It’s crazy how is gotten worse since this video lmao
Game is ass
eu sinto tanta falta desse overwatch
I just know
no new modes no old modes, there just no modes 💔💔💔
Black ops 6 really innovated on the overwatch 2 formula
Where is the Overwatch 3 video? I hear you can play as SPIDERMAAAAAN!
The game luckily doesn’t have this problem anymore cause nobody plays it
Hearing donsly say “It’s just like Fortnite!” Made me actually sad
1
Yes yes yes game bad funny donkey man but WHAT is the credits song? I have to know.
How about Bonercrotch Poo
Knowing how the game actually plays, it’s probably best if it stayed as a loading battle Royale/strand type game
Meanwhile "nothing together" on steam.
Jolly Goood Show
ah yes, my favorite glorified update.
*oh god. The junker queen looks gorgeous, ngl*
unbelievable. with little more than a single screen, dunkey has made me laugh almost harder than any other video he's produced. i'm not even that high.
I miss overwatch 1
Why the hell did YouTube tell me you _just_ uploaded this video... busted ass website. 😭
Imagine having an awesome and popular team based shooter then removing it from the market and replacing it with a mobile game that everyone hates and you can't play the old game anymore.
Lmfao "I love you ghost! Burn in hell!!" Hahaha ghost is a meme because that was arguably the best cod without traditional zombies lol
You know a man is funny if he can make a three minute video of a loading screen be funny.
Wow feeling this one with Payday 3
Payday 3 really outdid Blizzard when they created the first error/title screen-type game. Now once the servers are back up we can finally wait 3 hours again for the singleplayer mode
bring winston back
It's also funny to think about what it was he was waiting for
i just realised this. dunkey made 2 videos on overwatch 2 and the jokes are mostly identical. he just changed some stuff a little bit in this vid. just like overwatch 2
Did they like sell all the overwatch 1 servers for drug money or something?
Gross!
I remember I was stuck at 170 thousand players ahead and waited 12 hours just to have a connection failure
Dunkey is just him, he can record a video while he’s waiting to join into the game and still get 3.9M views
most high effort blizzard game:
I wasn't expecting Airforce Delta music!
best review of overwatch 2 out there
😐
It’s better than the infamous stranded type games.
At this point, I'm convinced Blizzard customers are trapped in an abusive relationship.
When's the follow-up review?! We need your spicy, hot, acidic takes on PvE being canceled!!!
Can't wait for dunkey to find out about the PvE being canceled
Can't wait for the next video 😂😂😂
Just rewatching the classics and remembering the dream
Had to come back here after todays amazing announcement 😂
Gamers just don't get it. It's an intentional reference, multiple layers - too complex for the average person. I'll try to explain. So the game's called overWATCH right. See what I did there? WATCH. So what you do is you watch the queue, and while you're WATCHing the queue, you actually sit there and think about TIME. Get it? Watches? Time? So then also while you're thinking about TIME, TIME passes, so you're experiencing time on multiple levels. WATCHING TIME pass, feeling TIME pass, maybe looking at a CLOCK on your computer (which is just a new age WATCH). You know, I think it's just too difficult to explain. If you get it, you get it, but really brilliant stuff here.
The first screen having two buttons in different colors to tell you to press gamepass, is like ads online. If you use this lame ass strat, I instantly uninstall. I can and will not handle alot of disrespect.
This makes you appreciate old computer games where you had to change floppy disks 700 times 🤣
You SHOULD be providing commentary for the NFL!!  You would ROCK!!
i miss this patch, better than season 2 imo
oki
I know these videos are funny. But seeing how battle passes are added to every new game genuinely saddens me
Even Kojima wouldn't be able to innovate the gameplay like that, this is genius
Since you have a May video on Guilty Gear you have to make a Mei video for Overwatch 2
LOL I feel yeah! I did the same thing, but instead said to myself fuck it. Weeks later, I hated of how there is no more loot boxes.
"OverWatch 2 is a battle royale where the objective is to be the player who's had the game on the longest" I couldn't even laugh at that statement that shit was just too factual.
zbzb man
Took me 30 seconds to get the bit
Tf2 dunk view when
The first strand type loading screen
The neckbeards are fuming
Instant Classic.
Of all the games I will play, this won't be one of them.
The good is the loading screen, thats it
looks like a great game
Overwatch 40K
Flowers in the garden Wakefullness in the flower Walking near a tower Following brand new power  I like you
I believe Dunkey when he said there was no Winston, and then I went to play it, and i saw Winston, and I realised I had been got by the Dunkmaster himself.
Shittywatch
Game looks different on console for sure
The game is the biggest scam in history.  It's pretty much a patched OW1 - Typical Blizzard these days.
How great is that, they even thought of adding a "while you wait" -> "open battle pass" in bright orange, you motherf*****
"That might be okay of the game" lmao
Now if only I could ply it and not be locked out due to my phone number.
I think that this is just a matter of perspective this game looks pretty good to me
Wokewatch
Overwatch 2 has an easter egg of the whole Overwatch 1, see if you can spot it
OW2 is the desert bus of fps games
finally, an incredible hidden gem brought to you by BigMode. thank you dunkey
The reward?  Playing over watch
There is shooting! *LOST CONNECTION* Wait What?! *holding in laugh*
Lmao
wow thats pretty much spot on my experience of Overwatch Too was just like that
The queues and connection problems were unreal 💀 @Overwatch, why make us suffer?
URmyjyromisterdankey
Pure GOTY
tf2
This actually made me sad
Thank you Blizzard i thought we didn't want this but we do. Great moves keep it up.
2:56 what was this windows sound I remember it. Was it when you disconnected something in windows 7?
so um... does anyone know what the song is at the end of the video lol?
I'm very impressed that 40,000 people were interested in the new Actiblizzion queue game. Lot of Alex Afraisabi fans lining up for the company's next big move. Good luck champs!
It's amazing how Blizzard colaborated in yet another Dunkey video. Big man is rising up in the ranks
Wow, this is a better Strand-type game than the Death Stranding!
Overhyped 2...
This game really makes you feel like Overwatch 2
The fact they were still charging 60$ a day before they shut it down...
They fucked up baaaad
"Its a battle royale, but you see how long you can keep playing Overwatch" ouch
it really makes you *feel* like a overwatch
Blizzard killed Overwatch, it's a shame because the 1st Overwatch was pretty fun.
what confuses me the most is that there is even a que for this game?
At least the logo is pretty cool
Conway's Game of Life was more fun than this debacle, and that's a 0-player game.
Damn. I miss the good old days before ea just ruined this game. Just over a week ago I was climbing my way through the game having a blast just putting so much time into winning because the stakes were so high, but now it's ruined. It's the easiest game ever, and once you win, almost *IMMEDIATELY* might I add, what's your reward?  You just get to play old Overwatch
lol
Dunkey man I thought you did funny game videos, what's this straight-laced, NatGeo documentary bullshit? How the mighty.....
The ddosers always wins😢
What a dumpster fire… just when we thought the gaming industry couldn’t be more disappointing
I love the battle royal gameplay
Watching this in 1080p60 looks so good.
Try 300k people ahead of you lol
Home much does the corpo studio gang hate when we check Dunkey’s take first? Lol
dunkey shud play omori fr
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
"i think we did a... pretty good job so far" (you have all my respect if you know where i quote this from)
1:14 🤣
😅 Blizzard writing gaming history again with their new, groundbreaking LBR, AKA Login Battle Royale.
Guys I need help, queueing simulator 2022 glitched out and I got into some weird main menu
I still don't see the point in jumping so much lol. Guess people like to be ballerinas
this game really makes you FEEL like there are 40000 players ahead of you
Theres no loading issues anymore,  but for xbox players everytime I get an achievement it boots me, so sad
Overwatch 2 just killed my internet and caused a power outage
i liked the side quest where i had to merge my accounts in-game before then having to restart the game, putting me back into the battle royale
I like the symbolism in the title "overwatch 2" because the word "over" and the number "2" means that you have to wait for over 2 hours  to play.
I can't believe they changed the name from Overman to this and still decided to put a 2 on there. Very poor game design and marketing strategy.
wheres bookwork adventure deluxe u sold ur soul
When you gonna talk about the trailer?
CULT OF THE LAMB
It's OW1. With QUEUE TIMES!
Hope they game you a refund
yikes bigmode’s first release isn’t lookin too good… hopefully this isn’t a sign of things to come
More like I’m so OVER having 2 WATCH the queue amiright
Dunkey is unsettlingly calm in this video
Electric boogaloo
the whole video should've been just the start screen.
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLL
Play Deadly Premonition
This shit is hilarious but I just want to say I never played before so after doing the tutorial and heading into online I have no idea what the objective is but won every match. There’s some bugs, if you pick someone’s favorite player (lets say tracer) everyone dips, crashes the game, kicks you off map, puts you in another map, shooting is fucking mid. A totally crippled character in fallout can shoot better
More like overwatch poo hehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehhehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehhehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehejehejehehehehejejehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehejehehehehehehehehhehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehe
It's not a Blizzard launch if it works within the first 3 days.
And then the critics go 80/100, B-, they really must love loading screens and battle passes.
Super mairo movie
I really hope he makes an overwatch 2 video now that the servers are fixed for the most part
This game is dogshit
There's a little something for everyone.
Forever my favorite youtuber, never fails to make ya laugh.
I guess you could say its LOADED with content
Patience simulator
Overwatch 2 almost makes you feel like you're playing Overwatch 1
I felt pain when it said 0 players
Videogamedunkey is such a cool guy and this was such an awesome video for me to watch and enjoy :]
Blizzard really showing why they are legends in the industry; the only way to beat Elden Ring is to have 0 gameplay!
10/10 would watch streamer play again
Team fortress 3 2.0
my sounds were off and I am gonna be honest this video is just as good if not even better without sounds
cool music :)
you don't like waiting your turn because you are nitpicky and biased, I win BYE BYE.
This is a game?
plot twist: when you actually get to join you get hit with the "rendering device lost" error XD
This game really makes you FEEL like you're the 40,000th person in line.
Leave Blizzard alone guys, they're a small indie company.
I played this Battle Royale, but my squad was absolute trash. All 10,000 of us got killed right at 1:14.   Time to queue into the next game.
One of the sequels ever made
Move over Kojima. The true strand-type video game is here now.
Makes u feel like overwatch 2
Insane
lol, apparently the moar popular youtubers and twitch people have the upgraded battle pass that allows insta win in the player queue arena
Overwatch 2 sucks
Really disappointed with how the game was changed. The only thing I liked was finally being able to get my console skins I obtained over years of gameplay onto my pc account that I now strictly play
i played dunkey today!!! i came to the video to confirm lol
I like how the videos length is 3.14, its very symbolic as how blizzard is a perfect circle, hyping me up and destroying expectations in a never ending cycle
I see blizzard has taken influence from the 40k games.
how the mighty have fallen
I really hate it when reviewers suck at a game then give it a bad review. If you suck so much you go from 9000 ahead of you to 40000 maybe it's your skill and not the game design?
So what your saying is….. I think it has a little bit of something for everyone…..
Dunkey, you should Dunk review Sky: CotL cuz u mention it last year from Summer Game Fest
all you had to do was swap regions lol
Of course everyone quit again so queue has been fine
This entire video is the most vicious burn I have ever seen   The game could die tomorrow because of this. XD
Play a real gamers game like Trombone Champ you coward
Overwatch Queue. 40000/10.
Hilarious haha
Waiting for a video review of the Mario movie trailer🐸
Overwatch 2 really makes you FEEL like waiting
You should play the co-op.
More like overwatching the load screen!  >>> click here for more DUNKSTON
Nobody does a triple A game hit piece like good old dunkey
in all seriousness, i think they might be trying to kill this ip
I love these "first look at" let's plays! It's really as if I was there!
I’m so glad he made a video about it post-release
Consume product and get excited for next underwhelming shitty project
OW2 is really OW0.5
Ah yes. Blizzard is the king of making queue lines. Classic wow launch certainly didn't teach em.
Blizzard using their finest budget servers for this launch. They must truly hate their customers. Imagine being so insanely dense you launch a game, and think 80 minute queue is acceptable. This is a hate crime. Blizzard should be punished.
You missed the part where your computer bluescreens lol
All this could have been avoided if Overwatch had a single-player campaign.
Horrible dogshit ass company and game!
My only concern for Overwatch 2 was game balancing, given they've had to remove Bastion already - I was right to show absolutely no interest in playing it.
2:09 Overwatch bully maguire: How'd THAT get in there?
The game is good. Everyone jumping on a bandwagon
I’ve played a couple of matches and felt no difference from the 1st overwatch. The only thing I’ve noticed so far is that now you can press the button to shoot Hog’s ultimate. Also this 5 players instead of 6 players thing makes no difference, it feels the same as it was in overwatch 1. Overall, this is the same game, which might get some fresh updates  later. Also also, don’t forget to merge your account because otherwise you won’t have your precious skins on which you’ve spend thousands of dollars
Love your sarcasm hahaha best man
10/10 can’t wait to see some “actual gameplay”🤣
This is why I waited a few days. It’s actually playable now.
I'm gonna  wait for Overwatch 3. The third games are usually the best. It's why Valve is holding back by not releasing  TF3. The gaming industry would become pointless because everyone would be playing TF3.
I know there's games that can load for ages, but not as long as Overwatch 2 this is some groundbreaking stuff right here. Absolutely astonishing.
They should add an "all chat" for the login queue to kill time
Gundam better
At least lootboxes disguised the random garbage you would get. Now the entire reward system is based around a battle pass so you can SEE all the random garbage you don't want.
“when do we get to the ride?”  “THIS IS THE RIDE :D”
They took the thickness out the female characters
They just paywalled heroes, I am done with overwatch 2.
i really loved when i loaded into my first match and realized they only changed like six characters and slightly tilted my ui why isnt there a legacy version where i can just play overwatch 1's final patch?? why do i need to play this awfully paced deathmatch shooter
How dare you talk about overwatch like that, you incompetent fool!  THIS IS A MASTAPIS!
Gearbox, I think it's time to boot up the Battleborn servers. Give people something to play while they wait to get into Overwatch 2.
Imagine *purging* Overwatch 1 for this.
this game really makes you feel like a loading screen.
AFTER ALL THESE YEARS!!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
It's a shame they canceled Overwatch 3 to make this...
very classic gameplay
Same game again
Hey dunkey, you played kingdom come deliverance? I'd like to hear your thoughts on it
I feel blizzard throttled the queue, I refuse to believe that there are that many people actually wanting to play overwatch 2
They fixed it
Winston? More like, Loseton
🤣🤣🤣
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
The only way they could improve is is if they put an Uninstaller button on the queue page.
Dunkey, play super mario starshine. You would love it
The game is honestly such a massive improvement to the old game that I can forgive blizzard and understand why they made it a new game. It’s fun, and hating on it just because everyone else is hating on it to be trendy is low level thinking.
It's the first load-type game. Absolute masterpiece
Really makes you feel like over watching, masterpiece
What is it with Blizzard and long queues?
All jokes aside, it is genuinely embarrassing that 1 week after launch there are still DCs, still account merge problems, and still terrible servers. One of the worst launches of any fps game ever.
The fact Overwatch in the first place got so big is a massive head-scratcher for me. I've played it, and it's not fun, and the fact that the franchise is dead now makes complete sense. I mean this video is enough proof of how far Overwatch has died.
Since, all you do all day is looking at that loading screen, it's a good thing that it is pleasant to look at. Well designed game. 5*
I didn't get kicked out and I gotta say... the game still sucks my dude, maybe if they didn't have the same old move the payload sheet and have some actual game modes like actually player v player instead of team v team it'll be fun  And how bout some versatility in this bitch I'm playing support for 8 hours with nothing to do for my team except try to pump the healing output over damage input and i still get bronze  I went from mf plat to bronze in support and I think that sums up the game, sure your fixing your sheet blizzard but I still see the same bs that your tryna cover up  Like the same ol insta killing abilities/ultimates, favoring class systems over fun, the dam turrents in choke points, damage indicator runs wild all over the place in a 1st person shooter, (oh I can keep going) the new gun noises gets confusing, the scoreboard doesnt deserves to be a feature and neither is the ping system it's a method to catch up to date with competitors, players have to unlock heroes but there isnt a lot of support to choose from in the beginning, goodluck playing deathmatch with the overpowered tanks, and why are all the new characters just all women add a mf Terrordactyl blizzard it just makes you look bad from that (whistle that cookoo noise) incident   Free to play mo like waiting for another disappointment ima uninstall this crap
cant believe they removed winston
I hope this is what the first Big Mode game is like. A true pillar of gaming history here.
This is a queue simulator with Overwatch 1 as a mini-game.
This is what you idiots get. Overwatch sucks and so do you.
Activision/Blizzard: "Let's remove the terrible, greedy loot box system and just add everything to an in game store and make the players buy in game currency with real life money to purchase cosmetics"  Players: "Boooo! 😡"  Activision/Blizzard: "Do you guys not have money? 😅🤣 Yeah, you guys all have money".   They literally just made things worse. Now Overwatch is just a cash grab with no free rewarding aspects. 😑 Goodbye, Overwatch. It was fun while it lasted.
the color change really goes well with overwatch 2. I like how they kept the orange and black style. 10/10
😂wth
This is weird, my queue only said 2000 players and never went down. Did I forget to uninstall a good game like Heroes of the Storm?
I can´t actually believe how this man can put in a few words, how good is this game
I honestly don’t care. Overwatch was completely overrated and mid af.
man i just love the sarcastic humor that donkey has
I kinda didn’t have any loading screens… Shit’s kinda been bussin’ the whole time.
all you had to do was start the game with asia servers , it automatically switches to america once you get in the game . i didn’t wait a single second to get in the game doing this trick jus sayin . 0 queue time at all anytime i launched .
Super funny! Great Video Dunkey!
This is the greatest overwatch 2 gameplay ever holly shit
Man they took the damn battle Royale out this game changing experience. I don't want the game to work! That's why I pre ordered it for 600 dollars 8 years before launch.
I got in right away. But I’m so glad everything is the exact same..
every new game blizzard releases this happens to lol im not surprised
Definitely one of the games ever made
More exciting than Desert Bus.
Dunkey is the best
First video I watched of yours was Winston checked in and it seemed like so much fun I actually bought it sadly the sequel is not going to be anything comparable.
This game makes you FEEL like batman
men this is just disaster just play TF2
This is what *Overwatch* is all about.. Just watch over the logo. Truly an OVERWATCH 2 moment
Absolute gamer prespective
Please play more overwatch 2
Overwatch, more like Underwatch because all that waiting time got me 6 feet under ground.
OVERWATCH 1.2
Overwatch 1 with three new characters and battlepass.....
I wanted to check menu to see how my account transferred. I wasn't event annoyed by the queue all that much, but it's funny when you just want into the menu... That's like win a loading game before you can play loading game. What annoyed me was not the first crash, nor the second, but the third one. Oh and when I finally got into the game and started checking few things it crashed again (previously I didn't get that far). So... I think I will give it a little more time in the oven before it's properly done (for)
woke watch
I was lucky and got in with only 5000 people infront of me
Overloaded 2
This is why games need dedicated servers and a server browser.
First they made a game about walking. And now a game about loading.  Fascinating times indeed 🙏
Accurate
So basically blizzard still can't make games 😂😂😂
I like how that literally how my 1st time was.
LMFAO I love dunkey man
You know what doesn’t have loading screens, tank trouble
so it's overwatch 1 with 2 on it
Dunkey... You just speedrun through the game in a 3-min video with no fastforward edits.
Blizzard: Welcome to Overwatch 2! Please show me your phone number, guys, so we can sell your phone number to the companies! You don't have a battle net account? Please create one!  PSN/Xbox Live: Am I a joke to you, Blizzard?
The game got massively DDoS’d on launch and the vast majority of players in the queue were fake accounts. Dunkey probably won’t address it because he’d have to admit it wasn’t blizzard’s fault and honestly makes this whole vid seem really stupid but it is concerning for multiplayer games and either it could happen again or we get a 9/11 TSA situation where games start using more and more account verification and it’ll take like 15 min just to sign in
You forgot the nostalgic overwatch 1 experience of waiting 1h to find a game after waiting 2h to get into the menu.
my cousin hates you so i shot him 5 times
My favorite feature from Overwatch 2 is after all the waiting and account merging, all the skins and icons you unlocked over the years are magically gone. It’s like the most expensive Prestige mode ever.
my first match of overwatch 2 that I played, not one single player model loaded in so I played the whole match with my enemies and teammates invisible to me. I could only hear genji grunting sensually all game.
it was fun while it lasted, now we get in instantly and dont get disconected
When Dunkey speedruns a game you can really see the mastery he has over every element of gameplay, just like in Bowser's Big Bean Burrito. Now he's done it again with a mere 7 hours load in time on the Overwatch 2 login screen, truly an amazing feat.
I’ve never played over watch but I’m always hyped for some dunkey
shit video and waste of time same as the game
Did Dunkey just make a video about OW 2 and forget to mention how shit Valorant is??
Over Watch 2? more like Watch the fucking screen 2
I'm more excited for the fan content. The chars have already been ripped 🤩🤩
“Ima beat the game” “Ima get Winston back”  😂😂😂😂😂
Lmao, I'm so glad I didn't try it on launch!  Btw where is the VS AI mode they were promising?
Anyone buy a 20$ OW skin that used to be free?
What the helll is going on
I actually laughed when i went on Battlenet, selected Overwatch 2 on the store and it took me to Overwatch 1 in my library and started an update. I actually could not believe that Overwatch 2 is just an update for the original game.
Didn't you guys read the news?? This is just Overwatch 2 doing its DDOS attack, which stands for "Dunkey, Do Other Stuff"
This game really makes you feel like you’re a part of something. Being together with those 40,000 other players just staring at the screen and waiting, makes you really connect with each other. Genius game design.
i sat in queue for 10 hours straight, got into a game, played for 30 seconds and then was disconnected. When I attempted to relaunch I was put behind 50,000 other players once more. Thanks Blizzard
That's nice, Blizzard made a screen saver and called it Overwatch 2.
My friend still hates you from the Fortnite match
now that the servers work. playing this game with friends is acctualy the most fun i have had playing an fps
Dunkey please do a dunkview on vr game Paper Beat pleas
hot take:  nobody wanted OW2. we just wanted new heroes, new maps, and new game modes every once in a while and that wouldve been enough.
The thing with overwatch 2 is like you having a relationship for years and getting married. Everything seems new and flashy but nothing really changes except a title.
What a flimsy piece of corpratised garbage. What even is the background? Spend 8 hours staring at nothing? Wheres the splash art? Places, history, character line up? Maybe some lore building visuals? Server integrity?   How many wow expansions did they go through to get it right? They straight up saved some money on not paying for excess server space because the player base was expected to be f all.   All Blizzard makes now are whale farms. It's not about pleasing us anymore. Hot garbage
Just play a day or two later and you wont need to wait as long..
Eeeeeeh. No thanks.
Overwatch?  More like Watch me be Over this game.
No rule 3 4 though?
You have to wait then inside a game there's a chance for you to crash
Every time i watch a dunky video, I say:  "Dats a gungy!" :D
I like that they completely replaced Overwatch 1 with Overwatch 2 on Switch. Now, instead of having to choose whether I want to play Overwatch with a realistic DMV waiting experience or play the regular Overwatch, Blizzard makes that choice for me. It's so relieving, because having to pick between the two was so stressful.
I remember playing ranked and then being sent to the queue behind 9000 players and sitting for another 30 minutes. Great game 1/10
did blizzard ever catch the guy who was stealing womens breast milk from the staff fridge?
Dunkey! I'm just writing this hoping you are editing a new video about the Mario Movie Trailer while in Que.
its just overwatch one but they decided that the 60$ you paid for overwatch one the online only multiplayer only shooter game with no single player wasnt enough so they decided to call it overwatch 2 because inorder to get you to pay 60$ for an online only multiplayer only shooter game with no single player they promised that you would get all the overwatch content for free. i have no idea why que times were ridiculous, why so many people bought it, or why people are hyped for what is at most a room temperature update.
Amazing
Overwatch 3 will be out once I get into this game.
Sense launch I’ve been able to play about 10 games😂 long ass wait and got kicked multiple times it’s ridiculous.
They really took the 2 out of Overwatch
LUCKY ASS DUDE GOT 30000 WHILE I HAD 50000
KEKW
My exact experience
The fact that when you unlock an achievement you get booted from a match is a game breaking bug lol. I saw half the lobby drop out. And my mate them myself.
yeah wtf.
I would be astonished that the creators were stupid enough to believe this was a good idea, but everyone knows that are complete idiots.
Dunkey I'm so sorry you got suckered in to buying this game, it happens to the best of us... CEPT ME!
In Asia, I most of the time get into the game almost instantaneously.
It is good to be an overwatching watcher, and I didn't even touched the first overwatch game to be honest.
If history has taught us anything it's that trying to play a multiplayer-heavy game day 1 will only bring you pain.
Playing OW2 is like going to VVIP night clubs, 90% of queuing & 10% actually in the club
Alright, let's see him eat blizzard alive 🕶️
Blizzard is such an embarrassing company these days.
It really makes you feel like a loading screen.
Obvious misplays all around in this video.
It’s kinda like playing Before Your Eyes but without that pesky blinking mechanic.  Truly a modern masterpiece
More Winston, indeed.
Seems easy enough for new players to get involved.
gta online: 2
I actually might play this one. Looks kinda good.
Hey D, you might take a look at the new "Super Mario Bros Movie".. and make a review on it :D. I am sure it may be on your list but just in case.
Blizzard forgot what it was like having 50k+ concurrent players on Overwatch
Why do they hate Winston, and by association, me?
The new pokemon game looks super good, I was mostly impressed with the graphics and textures. Jk
Pro strat: switch your region to Asia because even though it authenticates in Asia for login, your actual ping will be associated with the closest server to your so technically I'm connected to Asia,  but my ping is 30 living 9n east coast us
XD
I spent more time looking at the logo than playing the game.
day 1 you only got the play the 10m demo, its kinda like waiting for a ride in a themepark
The screen burn for us Oled users will be fun.
The game really lives up to its name this time around. Overwatch, the game where you over watch the game queue screen over night until you pass out and eventually die in real life. I commend Blizzard for such innovative game design. Truly immersive gameplay.
Wait hold up.......WAS THAT A PRO GENJI?!
Anyone else notice that the logo isn’t symmetrical?
The most nothing launch in gaming history
This is Dunkey’s favorite game.
Man I haven't witnessed this type of fun experience since the open beta of Anthem.           Remember when Anthem was a thing? Me neither.
We need another deer simulator video the full game released
It's wait'in time
I don’t understand why people want to play OW2 so badly, considering how people shit talked OW1 so damn much.
I play forklift
Blizzard is so lazy, they just copied the gameplay for Overwatch 2 from World of Warcraft Classic
tbh overwatch has better servers than for honor TRUST ME
I'm fully convinced the death penalty should be one of the only few punishments in existence, with fewer traditional punishments but for more or other reasons... And I always got the vibe of "death penalty" needed about the Overwatch devs. There is something truly sickening about their work.
Ahahahahah you suckers. Over watch 1 looked lame as hell im sure Over watch 2 is lame as hell as well
Theres AFK type game... But this just take the cake...
If the next update allows RGB Control of the Logo, count me in..... In 40,000
They promised 5 V 5, thought up of 5,000 V 5,000 and ended up 0 V 0. A poetic fate for Activision Blizzard.
They managed to make a game even more infuriating than Overwatch. You have to admire their dedication to being garbage.
Cap
Triple-A company releases a triple-A game on single-D servers.  Amazing.  And nothing improves because we keep playing.
The pron is gonna be good. That's all.
Ok so after 4 days or something the game finally works. This game actually has more bugs and glitches tho than freak ow1. Lag will straight up make people disappear for a few seconds then re appear. Sometimes you’ll see bodies rag doll even tho they aren’t dead then appear normal and you die to them.a bunch of emotes are t poses. People still can’t use the whole roster. Console players can’t increase FOV passed 60. And last but certainly not least the PvE isn’t out.  Despite all of this dogshit is the core gameplay fun and better than ow1. As a lucio player he’ll yes it is fun. No more stuns to slow me down so now I can wall ride to the sky box as much as I please and 1v1 every dps character with ease. Underneath so much garbage is a fun game just wish they’d clean it up.
Welcome to Broken Watch 2, Where time is in que.
Lmao this was also my first experience
When Mercy turns to Cassidy and Echo and said “No Russian” I was appalled! Such a masterpiece! 🤩
Question? at the outro what was the song used for it I really like it!
Welcome to overwatch 2, after 9 years  in queue I hope it’s finally worth the wait! *its nottt*
This summed up the entire first day experience I had, and then the queue has completely disappeared for me
This game kept booting me after I unlocked an achievement
And THIS is why we don't buy always-online games that will definitely get bricked someday and might even be effectively bricked AT LAUNCH.
Just play gundam evolution.
They really appealed to the British playerbase with this new Queue-type gameplay. They have stuck to the Americans' taste in shooters for too long.
Team Fortress 2 outlived overwatch lol
Honest question tho : what is happening to these new games now adays ? Theyre always unplayable dumpster fires upon release. What happened to buying/downloading a game and it just worked ? Most new games that come out are this kind of trash
Overwatch 2 really makes you feel like your watching over the player queue
I love Screenwatch 2 😀
I already laughing went he said “the logo”
game that really make you feel like overwatch​
Its pretty sad that there are enough dumb people willing to be used as Blizz's condom to even pile up a queue in this rehash
Welcome to overwatch 1 oh I mean 2
all jokes aside I definitely think Overwatch 2 is a lot better than Overwatch 1. As someone who has played this game for 6 years and complained and shit talked blizzard for their god awful game design decisions, I definitely think Overwatch 2 is a step in the right direction.
hey dunkey, i was wondering what your thoughts are on gundam evolution suddenly being picked up by literally everyone even those that have never touched the franchise with a ten foot pole, you know bandai must have shilled out the big bucks considering gundam games are notorious for being terrible cash grabs
Some people actually got -75% exp for next 12 matches for this logouts
You have to Overwatch the loading screen. This game is fantastic.
I can't do shit, just overwatch2 loggo, nothing to press, i guess console version is even more f uped
The game-queue-simulator is a great milestone in gameplay  When the Overwatch-1-gameplay came on I was like "Wait, what?" - but Blizzard, as well as it designs it's games, of course saves it right away with a classical "Server connection lost". Brilliant.
The first Queue Type Game!
at the beginning I thought "yeah this is just some funny commentary on overloaded servers" but by the end I realized overwatch took it to a new level  never before conceived of.    11/10 best game of the year
this game Is about being over your watch
"oh this is just overwatch 1"
Wow u are the first person talking about quee  how interesting
Dunkey don't miss
🤣
at this point just play gundam evo
Great Future for Blizzard  with Games that leaves you out of a game u know to loose anyway xD
really interesting how they implemented incremental game-type elements like waiting months just to do anything. such innovation.
Remember when you simply had servers that people could join or host themselves. When it was about getting group of strangers to play several games together instead of random asshole each game.  Counter Strike spoiled me bad. And Warcraft III as well...
I installed saw 2000 in queue then uninstalled. Don't have time for that shit tbh.
Exact same experience Dunkey. Reinstalled Destiny 2 and playing that until this 💩 show is fixed.
I like the idea of queue of 1 hour because the amount of player, but I need to wait 3 minute to play as dps
This is not even a game of all time
The British part of me really wanting to stay in that queue.
Is this the new riot gam ?! I lov anime
Whats the outro music?
I wouldn't be surprised if Blizzard did add a Battle Royale mode in the future.
I like how he was excited to start playing and was sent back to the quene, ITS SO FUNNY WITH HIS REACTION
remember complaining about  the original's load times
Overwatch 2; The game everybody/nobody is playing.
just change to asia server it fix
more like Overqueue
Overwatch 2 is truly a game of all time.
I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'm glad I lost interest in overwatch before OverWatch 2 flopped
I never knew Overwatch was a psychological horror game.
Do y’all not remember when you had to wait 6-12 hours to get into the Fortnite lobby screen?
Blizzard is a true pioneer in the login meta
That was literally me on day 1
Wow you really see Activision impact on their games… a battle pass. In overwatch. Lmao rip blizzard.
Welcome to disconnect fortress 2,after 7 years in development hopefully it was worth the wait.
i remember the first time i thought i was about to actually finish a match of overwatch when it sent me back to that 40000 queue
This is definitely one of the games out there.
😂😂😂😂😂😂
I didn't know Overwatch told jokes.  *30000 people in queue* Hahahaha.
Better gameplay then diablo immortal...
Can’t wait for the Overclock sequel!
I haven't needed to wait more than like 10mins to get in the game. After that everything else loads fine. Do I hate the battle pass? Yeah kind of. I just miss being level 400 in Overwatch xD
Queue simulator
Word of advice change region
Bro really waited 7 hours just to pick damage class and wait 7 more hours
I’m going to say it overwatch 2 is basically a loading simulator
I mean they are a small, independent company trying their first FPS game. There are bound to be hiccups.
Damn this is up to your usual effort for your content dunk! Keep it up!
i like the part where Blizzard flips you the bird if you have a pre paid phone.
blizzard hates poor people if you dont have a postpaid phone u cant play the free game cuz ur too poor
oh dunk lying again typical ur wife netorares ya bruh
I love you dunks
Blizzard is the worst company to work for I will never spend my money buying another game from that company ever again
If Overwatch 2 is so great which haven't we got an Overwatch 2 2?
Good moments
Pro-tip: if you click "play" on the games menu you will be able to play overwatch 1
>When the 2B2T queue is better than your million dollar AAA release queue
BRUH HOW DID YOU GET INTO COMPETITIVE RIGHT AWAY💀   NOTHING SWITCHED OVER FOR ME AND I HAD TO LITERALLY START OVER AND ALL MY SKINS ARE GONE  I HAD TO DO TUTORIAL MODE ALL OVER AGAIN  AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH AAAAAAAAHHHHHHH
"that was a big move right there- that might be play of the game"
ThanQue
Why did it take me a good minute to get the joke   This is like competitive in 1 but you can not only see your position, you can literally play another game while you wait!   I’ve waited over an hour in 1 to the point I gave up (casual isn’t casual anymore) and stopped playing it altogether
wtf have they been doing all this time
Once you win the battle royale u get to play the game
That crap is hilarious
Overwatch 2 is Doo Doo
I welcome this new direction, glad to see they’re switching things up
These are CLEARLY cut together clips, actual loading times are way longer.  Worst Speedrun ever. Fake gameplay.
I look forward to the new animations :)
This is the second strand type game, truly revolutionizing the genre
More like cringefest 2
Oh yeah, this exists…really looking forward to „Lootboxes 2“
That was great. I hope you can do a follow-up when you can actually play the game
just play tf2
So 10 months ago ActiBlizzard was outed as a den of legitimate evil and now we're back to making (or attempting to make) Overwatch content now? You deserve to sit in queue and you deserve this awful company.
my wife woke me up in the middle of the night dying her hair and i thought to myself, this is the 'first strand-type waking-up'  i only discovered this channel 2 weeks ago.  what is happening to my lifeee UHH OHHH
Unfortunately, I think we have actually entered a time of no more Winston
Metal Gear?!
This game is so good I forgot to play it! Truly a great game worth all of my time 🙂
This truly is one of the videos of all time.
more winston please
I used to have my doubts until I saw this but now with the new perspective this video has given me, I agree, the logo definitely has an orange bit at the top.  Such a daring choice.  17 outta 10
Why do I have to sign in when launching Overwatch 2 even though Im already logged into Battlenet?
God before MOD bro!  (John 3:16 says > For God so loved the world that he gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life.)  The world is racing toward "AMAGEDON" !!!  If you have not read the books of (Daniel chapters 7-12), (Ezekiel chapters 37-39) (Matthew chapters 24:1-51 + 25:1-30), (1 Thessalonians chapters 1-5), (2 Thessalonians chapters1-3) and (Revelation chapters 6-19), now would be a good time. They will explain a lot about what is going on right now!  These books will cover the "Wars" about to come, the Rapture, World judgement, hence the Tribulation and the Great Tribulation! These books will also be the most ominous and scary for the unbelievers and the most exciting and uplifting for those who believe in Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior.  It is my hope and prayer that people would repent and believe on the Lord Jesus Christ before all these things take place, because it is going to be very, very scary if you do not and you decide to wait and see what happens!
React to dream chin
Where's the mario video?
The thing you have to understand, is that Blizzard is a very big brain company. They took the concept of  a "walking simulator" and then built on that foundation in a very abstract and high concept way by creating a meta-game: a "loading simulator".
I see blizzard went with the extremely popular decision of completely replacing the masterpiece of Overwatch with Overwatch 2.  This move worked flawlessly with Warcraft 3 I can see why they decided to do it again!
The worst shit ever.
I blame all the fanboys/fangirls who sold their soul to Diablo Immortal to help fund this insult.
after all the pr nightmare blizzard has had w their employees, the community already thinking that ow2 is a stupid move and this borderline failure of a launch it just seems like the nail in the coffin
Dunkers is already so good at the game holy shit
The ultimate gaming experience
After hours wasted, I closed the game. I sat in the silence in my room and muttered to myself: - I can't do this anymore, this load screen... I am over watching it.  A single tear dropped as I stared the screen and realized what had just happened. This game really made me feel like I was over watching. 10/10.
I deinstalled it yesterday after some time playing it. Its just a chaotic deathmatch with even less team work than OW1. With busted tank brawler thingys and such a short ttk that lets me pop like popcorn in a microwave.
fact jinkQueen is on middle ：jinkQueen. blackwoman left.
The Dark Souls of loading screens.
Hey Dunkey, what about a meta review of Cyberpunk Edgerunners the anime alongside the game's current state and the relationship between the two and fans?
very faithful to the original
When will we get to the ride?  This IS the ride! Yippee!
Guys I got into the game and I didn’t que BACKKK 😂
I REALLY LIKE THE 2 LOGO
And people still buy games
It just works.
I know we can’t rush art, but really looking forward to Dunkey’s Mario Trailer review.
"We've consulted diversity experts to make sure we don't stereotype ethnic minorities!"  *All Asian characters are ninjas
It won't be a problem in 6 months when this game's player count will bottom out.
Mario trailer video plz
Meh. Those are some pretty logos, but until the entire Activision Blizz management team that oversaw a culture of sexual harassment and abuse culminating in one poor woman's suicide are fired, from the CEO down, I'm not spending another dime on their studio.
blizzard products WOW classic = wow OW2 = ow DI = d3 D4 = d3 D2R = D2  Roadmap SC3 = sc2  They sell the same shit with new content  L company
fk blizzard
Okay dunkey why are you going for the role queue? Why you betrayed us?
Give it to dunky yo sht on overwatch
why the 3 new characters look like generic woman you would find in a gatcha game
Blizzard ain't gonna be honest and say it outload: all they did was make OW1 a more profitable FTP model.
Try My Chocolate
Maybe Dunkey should play Gundamwatch, I mean OverGundam, I mean... Gundam Evolution. No NSFW of the characters, but at least their server is Working!!!
Fuck this game.
OVERWAIT
Overpriced shit
why is it that the max players in my queue are 70
This comment section filled with bad satire lol.
OW2 is easily one of the worst shooters ever made.  Bring back OW1!
Bro... you know that this is a God tier video right? GAAAAH DAM THIS HAS ME ROLLING!!!🤣
Do a Mario movie trailer video
This is definitely a data farming scheme. Blizzard just made 1000 zillion BlizzCoin
but hey, at least logo is nice...
Just let buy Microsoft buy that shit show already. It can't possibly get worse than that if they do.
classic blizzard launch. I'm baffled at how fucking bad a company can be prepared. and a alf asses title on top. fuck blizzard i hate blizzar we aint playin no blizzar game no more
to quote a friend: "It is like Fifa, but in 6 years they have not improved anything and the servers run at DoDS capacity for 100 times the players"
i'm really glad i skipped this launch. how disappointing.
Why the fuck is everyone sitting in a day long queue to play a game they already bought and played back in 2016? I mean seriously, this is such a blatant reskin of overwatch 1, but instead of just playing overwatch 1, people are sitting and waiting to play the reskin...
Im a big fan of trying to connect to the main menu. Really glad they have representation for what I stand for. 🎉❤😊
i would play but i see they are calling for more players from the underrepresented genders. and as i am part of one of the only two genders, it seems we are a little overrepresented!  so it would be extremely irresponsible to add to the over-representation! :P
ahhhh was waiting for this one...
If this queuing situation keeps up overwatch 2 will die
Asia servers better
GOTY?
this game really makes you FEEL like going out getting some dinner and waiting the rest of the time while u eat... and then waiting even more after you're done eating
welcome to ow2 after 9 years of development...
What's this, beta footage? Bloody terrible stability. And those loading times are beyond a joke, even for early beta testing...
The first strand-type game
Welcome to the wow classic ques. Que simulator 2022
giving blizz my phone number? nope, last company i would trust that to
This is like that time Dunkey played Mario Kart Wii
They basically took overwatch, made it just a tiny bit worse (except for the battlepass and shop that's complete garbage) and called it a day.
xD shit
its better but brig and moira are still in the game so it remains as a wast of disc space
damage in the game isnt even scaled fair completely unplayable
Absolute dogshit game!
Day 2 of asking dunkey to do a dunkview on plants vs zombies
only you can make a video with 10 seconds of gameplay
Well, I use a pre-paid phone so I got to play the download 25gb file and watch it tell me I cant play it cause I cant afford a 70$+ contract to play a free game.
on point
Trump 🇺🇸
Even gex has a better loading screen
Blizzard game and their queue game. 2 days ago I have to wait 10 hours just to play wow classic...
Finally a game to dethrone Sonic 06 at the loading screen game. Truly a masterpiece just like knack 2 baybee
I still can't even get in it's still saying my phone isnt a pre-paid phone which is bullshit
Overwatch 2 really makes you _feel_ like paint drying.
Overwatch 2? I'd say it's a fancy waiting simulator.
Your personality just doesnt hold up buddy its getting old
I really hope they will bring back OW 1 , as it was a week ago... Shit OW 2 is bad! and im not talking about the queue.
The loading screen is actually less disappointing than the game itself. When you finally get in, you realise Overwatch has turned into an overglorified team deathmatch. The loss of the second tank has taken grouping up, tank synergy and team play with it. It's boring and lacking in depth and it's a relief when I'm sent back to this screen so I can just change game to Rocket league.
They really looked at Battlefront 2 launch and said "how can we so that, but worse?"
After I eventually entered the game, I really liked it. It felt fresh while also keeping the ow1 feels. The only thing I didn't enjoy was doomfist getting turned into a tank 😑
Fuck yeah
THE FIRST WAITING TYPE GAME
Why the 3 new heroes are 3 woman, 1 black and 1 muscular
ahahaha this is so sad man this was such a good game it's sad how it fell from grace like that
I loaded it up cause it was “free” but then realized it was already purchased on my system??.  It’s literally the same game as far as my ps4 is concerned.  I played a few games it was all maps ive played from overwatch 1, all while having 3/4 of the characters locked.  I couldn’t even write a worse sequel than this
Very nice this for a 1.2 version patch.
There's a little something for everyone in these queues
real
The second ever Strand-type game, you're left stranded, waiting
I only cared about the PVE, not sure why they decided to release the neutered version.
Winton
Can someone tell me if it’s a joke or is that actual legit what happens?
Love it! lol
Truly a game to surpass metal gear
The queue in 2b2t be like
This has to be quite literally the most beautiful pieces of art I ever seen In many ways, the work of a critic is easy. We risk very little, yet enjoy a position over those who offer up their work and their selves to our judgment. We thrive on negative criticism, which is fun to write and to read. But the bitter truth we critics must face, is that in the grand scheme of things, the average piece of junk is probably more meaningful than our criticism designating it so. But there are times when a critic truly risks something, and that is in the discovery and defense of the *new*. The world is often unkind to new talent, new creations. The new needs friends. Last night, I experienced something new: an extraordinary video from a singularly unexpected source. To say that both the video and its maker have challenged my preconceptions about fine Video Editing is a gross understatement. They have rocked me to my core. In the past, I have made no secret of my disdain for this channel and it’s famous motto, "Anyone can make a YouTube Video" But I realize, only now do I truly understand what they meant. Not everyone can become a great artist; but a great artist *can* come from *anywhere*. It is difficult to imagine more humble origins than those of the genius now making videos on this channel, who is, in this critic's opinion, nothing less than the finest YouTuber in France. I will be returning to this channel soon, hungry for more.
Loving the it's another game type game genre they got goin on here.
Overwatch 2 really removed Winston (the only black character) but kept Tracer, the best character and Hanzo's wife
The new Overwatch DLC is looking great so far
Finally Overwatch 2 is out!  Now to wait for the sfm movies!
I watched this DJ/producer named Dot try to stream it yesterday and for a whole hour, nothing lol
I hate when I feel the need to wipe my butt again later on after taking a poo.
I was watching this video and then my neighbour came and we watched it together. He said that this video changed his life and touched his heart. I then went and rented a projector in a big field and my entire town watched it and it changed their lives too. We all are so grateful. Thank You for this video
I mean I figured out how to get in pretty easily within 10 min and had tons of fun playing, no long ass queue times no disconnections LOL get fucked nerds
Overwatch 2? More like Overwaiting!!! Hahahahahahah **jumpsoutawindow**
There's no way there are really 40000 overwatch 2 players
Truly a masterpiece. Really makes you *feel* like you’re the Overwatch 2
<3 Fortnite
these videos are so annoying  free likes
Waiting simulator 💀
this isn't fortnite at all
dont upload video than lol
i remember these videos used to be entertaining, and dont google kurt schilling jason or youre gonna have a bad time
he'll be back for more
It's crazy cause that's the game I just played!
This is what jury duty was like for me.
bro💀💀
Even tetris is better then this
Overwatch 2 is incredibly good already... now imagine if you could actually play the game
Just change the region ya dongus ;)
gpood ,mionja!
That logo though, thank god!
This is Blizzard’s best prank yet
First watch type game, where you can only watch, will definitely be a timeless classic
They made a GOTY Edition for FarCry 6
Dunkey gets to experience being a FFXIV player.
Overwatch 2 really makes you feel like you're watching Overwatch 1 all over again.
If you want a job in the moisturizer industry, the best advice I can give is to apply daily.
Fun fact: They don't even call it 'Overwatch 2' on China server. It was treated as a big update with the codename 'The Return'.
After 2000 hours of overwatch, I'm done with it. This is not overwatch anymore
This is going to make even more r34s
This is how it will be remembered.
Dunkey play the new lotr games
*Never can a player forget Winston's famous words: "It's loadin' time!"*
Here's a sentence you'll never hear me say out loud, and never will again. I'd rather be playing VALORANT! I'd rather play Apex Legends on Switch competitively. (THAT wasn't a joke.)
I’m ten seconds in please just be a whole video of a loading screen pleassssseeeee
tf2
Blizzard is screaming their heads off. No, not because of the drama -but because they didn't think up to make their loading screen virtue-signal as their starting gimmick Missed opportunity.
*Never can a player forget Winston's famous words: "It's loadin' time!"*
DUNKEY  MARIO TRAILER OUT!
This remind me when Friday the 13 game first came out.
you boot up the game and you're greeted with 3 pocs. classic nublizzard.
I think the underappreciated thing about dunkey is he doesnt use algorithm-bait thumbnails
Remember the times when we could have finished and stable games at launch? I do
loading game simulator.
This is especially heinous because when Overwatch launched initially, all their servers scaled beautifully with the demand. Guess their AWS guy jumped ship when Kaplan and the rest of the real devs did.
overwatch is now running on battlefront servers
Where's Jeff Overwatch when you need him.
I thought it was a joke the waiting queue was a joke. Now I *know* it’s a joke
Buddy you sound like Kermit!! Haha but u earned a subscriber
Overwatch 2 is a DMV simulator.
So the excuse with WoTLK is that the servers are old yada yada. What's the excuse for this shit?
Left my ps4 on for 6 hours just to get out of queue
Mine's been at 2,000 for the past 20 mins and no matter what I do, that number does not go down
Otro lixo de video
Wow. So this is the very first “stand” type game, right? Riiight?!?!?
Just casually waiting for Dunkey’s reaction to the Mario movie trailer….
hai :3
Sad to say, but at some point gamers as a community have to stop supporting businesses that actively hate their own customers
What can you expect from a small indie company who's had 4 years to work on this since it was announced at Blizzcon 2018??
This makes 2b2t’s queue look quick
try right clicking sometimes
ive completely given up on the game ive played about 20 matches and not one was satisfying i hate what it has become and i really hate how they did the BP the new cosmetics suck only like 4 or 5 are good im disappointed maybe theyll change things but i doubt it
The O in Overwatch is an easter egg because you're gonna see alot of those in the queue
Very accurate
Fortnite 2 looks insane
What's worse is that the gameplay is pretty solid
You have to queue to get into a queue duh. It's called "INNOVATION"  GOTY easily, definitely the GTA 6 killer we've all been waiting for.
**LIKE THIS IF YOU LIKE OVERWATCH 2**
They are taking it offline for 4 hours tonight because its so unplayable XD Its my fault for expecting any less from Blizzard
Man you are awesome, you beat 40k players in 7 hours! I after that time with 100 players battle royale still fight for first 30th
Very excited for dunkey to shit on the monetization.  For people who already had OW1 this is a straight downgrade lol.
I just noticed now that the logo is worse... Even the fecking logo they had to go and ruin it ._.
In Overwatch 2 the game loads you. With some bullshit.
LOL I love how he has the same humour as me when you're mad at the game.
to be fair they did have a ddos attack on day 1 release the game
This game makes gta 5 loading screens look alot faster
Makes Splatoon 3’s communication errors seem so much better now
Okay but why is the last part not even a bit, it JUST HAPPENS! How do you do this? How does one go from having a game with login servers that work to all dis.
Play of the game 😂
‘Overwatch 2’ is actually derived from having to watch your queue spot for 2 days
The first one was fun but I'm too casual of a player to even need to bother with this one. Just another F2P model with a Battle Pass I don't have the time or the motivation to invest myself in. Thankful for epic single player RPG's at this point. I hope AAA gaming doesn't find way to ruin that as well but I'm sure they will. SKYRIM BATTLE PASS
Overwatch 2 is gonna be a dead game in a year
My favorite part is that despite having my old phone number associated with my account for like 4 years, Blizzard won't let me play now because of the carrier being Cricket Wireless. Apparently I have to pay for the Verizon Wireless DLC package, which is probably $40-50 more a month. So like, this game will cost me only $480 a year to play for free. Sweet.
The moment you realized that lootboxes were better...
Says “50,000” players ahead but takes 5min to find a 5th 🎉
For the 1st time ever I had zero issues with getting into this game. I'm the one who usually has the worst luck.
They are using Hamachi and a MacBook to run the servers
Im still totally amazed at how blizzard can just dump 3 maps , 2 new heroes and add a 2 to the title and the que instantly goes from 1 to >40000. People really don't have anymore expectations from gaming.
Actishitzion Shitzzard at its best releasing another Shitpiece (don't deserve even the word masterpiece)
Blizzard: "do you guys not have waiting?"
Why do people play crap games?
R34 artists rushing to draw smut of the overwatch 2 logo: 🏃
At least it's not nack
The worst part which hardly anyone is talking about is the fact the game you bought and could actually play no longer exists and is replaced with this garbage. Also, they want to control what type of mobile phone plan you have... Wtf. Get fucked blizzard. I'm done with you.
I got 50K baby lets go XD
i remember watching overwatch 1 videos from dunky years ago… feeling nostalgic rn
Please help everyone decided too steal your meme and video and its already unfunny.
I really hoping he was gonna make fun of the fact you have to get the battle pass to unlock the new ppl
bro can make hundreds of thousands of dollars in like three and a half minutes of footage and max 2 hours of editing lmao
Best review xD
I don't think my pc could handle this, the graphics on that white 2 on the orange rectangle might just set my entire setup ablaze
I hear the European version has a special bonus mode.
This video completes me.
Overwatch 2 is definitely one of the games ever made 👏
I love modern video games.
This puts Sonic 06 and GTA 5 loading screens to shame
I get Anthem flashbacks opening OW2 :( If anybody even remembers Anthem lol
Switch to Asia server = no queue
Log in problems aside, the game is so much fun tho
Dunkey managed to grasp the entirety of the Overwatch 2 experience in only 3 minutes and 13 seconds, constantly amazed at his ability to be the hero we truly needed
Loadverwatch 2. That's what we'll dub this game's launch period as.
100% relatable. Was playing on my ps5 and I thought.. why don't I just play this on my computer! 4 hours later
This game will rival Gex in not being able to be played.
Watching this video while waiting in queue is so surreal to me. love you dunkster
Ok guys we've had our laughs but remember they suffered two unprecedented ddos attacks that made their servers totally unplayable except if you're a streamer or also if you get randomly blessed by the blizzard gods. Its not their fault they'e one of the biggest developers in the industry and one who has run the biggest online games for decades and still couldn't set up decent servers for an online-only game's launch.
Buy MedMen Stock In the Morning! Biden just Pardoned Federal Marijuana prisons! This stock going to go up Fast!! Set your Family up for Life. Buy MMNFF STOCK NOW....
I gave up
I love at 3:14 where Dunkey says "ITS MORBINWATCH TIME!!" then vampires the hell out of it.
You can’t fool me Dunkey. You qued for damage but the gameplay you showed, you were playing Zarya. Unsubscribed.
I knew Dunkey was gonna go in on the server issues and he did not disappoint
funny on this is trending XD
Still more gameplay than Earth2.
thanks, Blizzard, now I have a whole new appreciation for Splatoon's solid and reliable network
"OW2 loading screen is the Dark Souls of loading screens." -some IGN journo
god I hate that these companies refuse to let people use private servers, they would rather you wait for 10hours in a queue
It’s cool they let you play Overwatch 1 as a minigame in between matches.
Overqueueue
We all knew exactly how this video would play out once we saw that loading screen
Play tf2
This game is called Overwatch for a reason. Like every game, we have to sit there and watch.
I'll just hop in a match of OW1 while I queue.  Oh wait...
I am watching this in The Overwatch 2 queue right now
comedy genius
I should have listened.
I liked the part where He finally did all the loading and loaded all over the bad guys.
Look at the time. It was posted Yesterday. Now look at the likes. Boom. Donsly is a master at getting veiws and likes
I’m just going to watch this video while I’m in que
Hey i get 900 everytime, guess i'm the better gamer
This gives the phrase "lock and load" a whole new meaning: by locking characters behind a battle pass and loading for the entirety of your day.
reported
My favourite part is the cancel button
Big oof on that, how could they have not had enough servers ready to go on launch that should have been easy.
Can they just add a minigame during the queue campaign where it's like the dinosaur hopping over trees when you lose internet, but instead have it be Kaplan hopping over all the Dinoflask edits.
I didn't know I had to que for the game, and to my dismay, I had to wait for a wopping **checks notes** 600 people in front of me!!  Still took 40 minutes.
Eat your heart out, Kojima.
This game is very popular with the British. Love a good queue.
0 out of 10 the game doesn't work
Overwatch players watching a loading screen: "what am I doing with my life"
Best battle royale I've ever played
My laptop had a drive error while trying to load this video and it was an hour before I could actually watch it.
thanks for spoiling the game bumkey now im gonna go get mad at you on twitter and cry about it
Overwatch 2?  More like I'm over watching this load screen...... too....   Game is a mastapeese
Blizzard sucks
it couldn’t beat knack 2 tho
...
The fact you need a phone number to play the game too fucken boggles my fucking mind
Classic Blizzard! Keeps the brand...
People still play overwatch?
Onlywatch 2
Imagine waiting so much just to play a copy of a previous game.
Haha, perfectly accurate review of the game! :')
How tf is tf2 a more uncared for and unupdated game compared to ow 2, and still somehow manages to run worse
The fact that the story plot twists like that, just from queue to next level queue as a gag to old overwatch players and then about to dissapoint me with all that mindless shooting, there it is again the queue. I guess shooting as long as it is done with moderation it can be a good way to break the monotony of the queue.
Incredible.
I really appreciate the TRUE games journalism here. Not like those streamers that get priority queue into a game ahead of everyone else and drop their bezos boxes.
Man I loved the new hit game Overwatch Queue
Overguy 2
Overwatch 2 really makes u feel like you're waiting in a line with 40000 people ahead of you
Hello people this is Jeff bozos speaking here at "INSERT GAME DEVELOPPEMENT STUDIO" we created the PERFECT gaming experience called LOADING 69 it's a game WHERE you watch A LOADING BAR " clap in the distance" Yes i KNOW very exiciting for the mere price of 69.69 euro  HAVE FUN kids
Finally someone speak truth, sheesh all of the other uploading content as if this game loads
ah yes, blizzard's union busting distraction
I finally got into the game last night, played Junker Queen, got an achievement, then the game kicked me out
This is my life
They did get DDOS'd to shit
Bring MCREEE BAck :3
you live in 3000
BigMode and Blizzard finally clash in the long awaited Drama Mondays!
Y'all just mad this is the biggest fps ever released. I'm glad they added a battle pass so I can get every thing while the poors get free poo poo stuff. Blizzard has had my money for years and will continue to do so.  OW2 is literally the best game I've ever played.
I used to play this game years and years ago.  Don't you guys remember the Diablo 2 launch?
Overman 2 Winston's revenge
i do love how they just drop you into a new game automatically without you have to go through a bunch a menus, shows blizz really cares about the player's time.  10/10!!
When is Starcraft 3 coming out?
Overwatch 20000
Don’t forget the 8 month grind to buy ONE legendary skin!
wait until he sees WotLK queues
They say it’s a ddos attack
Dunkey finally discovered how it feels to be a fan of blizzard game
epic
Overwatch 2? More like Overwatch: Free to Play Update
I think they should add minigame like a snake or floppy bird during waiting
At least it’s free though right right
It's loading screen simulator according to a AAA company
it's actually embarrassing how abominable these servers are, like 40,000 people is literally ALL it takes? 100 million people played Call of Duty Warzone in May 2021 alone.
My god this game is a mess
MUITO LEGAL
"The world could always use more loading screens" - Tracer
Did it go bigmode?
utmost excitement i miss the old overwatch, and my old teammates, and my old time
Damn the talent here, he can even make a loading screen fun.
this game has league of legends syndrome, 50% winrate no matter what you do, might aswell flip a coin to get a better kick, has 50% winrate too, no matter what you do
If it only worked.  Currently a huge waste of time.
DDos + Activison UNITE! 40k
Ohhh, it's a loading simulator! I get it! That's why they put in so little effort.                             Can you say "Modern Gaming"?
wdawfw
Took them 3 years to come out with a Patch, labeled it overwatch 2 and the game is broken. Truly legendary work being done over there at blizzard.
Does anyone know the upbeat trumpet song that dunkey uses in his videos? I can't find it
his best work to date
God OW2 is such a shit show
I almost won a match of the loading screen as well. My starlink cutout for like 3 seconds tho and I had to start over
Just been a few hours and it's looking like it's definitely one of the games of all time
WHy would you go right to competitive? lol
A brand new video game genre. Blizzard is the most innovative game dev in the world.
HAHAHA got into the game first time today!! but server issues aside tho, this a fun ass game
Skill issue
If you like Overwatch 2 I'd suggest the Sonic the Hedgehog game that came out in 2006.
best watch since the apple watch
Overwatch 2 really makes you feel like a loading screen.
Welcome to Overwatch Copy and Paste version
WTF where is my STORY MODE i pair 40 DOLLARS for ????????????????
Such a big queue to play reskinned overwatch with a battle pass instead of the old loot box leveling system
What a joke honestly
its like waiting for your number to called in the counter
Thanks Winston
I guess he didn't try to play classic WoW. The wait times for that were 8 hours. the wait time for overwatch 2 is like 30 minutes usually
GTA Online was game of the year by comparison
As soon as I say the queue screen I knew what this was going to be and I love it
Great game.  It’s like getting one shot by Widow over and over again.
This video won't make sense in a month.
Can we expect anything less from Blizzard these days? 10/10 would recommend to someone else to waste their time and money on.
XD
Set your region to EU has been best for me
I love you Dunkey. Your content feeds me. I must have more. Just like my addiction to Knack. I love Knack. Still waiting for Knack 3.
Just play Gundam Evolution or paladin instead
I like this game the design is very human
"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life."     -John 3:16 God gave us his only son Jesus Christ who Lived a sinless Life then died on the cross to endure our punishment, he rose again on the 3rd day and is currently seated at the right hand of God the Father Almighty.   We have all sinned against the Perfect and Holy God that gave us Life, we all deserve the Punishment of Hell for our sin/rebellion against him.  We have all Broken the Moral Law in our Hearts, even if you don't believe in Jesus, or have never heard of him or the Law of Moses or the Bible, you are still sinful and on your way to Hell. But the GOOD News is that Jesus Christ took our sin upon himself by being Crucified and shed his Blood as payment for our Sins.   He took our Punishment and gave us his reward of Eternal Life in Heaven  Jesus is returning to Judge the world soon my Friends Please Repent and believe in his sacrifice and Love for you, believe in him as your Lord and Saviour, and you shall be saved.   May God Bless you all, Maranatha.
This game has been not skill based is more waiting in queue and getting dc based
Love their fake queue.  Somehow there are always 40k in queue from the start?   When I tried to login it was 200 and it kept failing and putting me back in “queue” at 200.  Perhaps they decided 40k was too high for the fake queue number?
The most impressive part to me still is i was expecting garbage and yet im still dissapointed AND i cant even go back to the old game if i wanted to
I can't believe there are at least 40,000 people that still give Blizzard their money.
Donkey you gotta sponsor my new game, it's called "loading" and what it does is shut off your wifi for 48 hours and calls customer service on every phone in your house
Oh overwatch…
A masterclass of a review for Blizzards overall game design.
Minor correction; some specialty fortnite modes can have up to 200 players.
Loadin loadin loadin loadin 🎶
If you like this, you should try the OG Loading Screen Simulator
Best gameplay ever.
After seeing his review of the beta I was waiting on this XD did not disappoint
this gameplay is so epic
commenting to appease the algorithm
i knew before clicking this video that he was never getting in to a match
Pre order now!
"oh wait, there is shooting... Oh this is just overwatch 1"💀
Overwatch 2: queue simulator. This game will be huge in the UK
This gameplay actually drew inspiration from Hades. Specifically how he made Sisyphus spend eternity rolling a boulder up a hill only for it to roll back down and make him start over, never to reach the top.
really thought he was gonna need to refind 8 games, because people would disconnect every beginning off the match
I stopped playing Overwatch when it forced me to use an app just to play
I feel like Dunkey was able to film, edit, and record 90% of this while in queue. Overwatch 2 really catering to content creators
Truly revolutionary
Meet the new boss, same as the old boss
Last I check. It’s still 40 people still in Que
This is a load-stranding type game, very innovative from blizzard
Lol
The very first queue type game
does anyone know the outro song?
Winston was the only character I didn't care about...
Never forget what Blizzard did to their employees and their customers   They deserve the ddos and much more
This game really makes you Overwatch... the menu
OMG OW2 is soooo broken😂😂😂
overwatch2 more queue less boogaloo
Overqueue 2
I fucking died laughing
Now Dunkey, what you said about the orange box with the number 2 in it might be referencing could be correct. I still think it is a reference to "The Orange Box" released by valve sometime ago. The Orange box included classics such as the Half-Life series, the Portal Series, and Team Fortress 2.
Blizzard got DDOSd if you didnt know lol chill.. the queue isnt real. You could play this whole time on eu or asia but its fixed now. Also winston still exists? Its still the same dang game however. But new maps and characters. So I'll take it.
this is like waiting in a queue to play overwatch 1
To be honest i didn't experience any of this, i was smarter and just didn't download that trash
Blizzard somehow keeps lowering the bar with every new piece of info or experience their fans get. Overwatch 2 was already awful but they further fucked it up, somehow, on the most basic scale ever. I'm expecting their servers to spontaneously combust at this point and take all their games with them because no one kept a copy anywhere else. And because of this the CEO will personally torture every single employee. I'm not joking.
I just *have* to ask at this point: how long are the loading times actually ? Like how much do you spend from the moment you open the til you get into a match ?
It’s still better than the other FPS games even in this state 😂
This is like loading the water at Jerry Garcia’s house - Gex
This game really makes you FEEL like you're waiting in line behind 30000 people.
The best thing about Overwatch 2 is that I got to uninstall Overwatch a second time. Just new skins and two new heroes. Gameplay hasn't changed a bit.
False information, he didn't sign in like 3 times before restarting the game and waiting in queue again
I don't think westerners are ready for this new type of game.
Currently waiting in the queue while watching
this is the first disneyland-line type game!
the only true watch type game out there
my video just broke YouTube
Just another disappointment from modern day Blizzard. They really are useless.
This game is just a queue simulator
Ooooooooh, so that's why it's called Overwatch. You overwatch the loading screen!
Blizzard is trash!! Blizzard had its servers hacked but this huge company should have a anti-hack system in place!!!   Overwatch 2 won’t even work!!!
Keep Sleeping samurai  we still at 40000
lmaooo spot on tho, I find it hilarious and sad at the same time that they released a "new game" "overwatch 2" but it's just overwatch with some updates. It's a strategic re launch because their player base died significantly and they needed to revive it.
Blizzard doesn’t give a shit
It used to be that you could only queue after clicking into some buttons and selecting a Role. But OW2 has really ramped things up, and put players in the thick of the queueing action from the get-go!
See if Blizzard had just come to BigMode for publishing this wouldn't have happened.
Oof
Thank goodness I’ve never been into shooters
Best part of this video was when the algorithm inexplicably put an Overwatch 2 commercial at the end and played it in a lower resolution despite a solid connection.  I'm not even making this up. It was amazing. I had to come back and check it wasn't part of the video. Excellent setup for the algorithm to slam dunk the game.
You see, in it's use of loading screens both before the "match" and then a loading screen after that one, and then  mid match taking you back to the first loading screen Blizzard has achieved a new level of a strand-type game. Very ground breaking
i loved when videogamedunkey showed up and said " its dunkin time" and dunked all over this game
I thought this game was out for years.
queue simulator 2023
Skill based matchmaking doesn't even let you log in if you're not good enough to play it
loads game. figures out you have to buy battlepasses for heroes instead of buying the game.  uninstalls overwatch and battlenet.
The worst part is that this could have actually been a real game with 30 new heroes that would’ve been like the next big thing (again) but they don’t want that. They want minimal work, maximum profit. Smh
Dunkey be having me dead 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
The way I got in is switching to Europe servers and you get in like instantly
So just play overwatch 1 or even better don't play ovwrwatch at all.
Honestly it really is sad that you wait forever, can't even play Overwatch 1 instead, and when you finally DO get to play, it's the same damn game you had last week, but you get a few new characters, some skins, and a UI update and they call it a brand new game.... that plays 100% exactly like the old game bc there's not even a bunch of new maps or anything.
Can somebody explain why every videogame company is remaking thier old games ? Capcom:resident evil4 Sony:the last of us part1 Ea:dead space  Blizzard:overwatch2 a remake of overwatch1 Activision:cod mw2 remake Rockstargames: gta trilogy ... and the list goes on.
Wow that was lots of fun 🤓
I'm getting tired of watching paint dry, so could you release the full review? Thanks
The brilliant minds at Blizzard did it again, the all new "Loading Simulator".
Took me 1hr to load in last night. Started a bot game just to test things out. Was disconnected 30sec in and never reconnected. It's funny to me how ToF had a smoother launch than this lmao
Man that logo sure is nice, a lot of games nowadays don’t really pay enough attention to their logo but I’m glad that ow2 really paid attention to that
Thank you for bombing this shit game
Kinda crazy to see Blizzard fuck up so much with servers with both huge queues in WoW and Overwatch.
It's sad to see how far Blizzard has sunk.
Blizzard just a small indie company, they can’t afford big servers , cut them some slack guys
Very kind of them to include the free prototype fps dlc after you beat the main campaign. Might take them a couple of years, but I know they’ll turn it into something truly playable
Overwatch giving me enough time to get my Master's Degree and start a family while waiting in queue. Can't wait to show my son how to play Winston in 2032.
In overwatches next update I hear they are removing the exit to desktop button from the main menu!
Dunkey is a gift thay keeps on giving.
So glad I had to spend money to play the beta version that I could only play for 2 days before account error, which gives me all sorts of rare doodahs that I won’t even use anyways because I’m STILL waiting for the stupid PvE mode, which isn’t coming until next year and will almost certainly be paygated. 😃
Dunkey is my favorite Pro Genji player.
It has a little waiting for everyone ign 10/10
people just arent gonna understand an uninstall-immediately type game so of course theres haters
That part that upset me the most was the FPS that interrupted my loading experience.
2.1m +  niceeee!
wotlk classic experience
This is the most honest piece of media out there for this game
WHER WINDSTON?!
🌠✨QUALITY CONTENT✨🌟
overbotched 2
this is the worst game ever
That is the reason for me to NOT buy modern games, or any computer games at all...
I got a Fortnite add for this
I remember back then I was obsessed with overwatch and this was at its peak, and so much fun and modes.      Did you really expect me to say something good about 2?
you sir have some serious dedication, i would have said fuck this im out after 20 minutes of waiting lol
Nice
Queue Simulator
Can't even play the game because they won't accept my phone number. It's not even prepaid so i assume they just don't like my provider or smth. Great job blizzard, 10/10. Enforcing a rule that inherently cuts out a bunch of people from even playing the game.
Hahahahahahahahahhahahha it was very good
Blizzard is the worst
Looks like Game of the Year right there.
Currently on a 200 queue, I might get my first win!
After years of maintaining one of the most popular MMORPGs Blizzard still doesn't know how to launch a multiplayer game.
Oh well... Scream Fortress has arrived so I'll get by just fine.
so i went to youtube while waiting for que to overwatch 2 my que whos only 500 i watched the video and then it whos at 300. fitting video too for que waiting :D
wow so ahead of its time
they actually beat Anthem in loading screen simulation tbh
So it’s only a 8/10, a little something for everyone?
Fucking brilliant dunk
The fact Blizzard thinks there's 40000 people playing this lost cause is a joke in itself 🤣
When Soldier 76 kicked down the door and said “don’t forget, I’m homosexual!”, I realized how groundbreaking this game is for the black community.
More like... Stinkywatch 2
A new videogames genre just came out  its called the wait simulator
I love Over-watching this game burn
Bayzed
The first strand-type loading simulator. A masterpiece. They did Kojima proud.
Overgreed 2: "Do you people not have credit cards?
battle passes are a fucking plague. OW was a ton of fun for a long time in no small part because every few games you'd earn a loot crate, and no matter if you played 10 or 1000 games you still had a chance of getting that super amazing epic skin that everyone wanted. Battle passes intentionally turn that into a linear grind that can be achieved only by playing an infinite amount of gameplay or by paying for it.
i havent laughed this hard watching a YT vid in a long time.
I liked the part where he was loadin' all over that 10 000 players!
An SJW ridden TF2 ripoff game with the number 2 on it because it's the same game as the previous one.
Not a great launch....
I didn't have my headphones in when I started watching so I thought it was just 3 minutes of silence and just the loading screen
going all out with their first idle-game i see.
Queue Simulator
After 5 seconds I knew what the joke of the video was going to be. Love Dunk's content.
dont you love the alien gregorian chant in the background tho
Thats why Microsoft bought activision blizzard, they have the same philosophy, to f.. players as much as possible.
Looks about right. Well done blozzard.
The loading is 10/10.  The gameplay is 4/10.  “Would load again” - IGN
always hilarious how these corporate development studios can put like 100,000 man hours into designing gameplay and then fuck up the part that allows players to access the gameplay.
I knew what it'd be before I opened the video. And I love it.
I don't think they could have done better if they tried! 6 out of 5 stars!
Sincerely hope the game burns
Still getting error lol 🤣 rip my soul
I like the new lady's ultimate, the railgun doesn't just kill you, it sends you back into the queue to wait for login.
welcome to ffxiv endwalker launch simulator
I’ve heard this game is really starting to catch on in Britain. They truly are the most passionate about queueing!
🤣🤣🤣 best video ever!
Oh man, Overwatch 2 makes me want to take a number 2...
this game is loaded with content
The loading screen is giving me PTSD from back when New World was a thing. Send help.
I love booting up my ps2 and playing literally any game on it and playing it instantly
"Oh this is just Overwatch 1" my sides.
this is a real video game?
This is why Elden Ring and Cyberpunk are not the best selling game of October.
No wonder the entire development team quit…
i think i speak for everyone when i say... GAME OF THE YEAR HANDS DOWN, NO CAP, ON GOD
now this is a horror game
Overwatch 2 is having a hold my beer moment with the queue times. I tried logging in yesterday and I saw the queue which prompted me to just play something else.  I can’t decide what I enjoy more from dunkey’s videos, the actual video(which is great) or the comment section.
Team Fortress 4 looks awesome
I was at the queue, went down to 20k, and then it went up to 40k. Literally went up.
Ah, good to see that in 20 years of server management, the waiting times are still just as bad
I now see the true reason for Dunkeys move to publishing indie titles.
finally a game I can be on par with everybody. Its been 3 days and I'm still stuck at the loading screen
Lmaoooo
"I can't believe I'm actually IN Overwatch 2 after all these years" - this one got me, I burst out in laughter :D Videogamedunkey, you're a genius :D
lol I only have to wait 200 players
Now GTA started the loading genre, but Overwatch is taking the idea and expanding it.
🤣
That thumbnail 🥵
Damn! This game is so immersive, even at the start of the game you’re already playing the game! 😮      Which is long ass queue times
Im so fucking close only 50 people has left
i can say, this is a true review of OW2
Thank god they waited until after hispanic culture month to drop this amazing queue-type gameplay. People would have forgotten we even existed.
It doesn’t make sense for people to have payed $60 for a game that cant be played and has now been “upgraded” to a free to play game for all. They should at the very least give you the first battle pass for free if you bought the game. I bought this thing twice and merged those accounts. Now I’ve officially payed $120 and have no game to prove for it or go back to, just a free to play OW2.
Still holding on the queue to see if the developers actually killed the cowboy for realsies
Game of the year edition
Waiting for this video to load, you've outdone yourselves Activision
i cant even start the game...
Blizzard is trash should award us with some skins after this mess.
Why do we even play games?
Imagine dunky played wotlk classic pm grobulus
Yeah overwatch loading screen
Argh! Imagine a video on your game being 2nd trending for gaming for all the wrong reasons.
Game has been working fine for me.
*this is the prime example on why we need BIGMODE as a company* 1. OW2 is a game owned by Blizzard, which is owned by XBOX, which is owned by Microsoft 1a. There's absolutely zero excuse about this launch and the lack of resources that there was for this launch 2. Apart from the ddosing the game actually launched with four major problems that players were facing 2a. Players on console linking their PC accounts VIA the OW1 merge feature caused all players who bought the $40 watchpoint pack to not receive any of their content 2b. Server queue times and Game disconnections. 2c.Players losing all cosmetics/ingame progress, Players having to unlock everyone even though they owned Overwatch 1 2d. On PC aimming feels off for some reason and not as responsive as it should for some players.  3. WHY DO WE HAVE TO UNLOCK THE DAMN NEW CHARACTERS, I HAVE BOUGHT THE WP PACK $40 AND PURCHASED OW1 ON 2 seperate occassions FOR THE SAME ACCOUNT! Mark my words everybody is going to say this launch is worse than cyberpunks  Conclusion It almost seems like blizzard is trying to intentionally kill this game, apart from having to unlock everybody from a fresh new account, personally in my opinion if you don't have access to everybody you're not playing OverWatch you're not playing the game that the developers meant for you to play you're playing some, Corporation greed filled money grabber bs  THIS IS WHY WE NEED BIGMODE, and anybody who's hating on Dunkey for f****** trying to actually save the video gaming industry, can honestly get on their hands and knees and suck blizzard and Xboxes COQ!
The most intense moment I've had so far was when the player count actually dropped to zero for me. And then it told me I had to add my phone number, even though I had already done it. After this side quest it made me reload the game and there I was back in the spot with 30 000 players ahead of me. The replay value of this game is just something else.
This game needs u to watch the menu screen damn the same as the title "overwatch"
The best game is the one you don’t have to play
Wow....      still better than Valorant?
This vídeo is gold
And if your phone plan is through metro, boost, mint, etc. you get even less, nothing actually!
My favorite part is when Winston said “It’s loading time” and then loaded all over the place.
Everyone is trying to reduce load times in games, blizzard saw an opportunity there and made a fully loading game. Visionary.
See, this type of game would never fly, if the publisher was someone good! Like BigMode!
A fun hidden detail is that the 2 is actually a nod to how many online servers there are.
It's time to Overwatch the load screen
Truly overwatch 2 is the newest strand-type game... Cuz you're fucking stranded waiting to get into the game
Overwatch 1 + 1
Queue simulator
It’s funny, they had working servers before. Why dont they use the OW1 servers? Wouldn’t that solve the whole issue?
This is the moment Overwatch became Overwatching. Bravo Vince.
it's a wait-type game, a whole new genre
99% Loading Screen, 1% Actual Game. Blizz really went all out for this game.. lol
If a game doesn't have a join sim part i'm not interested.
Not funny.
good gaming
I had no idea Overwatch 2 was going to be free-to-play, I was minding my own business, enjoying Overwatch 1 for years until last night, when it updated itself to Overwatch 2, now all my progress is gone and I haven't played a match yet. I don't even have anything funny to say about it 🥲
This is hilarious, thanks dunk.
I actually think it's pretty cool that they included the entirety of Overwatch 1 as a minigame in this.
Server breakdown server breakdown
waiting simulator 2
2:39 sounds nothing like you lmao
I learned with Diablo 3 to never ever buy anything Blizzard ever again, really enjoying that decision.
This man never misses.
When is Overwatch 3 coming out? This looks epic
Lmaoo u nailed it best review
its the same shit. Can't believe how many people are falling for Blizzard's crap again. It's literally the same game and people shit on fifa and cod.
I get it you Overwatch the loading screen. Clever title.
it's avant-garde gameplay
I got 40000 problems but a Que aint one!
Kiriko is cute 🦊
Not to brag but im probably one of the best players in the game. Everytime i get into the game, im about 1000 players behind and get into 1st position in like 10-15 mins
It really is the most game of game
“I bet this is gonna be a video about the long queue times.”  This did not disappoint at all
Im watching this while waiting for the numbers to drop
Op
Overwatch 2, more like Overwatch Queue 😂
Sweet can't wait for all the rule34
DOA Game
Gameplay to me is actually pretty fun queues are shit
This is a damn shame. Seriously. Sorry Overwatch fans. We all deserve better from the gaming industry.
Im just over watching the game load
The loading experience is a bit janky, I hope Blizzard can iron out the bugs soon
Dunkey has this way with games that no one else can have. When he said “overwatch 2” it really felt like I was in queue for “overwatch 2” (a game I would never play because I’m an adult). And when Dunkey was at line number 10,000, I felt that. I felt it in my bones. Thank you dunkey, my bones are better.
gaming has come so far. from the simplistic idea of tetris and pong to this, we witness decades of evolution. Blizzard can be truely proud.
Queue simulators are my favorite genre
Peak comedy
They couldnt have given us snakegame or solitaire while we wait?
I am sorry I had 40000 everytime ahead of me. Someone was lucky 😅😂
Lmao. Had me at, no maps. No shooting 😂😂
I really hate that people are defending it like “Oh its launch day, if course it wont work.” Remember when Halo 3 released, and there were no issues connecting to multiplayer? What happened to those days?
My favorite part of the game is when you sit in a queue for 24 hours
It’s cool to see blizzard have their take on a strand-type game where they leave you stranded on a queue for 9 hours.
How is a company worth billions not able to buy servers...
Meanwhile gundam evolution is a breath of fresh air
gUyS iTs BeCaUsE oF tHe DdOs!1!
Overwatching the queue screen over and over and over 😂
Top 1 overwatch player
Almost like he hasnt played an online game on release, peak comedy
They really outdid themselves with this one. Fortnite, take a number, back of the line.
This patience-based souls-like mechanic really seems like a revolution in Watch games
What's the name of the song at the end pls?
Overwatch 2 more like ... overwatch... poo
Blizzard launch game yasssssssss
The perfect video doesn't exis-
Curious if they're going to sign up for a BIGMODE approval
It's one of those 'video games as art' games. Sort of like Shadow of the Colossus and Journey. Mastapiece.
I can’t believe people were defending this game because it became 5v5, like that would fix everything. Blizzard literally killed this game right in front of us and no one had a choice. I miss OW1 already
Get a load of this guy
The season 1 skins are going to be worth millions after that kind of a launch. No one would be able to get it because no one can play the game
Brilliant
#2 on Trending! XD XD XD XD XD
#2 on trending let’s get this mastahpiece to #1!!!!!
You’d think they’d give like a grace period of a month before shutting Overwatch 1 down so they could iron this shit out. Oh well.
30000 people played at launch? That's thousands more than I expected.
Battle royale 🤣
Overwatch 2? More like, I'm-so-over-watching-this-too...
There is a special place in hell for people who buy blizzard games.  But if you want to find out what it's like to urinate rusty iron Lego pieces go right ahead.
After years of getting Overwatch in a relatively balanced state where you can interchange established metas, Blizzard looked at their progress so far and said,   Fuck that, rework everyone and slap a 2 on that bitch
Ow2 loading simulator
A thrilling experience with this revolutionary ingenious and brilliant idea of making a 30k player Battle Royale. With this game, you can feel the dedication and respect they have towards every person that engaged themselves in committing to this purchase. Obviously, it also come with the transcending feature of giving newcomers a chance to shine by giving some handicaps to those that have more chance of reaching the goal of being Number 1. A truly life changing adventure.
When overwatch said it’s queuin time I lost my mind everyone went crazy
This new BIGMODE release looks promising!
Ow 2.0 tbag reborn
Queue Simulator 2022
This video is already outdated (at least for me). It's also common for a newly released online game to experience "queue times".
This brings back memories from Anthem
Blizard eat shi*t again WOW!!!! And call Azov nazis WOW!!!
Golden
ur dumb just use eu servers
Truly one of the games of all time!
Are you feeling a sense of pride & accomplishment yet???
Just uninstalled it, same shit as Overwatch except it's a fuckton of wating in login q , only thing they put a 2 there is to justify it being free to people who payed for Overwatch 1. 1/10 literal same shit .
You're watching over the player queue so in a sense its very thematic to the game.
I like this new genre I think we need to see more games like this
This game's level of artistry and immersion is top notch. Just like how you must load and reload your gun, you must also load the game and even reload. Truly excellent design, pulling all aspects together.
I remember when dunkey used to only upload once every while, but he transitioned as it wasn't going too well. I'm glad that everything worker out!
2:58 hilarious 😂
Can't agree about the logo. The "2", consisting of two halves, would have been a total bitch to spray paint correctly.
you Winston you Loseston, as the saying goes, truly one of the sequels ever made
i'm just gonna wait for overwatch 3 now. its probably gonna be good
Idk donkey whenever I played i just took like 2 or 4 minutes to play
Guys, we must give a chance for this indie game company!.
YEP.  I witnessed my 5v5 turn into a 3v4 because 3 people d/c'ed.  And then I d/c'ed myself.
The waiting is part of the experience dunk. You’re missing the fun here.
Forget about "rooollling, rooollling rooollling"  Now its just "loaddding, looadding, looaadding"
Cant wait to play this new update for a game i bought 6 years ago. Whats that? I cant even play because of my mobile service provider? Oh well fuck me and the countless others, right? Fuck blizzard. Dead company.
So when I first watched this, the audio didnt play and I felt it was on purpose. Really let the gameplay speak for itself, but then on rewatch it had audio. Equally as funny.
those who like anime quizzes please visit my channel kurossnime and don't forget to subscribe
Huh
I can't believe Dunkey got to play the game for 9 hours before getting dunked on.
The sequel ever.
making content off of DDOS
I'm glad they finally digitised the queue to see the Queen's coffin
Hello dunky this was a good video, it was funny and fresh. I tell you this cuz I love U but I think you've been lacking a bit recently, but this was good.
do more logo reviews PLEASE DUNKEY PLEASE
U actually managed to get in. Good Job. I'm yet to see the in-game menu.
With the forty thousands coming up constantly,all I can say "in the grim darkness of the server,there is only waiting"
This game makes you feel like a nice orange rectangle logo which is very creative.
Overwatch that did not lie, a sequel to overwatch which makes you watch more by adding the word "over" makes it really a thing.
It's like PathOfExile when a new league is launched.
50000 people used to live here and now…they’re still here
Jokes aside, I'm having a lot of fun playing it. I'm new to the franchise, and I'm very resistant when it comes to microtransactions, so the game is good for me from a gameplay perspective
on the right I see a recommended video from Dunkey 1 year ago "Don't be Doo Doo", does this qualify as doo doo?
30000 players still waiting in a fucking queue
“Overwatch Queue”
Man the most I missed was the Winston intro… at least make a new one which I can watch 3000 times everytime I try to log in
That's a clever ruse to get you out of the room so they can boot you in a game and farm free kills.
i never watched Over 1, there was too much shooting and hanzo and toxicity for my taste, but with this new shift in genre, I think i could watch Over 2 for years to come
Dam bro so sorry. If it makes you feel any I wasn't that far at 2000.
This is genius, I love you Dunkey.
After playing 2 games I wanted to go back in the que where it was fun
I actually enjoy it.
imagine living in 2022, already knowing that the queue times in huge games are inevitable and still complaining about it and only about it. i hate blizzard but the queue times is not the problem lmao.
You didn't mention how ugly the orange is compared to the old orange. Very displeased :(
I want to go back to the 48 hour window of time where neither Overwatch was online and thus did not exist
this is the first time i've played an overwatch game, and its way more exciting than dunkey predicted. 10/10 makes you feel like tracer
we truly live in a society
Comedy Gold.
certified GOTY <3
It is absolutely ridiculous that you have to queue for an FPS game. People accept this shit? People should be able to host their own servers so blizzard is not in the loop of that part of the game at all. What fucking cancer modern gaming has become.
I think it was really bold of them to introduce that new Wallet character that you have to use to get the other characters. The game play is so interesting, it's like a number-based puzzle game and you have to find the right combination to be able to redirect to your bank account and unlock the fox girl.
Btw, if someone wondered, that 30000 -> 0 then -> 40000 is not a fake, i've experienced that too yesterday.  It's because you get a server error/response at 0 and then reset back to the 40000 again. ffs.
Overwatch 2 because the game is watching over your computer for the game 2 happen gottem
this game is already a masterpiece, it teaches the players a valuable lesson, patience!
Wait can we get a refund for OW1 since they alt+f4 the game hmmm
lookehdet
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣Dunkey is an idiot 🤣🤣🤣. Potg right there
Blizzard is is championing the queue simulator genre. Last title holder, New World.
This is accurate.
Everything spot on except actually getting in the game part
When lining up in government agencies is not enough. You get to queue online as well! Amazing!
I love it when overwatch say the iconic line "it's overwatchin time" in the game , truly the first overwatch type game absolute masterpiece
You know what *P A I N* is?  When you get hit with the "sign in" stuff on console after waiting what felt like 2 hours but was actually an hour and change, (I was on Xbox, being a previous OW1 player too with countless hours) setting everything up getting to the main menu and seeing *NONE* of your stuff there. In my understandable but naive state of unhappiness to the situation in front of me, I decided to hit the "change user" button to see if relogging into my gamertag would remedy the problem.  *This... was a terrible mistake.* Upon hitting said prompt, the Xbox guide showed up with my 2 profiles, selected my main (which was already selected but, fuck me?) And to my horror and disbelief I was returned to the "press start" screen of the game never to be able to return to the game's main menu since... I got to touch OW2's menu for a grand total of about 23 seconds. Thus concluded my ever so short lived time with OW2. This was a day ago. (Oct.5 early morning). After countless tries of attempting to get in again I haven't been so fortunate since... I give this game a: jar of have eaten peanut butter/ outta 10. Shout out to my boy Winston. You deserved better.
This is actually one of my all time favorite Dunkey videos.
I never thought that watching a loading screen in youtube can be so entertaining 🎉😂
if only they could fix it
Remember when launch Overwatch was a modern tf2 clone... add 20 new classes, focus on competitive, manipulative lootboxes and slap a 2 at the end you get a modern tf2 and non of the good parts.
Fun fact, the "FREE GUY" is based on the story of Blizzard's unauthorized claim to launch Overwatch 2.
This is truly one of the sequels out there
Blizzard: well if people don't want lootbox gambling then maybe they'll like FUCKING LOGGIN IN GAMBLING
Overwatch 2 really is one of the queues of all time
I was looking forward to this video infinitely more than Overwatch 2.
Is this the next step in the evolution of Strand type gameplay?
Masterpieceee!
Wow, after playing it .... a major downgrade from the original. Wtf blizzard - Mechanically and technically it is so much worse than before !!!!!!!!
From waiting in role queue to waiting at the home screen truly innovative
truly one of the games of all time
Come on guys, you cant get upset at the game. It’s called Overwatch 2 for a reason, you have to Over Watch the queue in the title screen for 2 long. The title describes the game perfectly, it’s your fault for thinking it would be something it isn’t.
Donkey's ultimate is Charging!.... Ready!! IN QUEUE: 7.23 M persons ahead of him
Tbf, poor Blizzard is only an indie company and can't afford the servers. They can't hope to compete with other multiplayer games like WoW.
This truly is a game.
f̷̩̜͚̤͇͔̿̋̓̐͜͝͝e̷̞͍̲̜̔̃́͝e̷̠̭͎̽̂̾̕d̷̛͈͓͉̮̦͔̼͈̳͔͙͊͌̌̊̔̏̊͂̔̚̚t̸̢̛̤̰̯͕͊̀̈́̈͛́̈̒̓͝͝h̴͖̠̱̝̣̼̩͕̥̭̜͊̍͗̋͛̾͋̌̍̒̓̍͝ę̴̛̯̮̰͖̝͎̼͎͙̼̻̻̺̈́͒̈́͐͂̔͒͘͠â̵̬̰͍̾̉ĺ̸̞͌̐͐̉̑̐̓͒̎̊̈͘͝g̸̛̩̥͌͋̌̊̑̌̈̓͝õ̴̡̯̥͔͓̙̪͓̫͓̞̞̣̜͓̅̀̑̉̒̋̇̄̐̋͝r̸̨̤̤̔̆̍͌̾̈́͆́̚͜į̶̨͓̗͚͚̳͉͕͚̝̪̳͍̲͌̈̊͗͛̎͌̌͒̏̒͋͘͝t̶̨̘͕̂̽̀̉͐̈́̎͌̌̿́̆̿h̴̡̥̺̤̳̘̳̜͈̝̤̱̾̐̽m̷͉͊̾̊̽̅́͋͋̍̂̋́̚̕͘
This feels like playing For Honor as Dunkey
I love all the moistcritikal comedy in the comment section
Some people say he is still waiting to this day
the thumbnail sums up his thoughts
Is waiting to play games the new hype? Dam can’t wait for that innovative idea….
Game of the year
Hideo Kojimbo strikes again!
Update your Internet coz we literally out here finding matches and havin fun while there is you looking like a 🤡
Skill Issue dude
Wow, this game and Deathverse: Let It Die both came out within like a week of each other and are having the same damn issues... can't be a coincidence. Is there some next type of server tech that is being rolled out for multiplayer games this fall that is faulty?
Literally the first thing that pops up is the BaTtLepASS. I hate what gaming has become.
the bonus content is garbage too.
lol, that was amazing
So glad to see that Bigmode's first published title, Overwatch 2: A Song of Loads and Queuing, was the critically acclaimed masterpiece we were hoping it to be. This is such a great start for the company, and I can't wait for their next release.
Feels like Kojima helped them with loading system.
What free to play is all about. Satans Bunghole Title Screen.
I mustve played Overwatch original at least twice. Maybe three? Not as confident about that number as I am for two. It sure was a game called Overwatch, alright.
I kind of wish their was a battle royal game whose point was just staying online
As a huge Overwatch 1 fan i personally do not enjoy Overwatch 2....Game just feels weird , like its not the same anymore its too fast paced , too arcade like , graphics are new but more cartoony and not really pleasant . Overall my fave game is no literally does not exist , so i have to play Dota 2....
Cant wait for Overwatch 3!
MASTERPIECE      (imdrunk f
This video speaks truth alone
OverView 2
"Wait this is just Overwatch 1" truer words have never been said. It's just a patch, and not a substantial one, really. It's the 2 years of patches we would have gotten, because they stopped patching 2 years ago.
This might be the worst launch in gaming history
what a wonderful first impression!!
This reminds me of Endwalker xD
bro this video had me dying 😂
We're calling a patch a new game now apparently, the fans of course being the idiots they are eat that shit up.
On my 13th game blizzard decided to lock half my heroes roster, not allowing me to play them without ulocking or buying them. Im not fucking kidding.
Anyone wanna watch a few movies while we wait?
The server issues are just there to distract you from the fact that it's the same game.
Have you ever tried switching the server Asia works the best in my experience
Omg only 30k people ahead of you 😍
You can skip 10 places in the queue for $5.
It was a bold decision to make Overwatch 2 an idle game with no upgrades, but the twist that you're watching a number go down instead of up really sells it.
This game is so experimental that Kojima is crying right now. He'll never be able to create a better loading screen-like.
How do you flop harder than Fallout 69? Or was it Fallout 666?
I was super immersed in Overwatch 2 . Really felt like a true homeless person, the way Blizzard took all my time and stuff away from me. I really said to myself, "I hope all the money and time I invested in OW1 is taken away from me when 2 drops, and that I'll have to wait hours in a queue to find out that's what happened".
plot twist, there was actually a game, it wasn't just a queue that kept dropping everyone's connections and throwing them to the back of the line
song at the end??
I literally got -75% exp penalty because of that shit. I wasted all those big exp bonuses from the challenges to progress on the battle pass faster and it is not even my fault.
@Videogamedunkey - launch the game with the Asia region selected, the loading queues are normal.
i wanna be winston
Why did you say "no winston"?  You really had me going dude. That's fucked up...
Battlefield 2042 has the best lobby simulator in Australia!
Legend says people are still waiting for the queue, Activision should've invented a time machine too with all the movie they milked, oh wait Bobby took most of it.
"The constant shifting in players that are a ahead of you in queue really keeps you on your toes while the brutal waiting times to get into a match will satisfy even the most hardcore gamers." -IGN probably
I like that Videojamedunkey doesn't sell out and actually shows his viewers the real Overwatch 2 gameplay.
Got an ad for Overwatch 2 before this video... it failed to load, genuinely.
This is the longest loading screen I’ve ever seen in gaming history. It’s also the first time I am seeing a Dunkey video with less gameplay.
after 2 hours of a queue i can clearly say this game reminds me of a stevie wonder song. YOU HAVENT DONE NOTHINGGGGGG
im so glad i dont play AAA games :) saves a lot of money
Blizzard should add avatars of people who are in a queue next to you, it will be more realistic, immersive, like you re in a real queue
If you really think about it you've been waiting to play overwatch 2 since you beat overwatch 1
Paladins is honestly the best hero shooter out there now
Anoter unfortunate release from the beginner indie developer. I hope they can catch a break some time.
Blizzard is such a joke. 🤣 They launch the exact same game, but worse. Sorry, I mean, *UNEXPECTED SERVER ERROR*
Who's Blizzard??? All I know of is Sleets
I can't believe blizzard had a crossover with Final Fantasy XIV Endwalker
I SAW YOU IN PLS DONATE
Overwatch 2: Overwatch 1 but with much worse microtransactions
Dunkey never misses
Overwatch 2 is an unprecedented new genre of game in the industry. Heavily UI based battle royale simulator. The closest I can think of on similar games is those football manager games, but this battle royale queue system is refreshingly new. The shooting mini game though is alright I guess. But well done Blizzard
This is truly what Kojima envisioned when he first conceived strand type games
I watched 20s ad before this...
Asmongold gonna react to this for sure with "YEP.  TRUE."
This game really makes your FEEL like you wasted your money.
Wheres tony?
It’s Overwatch, without the Overwatch
no way they put an ow2 ad on this video
You forgot to add the fact that you can't play if your phone number is from a prepaid cell phone carrier.
Amazing job Blizzard 👏  so game much gud
The real joke is that ppl still play this game
Saw the thumbnail was 3 women and immediately knew it was some feminist pc garbage
actually connecting to the game is the hardest part about it, not the gameplay
#1 on Trending for Gaming   Not even close baby
This game is dogshit my stuff is gone.
Overwatch 2 really makes you feel like you over watched the que -8/10 ign
Man blizzard found a way to beat the guys who bought halo out on fastest way to kill off a game I don't know if I even want my money back from those God damn booty ticklers after what came out and knowing where my money went I'd probably rather know that they got fucked so badly in prison that their assholes became a dimensional rift to another reality than get my money back
Blizzard Moment ™
i smell Game of the year
I don't think I've ever laughed so hard at a dunkey vid
That ending was so full of genuine bewilderment and shock and its beautiful.  Truly a masterpiece in game design.
Overwatch 2:  OVERQUEUE EDITION
I've been waiting for this game for 22 years
I think we can all agree without a shadow of a doubt that Overwatch 2 will be one of the games ever made
one of my favorite games of all time also.
200th place -_- smh no victory Royale for this guy
This is a classic stranded type game , you guys just don't get it .
I'm convinced dunky really only played 12 seconds of a match
To quote what a very wise man once said, "It just Works"
I've still not been able to get on XD
the content is very interesting, the interesting point is that you express the emotions, the character's state very well.
It's not the real ow experience without queueing
DUNKEYYYYYYYY
why not try Gundam evolution
Fun fact: if you play on asian servers there is no queue time whatsoever!
First watch type game, where you can only watch, will definitely be a timeless classic
I see "blizzard", I uninstall. Simple. Also I make sure to pay more attention next time to not install shitty crap on my PC in the first place.
Now do one for Wrath Classic
This game really emulates an authentic Disneyland experience with all that queueing!
Dunkey is a comedy genius. I laughed so hard!
How do you enjoy playing video games? 😂
I think overwatch 2 is more of an artistic statement if we really break it down ya know?
Typical 2B2T copy B)
reminds me of sim city
i bet blizzard ddos'd their servers them selves to show everyone the beautiful loading screen
Very strand-type gameplay I see
absolutely love it, the suspence before you get to 0 players ahead of you, heartbreaking knife twisting server disconnects, relaxing and almost meditational waiting on the loading screen - all of this is so ground breaking, a true anthem to minimalism, just one single loading animation, counter, muted grey background and a logo of the game, what a masterpiece!
dont care about game but video good
Blizzard out here continuing to prove that if you're still a fan of their's, you're just asking for it at this point
After 20 sec i knew that the whole video will be the loading screen give me and award right now!
Best gameplay
Asia players: *Pathetic*
I waited for like 2hours and played juste one game which was basically an overwatch match...
You are the Muhammad Ali of video game critics. The prettiest. The greatest of all time.
"When's the game?" "THIS IS THE GAME!"
What do you mean "No Winston"!?
Is it a good franchise?
Small indie developer
blizzard is a small indie company u know, cant afford good servers…
I don't play overwatch, but when I heard the new mode isn't even live yet my jaw dropped. what's new about this game? a couple characters? that could have been added to the first game. . . it looks exactly the same
ign game reviews:
So this is what they all meant when they said "it's time to play the waiting game."
It just works
This is the first Queue type game ever
Splitgate 2.0
More like Loadverwatch
I can’t compare this game to anything of my knowledge 😂 school i guess
I waited in to sign in after it failed twice, it got to the screen where you can sign in via controller, I paused for half a second to start reading and immediately got an error code   Not to mention ROLE QUEUE WHY DOES IT TAKE SO LONG TO GET IN A GAME WHY IS THIS TERRIBLE COMPARED TO THE FIRST OVERWATCH
the loading screen really makes you FEEL like you're overwatch 2
i know this is probably meant as "funny" but alot of people are butthurt about this.. crying over queues for a super hyped game, what you expect?  Its also not so bad,i played all day yesterday after maybe 3 min queue. this will be fixed within a day or two. calm your tits. game is amazing.
I see Blizzard went for a strand-type approach
overwatch 2 is actually an overwatch 1 expansion and blizzard managed to sell the dope idiots the pill =))))
1:14 thought my AirPods was giving out its final sounds
Is that BULLSHIT BLAZING?
Haven’t been able to play with friends for two days now lol
This reminds me of trying to play dauntless on it's open beta release.
You have to que up just to be able to access the game? Like just the main menu and stuff? Wtf?! Why are people even wasting their time with this game? It's just the same game again! Why do y'all tolerate this?
wow your so good this gameplay you have is godly
play gundam evolution
OwO.
Wait 7 hours, play for 7 seconds -- Blizzard 2k22
Overwatch 2 aka Overwatching the loading screen.
It really makes you feel like you’re waiting to play overwatch
You can actually play if you change to the asian servers, it worked for me
Are you telling me you buy this game but still have to wait in line lmao
Look im gonna say it alright?? Cyberpunk 2077 was better on release!
Love this shit just downloaded and sw the queue lmfao 🤣 Leave it to Dunkey!!! You're the best man! Hahahahaha!!!
When watching the Queue and trying to get into the Overwatch 2 is less toxic and more fun than actually playing the game.
Swap to the Asia or Europe servers. You get in instantly for some reason.
"Feels like an exaggerated swagger of a queue line" - IGN
This game makes you feel like erasing all your progress
Kojimas "Load Type" game
Biggest joke is thinking 40,000 people play this game.
A friend asked me to give overwatch 2 a try, when I saw there being a queue I immediately uninstalled. Why would anyone willingly waste their time sitting in a queue instead of playing games? lol
This game really makes you FEEL like Overwatch.  Cuz all you do is WATCH OVER the log-in queue!
Usually when this happens to a sequel you just play the previous game til the severs have less people……blizzard made sure that wasn’t an option
Eh, it's no progress quest, what a let down.
This game makes you feel like Overwatch.
And here I thought the orange rectangle was a nod to thee orange box on steam.
Overwatch 2? More Like Over Watch The Queue
I love the gameplay in this. Very challenging. The boss seems hard though, as soon as you get to 10k, the game gets killed.
"that might be play of the game" absolutely slayed me
ha.... the queu meta is really taking over the game industry
My favourite part of overwatch is the logo
So it's like Majora's Mask, you wait around for 72 hours, only for the game to end.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Fuck blizzard
Coming soon, the game.
It's like they hired Google drop outs to program games
A game ahead of its time
Dunkey didnt even play the rigjt ganemode they have a big team battle where its a 70k-100k battle royal I won of course
Dunkey’s the only person who can make you laugh your ass off at a loadint sceen 😂  The queue is a pain in the ass on PC, luckily I also have a switch and was able to get past the long queue time 😂
Oohhh it became an idle game!
No winston? But i want to play this load battleroyale as winston any other options? To load as?
The game is true to it name lol
as someone with a heart defect( born with an tennis ball for a heart) its really nice of blizzard to have a fun meter detector that disconnects you from the game if you are having too much fun. really great safety feature
im gonna say it guys. Game of the year.
IGN gives it a 7/10 🙌🏻
Truly the best 40 million dollar idle game
Dunkey is the gaming equivalent of "they're so funny they could read the phone book and have the crowd laughing"
Quality gamming. Not a suprise that it made it to trending no1 in gamming
It wasn't going back to 40000, Dunkey just didn't realise it was a racing game and 40000 other players just passed him.
dunking
So many campers man. I'm stuck at 20 players for hours wtf!
Launch so bad I literally bought a $40 dollar game and played it instead out of spite
Overwatch 2 is the darksouls of waiting games!
I can't believe this, this is the best thing to ever happen ever in gaming history. I can't wait to finally play Roblox 2: Infinity War
Best gameplay
It seems Blizzard has challenged themselves by not only making a new video game but turning their entire player base's experience into an episode of Seinfeld.
At least EA let you play the games
I might be in the minority, but I actually prefer this Overwatch patch over the last one.  Previously there was just moving, shooting, and abilities. All that stuff has been done before.  This version has possibly the biggest que I've ever been a part of, it was momentous knowing how many lay ahead yet not truly knowing how many were behind me at any given time. I would exit out of the game the second my turn came just so I could experience it all over again!
another victim of the battle royale crazy
you have to commend blizzard for taking the risk and coming up with a whole new genre.
classic
1.7million 10hours
when dunkey said PHONED it in, prepaid players hurt that one
Overatch 2 : Loading simulator
Was waiting for the iconic, "Connection to server lost", was not disappointed.
Great job Blizzard.👍Maybe next time you can actually make a good game instead of sexually harassing your employees.
so many log ins, sign ups, robot verifications then they ask for mobile verification which I didn't hv near me.. I just deleted the game
Classic blizzard
great vid love u
The subtle "oh it does have shooting this is just Overwatch 1" hahaha
lets not forget when you finally get in and you want the cross save to carry over lol you get the que merging for your cross save LMAO
That’s a quality game 😂😂😂
They took all our feedback and made this beautiful waiting simulator I'm proud of you blizzard keep it up
was hoping it would open like his original overwatch video
Be Nice, Imagine you're the Blizzard employee having to hand type everyone's actions into the commodore 64 server.
Really makes you feeel like you're over watching it
Blizzard should just die, they havent had a good game since wc3
Ya know, I made the exact same joke dunkey made about the que xD
no thanks blizzard
Can't spell watch without Overwatch.
What a joke lol, how can they pass this off as a sequel
something tells me this game isn't getting the BIGMODE seal of approval
W video, take a comment for the algo
Winston? More like Lose-ston, ha! Amirite, gamers?
Now I feel so lucky I can get to PLAY ow2 at its launch day. It seems so many people can't even get connect to the game.
In queue watching this first time...
I had a long, hard day. Thanks for being so damn funny.
YouTube literally put an overwatch 2 ad on this for me. Just………wow. What a misinformed and disconnected from the audience mess the internet is. Congrats, YouTube, your algorithm has played itself.
I like how you have to queue just to get into the menus. That's amazing.
"No shooting or traditional gameplay to be seen" Blizzard's new official slogan.
Is this even an exaggeration? Just waiting in que and by the time I got down to zero the que just restarted....Blizzard really is the worst AAA developer.
i predicted the exact way this video would turn out to the t from second 1 dunkey not funny blud
Tax Office type game?
is it free 2 play or people actually paid to get dicked on like this?
Donkly play tf2 scream fortress XIV just drop.
OW 1: Payload OW 2: No pay only load
Wow, i didn't expect so many action scenes on this video. So thrilling. More than 3 minutes of high end graphics.
it has a little something for everyone
overwatch 2 was Blizzard's brave attempt at a strand-type game. Whether or not they succeeded is up to Kojima I guess.
Never know if your videos are joke or sarcasm. This would be a joke to play..
I could say it is a queue type game
Unprecedented design
The most amazing thing about this game is that more than 30,000 people want to play it.
This game reminds me of online queue to enter my uni server for picking next term subject, except my uni server is faster....   (No punchline here, like blizzard )
switch to asia
Content.
I almost want it to be fake, that the first thing it shows you is a giant colored battle pass button, and then during the entire match making there is also a giant colored battle pass button
When paladins 2 comes out, blizzard will be the biggest joke on the planet in history of all time.
No lie, it gave me a lot of nostalgia for waiting for a game to install on my old windows 95 machine.
Blizzard said "Is that dunky? Put his ass back in line"
I love waiting an hour just to get a login error
Instantly hits you with the "open battle pass"
"So what's that revolutionary game idea?" Peter Molyneux:
Too bad you didn't try joining with a group of 4 friends. game servers are separated, and can't switch between them. You get loaded into a random one when you log into the game, if your friends got on the other one... ya log back out and sit through the Queue again. Get through the Q 2 hours later... and you logged into the other server again.   Friend Finder 2 is 10/10.
I hate that it actually sums up ow2 experience pretty well so far
Damn Overwatch 2 is a broken, hacked, scummy game, but look at that title logo!!!!! It’s beautiful!!! So much lore in the title alone.
Overwatch 2 makes you feel like you’re watching over something.
if you see the overwatch 2 videos theres a lot of hopium on players expecting this shit to be good
This is the first queue type queue game
That's awful
Ah yes ow2 queue simulator 😙👌
Do wotlk classic now. Really nail blizzard
I washed the dishes and still in queue...
when he said "No Winston" i fucking broke down
Never seen nothing like this before
I feel like I’ve seen this before, but it just came out today?
Most definitely, we can say, it's a game
loading is my favorite new genre of game now. thanks dumpy
I spent 45 minutes in a damn line, like getting into the fanciest club ever. I got shat on by a Dva and then lost connection.
Low hanging fruit zzz
imagine if he had RTX ON
I think I'll just go back to the DMV instead
Grade A 👍🏼👍🏼😂
I'm happy to finally experience what the Brits went through when they had to wait in line to see the dead Queen.
overwatch 2? more like fuck you
You should've just put Overwatch 1 gameplay and titled it Overwatch 2 gameplay. No-one would've known anyways.
The best part is that this isn't even an exaggeration..
I have not been able to get in at all
Asia servers ok 👌 x scan and repair game
Yo whoever watches this video this man deserves a like 🤣👍
Cant wait for mor Overwatch 2 Content thanks Dunkey
This is just like dark souls
You do know that euro had 200 in que all night when asia had 30k and NA didnt even show a number
JUST GOT IN!!! YEAH BOI
Blizzard must be going in a more Brutalist direction for Overwatch. Must be working, because I'm planning the brutalest roast for OW2
I thought it would have been more engaging as a farm life simulator, but this is an interesting direction for the series to take!
Eyo. What was that song at the end? That's a bop. It sounds like it's from a really good indie game
Overwatch 2 really makes you feel like a Blizzard employee by making you wait out what feels like a prison sentence
THE ACCURACY
And this is the end of Blizzard.
Loading screen simulator.
I played the queue for a good 3 hours so much fun to be had with the laid back playstyle
i like how my account also got wiped like i just started playing this piece of 💩
When Winston showed up and said, "It's Overwatchin' time!" I fell to my knees and burst into tears. Truly the game sequel of all time.
Requires phone information  Servers got ddos attacks  Little to no difference from the previous game  Characters locked behind battle pass   Just play gundam evo at this point.
Tf3
I want Dunkey to do a real review on this one. I know he played overwatch to death and loved so much of it. He was the reason I got into overwatch, watching all of his silly videos and just having a great time.  Now everything is just demolished. People are speaking up against the mess, but people with a bigger voice need to really lay it into blizzard for this one.   Donkey talked so much about how he hoped ow2 might be a great thing to get people back into the game. People are excited to see the new stuff now, but in a few weeks they'll see that everything done was a scam to get your money. Most people already see it. Goodbye Overwatch.
lechorously leering at the female characters really made me feel like a blizzard employee.
Just woke up, youtube notifications, took my phone to wc, playing the video, whatever came out of me, still better than overwatch 2.  Thanks dunkey for making my mornings better
ah yes, the loading game. Truly the game of all time
The best thing about how long it takes to load is that by the time you would theoretically get in to play you have thrown the shit in the bin....man best time eva.
Blizzard HUGE L
Not a BigMode contender huh
yes, the wait times *are* hellish, but in a hilarious, "fuck you, player!" sort of way
Common Blizzard L
ok i`m buying this game just after watching your review  it`s free? pretty sure u`ll need a postpaid phone to play :D
Overwatch 2 new features include an over-watching minigame before you even get into the game.
Managed to get inside the game after how goddamn long it took, and the client crashes a few minutes while in game. Amazing
EXACTLY !
i'd really love an actual review on the buttfuckery that overwatch 2 has become from dunkey lol. I hoped for more from overwatch 2 but I expected nothing and got nothing.
I really felt like I was playing overwatch 2, great bid dunker
Very new.
The gameplay is actually good.
The new blizzard has done it again
I've actually got the chance to play the game, it ain't too bad!
This looks like the battlepass
Ah yes, the shooter for people who can't aim or move.
I didn't think this video would age well... but so far it is.
OVERQUEUE SIMULATOR 2 🤣
It's a good thing we'll be playing Pikmin 4 while we wait in the lobby.
Sad
You know, as someone who's studied typography, I agree with his logo critique.
Yeah, wtf at least give us winston. Need a motivational speech while waiting
My favorite part is that I don't have any of the skins that I PAID TO UNLOCK from the first game
The Overwatch 2 Loading screen experience is just fantastic a complete 10/10. Its always so exhilarating when you see 40000 drop to 30000 and so forth, it just keeps me coming back for more and i find the hours of my day fading away when i start it up. Just an absolute masterpiece.
this game really makes you feel like your playing a rpg farming simulator.
Overwatch, Queue
Overwatch 2: Eventually
As a Die Hard Overwatch fan i cannot wait to play John McClane
10/10 - It's the same game
They said they got hacked or something...  hmm... so the experience of all this years in OW1, they always being hacked?
THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED TO ME LMFAOOOO
I just uninstalled the game about 3mins ago. I still haven't been able to log in to play, I've been trying from an hour after launch time.
Haven’t been able to play a single game yet
why is Overwatch 2 free to play man, fk.
Idk about you, but I mean I only now have to wait for 7000 people now, real great move ahead
Interesting how Overwatch 2 took inspiration from Guilty Gear Strive and made sure you really FEEL like you're connecting to the server
Blizzard is trying it's hardest to make sure nobody plays this game
This has more views than the launch trailer for Overwatch 2.
The fucked-up part: theres still no Banjo
3:03 at this point my YouTube glitched out shut down, *THIS GAME SERVERS ARE SO BAD A VIDEO OF IT CAN CRASH*
Blizzards really outdone themselves this time
More Hentai, ty Overwatch, huh? you need to pay more?,sadge
I’m so happy I’m missing all my stuff.
boom
bada
It’s already game of the year
genius 20/10
LOL AT EVERYONE WHO WAITED IN THE QUEUES. I only realised the game had released after those issues had passed. S'all coming up Millhouse. See ya'll at the comps, I guess?
"After all these years" is a statement that always makes me laugh when dunkey says it
Such great gameplay
This is like waiting for your mom to get done trying on clothes the game.
I can't believe they finally made a sequel to Underwatch 3!
I love the overwatch 2 ad I got after watching.
I loaded into gta V faster than than overwatch 2 queue time
No one should play this game tbh.
All this waiting for a few new characters, map skins and battle pass.   DLC’s are evolving. They’re starting to camouflage themselves.
Anthem pioneered the loading screen experience first!
Could've been playing the real overwatch 2, aka Gundam Evolution.
Bruh
Shudda went with a different load out  I know a couple characters u can't play as that should really help
This game makes you feel like playing team fortress 2
I cant believe you actually get to play with 40000 other players each round
I love you for this
So sick of people kissing this games butt. No one else gonna say it? Fine I will. I DONT LIKE THE ORANGE RECTANGLE!
This is like Karma for all the rapists at Blizzard
imagine paying 60 bucks for overwatch 1 and then blizzard makes it so you cant play the game anymore and gives you a loading screen to have instead...
I don’t get it, where’s the Winston gameplay? :(
What a masterpiece of a video, the gameplay is so good
There are 40000 people ahead of you  Finally log in .. struggling to get matched because not enough players online ... Wtf are those bots ? Or the same fake tactics used by wow ?
been in love with this game, OverQueue 2
Damn, Dunkey has really been grinding recently
They got DDos on day 1 cuz they turned off ow1 servers,  I hate immature hackers
I could tell Blizzard was inspired by Sonic ‘06 by making loading screens that load into other loading screens. Definitely an improvement over the old Overwatch, am I right?!
This is definitely one of the games ever made.
Love how much effort you guys put in these videos love your content
Classic dunkey
Is this games netplay experience actually worse than Splatoon? That's very impressive if so
Best part... Can't even go back to playing OW 1, they auto converted all accounts and forced OW 2 on everyone.
Next they are going to change Mcree’s name.
Imagine playing a Blizzard game in 2022
It’s so weird idk if it’s a pc thing or something, but on ps4 the queues have been short asf, I’ll load up OV use the bathroom and by the time I’m back it’s already up
Blizzard told the wow community, i shit you not, "the technology to allow this many people play doesn't exist yet" in response to the large queues on WOTLK servers.
I love overwatch ((((2))))
They killed the original one to force you to play this one, they force you to register your phone, they spy the voice chat and for some reason there is still a 7hr queue to play this shit, we really don't deserve to survive as a species, it's stuff like this that makes me believe in the "great filter".
Mine is 800 and it's still long.
I’ll never get over them having such great lore potential and not doing a campaign with it
I don't see why they couldn't just of updated overwatch 1, all the improvements in overwatch 2 are so damb subtle.
1:52 Had this happen to me too. Had to restart the 40000 player queue. 😂  _looks around_ Y'know, Scream Fortress is happening in TF2 rn...
Making Battlefield launches look flawless.
I guess that since Dunkey started making games Blizzard decided they should start making jokes.
They don't let pre paid phone users play the game because if they did they'd run out of messages to send by the time the games loaded
You are not "Back to 40,000", it's just a second level lol
That's 14 hours of game play right there.  Can't beat that
Tf2 anyone?
I'll be honest like what did everybody expect? Blizzard while they make amazing products, is similar to the way Nintendo does things. However even Nintendo adds new game functions.
That 7 hours later thing is not an exaggeration at all.  I was attempting to connect at 3PM when they "released" the game my time. By 10PM I had only played 2 games. Thanks to random disconnects and the queue randomly resetting to 40K players.
Air Force Delta music, of all things
I thought the game released months ago
They're stealing Ghosts and Goblins gimmick from the NES. You have to play through the loading screen twice to get the real ending.
my uncle works at blizzard and he says that overwatch 3 will have player queues of 100,00
The most innovative and engaging Overwatch has looked in years.
I would love if all the video was only the loading screen lol
Nah, it doesn't need you to have a single brain cell to realize that thoes queue are just some stupid tactic of Activision Blizzard to making you think this game is still very popular around the world.
Yo
So when will it be playable??? 🤔 Like actually playable without waiting at a white screen just to do more waiting. I went for food, came back, saw how close I was only for it to not work again.  Feels like I have another Anthem on my console.  (Tried Anthem on my PS5 then deleted it for good)
In ye olde days we had Lode Runner......but now we have Load ruiner 😋
Overwatch 2? More like the loading simulator
In 2020, we removed loading screens entirely. In 2022, we made loading screens the primary focus of the games so you don't have to waste your energy hitting buttons on a controller. Truly marvelous I don't think humanity will evolve any further than this.
The most unbelievable part is that 40,000 people were trying to play the game
if only there was another hero shooter that is free on all platforms
I hear there is Ray Tracing on the queue screen EPIC!!
The first 40k QUEUE type game.  Outstanding, wouldn't be surprised if Video Rojima patents this.
I think overwatch 2 will be one of those games used for benchmarking computers. Like you had crysis for gpu performance and now you have overwatch 2 for oled burn in.
I think this will be having 30000 games ahead of it on this year's game of thr year lists
Wow Holy fuck, dunkey made me first think that he was actually praising the logo until i read “30000 players ahead of you” 😂
Is that a pro Genji?!
Can't wait for the rule34 that's just a picture of a line longer than the one for Queen Elizabeth's funeral.
Get punished for calling it overwatch 1
People say Blizzard is creatively dead... But this right here Son... Loading Simulator OHHH Weeeeeee
yea blizzard is fucked.
My video didn't load and it was just audio the first time. The video was even better thinking it was just a blank loading screen.
What's the outro music?
this game must've been made by master yi players the way it's a queuing simulator.
You guys loves Warhammer 40,000 right? Now introducing Overwatch 2 40,000
From the earliest trailer to its release, the first Overwatch only ever reminded me of the horrible, legitimately traumatic time years before when I mixed cocaine on top of some mushrooms. When I did that I experienced a world way to vivid and hyper all at once, basically exactly like this game, turning me into a kind of fountainhead of color, light, and cartoon sounds where instead of being nice every new shade of each of the thousands of colors rushing before my eyes I experienced as a different expression of pain. Imagine Hellraiser meeting The Care Bears. That was the day I learned there are as many pains in the universe as there are colors, that our suffering is as inseparable from reality as are photons, and why the light exists only as a mirror to our torments. Overwatch makes me feel the same -- and I mean even thinking about it, and about the people who play or promote it, not to mention playing it for myself. It's why I have only ever longed for the grey and brown days of early 2000s gaming. Those were nicer, calmer days.  It felt like a heart-attack in my brain. How these games look so uncannily similar in style to that experience, and just the feel and tone of it are so similar, makes me think either the devs are people who mix cocaine and mushrooms and like it or that they would like it if they did -- and that has me convinced they are either insane or corrupted by devils. I think it's insidious and that anyone who plays this will destroy the world. With most games I don't enjoy, but which others do, I usually believe, "Good for them, because that's still a plus for gaming as a whole," but with Overwatch and all its clones I think failure is the only option for humanity as well as being a good lesson on not to even simulate, let alone try, ever mixing cocaine and mushrooms and/or being the kind of person who can dwell in that level of mania and thrive. They're all just, "wrong," or, "off," like these sort of disguised, unholy abominations, these, "things that should not be," cosmically incorrect instances of un-life that still somehow came to live among us only pretending to belong. A curse upon them. A curse upon their houses, and upon all their generations wherever they go.  One minute you're laughing like rainbows are being farted out of your eyeballs, the next minute everyone is dead, and then they've won, and none of us should have to tolerate it. As for people who do, at least to those who come away thinking it was enjoyable and not hellish, and who'd want to spread more of those obscene, inane, incessant colors and noises to everyone else like a brain-virus where the rest of us will never again get a moment's peace: extermination is the only answer. Exterminate them and destroy all they've made before they can exterminate us. That's got to be the line in the sand, though some might say products like Overwatch have already crossed that line; and, yes, it probably means there really is a conspiracy among the technocratic elite to diminish the rest of our minds and keep us more like domesticated pets. Think about it (if you even still can think after this ego-death-inducing guff has rattled your minds). Hate. Hate! Hate!!! This will be the only thing that can save us.  That's why we should all salute those brave, anonymous souls who try to take junk like this down with things like ddos attacks, and if we ever find out who those people are, maybe someday, I'm thinking statues in their honor. It's the least they deserve. If you don't agree, you don't know anything. You have already been infected. All you can do now is pray for redemption -- that, or at least keep what you mix with your mushrooms to only weed, or maybe a little ecstasy, or heroine, if not for you then for the rest of humanity and all our futures. Game responsibly. Everyone dies, but the people who made and marketed Overwatch should die sooner, preferably by divine accident, which would have already happened were this a fairer world.  9 out of 10 for that one girl character having a sexy haircut and a butt, though. And perky tits. Also, vagina somewhere.  And that's my essay about the game Overwatch. I'm up for hire. To any sites or companies: I'm up for hire.
Dunkey is the most genius videogame critic of all time and it will never be close
The only gameplay feedback: “Oh wait there is shooting! This is just like Overwatch 1.” 💀
That’s why I don’t play Overwatch anymore
I'm really pissed about this games sociopolitical symbolism. Putting the orange on top of black in the logo. Are you serious Blizzard? Orange? Really?
What did they expect when they made the game free? Not expect a larger player base in the first day launch?
just when you thought that the most innovative gaming genre, was the STRAND TYPE GAME.. this game that blizzard develop, pretty well be, the very first LOADING SCREEN game
Overwatch 2, a game that can excite you when the queue decreases. Astounding work from Blizzard.
My friend group and I were lucky enough to get in at midnight, needless to say we played til 9am just in case this happened again today and of course it did.
3 quadrillion queue, im fine, but doomfist as a tank? 😢
Ah, welcome to diversity chart the game. Let’s play a guessing game to see how many points these characters are based on the point values we assigned to your race, culture, gender, sexuality, and disability.
I love it when they say it’s “Overwatching Time” and Overwatched all over the place. Truly one of the most game of all time.
Never can a player forget Winston's famous words: "It's loadin' time!"
Can’t wait to play after the 40,000 people ahead of me are done
ow2  the purgatory simulator
Watching this while queuing, man...
What a dumpster fire lol
Not trying to start arguments, but TF2 beat Overwatch again.
Legend
You should do a review of Halo Ce
hah
Oh and Overwatch 1's servers are gonna be disconnected, although this game is better in every way so nothing lost, right?
reminds me of sim city 5 (or was it 4) where it was a singleplayer game noone could play, since the required online servers were down.
They probably didnt expect all these people to play after the failure of the first one
They are experiencing DDOS attacks, calm tf down weirdo.
No joke I fully expected him doing a whole video on just the menu considering I sat there for over 3 hours
Oh Wow I didn't even know it was possible to even have that many players during a single match! Great Job Blizzard! 40000/10 IGN
meanwhile in TF2, you can just hop in for FREE
i'm sure Overwatch 3 will SLAY
the queue tho
when is epic planning on buying this
And somehow it's gonna win game of the year at the game awards :/
This must be that "queue anon" I've been hearing so much about.
I thought the 30000 players was a shitpost edit this is real?
Loading simulation
And it crashes in a every single match too
Ohh, I get it now. _Over watch 2_ Because you'll be doing nothing but _watching_ for _over 2_ hours
This really makes you FEEL like an abused, overworked Blizzard employee.
This discribes My experience to 100%
dunkey, ur makin some of ur best videos rn. ur killin tha game <3
There Is No Game 3
It's revolutionary titles like these that make me grateful to be alive on this great, big beautiful rock right here, right now! 😃
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Overwatch 2 IS THE BEST SEQUEL EVER MADE
Waiting for a game to work simulator
Yeah this shit is bunk af.
What do you expect? It’s called OverWATCH, not OverPLAY.  Silly dunk.
In defense of ow2 (I hate that I say this) but there was a DDOS attack. So.. I can't blame them for a poor launch. I can blame them for they're stupid ass decision of shuting down ow1; Instead of getting more/different servers.
at least, now I know I am not alone....
In case you somehow would rather watch an fps instead of amazing, revolutionary, never before seen, game changing, super entertaing loading screens, he starts playing at 69:04:20
Really makes you long for the strand-type games now, huh?
silly Dunkey, the First 30,000 is to win to get into the 40,000 queue. like Fall guys. you qualify.
my favorite part is paying money to wait in a 40,000 person queue for a game i've already played to death
It's a little bit of waiting for everyone.
this is just what gamers need!
ow
SO diverse and inclusive though!
The bad: you need a phone number. I moved to Japan and it wouldn’t take it rip
the weirdest thing about this video is that it gave me ASMR thanks to the descriptions and even tones
I'm so glad the Overwatch updated to a new version. Now we get battle royale feature for free and we didn't even have to ask for it...
I think I discovered the secret to beating overwatch 2: enjoy watching paint dry.
use european servers
Who knew the ‘Over’ in Overwatch meant the days of actually playing the game are over. Brilliant 10/10
This is truly one of a kind, I mean the only other similar loading game that can even come close is "The Dino" when chrome has no access internet.
Thanks Mcree
outstanding, brave, stunning. 30000/10
this is the gameplay we've all been waiting for; i can't wait to get past this menu and finally be able to reach peak gameplay and buy the premium battle pass and maybe get to play all the same maps from the first game! time and energy well spent blizzard keep up the great work!
Who's Overwatching the Overwatchers?
Fantastic video as always Winston!  Much better than that Dunkey fella, that’s for sure.
Least you got your skins and shit
5 v 5 they said lol
Overwatch 2 makes a major breakthrough in toxic gamer culture by removing the core of the issue- playing the game.   10/10 for the first ‘screen’ type game
It really makes you feel like you're loading. -IGN 4/5
winston is not even a player character in fortwatch 2
Game Companies: You shouldn’t fix it if its broken
If Overwatch 2 had been under the guidance of Big Mode I have no doubt the minimum player count per lobby would 50,000 easy
Kinda sad 40000 people are playing this tbh...
Play Gundam Evolution instead
who else watched this, IN queue
Bruh just try Gundam Evolution, that one's actually good.
I use this game as a screen saver.
You’d think by now they would be able to allocate some cloud space for new game releases…
I have a PS5 with 680mbps wifi and I’ve been waiting since the moment it dropped. Been saying 1999 ahead but it hasn’t moved at all. Great game 10/10 and even beats Super Mario 2
Try ps4
So anyway, when's the TF2 Halloween update? That's the real shit.
Dunkey, the one human being who thinks the PvE content is exciting
Really reminds me of league legends season 1
I miss among us Tuesdays
You would think that after the previous 20+ AAA releases that all got flooded with massive queues, that one day these companies will learn to budget more servers. Today was not that day…
Microsoft got ripped off. I'd pay 5$ for Blizzards
Remember when you could just boot up a game and play it and that was it
they really out did themselves by bringing in the first ever load type game
2b2t type beat
This game looks pretty awful tbh
Wow an endless queue? truly the most British game in existence!!!
Man I was so excited, I was gonna ditch school, but instead I stole the school's internet purely to download Overwatch 2 & I was appalled when I saw 40,000 people ahead of me
Its funny cuz im in queue rn waiting for hrs just to get in.
The queue reminds me of when GTA5 online first opened. Took my over 3 hours just to get kicked out mid-tutorial and being sent back into the queue.   Good times.
"oh this is just ow 1" lmao
SAME GAME
Overwatch 1...BUT WORSE.
Overwatch 2: 40K Players Ahead of You  It's a pain to get in. me and my buds have been switching between US, EU, and AS servers and it's the same Warhammer 40k queue. It's pure luck.  Which is weird because when we finally got in, the game queues were taking minutes to fill up. gameplay-wise i have no point of comparison. never played ow. i only tried OW2 because it's free and all I can say is that it's a more cramped Paladins.
I can't believe they took Britain's most iconic historical figure out of the game.
You gotta login after you login
Just a copy of Battlefield 2042
You could really hear his sense of pride and accomplishment inflate when he started climbing that ladder.  The kind of late-game excitement that only the best BRs can manage.
I don't know about anyone else but I'm having a ball with this game. Everything has been transferred over (aside from losing Origins skins, which is weird but oh well) and gameplay going perfectly and running smoothly - so much so I've been gifted 12K competitive points out of nowhere. I've not had this much fun on Overwatch since 2017. This may be because I'm either in the UK or have an ethernet cable on strong University WiFi, but I don't know man, I think these complaints are becoming an over-exaggeration.
Online games suck
This is like queuing for ffxiv during endwalker launch
Hideo Kajima's second master only trumped by Death Stranding.
Man ow was fun as hell for like half a year how did blizzard fuck up so bad
lol i skipped soccer practice just to wait 4 hours anyways to get in and then get kicked
Queue simulator
Really tired of this false advertising dunkey. We all know there is no shooting in this game, you’re clearly just showing footage of the first overwatch
game of teh year
Someone please wake up CrowBCat.
HOW IS IS IT THAT IN 2022 A GAME COMES OUT WITH THE SMALLEST SERVERS AND PEOPLE DONT COMPLAIN AS MUCH?!?!?
I need more of this kinda content
My skins didn't save bruhh
Accurate experience
man that day 1 was a fucking blast, got my first game on eichenwalde, got my first potg there, then win a few matches, until it got shutdown by ddos for 10hrs
i got lucky and played right at launch. enjoyed about 2.5-3 hours before ddos happened... and they still haven't fixed it yet :(
Are we all really surprised? This is the current state of gaming. No developer is safe from the poison needed to make their games bigger (and supposedly better). Investment from big name publishing companies! I've watched EA gut and devour so many good IP's. The BF franchise being the saddest example. Battlefield is iconic. Big sad.
Onlywatch 2
"When do we get to the ride?" "This IS the ride! Yippee!!!"
I can't believe blizzard just decided to say:"It's overwatchin' time." and then they just overwatched all over the gaming industry. Truly one of the videogames of all time.
Well r34 creators, better do your thing since the game blows
Pre video: I was gonna watch a review today and then I thought to myself. Hell no, I’m gonna save it for Dunkey. Now SHOW ME THE MONEY!!!!  Post video: I’m really excited about ignoring a date night or two to invest it into this gameplay. I was a little worried that the new mechanics would drown out some of the best features and style of the first game. The new queue is cutting-edge especially combined with the final versions of role queue. It conveys that you really feel like you’re at the DMV and only find out your missing some forms that you didn’t know existed but are crucial to earn back your daily life. Which makes the small things like driving errands and work that spicy content you never really appreciated. Like Edgerunners influencing people to buy or return to the still goofy mess, Cyberpunk 2077.
It's just like OverWatch.. It's like like OverWat... It's just like OverW It's like O.
Don't worry guys, microsoft will save them.
So its the same game with longer loading screens how innovative blizzard.
It requires a phone to play therefore it is a phone game.
This is what I get for being an OW fan, I deserve this
Overwatch 2 more like LoadWatch 2
This super mario 2 looks kinda weird
is it big mode approved?
This game keeps booting me out to touch grass instead, very avangard and modern 10/10
Hey dunkey please explain why widowmaker is bad my friend claims shes overpowered
First it was role queue now it's queue simulator 2.0
It has a little bit of something for everyone
I waited for 7 hours. Then I caved and switched my server to crooked teeth land it got and first try
This game makes you FEEL like frat like culture
DMV the video game
As soon as I saw the video begin I knew that there would be no advancement from the loading screen lol.
apolgy for bad english where were u wen ow1 die I was at hanamura eating ramen when phone ring "overwatch is kill" "no"
The Everloading Story
I'm so over watching that queue. I guess Dunkey is over watch too
I'm jealous, I haven't even seen this piece of content yet, I'm still working past the phone level. Not sure if I'll ever be good enough to beat it though..
Forgot about the gulag.
I watched this while waiting in queue! Thank you Dunkey!
Hopefully the servers continue to get DDoS'd a few more times. Very deserved for Blizzard.
When you realise he isn’t exaggerating
People just don’t understand this game and one day they’ll realize how ahead of it’s time it was
Watching this while I enjoy the queue phase of Overwatch 0.2
The best part about OW2 is that the old saying that OW was dead is now true.
So what you're telling me is, GAME OF THE YEAR??!!
Watcherload 20000
Gta walked so overwatch 2 could run
I’ve been Watching this queue for Over five hours.
The game puts you in a long ass line?
TY
So everyone went through the same process huh 😂
I got to play the tutorial, and I gotta say its definitely overwatch too
Just play Team Fortress 2 its better
it IS overwatch 1... with shittier servers.  honestly what the fuck?
It makes you juggle between servers, truly a strategy game.
This game actually makes you FEEL like you are a loading screen
amazing game, blizzard really put themselves out there on this new game 10/10 watching game   what do you mean it's an fps
“People watch my videos to see which games are worth playing”
bit cringe
If you think i will play competitive on this crap like i did in OW1 your are inhaling cocaine my guy.
Is the sound effect at 2:55 from Kingsway?
“Overwatch 2  don’t be doo doo”  Tony get the boulder.
24 hours and still can't play, what a titanic fucking joke
It really makes you FEEL like overwatch
Like Dark Souls, Overwatch is a powerful entry in despair inducing gameplay.
Overwatch 2 is the game of all time
it’s funny how team fortress 2 got an actual update around the same time
Really? A queue, when Elden Ring held up with it's servers with 900k players on launch.
"Overwatch 2 really makes you 𝙛𝙚𝙚𝙡 like you're in a queue." 7/10 -IGN
Only Dunkey could upload a 3 minute video about a loading screen and get 1.3 million views in 6h. Respect.
10/10
Has any other game every had an issue at launch?
come on, I'm looking forward your comment on the "game". Say  something.
I really enjoyed the theme song and how they utilized banana peels as the cymbals for he ambient buildup into a jazz quartet slamboli. Very nice 10/10 blissard
another Blizzard's "masterpiece"
Haven been able to beat the loading screen yet will try again tomorrow
Now be nice funky, it’s not like they have ever ran a online multiplayer game before. They got to work the bugs out………. Blizzard you continue to disappoint like i do my father.
Guy: Maybe I’ll be Winston… Dunkey: *There is no more Winston*
So many players die whenever you log in
You were absolutely robbed of play of the game that round, you literally waited so hard
new game is asking 12k to new players for all ow1 skins, voice lines, etc...  and i dont want to know about the other new skins and champs that will come
genuinely wondering why dunkey still buys these games
apparently switching to asian servers gets you in a game faster and still puts you in an NA server, like the game just puts you in a separate queue list  so do with that information what you will
Why are there enough people buying this garbage type game for there to be a queue?
The first ever Queue Simulator. 10/10 P.s: The name "Overwatch Too" fits perfectly. 👌👍
I love Queuewatch 2
Video so good I won't even ask for you to play zoombinis
This is a very good ad for TF2.
This takes "watch" *over* it's limits
this puts the watch in overwatch
🤣🤣
Hats off to Dunkey for having the balls to play competitive on his first run. The game is so unstable rn. I have been: DC, heroes randomly locked, game keeps tabbing out and once, all my button settings are messed up.
I felt like the last one was too arcadey-- but after watching this, I can tell the sequel is gonna be more skill based.
Wow, the first load-type game. This is an incredible breakthrough.
OnlyWatch is back Babyyyy!
Went from 2,000 to, 300 was at 0 earlier but y'know
Never before have I needed to know this before in my whole life before this point More:  Are you for fucking real?
This is the best loading FPS game of all time.
Game
Why isn't it called 2VERWATCH
How the hell was a friend of mine able to tell me "you should play overwatch 2" with a straight face?
1:21 this made me realize that their server instability could be on purpose. Games use RNG in a similar way. You may think it'd be stupid to not let people play your game, but what this also does is  1. Increase anticipation. 2. Realize that you're playing *the* game right now. 3. Creates a "I'm lucky" thought when you simply get in to play the game.  People are being conditioned to put simply playing on a pedestal. This sounds so dumb and far-fetched, but one thing I've learned from Activision, is that they use some of the scummiest psychology tricks on players as if it's normal across other games as well.   All that said, this is just a theory. It's a F2P game, so no one can refund if they can't play.
I think this might compete for the best strand type game
LMAOOOO
Obviously he never has played a destiny dlc on launch day lol. The original load time game.
Why is there a queue to get into the game? Is this a beta ?
Overwatch should be ashamed at copying TF2 again... this is just the queue system from Meet your Match
i played on japan server, and its completely fine
2:39 that yes was perfect
I swore I wasn't gonna watch any OW content but I'm glad I clicked here. Thank you. Well done. NO OTHERS THO
Leave it to dunks to make my day better xD
I hope they add a minigame in the next season, just like that dinosaur runner fella when there's no internet
It really is just like Fortnite!
Still waiting wish me luck
This is like choking on a Lijiang tower at Jeff Kaplan’s house
"Here's how you handle it.  You remove the original from stores so more focus can be made on the sequel.  Even if they're fundamentally different."  Activision: Right.  "Then straight up ignore the sequel.  Server maintenance? DDOS attacks? Psssssh. It'll handle itself."  Activision: Man that's so insightful.  Thanks EA I see how Titanfall is keeping up so no worries.
I mean, they tell you what the game is in the name. You over-watch something that shouldn't normally require you to watch it that much. Donno why it's got so much hype. It is a pretty nice logo though, the orange really pops.
...this vid is right on point...luckily i mostly only had 10k and it went for about 5hours, to be honest this is still better than what happened at FF14 Endwalker release...but still no excuse for such a big company  The worst thing about all this, you get in and its literally just Overwatch 1 without lootboxes but heavy prices and no new modes or content at all, come back mid 2023 when the new stuff is meant to come
Blizzard really looked at every game company touting no loading screens and did the biggest one-up of all time... *only* loading screens.
That's exactly what happened to me lmfao
You guys actually got it to download? Hahah
Honestly Donkey , I don't know how you do it .
I waited an hour in que. It asked for me to do a security sign-in thing. Did it. Overwatch restarted my game. Back in the hour long que..
Overwatch 2? More like, Overwatch Queue
Elden ring ain’t got shit on this
actually dunkey i believe the orange rectangle behind the 2 is actually a reference to the orange box. and whats in orange box? team fortress 2, overwatch's step father. read it and weep
Imagine the disaster that Diablo 4 is gonna be.
Wait... I have played this game before.
Af this point, dunkey doesn’t have to make fun of games anymore. The games do it on their own. All you can do is sit back in bewilderment and laugh. 6 and a half hours in and I’m sTILL. IN. A. FFFFUCKIN QUE
Blizzard made the first Overwatch and were like "We did it, we made the best game ever, no need to put any effort into any of our future games for the rest of our lives."
Leave it to Blizzard to take the game into a brave new direction
IGN: 10/10 it has a little something for everyone
10/10 logo - it really makes you FEEL like you'e playing Overwatch.
There is something wrong releasing video close to game release date And i am so wrong, dunkey did it the impossible thing he play the game while editing the High end video after effect ever
Nice game
They actually made a full pivot to psychological horror
Brilliant gameplay from the Overwatch team, they’ve really outdone themselves this time!
We all thought games had reached an all time high when death stranding introduced the “strand type game” then, stray came out with a cat simulator in a clearly frog focused year!  Now we are at the pinnacle of gaming with the “queue type game” I honestly hope we get to see more like this in the future.
Wow. I never thought I'd see anything more broken than the Master Chief Collection in 2014. It took 8 years, but here it is.
I love how they took gameplay inspiration from WoW Classic - truly a genre-bending masterpiece!
And even if you get into the game you will wait for a quick play game for 3 minutes cause it's so difficult to match you up against million other players.
As of right now, the video is still relevant. ಠ_ಠ
Overwatch 2 is a pile of garbage
Dunkey I have to correct your end card, you said yourself there is no Winston in Overwatch 2.
yea you do get over watching that screen
I got down to the front of the line and randomly lost twice.
Literally binged Mob Psycho while waiting for the 20000 players queue and managed to got in 9 episodes later 😂
Y is this vid only 3 min I need more dunkey
Yep. I give it a 40000/0.
Kojima: Im a visionary, I made the first stranding type game  Blizzard: hold my beer and behold... THE FIRST LOADING TYPE OF GAME EVER
Hurry up and wait, bitches.
Overwatch 2: Overwatch 1 Reloading
I find it absolutely unbelievable that to this day they still have not learned and made a system that knows you were JUST logged in and keeps your spot open for you for about 10 minutes so you can hop back in if you disconnect. There's just absolutely no reason to remove you from the front of the queue if you are gone for a little longer than a couple of nanoseconds. Why doesn't anyone think of this stuff? Ever?
True gamers know Pzvgw 2 is the superior 2 class game
This game is such an emotional rollercoaster with its subtle story, that it can even affect the player's emotions. First you start out, ready and willing to do anything. As the game progresses you become more and more desperate to complete the goal of your journey. The journey makes you cry, laugh, feel anguish, and the emotions keep coming nonstop. Eventually, you'll reach the home stretch. The end of the road. All your suffering, all your pain, all for this. And whats your reward? "Unexpected server error". You panic. You try again. You think, "I *have* to have some sort of reward waiting for me!" But no. You're set back, right to the beginning. You go through it again, and again, and again. The whole journey. Praying someday that you'll make it. The question is, how far will your endurance go? Will you persevere... or will you go outside and finally touch grass? Abandon your reward? Truly a masterpiece.
It’s the first “que to play” game guys
I was able to log in. it wanted me to press a button to start an "account merge" so I can have the same stuff on both my pc and console accounts. it says "this will take approximately less than one minute." so I pressed the button. it's now been 24 hours. my accounts are still in the "merging queue"
IT'LL BE YYEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAARRRRRSSS BEFORE YOU THINK YOU CAN PLAY THIS GAME  or for the younger dunkey fans "come back in 10 years"
Hideo Kojima is INSPIRED
"First time?" -FFXIV players.
I will wait 7 hours to see any dunkey video anytime
more like overgay 2
Hope this game fails
Its about friggin' time you made a video about this... I've been waiting for hours.
for me it said 69 players ahead of u for 3 hours lol
Try the Asian servers
Game is broken
wait so overwatch 2 is basically an incremental game in disguise?
I'm over watching.
yeah
it should be working tomorrow....... Clueless
I want a Dunkey Podcast.
This might ALMOST be better than Flying Gorilla. ALMOST, I'll never abandon you Dunkey
TRUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
cool to see how they are expanding the wow classic experience
hoping for a new dunderwatch
Yeah, keep buying blizzard games people
I'm not excited to try the update, so I'll probably wait a week.
If people think this will improve. Spoiler it won't, D2 is still having this queueing issue.
Interesting choice to re-que you into another battle royale after you beat the first one
i heard they were being ddosed on launch not sure how true it is.
Honestly... may as well just play the first one and ignore the second one exists.
It makes you really feel like you're waiting in a line.
*maaaaaaaasterpiece*
Truly a Game of Our Time.
This is longer to get in the game then GTA 5 Online
OMG O__o
I was sitting in front of my TV in the Overwatch Queue while watching this
I don't think they expected how many people wanted to play OW2
Hey if anyone here is actually serious, let me know and lets play some Overwatch 2 together!   If we... Actually get to go online... And the servers don't crash... And the game doesn't die... Or the match making doesn't screw it up..
Of all the games to come out this year, Overwatch 2 is certainly one of them.
Truly one of the games ever. 10/10 would wait again.
FUCK LMAOOOO
I was not aware this one has a shooter mode in it
Who tf DDOS’d blizzard, not cool bro apologize 😡
Watching Dunkey play Overwatch 2 is like eating mint double stuffed oreos at Charles Stiles' motel room.
Wait till you see your queue going up instead of down.
The part where you shoot is an interactive minigame ending after you wait at the final boss of Overwatch 2
This is what you apes deserve for supporting Blizzard to begin with. Hope it doesn't improve.
You fail to understand that this is the first queue-type game. This is exactly how Hideo Kojima envisioned overwatch. Casuals, the lot of you..
I genuinely forgot Overwatch 2 was gonna be a thing until this week
Banned in overwatch 1 years ago for typing "imagine" after every kill or death.  Try for ow2 still banned lmao
Cheap
careful. video has spoilers of gameplay.
Man, I will never understand why didn’t they allow free team composition and hero repeating like in TF2. Queue issues instantly solved
watching this while waiting to get into ovw2 again
I’ve been praying on the downfall of this game and it’s series good to see the start is very disappointing thank you blizzard
Lol role selection still here for casual play
I can't wait for all the video essays that praise this masterpiece. It is honestly right up there with the greatest games in recent memory. I'm glad they saw what the Division did with their Queue-based gameplay and decided to streamline it. No need for fancy 3d graphics, or having to physically move your avatar to line up until you're in the process of trying to get back to the action packed Queue Gameplay.  Don't even get me started on the transcending and sophisticated yet accessible narrative. It truly challenges the status quo of Rainbow Marketing and other predatory trends. It clearly stands should-to-shoulder with the greats like Last of Us Part 2 and Death Stranding. Hopefully, if this small indie company keeps up their hard work and stick to their time tested ethics that can be up there with the mythical games that come out once in a generation. Road to Hell: Redemption is waiting to welcome these soon to be GOATs.
Just why tf cant you let me at least browse skins please blizzard please its so obvious queue us up in the background i beg please oh my god
I’m just glad it’s on its own launcher so I can play a different game while I wait for overwatch to let me in
man blizzard made the best simulator of all time.
what's the song he used for the outro?
It’s funny because I’m waiting in a queue while watching this 🙂😐
Game of the year.
Hahahahhahahahhahahayay amazing
It really makes you feel like Overwatch
Finally. A new type of game to kick the crown off the head of strand type games... Queue games  A true modern AAA dumpsterfire experience. 11/10
Feels like I’m at Disneyworld
This is absolutely the game of all time.
Only 2000 players ahead of me on the switch! I am hopeful
still can't beat knack 2 baby! a true masterpiece
Queues are 50% of Blizzard games' gameplay. It's a key component to the style of their games. Innovative, really.
Whoever paid full price for this deserves this
What's an Overwatch? Is this the sequel to Overman?
Honestly not a big fan if Paladins played it for a couple months then tried overwach dear god overwatch feels like basic call of duty when u play it compared to paladins all u do is wait for ult in paladins build Verity item buying and everything makes every game diff sadly the devs dont give a f about there game
This is the first queue type game .
lol I was at 40 k in wait, then 20 min later got it. I survived the battle royale queue.
Overwatch 2 reminds me of that scene in Beetlejuice where they go to hell
Anyone know what the end card song is?
why didn't stay away from this cringe  why are you like this
This game is alright. Nothing beats the gray screen game mode in league though 10/10
IGN rated 8/10 so it’s gotta be good
Grand Theft Auto V Online has some tough competition!
I love the Supraland sound effect donkey
I’m not watching any stream on twitch supporting this garbage game
Ig I got lucky yesterday but it took like 5min to get in and play
Finally, a blockbuster masterpiece which will compete with the likes of the DMV. 👏
Remember how some people were saying Overwatch was a ripoff of Team Fortress 2 when it came out?  Blizzard was sure to make Overwatch 2 stand out from not only TF2, but from overwatch 1. Amazing game.
1 million views for just a fail 🎉 your the real hero dunkey
The queue doesn't even have ads.  800% value.
Coincidentally this review would also be 1:1 identical with Arma Reforger
Glorios Menuos
I wish people would stop buying and playing games from these money hungry shit companies. It's the only way they will correct themselves or let other companies take their place.
But who overwatches the overwatchmen?
Enough jokes- this game is a fucking disgrace. Now that this is out, not only can you NOT play overwatch one anymore, essentially making you waste money for nothing, you cant even play the actual game you just bought because of this garbage loading and everything. This game never needed a sequel; updates wouldve worked just fine, but blizzard ruined everything all for some massive cash grab. No integrity.  That said Im likely gonna get it anyway. Damn you Blizzard  EDIT: Okay, I just found out it was free to play.. my bad everyone
Most British game of all time.
Clearly a publicity stunt making people wait like this
I wish this video was actually joking...like at all
At least we can see the Overwatch dev team has not been slacking in the categories most important to its fanbase, the rigorous scientific process of striving to one day create the blackest, gayest character possible
over 1 mil views in 5 hours smfh mannnnnnnnn
Watching this while playing myself. So glad I waited so long for this, it was well worth the wait
I wanted to compare it to overwatch 1 but I couldn't find it in my library...
Logged in, waited 5 mins in que, quit, went to bed. Best experience I've ever had playing Overwatch 10/10
Overwatch 2, more like OverWait2Long
"I'm done playing Overwatch 2"
So far two games launched in almost a week apart and both have obscene ques… this company is literally paying the bare minimum for servers and still taking everyone’s credit card purchase knowing there’s thousands that won’t be able to play. Stop giving them any chance
Millions now cant play because of the phone number bs. i have a pre paid cell and a house phone but noo.  and it has nothing to do with smurfs or cheaters thats bs.
Yet people gave them money….for OW 1.5
A lot rests on Diablo IV now
I’m glad you took a creative approach to roasting the rollout — they deserve it. Looking forward to a real review when blizzard gets the servers stable
LMAO
Why does the cover be looking like fortnight's
Damn they didn't just nerf Dva and Zarya, they nerfed the entire game.
If this isn’t 3 minutes of the queue menu I’m unsubbing
this video makes me so happy thank you
Overwatch 2 will definitely go down as the sequel of Overwatch 1
Cant believe overwatch 2 is the sequel to overwatch..
Destiny 2 players be like yup this is normal
finally, someone does a video on the soul sucking waiting when a video game first comes out. The anger that starts to multiply is exponential, and I'm thoroughly surprised that dunkey wasn't screaming
Overwatch 2? More like…. Overwatch Queue
omfg lmfao
The fact this video was followed for me by an Overwatch 2 ad that said ‘play for free NOW’ afterwards was the funniest thing ever
As Gabe Newell famously said, "After 9 years in the queue, hopefully it'll have been worth the wait."
Ticketmaster simulator
BRING BACK THE LFG
You have over-watched the logo a lot more than you should... Here more logo watching for you as a reward for your patience.
if your going to play your going to earn it to play
Guys guys, calm down, just come to the brazil server... No people at all, not even queue to enter
You could say it is it's own genre
This is an unprecedented upheaval of the gaming industry, you can tell that there is going to be many attempted copy-cats but I believe that overwatch 2 will still stand out amongst the loading-screen shooters for the foreseeable future.
Is this Big Modes 1st game wow
What a surprise......
ahhh yes ,heard abt htis new game mode "Loading" it looks pretty good ,still in aw of how you beat 4000 players man !   gg   wp
Its a loading game simulator.
One of the loading games ever made. 10/10
new mrbeast challenge "last to leave overwatch 2 gets to play"
YO WE GOT THE FIRST LOAD TYPE GAME
tbf who expected the launch to be any different. If i recall correctly overwatch has always been like that at just new hero releases so it was no wonder theyd fuck up the launch like this.  Game itself is fun but in the end just a better Overwatch 1 due to the removal of most shields and stuns.
i havent been able to even get in the game💀
Maybe they should have PHONED Big Mode
Can't wait for the next group of neckbeards to get angry at another satirical Overwatch video from dunkey.
more like overwatch poo amirite? high five
was only looking forward to the story mode. didn't get that and lost the original game. so lose-lose ngl
I knew I didn't agree with them killing OW1, but now I really really don't agree lol
LOOOOL
My email address can't even be confirmed because it won't send the confirmation link, truly one of the games of all time
TF2 still has active servers :)
Worst part? They completely pulled Overwatch 1 down for **this**!
Would be a 10/10 if it had NFTs
Overwatch 2: Don’t you guys have phones?
The long que time just made me delete the game before I even started. Nobody should have to have this much patience.
I LOVE THE WHOLE GAMBLING/LOTTERY ASPECT OF NOT JUST NEEDING TO BEAT THE OTHER PLAYERS BUT BEAT THE DEALER WITHOUT GETTING DISCONNECTED AND STARTING FROM SCRATCH
I’m gonna wait until they update the wait
Genuinely spent 5-6 hours yesterday in """queue""" after I got off work. I had it go to zero and start over twice. Pretty infuriated.
from login queue to role queue to login queue.  absolutely exhilarating
I FUCKING LOVE LOADING SCREEN SIMULATOR
Fuck Blizzard
blizzard employees too bust harassing and abusing their female employees to make the game
Play of the game 😂😂😂 40000-20000
this game is absolute shit.
You got as far as I did
I never played the first one, but this looks really good. Love the videos and helping guide me!
Game of the year simulator
First WoW Classic and now Overwatch 2... somebody spilled coffee on the surge protector in the server room again.
I'm glad they decided to stop making content for overwatch 1 3-4 years ago so they could focus all their resources in this. I guess this is what happens when there isn't a "bro culture"
The steady progression of slowly getting the joke over the first minute of this video was exhilarating to say the least
This game is truly a masterpiece, I mean the amount of time it must've taken to bring such attentive details, from the fine etched overwatch logo, to the minimalistic user interface that gaming just has been lacking. I mean it's truly immersive, leaving you with nothing but time to think about the experience you're having. Honestly it's one of the games of all time.
Simply overwatch
It's been 24 hours and it's all the same
Hey guys, it's me, I'm a dunkey fan. I've come to the comments to say exactly what everyone else has said, with the exact same punchline. I'm so funny. You wouldn't understand unless you were a real Dunkey fan. My own thoughts, impulses, wants, and even needs are dictated solely by what jokes Dunkey has made in the past.
you remember that amusement park episode of Fairly Odd Parents with the ride that was just a line? yeah, that but make it a triple A videogame
I just delete it... I had no chance to play and I know that it will be sad to play a game that has not a good variety tof gamemodes... well, Time to see the game on youtube for a while and then just forget the game
I must say, I am over watching the loading screen too
You were lucky. In my case they didn't even accept my phone number that l have been using for 20 years.
LOL that overwatch queue is like getting kpop concert tickets on Ticketmaster 😭
enough said
This game really makes you feel like a loading screen
Bro Fr gave spoilers of the menu without a warning 😡 I’ve been trying to get to that point in the game for a day
lol..........
Ausitm
I didn't even know the game came out
Overwatch “2”   Trash “sequel” with nothing new.
I starting to think, this queue is artificial to make it look like there is huge interest. I doubt that many players are returning or wanting to play this than one, compared to the ones already actively playing Overwatch 1.
still dont understand why everyones complaining about queues when ive played since release and havent had a single queue? lmao
I’m 12 seconds in and haven’t looked at the comments. This is definitely just 3 minutes of loading screen isn’t it
its now a 5v5 game there is no interest to play an off tank like winston cause you have only 1 tank
For a bunch of people who have never worked on a AAA release, everyone sure is judgemental. They're being DDoS attacked, there's possibly millions of people flooding the servers, ect. Give it a few days, Jesus Christ.
Overwatch 2 has a queue to join the queue
You spelled Overwatch 1 wrong
I’m over-watching the load times .  Idk just scroll to the next comment 🤷‍♂️
Really appreciate Jeff Watch for responding to the fan favorite feature, Role Queue, by branching it out and giving us a queue without even the Roles!!! Really amazing stuff nintendo
Ive been anticipating this type of game for many years! Just connect when you go to bed and maybe get a match by breakfast!
A new video from VideoGameDookie.
So wait you queue... to get to the main menu? Am I understanding this correctly?
You uh, won so the game restarted
Ah yes the classic just release a game and server entirely untested, who cares anymore.   Quality is for losers
Best loading screen type game since Anthem
😂 you made me smile after a rough day. I luv you
I feel like such an anomaly... I downloaded OW2 earlier today, logged on to a 30k que. Got in within 10 minutes and was playing without issue for well over two hours. The que system honestly wasn't an issue for me... The game gets all kinds of hate for it, but no one is talking about how it's the exact same game they released in 2016? I don't understand...
whats up with all these weak ass low quality low effort videos
A browser game where the goal is to keep the tab running for longer than the other players might be a neat idea, actually.
Have to give Blizzard credit. They really went all out with the cooldowns. Just went you thought the game could make you wait enough, BAM! IT'S ALL WAITING TIMES, BAB-EEE
thank you dunkey for bday present <3
He actually made me feel happy for about 3 minutes. Thank you. Needed that Dunky
The greatest sequel ever! 😅😅
Wait, is he being Normal-Serious or Dunkey-Serious?
I prefer slower games anyways. This might be my new fav tbh
Best Queue simulator since Last Oasis
3 new heroes LUL
I thought this was titled queue simulator.... Miss opportunity I must say.
The Dunk is the #1 Overwatch 2 player US & EU. I'm so happy to have been able to witness this clip of his top tier game play.
HAHAHAHA “That might be play of the game” brilliant
still waiting
I played on Asia servers since this happened and I always get in easy. 80ms lag. Game plays awesome. Screw NA servers!
Downloaded overwatch 2 today. My ssd fried. Coincidence? No chance
I can already see this load type battle royale gameplay taking off across all major gaming companies!!  Think of all the pay to win and pay to play potential: partnering with Internet and Telecom companies to pay for faster connections to the server, guaranteeing you at least 20,000th place each time off the start. Loot chests that unlock cosmetic loading screens with customizable colors and number fonts!! Can't wait!
Not being able to play OW 2 has helped me touch grass. Thank you Blizzard 🙏
Welcome to “Loading Screen Simulator”
I think I just "Over" watched
When did triple A developers all huddle together and decide to produce shit?
I love having 30,000 people in front of me for something. It's amazing.
Dunkey really made the video time π to represent an average Overwatch fan’s favorite food 🥧
Finally I can hear from an expert
Blizzard just be throwing mastahpieces of shit.
I thought for sure halfway through he would just show Overwatch 1 footage lol
I think the people at Blizzard were into something when titling this game. We weren't playing a sequel to a popular shooter, we are just watching over 2 many people. It makes sense now. Now I see why it's free
they did it, they made a loading simulator
Fun fact! The game doesn't work because Blizzard is too busy harassing their female co-workers and causing them to unalive themselves 🙃
Blizzard
BRAVO BRAVO
That was a low-hanging fruit.   You better do a real review once the game has stabilized.
just when you think you're at the top of the list BOOM THE GATES OF HELL FLOOD OPEN AS THE PEOPLE COME BACK FROM THE GULAG TO KEEP YOU IN THE SCREEN LONGER THIS IS THE MOST EXCITING GAME OF MY LIFE
Overwatch 2 really makes you feel like a Blizzard employee by making you wait out what feels like a prison sentence
Honestly best game since 2013 they have the letters and they have the logo 10-11
L
Thanks DDos. Attackers I hope you get sued and pay for your arrogance!
Truly inspiring
Its sad because ive played overwatch 1 for the past 3 years even though its been dead, but i know this game will die within 6 months…ITS THE SAME GAME TAKE IT FROM SOMEONE THAT PLAYED THIS 5 DAYS A WEEK
Overwatch 2's new game mode: waiting.....  basically my experience. they got rid of the original so you could play nothing. and even when you do get in, they kick you out.... not touching ranked if this isn't sorted out.
This game is basically socialism in practice.
Hilarious!  I am sure many will want to test this entirely new, never seen before, game play mechanic, now that it is free to play! :O :D
I’ve legit been stuck on 1999 people ahead of me for OVER A HOUR LIKE MOVE YOU FATTIES
So are we all watching this while waiting
Gotta love it
Damn they really outdid themselves with this game. They went from 1 horrendously long system for queue times to 2 horrendously long systems for queue times.
This game really makes me FEEL like I'm in the queue to see the queen's box.
that is literally unacceptable for a company this size.
Welcome to zombocon.
I can see why Winston walked out on this game...kinda...yeah no, definitely dodged a bullet there.
watched this while waiting in queue 10/10
This is the most accurate thing I’ve ever seen
I'm glad they turned off the other overwatch so we could play this new one
Is this a strand type
I'll never understand why people try to play a game on release. It's always an exercise in pain and suffering. Wait till the following weekend yall
I've had no crashes.
Dunkey, my favorite black youtuber
Imagine taking down the first games servers and still having a queue on release
What the hell were they expecting when making this f2p? If Tf2 could do it so easily why couldn't they?
I didnt hop on yesterday but honestly im glad i didnt. Ive been so hyped for O2 up til the point they released a battlepass and announced the new characters will only be unlocked there.
After a full two days of waiting.. I have yet to actually play the game with MY account, I linked everything and did everything but non of my cosmetics nor characters are there
1:14 Thanos Snap
The fact that OW1 is gone makes me sad. This shit launch makes me sad. The ridiculous monetization schemes make me sad. I anticipate much disappointment in the future.
Role que.
I’m a huge fan and I’m really upset forget about finding a game I have the watchpoint pack that I paid $40 and it’s doesn’t exist when I log in and also have none of my skins transferred over from overwatch 1 disappointing
A queue simulator: genius move
This is genius
This is the first queue-type game that dunkey had tried. Truly a masterpiece.
this is a a normal tuesday expansion launch  for us destiny players XD
I was watching this while trying to log on for the 30th time today, and right at 2:24 as I was watching, it let me in and I enjoyed over 15 matches without getting booted a single time. It's like this vid was my good luck charm...
there is a little something for everyone, 9.5/10.
How many battle passes do I need to skin my queue screen?
I normally play the loading screen more than any game because I'm pretty terrible. So I know the pain
The fact that role queue is in this game makes Overwatch 2 scarier than any other horror game
"Heroes never die!". Because they never get to go to battle 🧠☝.
Truly breathtaking.
If you bought this game day one or preordered your everything wrong with gaming and you should be ashamed of yourself if you weren’t expecting this to be a trash heap then ur either stupid or gullible.
man these game's start menu's get better and better every year
tbh the login screen is better then overwatch so 10/10
"Incredible. This game makes you FEEL like you're wasting your time"  11/10 - IGN
It's the first _______ type game. Stellar.
The best loading screen sim everr
Overwatch 2? more like 20k queue!
I waited and finally got my turn, it made me do the QR code to log in and then the website kept crashing and then the game reloaded and I was back in the queue. Best gameplay I’ve seen yet. 10/10
any chances of load% queue speedrun?
Blizzard has been killing it with these battle royales.  The most innovative part of wotlk classic and I'm happy to see it in Overwatch 2.  Can't wait!
I honestly think the 30000 player que wait time isn't a real thing, but a psychological tool used to make people think the game is popular. It's the equivalent of being put on hold for extraneous amounts of time by customer service and listening to some funky on hold jam albeit more manipulative.  It's 2022 and it's blizzards pocket book and mass amount of servers..the que shouldn't exist lol.
"OVERWATCH 2",000,000 PLAYERS AHEAD OF YOU
Isn't it happening cause of DDoS attacks?
Small indie company
It's a piece of trash. They shut down my favorite  game to replace it with trash. I'm pretty much done.
Blizzard are the best company, they never ever abuse lowlevel employees.. Nor do they make patronising pandering that would be mocked on -umblr.
"That was a big move, that might be potg"  🤣
Newly added game mode truly inspiring
Lmao still better than wow classic queues rn
Back in the day, people complained about having to wait 2 minutes for a Playstation 1 game to load. Now, in the next generation of gaming we just wait hours to access the servers of a game. Evolution, just backwards
they made the DMV into a game
I didn't even know a second one was in development....shows up much I keep up with it.
SMH they ripped off team fortress 2 by adding a "2" to the name
As a waiting enthusiast myself, this game is an absolute masterpiece.
i enjoyed this too the game play was 10/10 especially with the numbers going up and down you know it depends on how hard you focus and look at them you change them with your mind. it's called the winston
actually did resemble a battle royale
Screw what Blizzard did to OW1. how dare they try to just normalise removing them first altogether. Terrible company.
Do I have to buy a burner phone to make a smurf account now?
Dunkey really makes you feel like you’re playing Overwatch 2
Overwatching the login screen
lmfao
Playing Overwatch 2 really makes you FEEL like a sucker
Can't even play the new waiting sim since I got the wrong type of phone number 😭
I was only able to get in this morning...right before I had to go to school. Now I can't get in anymore.
Dunkey could've had streamer access to OW2 but he chose to play queueing simulator with the rest of us peasants. Fucking love Donsly
We’ll be waiting so long that they’re taking down the servers to prepare for over watch 3
Dead on launch. They said it couldn't be done
And when you get to login into the servers the game says to you fuck you moron and takes all progression away :)
Only Watch became Only Wait.
I’d say it’s still an FPS, a frame per seconds genre type
More like I'm Over Watching the queue screen am I right?
The way the screen stays pending is oozing of the swagger of a black screen. -IGN
😂 that loading time so true
True and Based.
Kinda crazy how I played it and felt like I was playing Overwatch 1. Kinda seems like they just changed the title and called it a day.
This feels like a later Xbox 360 game.
Remember when sequels were good. Like SUPA-MARIO 2!!! Su-supa, Mario Supa-Mario 3! (My all time fav Mario game)
Maybe letting only 10 people in at a time and then kicking all after 1 game wasn't a good idea Blizzard.
Overwatch 2 is ground breaking in that it's the first game to host 30,000 game lobbies with players worldwide!!!!
This always happens in any majority multiplayer game that just comes out. Although these queue wait times are particularly egregious.
You’ll never guess what ad popped up at the end of this video…
I'm sure this will be a top seller in Brazil, for here we love to enter in queues we don't even know what's for... 10/10!
Game of the Year
Imagine playing Blizzard games
You can tell when youtuber/streamer don't have their usual fast pass
You should go back and make a review for Paladins. The most unfair review you have ever done and is way better than overwatch... stop waisting your time with this game
Wow... Just wow blizzard...
Makes Cookie Clicker look like Devil May Cry
So flippin true donkey
Bro you already know the artists are drawing the Kitsune hero already
So glad I sold my PS5. Being addicted to opiates and broke is so much more rewarding
As someone who isn't a fan of OW or its developers Dunkey's gonna look a little silly if he ever backs a multiplayer game that suffers from launch issues
Just go to Asia servers, to the people struggling to get into the game. Deadass they load almost immediately and I haven't been kicked from the servers like I was on American servers.
Um, it's actually pronounced "Whinston" ya IDIOT
This game is the only pioneer in the Load-Em-up genre
thats a lotta winston
Yes
I actually rewatched dunkeys overwatch 1 videos to say goodbye to the game. I miss early overwatch
🤣🤣🤣🤣
Remember in his ow2 beta video he said something like “blizzard, priority one should be getting people into a match”. That aged beautifully
It really makes you feel like you’re on hold with tech support
this is his last overwatch video. for real this time.
I heard they approached Bigmode, but were told and I quote "Nobody's going to buy a game with less than 50,000 people ahead of you"
a true ow2 experience
They had a d dos attack you gotaa chill out and it's literally the same fkin game
w video
This Animated Wallpaper IS AMAZING!
Unironically I was waiting for the 1999 players ahead of me and thinking of watching how Dunkey sees about OW2. Little did I know I was already in the game of battle Royale.
"Wait this is just overwatch 1" Yeah but no with server issues!!!
At this point, you might as well go play Paladin.
So, it's basically a WoW Classic rip-off.
my beard grow longer
Youve got to have absolute fuckin huge balls to jump straight into comp day one of a blizzard release game
It’s a rogue like loading experience
game of the year
TIL overwatch logo is just OW
Dunkey tells his audience "trust me because I want to start a new publishing company."   Then releases the video "Overwatch 2" with what looks like fortnite in the thumbnail???    He's just LYING SO MUCH to EVERYBODY
Blizzard is so cringe
Dunkey getting right into ranked while it makes me play 50 Quick Play games (I played OW for years) makes me uncomfortable.
welcome
OUR LORD AND SAVIOR MAKES ANOTHER GOD TIER VIDEO. THANK YOU LORD DUNKEY!!!
i wanna watch dunkey wait to play overwatch 2 some more
After winning the real game of overwatch 2 theres a tiny shooter underneath it that ultimately seems shoved in last minute should of focused more on the queuing game 😂
End of 2022 business recap: We had Elon Musk buy Twitter but then he didn't want it anymore, then was forced by a judge to buy it and nothing changed and we had Microsoft buy Activision but nothing changed, the servers are just as crappy as ever. Really great job, America is getting back to work! Our innovation and quality shocks the world.
Trust blizzard to make playing the game a lootbox mechanic
Blue Screen Simulator had me, but now, Queuewatch has me even more.
wow even tf2 competitive isn't that bad
They managed to revive a complete dead game by adding a patch to OW and changing the name of the game to OW2. Genius Bob
Great, another shitty ripoff of team fortress. thank got blizzard is dead.
DONGAAAAAAAAAAAA
I think during this time of waiting, Dunkey complete Persona 5 and Persona 5 Royal twice that he decided to make a video about Overwatch 2. Day 816 of waiting for Persona 5 Dunkview
What’s with blizz and never having enough space in their servers on release
Can’t wait for them to remake Overwatch in a few years and rebrand it as “Overwatch 3”.
love this game, i havent played it but i mean i dont know i think it is cool but not really overwatch 1 sucked
at least you go to play I got that error while waiting and reset in que 2 times then said NOPE I dont care about the game that much.
The real overwatch 2, was the friends we made along the queue..
W blizzard
I just want what I paid for back. Overwatch: Origins
Defiantly an interesting direction to take the game, very bold
It was the first queue strand game,  truly ahead of it's time.
Talk about hitting the nail on the head lol. This is too accurate and too damn funny lol
The first and hopefully only wait-type game     wait idle games exist
Nothing will beat this launch for me, the work around to actually play on launch was so convoluted and apparently not know. 2nd day and I've yet to have a dc
Another Blizzard Entertainment queuing simulator, Exquisite 👨‍🦲
Wasn't replacing your old game with a new identical but inferior game the subplot of free guy?
I waited 3 hours. Finally got in, got into a match. I spawned took 2 steps then "DEFEAT" and then before it queued the next game, I got booted from the server. Got very mad, very drunk, made a Twitter account for the sole purpose to shit on blizzard...
oh another dunkey videe, cant wait for more saturated and biased takes based on problems that are completely out of the devs control
Nah for me the game crashes midway without warning then tries to blame me, definitely OP gameplay
Not to mention most of us are waiting for them to give us back 98% of our cosmetics. I have my origins and Genji Oni and a couple other Legendary skins, but not nearly all of them
They deleted OW1 so we can't even play that while we wait in the queue for OW2...
Ah yes the role que update
I like this game because it is so fun 😃
diversity hires
Keeping an eye on your que time gives a whole new meaning to "Overwatch".
The best part is no one really had their hopes up anyway, because ya'know, Blizzard.
Ow2 looks like it was developed by the developers of Fortnite. Can't wait to see Winston hit the griddy on my dead corpse after he builds the statue of liberty around the payload 😎👍
I never got 0 players ahead of you, i always got stuck in 2 players ahead of you, too hard  for me
It started buffering the second he got to gameplay and for a moment I thought it was part of the video lol
Waste of time dude... not enough visual stimulation gdmmit
The loading screen is part of the game, it tests your patience
Only dunky can make a loading screen video funny
Really makes you grateful to have dropped the game.  Now Yakuza is my best friend.
I watched Charlie play this game last night.  He switched to European servers and got in in about three minutes.
On the Overwatch 2 page in the PS Store they've got the trailer for Overwatch 1...  Or, maybe it is Overwatch 2...  Idk.  I can't tell the difference.
The queues are definitely a thing -_- I just hate whoever thought a ddos attack on OW2 launch would be a good idea in any capacity. That's a cruel thing to do to countless players and the devs themselves. Idc if we all agree blizzard sucks but ddosing a launch like this to make or worsen issues like these is reprehensible behavior
It's kind of surreal being told there are 20 or 30k people sitting there just like you, probably feeling like a sucker to go through all that waiting for no payoff. One big dmv simulation
Blizzard really marketing to the Chinese demo with the load style game.
Can't believe I'm gonna say this but Splatoon 3 had a smoother online launch... Nintendo's Online did better than Overwatch 2! That's kinda scary... 😳
This game is called wait 4 hours to play overwatch 1
My god can y'all come up with a comment that isn't "really makes you feel like X"
Bruh I got an overwatch 2 ad on this video
I want to laugh....but I'm staring at the same screen. Only diff is "2000". No changes for 20 minutes now. 2nd day of launch. AAA game company folks.
this reminds me of my 2011 NFL Superbowl commentary.
Sonic 06 has met it's match.
This is nothing. Try getting into Minecraft's 2B2T servers during the YouTube invasion.. lol   Actually played a bit of it last night and it was actually pretty good. Maybe because I was stomping noobs but still.
Damn, these new rogue-like loader games are crazy!
The fact that 40,000 people want to play Overwatch 2 is impressive enough to me on it's own.
I made the mistake of trying to eat some ice cream while watching this. Thanks to this video I inhaled several m&ms along with ice cream due to laughter. Thank you.
I watch this video as my girlfriend and I are waiting in queue lol
EA wish they thought of this to make a quick profit.
It seems they are trying the World War 3 game style of loading.
That twist in the middle. Omg I feel you bro.
I see they buffed Sombra like crazy in overwatch 2
Amazing video!!! Never experienced a game more than this video has allowed me to 😂😂😂
im almost top 100
Dead game
You think the people who bought the Watchpoint Pack got Priority Queue? cuz sure feels like it.
Overwatch 2?  MORE LIKE OVERWATCH 0.01
Splatoon 1 servers: Still Alive Overwatch servers: Dead Overwatch 2 servers: Dead on Arrival Nintendo keeps winning baby! how they do that???
I can beat act 1 and 2 of ultrakill before the game even loads 20,000 people in
40000 :)
NO WINSTON!?
The people can't complain about the game if they can't play the game. Brilliant move from Blizzard
And here we all thought that long loading screens in older games were an issue.
do lego star wars skywalker saga  tahnsku dunjke'ty
What a deep and inspirational take on this little Indi game
Cricket mobile customer: you guys are getting to queue?
Take it easy guys, it's an indie company.
anyone in a chat that is playing this game... "dude game sucks, OW1 way better, chat help cant get in, worst game launch ever, tanks OP, buff the character i play, i just uninstalled, 2 tanks better"
Still don't understand why so many people want to play the same crap game from 5 - 6 years ago
Trash game, trash company.
Oh so it’s a point and click?
i had 80K in a queue yesterday
Queuing simulator
Took me 1 minute to get through the queue last night. I stopped playing after 20 minutes.
watching this video while sitting in the queue is peak overgatch
It's new genre of gaming
Still better gameplay than valorant.
I hate how hard I laughed at this damn video.. another top tier mastahpiece dunkey mah boi
Bro this is worse than taking a trip to dmv 😫 😩 😒 😭
Ow1 was dogshit now ow2is even bigger dogshit with dogshit maps and 2 new heroes. Wooooow overwatch 2gys. New game pls give us money. Fucking sad.
I absolutely love this. Excellent. Top of his game.
I waited an hour and a half. When i finally got in and loaded into a match the lag was just so damn bad!
Let’s hope there is no sbmm:o
I have 8 hours in the load screen and 0 hours actually playing the game. Perfection
As much of a disaster this is, its due to mass DDoS attacks- its really a tricky situation
It's every game if you are from SEA region
When you fire all the socially awkward nerds who can do their job correctly and replace them with gays and women who only care about identity politics, what the fuck did they think was going to happen?
Fuckin' A, man.  Fuckin' A.
i cant beleive i eat the whole thing
my favorite part of this game so far is that i got to sit through this just to be told my phone number isnt good enough for blizzard so I just dont get to play Overwatch anymore.
This game is like a Disneyland experience, you wait for hours in a line only for an underwhelming result.
The fact that they got rid of Overwatch one and replaced it with sonic 06 loading screen simulator 2 really does say a lot about the video game industry
i truly understand what its morbin time means now
Overwait
I think it looks pretty cool idk
Ah, so they borrowed the net code from 343 Industries.
This game in its genuine state is awful. Miss OW1 so much
Actually I figured it out so you wait seven hours to get through the queue and then you have to add your SSN to verify your account and then you wait through the queue again (2 hours this time) and then watch the game fail to connect to a server, then you open Gundam Evolution and play that instead best Overwatch sequel we could've asked for
Another Master Piece
No winston please
Hey look it's the 2b2t experience!
Know what my favorite part of going to a theme park is? Waiting in the line. Overwatch 2 captures that feeling flawlessly with this new installment. 10/10, would wait again.
I wanna be Winston
This game actually feels like a joke by Blizzard as their final middle finger as they're about to collapse.
Queue type game
They're giving every player a chance to check out ALL of the newest rule 34 content all while delivering the ever-so-exciting, loading simulator labour of love by Blizzard Inc.  Truly a timeless masterpiece.
i still didnt manage to enter the game since yesterday lol
Nah man overwatch died a long time ago dunkey we can’t even defend it coming from spending 6000+ hours played dude it will never ever be as great as 1
that ddos hit diferent
Lame.   Tf2 is the only class Mp I bother with.  Overwatch reminds me of “fake” people who just follow mainstream fads. GameStop workers who didn’t play video games until they worked there & then only push what the corporate leaders say… or just play cause other people in their lives do. There is no passion.
Overwatch 1.5
accidently paused video and then i thought my game crashed and was frozen
ded xD
Hahahahahahaha
"It makes you feel like you are playing a game."
You see Dunkey, when the que number hit 0, and then jumped back up to 40000, that's because you won that match. But Overwatch 2 is so on top of getting players into matches that you were automatically sent into a new match.
god that ending was so good
This “game” is a pathetic excuse of cashgrab
AJSDHFKAJSHDFJKASHDFJKASDFH I CANT
My logo is very nice, ladies. A nature thing of some sort. Ladies like that right? Also, Overwatch has been bots for ten years now. I call it Underwatch for a reason.
This game make you absolutely feel like waiting for eternity
10-12 hour queues in WotLK classic. 10-12 hour queues in OW2. It's almost like they need to invest in more servers.
Im dying :D it really is a battle royale and the next phase (where u probably wont get to) contains the real game
Very interesting approach for Jeff Kaplan to lean more towards the psychological horror genre instead of the traditional first person shooter genre that were used to seeing but I think I like it
The fact you have to wait to even get to the main menu is hilarious.
.....10/10
This is amazing!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Classic Blizzard, has been through a dozen WoW expansions and still doesn't know how the fuck to load balance logon servers when a new game is released.
This game sucks now
the new queue simulator looks great
man like this videos are just amazing
Top tier game review right here!  No need to research any more before deciding to try it out.
“Lost connection to game server” hmm hard but fair
as games evolve, there are trends and fads that come and go. now, we are seeing one of the oldest ones go out of style - getting to "play" the game
from the first second i knew how this was going to go. actually i havent even gotten past 15 seconds and i know how this is going to go.
I can see now that in the Overwatch 2 there is something for everyone.
my favorite part of this new game is that my entire account is gone! it really makes this game feel especially new and fresh.
I can't believe you don't appreciate STRAND type gameplay
When you're in a line you're never really alone
Queuing up to see the queen was practice for overwatch
Big fan. I'm currently at 500 players ahead of me. Hours in. Love it.
Very dynamic, good animations. A lot of emotions, symbolism. Game of the year.
this game makes u feel like winston
would love to join the line, it's my dream actually, but apparently my phone number is not real and I have no one's I can borrow
Can we talk about how wierd the new sonic game looks.????
The jokes write themselves
Jesus only needed 12 players
I was hoping for this I demand another dunkreview when the PvE comes out
Finally, a strand type queue
Overqueue
Still less frustrating than the original overwatch
so it's loading screen simulator with better graphics and no progress bar but shooting once in a while
I’m Over watching that load screen! Why not add a mini game loading screen?
At this point, blizzard should develop minigames for ppl queueing
Sounds like Ben Shapiro if you speed it up
I like how quick you got a new battleroyal after having to play Overwatch 1 for a few seconds
Sims 2 vibes, except instead of just making a meal and coming back to non-queue gameplay, you can do a full sleep, wake up, make and eat an extravagant breakfast, come back and... read a book or three. And then have to relog because it kicked you and start all over again.
it's a battle of attrition
Call it Overwait
If only overwatch 2 had signed with bigmode this all could have been avoided
Finally, i have been waiting for a review of the loading / queue screen since beta. Thanks Dunkey. I've already got 4 hours into the level and haven't died yet.
This is so weird.. I queued at 3:30 PM EST and got in at 4 PM lol not sure why everyone else kept getting fucked by it.
Finally, they've achieved what Overwatch set out to achieve: An immersive loading bar Watching experience that's never Over.
Step over Anthem, there's a new load screen-type sim in town.
Hahah reminds me of when he tried to okay Runescape
watching this in queue
Ah yes the first no game type game. Blizzard has blizzarded the competition away once again. 🙂
Give blizzard a break, they're a multi-dollar company.
Exhilarating
The world's first queueing-type game, a truly revolutionary archievement
They told us this would happen. They said "there's a new payload game type" we pay, we load.
Wow it's almost like blizz is incompetent or something
Game made for the busy Beijing professional student, dodging the statemandated '2 hours of gaming'.
"While some of the online features need some work, it really offers something for everyone" - 9.5/10 IGN
Quick reminder: you can switch the severs on the battlenet console when opening the game. I’ve been using Asia and I think the most I’ve ever had to wait was maybe 70 people. I don’t have any ping issues either surprisingly.
Too real. Too real 😭
I never expected overwatch 2 to go the cookie clicker route
relatable
they didn't even change the menu jingle, what a fucking sham. its literally the same game
Unfortunately some low life bastard sent multiple Ddos attacks towards blizzard.  The game I think is actually fun but blizzard should have anticipated this and it shouldn't have taken over a day to fix
And I wonder why people still play these type of games.
IGN:  Made me feel like a loading screen 98%
What an embarrassing launch
this games makes You FEEL like you're queuing on a line at the DMV.
I really wanted to go to Six Flags this year, but I couldn’t afford tickets so I got Overwatch 2 instead
This is practice for waiting in line for black friday
Overwatch 2 was developed with Diablo Immortal in mind. The load times are to persuade users to login to Diablo Immortal, if they have phones, to wait out the queue times.
There's only one thing worse than overwatch... overwatch 2
Im out of ideas Dunkyboi  Do new pokes
Got bronze because evvery game some dc on my team lol
Overwatch 2 queue times are making Anthems feel good. Congrats Blizzard! I know it must be hard as an indie game studio to server a normal amount of players
This game makes you FEEL like a loading screen, 8/10
the timing
*you have not unlocked this comment*
Smh Dunkey doesn't even know what an Idler is
Its overwatch but with the ques of overwatch on release AND the role ques of the end of overwatch
Isn't this a little ridiculous for a successful triple A company? I didn't expect Blizzard to have good business practices or make an interesting game but I was at least expecting better server sizes than Nintendo.
Wait, Dunkey I didn't know you were making simulation videos now!
One of the greatest plays of them games of tall time
In the one game I played yesterday I had both of the teams get disconnected and replaced
i still cant play.  whats your status people?
Dunkey made this video 3:14 long I think this is a nod to the overwatch logo where if you look very closely, it is a circle
“Let’s start with the good” ***begins to describe the logo Me: Oh this game is dogshit
It has a little something for everyone.
the queue is just a new loading bar they thought of to make people think it has a playerbase
Where’s pve?
Someone should make a mod that changes the ui to the overwatch 1 ui then make the first true spot the difference type game
Usually I am a high diamond low masters player tank and healer with High plat low diamond DPS. I got placed in B1 i immediately uninstalled and will never look at this game again.
I think many players will come to appreciate the more slow, simplistic approach to game design Blizzard has taken. It'll be a lot easier for new players to get a hang of the gameplay mechanics for sure!
I guess you can say Overwatch 2 needs a 'Bigmode' hehe
I hate that the gameplay is interrupted by the shooting.
Overwatch 2 means double the waiting time than Overwatch 1 Dunkey.
Man really made me laugh at a loading screen
Now a good logo is always underrated, i appreciate dunkey giving the logo the respect it deserves
Lmao most accurate review. Thx dunkey 💩
LOL im laughin pretty hard at this one lol play of the game!!
Yeah this is about what I expected. I firmly believe this game is going to be worse than 1 and so far not looking good lol.
This new queue type gameplay is a breath of fresh air amongst all the battle royale games that saturate the market
Dunkey must love math the way he made this video 3:14 long
yeah same
The moment I saw your video be an Overwatch 2 vid I thought “Is this man gonna show the loading screen game” and sure enough you did not disappoint 😂😂
I knew this video is going to be a diss for the queue BS
At least it's better than the first stranding game
Gotta hand it to them they really know how to make a great queue simulator
2:05 That reboot van was crazy
I took a nap and woke up still waiting in loading screen
Did they actually get rid of the monkey character I thought he was cool
OMG YYYEEESSS!!!! This is Pure GOLD!!!!!
Game devs have been trying for DECADES to get rid of loading screens. Overwatch 2 has finally brought back the best parts of those classic video games.
connect to the Asia servers in the morning and apparently you get in real fast
Blizzard have showed their hand across multiple titles how they are now a soulless corporation, stop buying and accepting this shit guys.
I thought the orange box was a nod to the orange box which contained TF2
Remember zombies? Catchpoint football. Magic johnson has nothing. Rating sticker! Top five of all TIME! 100 Player max. Tacos are good!
Thought I was the only one what a relief !!!
Dunkey is pretty good at trashing a game without actually trashing a game.
Classic!
I came here for the logo review... and I was not disappointed
Yeah Blizzard's a trash company me and my brother have been playing since beta we use a discount service for our telephones for family plans cuz we have four people cricket but they don't accept Cricket T-Mobile or mint mobile I don't want to pay more money for the family plan nor am I going to spend money per monthly just to play a game that doesn't have a subscription
Imagine waiting 5 hours and then your teammate says "I'm already Genji" when you want to be Genji, and then when you want to be McCree, they say "I already chose McCree"
no way, gta 5 watch 2
more Dunkey logo reviews
It’s just overwatch 1 with less overwatch
Even EA games had a decent server for Apex launch lmao
I tried playing on PS5 and i was waiting with 0 players in the que.....
dont forget the fact that you cant play this game for free unless you have a contract phone
It is not the destination. It is the journey
LOL
Seems like Blizzard Entertainment is trying to break into that very desirable market of 'Idle games' with their new iteration of Overwatch.
This might actually be the best game of all time
In this game you really FEEL like Overwatching.
O boy they made loading simulator 2 afther being in gta 5 for all those years
Man I haven't seen such exiting gameplay since one of those mobile game scams that just keeps giving you ads in an endless loading screen!
The joke is funny but what is even funnier is that the game got ddosed so hard
There is loading in it for everyone. 10/10
Excellent review
What a nice homage to old arcade games by only allowing one person to play at a time
Dont even get me started post-paid phone lines
Nah Dunkey 💀💀💀
Yea..... Good old Blizzard innovation.......
But in all seriousness. What's your opinion on overwatch 1.5? It feels like a completely next level Overwatch experience right?  Lmao get fucked 🤣 enjoy your blizzard game
They should rebrand to Overload
Its the first waiting style game. Who tf spends there time ddos ing fucking game launches just to waste other people's time
Honestly I’m pretty good at this. I’ve won a match and placed top 100 a few times.
The funny thing about this was that dodge these enormous queues on PC was comically easy, all you had to do was change swerved to Europe or asia
I lost all my skins because my account wouldn't link😭
The strand type of loading simulators
It's a shame dunkey's uncle doesn't work at blizzard for a hard line to the server's and to DDOS everyone else trying to play
Only talking
Imagining getting ddos attacked in 2022
We need overwatch 2 2
🐐🐐🐐
You did the same thing my buddy did. Sorta
30,000 bro 💀💀💀💀💀💀
Imagine blizzard not having log in issues..... this happens with literally every game they release or update.. it's been like this since forever.
This game reminds me of Gex
I already knew we'd be getting a Dunkey video on this haha
I never felt so disappointed in my life before. If I ever see Jeff Kaplan in the street I will spit on his face. Even though he is not directly responsible, he had the option to burn the whole overwatch building.
It’s a maaasssttttaaaa peeeiss!
Who watching this while waiting in queue
Out of all the ways I saw the Overwatch launch being botched…this somehow wasn’t one of them.
Truly one of the of all time
I just had to restart my computer, because after more than an hour, I finally got into a server, atleast I thought I did, but really it just crashed
bad video
This is just Overwatch 1 with a waiting mini game.
Did they finally add black ooze to this game??
On blizzard launcher, change your region to Asia. When you load in, it'll reconnect you to NA servers. Enjoy
XENOBLADE 3 SPOILERS!
First stranded in the lobby game. Amazing!
Hausemaster at it again
THIS IS PERFECT
The PG13 version of Overwatch. No violence. No game. Just meditation for those children. Reflect.
If only they would open their doors and welcome their playerbase as easily as they do to female fiddlers smh
Call me when Overwatch 3 comes out
Nice of Blizzard in invite us to the queue, eh Luigi?
This is the first strand type game, nobody has ever been stranded in a loading screen before
LMFAOOOOO i love dunkey’s videos
it really makes you FEEL like breaking your TV
Patience is the name of the game 😏
What a fucking disgraceful video game
It really makes you feel like Overwatch
MASTERPIECE.
The fact they've turned off OW1 servers demonstrates to me how much of a cash grab this shower of shit is.
anyone know what the outro music is from?
I can't believe they copied Final Fantasy XIV Endwalker
I was like "what the duck dude, why are you gonna play this sh*t? " but at last i get it... love u
It's a bold move to switch genres like this. But I think it was a good idea making overwatch 2 a stand in line simulator.  It clealry paid off too, its so popular they cant get less than 40,000 playing at once.
Looks boring!
You left out one the best parts, finding out you can no longer play Overwatch at all because Blizzard doesn't like your phone plan. Truly revolutionary, I can feel the new stronger safety waaaay out here.
They stated that they have been suffering massive DDOS attacks since launch. I know we all love to dunk on Blizz but c'mon, I think they deserve the benefit of the doubt. This reeks of sabotage.
You would think that they but it came up with the solution to this problem even before it began. My heart goes out to everyone who actually tried to play this game.
Dunkey said that in the preview blizzards job is to get people into a match and they still failed to do that
As a Brit, I've been waiting for a Queue Simulator game my whole life, and now I finally have it. Thank you Blizaard!
The long wait times aren't that great, everything else feels great! Love how the pace is faster.
Honestly the most insulting release of this year
Lol
Real talk though.  how was Diablo Immoral, and everything else Blizzard did this last summer not just become the final straw?  Why are you supporting them as a games company?  Do they literally have to sacrifice children to the devil?  Would you play Blizzard games if they did?
I didn't even have the patience to watch the video let alone the game
There's no winston, because I'm already winston.
Yo, I need a Dunkview of Hunt: Showdown
My favorite part was after getting through the queue I had to go to dumbass school play training and slowly unlock the game modes I wanted to play. Along with the heroes. And all my old skins which are still in the game are locked again.  Great game. It really hits that nostalgia hard by taking me back in time to when overwatch first came out by removing everything that was added and making me unlock it all over again.
Load-like IS New genre nobody could expected. Can't wait to see the Netflix serie so we could learn more about the lore
I saw that IGN gave this an 8/10. This game must be ass
Woah Overwatch 2 has loads of content
Just remember, people have to give their personal phone number to this company in order to wait in that line.
I love Queue Simulator
I feel like we played Russian roulette in this game. Like passing the disconnect gun to eachother between my friends. We found a game, one of my friends got disconnected, we capped the point one of my other friend got disconnected. We won the first map, the game dropped me off too. So only one of us was left in the game. To lose it because auto-refilling is slow af.
At this point there is no excuse for overloaded servers.
Blizzard? Having issues on launch day? Nooooooooooooooooooooo waaaaaaaay who coulda guessed ittttttt
Really makes you feel like a loading bar.
"the best wait of the year award" needs to be created for this masterpiece.
At least you didn’t click merge accounts popup….
This is arguably the single worst sequel in videogame history. It was nothing more than an excuse to re-monetize the game, so they can lock heroes behind a grind/paywall, and skins exclusively behind a paywall. This is what the original Overwatch died for. I never expected AAA gaming to get any better anytime soon, but I didn't expect it to get this bad either.
i cant believe blizzard re-released overwatch but with "2" added, so people would rebuy all cosmetics again and nobody seems to care
Classic wow. Overwatch. can't even upgrade your darn servers blizzard what the actual f
I wonder what happens if one of Dunkey’s indie games has launch issues.    Does he still dunk on it, or will he plead for patience from fans?
343 fucking up a live service game, Sledgehammer completely dropping the WW2 pretenses and now Blizzard somehow having the incompetence to put a waiting queue in the title screen of the game. If there's a comedy award then someone's definitely a candidate.
i love monkey
The best part of Overwatch 2 is that I couldn't even take part in the battle royale because I use a prepaid cell service
finally i cna play winton again!$#@!
10/10, really makes you FEEL like Overwatch, emphasis on watch [the queue]
I'm winning right now I'm at 799
I died xD LOL too funny!  Blizzard WTF?
Battle royale’s have had this technology for ten years, indie developers have had less challenges with connectivity. Blizzard managed to break an indestructible rule. “Rule #1: if you can actually play it, technically it’s a videogame”
GAME OF THE YEAR
Wow, the true fans who have been waiting too long for this, and for no reason, can now take comfort in seeing Blizzards true colors. Yay, loot boxes are gone, for now, no opening Halloween theme for release, even though it's fucking October. And to top it off  the main new feature in the game is fucking gone. Its not here.
the wordplay “overwatch” as you’re forever over watching the title screen is arguably better then the last of us 2’s plot
But is it better than Knack 2?
I never played over watch but after seeing this video I need to play... Even though this game is a copy past of for honor...
This game really makes you FEEL like there are 30000 players ahead of you.
Overwatch makes you feel like you have the exaggerated swagger of a black teen
Even the description of this video slaps, wtf dunkey why'd you have to do it to em this hard. mastapiece
copying final fantasy xiv endwalkers gameplay i see
I went from 20k to 30k to 0 to 40k to 0 to 2k  Riveting experience
Overwatch only had one side shave, overwatch 2 better have more side shaves.
the 2b2t of normal people
British people everywhere must love this game, I'm not even sure The Queue had quite so many people waiting
If only Deathloop were this engaging
Looks like absolute shit
I’d seen the loading screen on Reddit but I thought it was a queue for matchmaking, not for… the menus
Remember when Overwatch 1 released Blizzard was on top of the world and a model of good game company. Now Overwatch 2 is the exact opposite.
Wow So Morbius 10/10 Thank You IGN For The Stellar, In Depth, Completely Unbiased Review. I Will Now Go Buy This Game.
... I don’t mean to brag but I made it through one whole game before the server gave me the boot.
Overwatch 2 is the most game ever.
I was reading while in queue I looked up and was around 20/18, I looked at my tablet and when I looked back up I was 40000. I finally got it in, it said server error
Fortnite has competition
cynicism
The name is actually very fitting: we really are watching over the screen for 2 hours.
Finally.. a game that Dunkey sucks at
yeah seems about right
this game is incredibly healthy for people who want to quit gaming slightly
Looks amazing. I’m gonna call GameStop right now and preorder my tickets to the Dark Knight
Overwatch 2 is so quality, it's like a Rolex watch. There's a long queue. You gotta respect it.
Overwatch 2 feels like a valve sabotage to get more players into TF2 so they'll actually buy stuff from shop rather than trading
no fair, the first lobby i played with were all campers :/
I’m writing from the future, The Last Of Us - Expanded Remastered Revelations Revolution EX Edition has released for the Ps26. I have 3,000 people ahead of me in the queue.  My father wanted me to play this game, it looks as though I will have to leave his wishes to that of my grand children.
Big, bigger, great ! Soooo good the video
I played 2 and a half matches. More then can be said by most people 😂
All of the strategy, contemplation, and willpower required to play makes this such a unique experience
I like this Dunkey alter ego for the "best" games, I'd like to refer to him as G-Dunk
Blizzard finally shaking up the their classic formula of stealing other peoples ideas and instead come with something brand new with this innovative load screen simulator
I cant believe blizzard copied Endwalker like that
What double DDOS attacks does to a motherfucker
I keep tryna double tap my tv screen to jump ahead 10 sec
It truly is one of the games that was ever made
You spent a thousand bucks to play Half Life: Alyx.  Dust that index off and give us a Bonelabs review, nerd!
I hope you don't continue to give this company more free advertising.
i knew this video was coming jhbfvds
low effort and not funny please make better videos
This literally always happen with any Blizzard title at launch in the history of existence
It actually runs a crypto miner on your computer.
THE LEVEL OF SHADEEEEEEE
This is one of my favorite in-queue-type-games on the market
I guess I'm lucky. Only 2000 Players ahead of me
This game really makes you feel like you're sitting alone in your parents' basement
Overwatch 2, the content patch pretending to be a sequel no one wanted to a game that stands perineum deep in a pool of netcode prediction eliminating the need for skill progression and undermining its entire reason to exist, esports clout.  Like a snow filled dumpster on fire.  How is it burning and who the hell paid for this because if you're burning mountains of money fking call me next time, I will take some of that firewood off your hands?  Seriously I will bring my very own dump truck.  Slip me a DM or somethin.
This is exactly the same game as classic world of warcraft except they had 75000 players. Very disappointing, Blizzard.
Is there a way to actually confirm they were DDOSed or can anyone just say that when something goes wrong
I haven't had this issue yet. Thank you.
I made sure to watch this video in 60fps
5/5 better than octopath
Dunkey: "can't wait to play Winston"  >Picks dps
must be a new game type. its like a line up for a ride that shuts down all the time. i wanna play!
Overwatch Queue
Lmao I was sitting in que and was like I’m gonna watch some youtube
They're a small company and this is the first online game of this scale that they've ever launched. Let's cut them some slack guys!
I'm a hardcore Overwatch fan, and I've been more hyped for this PvP release more than PvE because I think that Overwatch is a very unique online shooter, I think Overwatch 2 is far greater than Overwatch 1, I have not had this fun in years in an online game.  However, all the monetization thing sucks so much, I don't think battlepass is a bad model at all but how they implemented it is so bad. The progress is soooooo SLOW, I've played 10h these last 2 days and I'm only lvl 17. Also the shop prizes and locking heroes behind a grind paywall...   This game is soo greedy, I expected different from a game that was 60 dollars before, I'm so sad because of these changes, I really hope community forces Blizzard to make changes :/
This is the best 2b2t simulator I have ever played
blizzard game = dont download  pretty easy forumla to follow
Waiting in line to play video games. Blizzard is sure bringing back the 80's nostalgia.
overwatch 2 is just overwatch 1 minus the gameplay
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
still waiting in q
Oh this is just overwatch 1.  Lol
this is just a great look at what the game actually has to offer, great video!
No way this is how it works
Actually the goal is to figure out how to get into the fucking game. Maybe Konami code
Rofl blizz tricked players into waiting 9 hours to play the original overwatch but with a battle pass
I wonder how many people are watching this waiting in queue
Welcome to the digital line ride...Lol
First we had rogue-likes, then we had souls-likes. Then Kijima hit us w/ the strand-likes...now, now we evolve to the load-likes genre.
Thanks papa
Dunkey has always been the best loading screen champion
LOL I fucking love you Dunky.
I turned the game on yesterday so excited to play soon!
funny
Yes! That’s what I call “game play”
Watching a Screen Over and Over -> Watching a Screen Over *2 -> Watching Over 2 -> Overwatch 2 Incredible
"Overwatch 2, it's like Overwatch, except you have over 2 times the queue time, over 2 times the disconnects and over 2 times the amount paid for the same game!!!"
I had an interest in playing Overwatch, but now that Overwatch 2 came out, I no longer have interest.
Overwatch 2 worked properly for me around like 10pm. Once I actually got in I thought it was great
First there was loading screen game,   Now there is title screen game.
What a joke
i mean like pressing that cancel button could constitute as gameplay
My level of shock to Overwatch 2 being garbage is about as startling as the sun rising in the east and setting in the west.  If you want a good class based shooter (it is PvE though) with a developer that actually cares, play Deep Rock Galactic.
The Asia server can get you into the game in a few seconds.
Who knew Blizzard could make a game that feels like you're at the DMV.  Truly astounding 10/10
I want to believe that Dunkey is just punking us, but I somehow believe that this is happening in real time.
it's got a little something for everyone
before watching I knowing there’s absolutely no gameplay
RIP Blizzard/Activision
is there any reason to play overwatch 2 if you played overwatch 1 until the wheels fell off in 2016-2018?
Overwatch 2 is a game
2 whole days of no ow2 :OOOOO
I'd rather play Splatoon 3 rather than this heaping pile of shit.
It’s almost like they got dDossed……
Then when or IF you get in...it's just a worse version of the first game  And PUSH fucking sucks
I was sitting in the queue at 30000 players ahead of me when it dropped to 20000 but imagine my surprise  when it shot back up to 30000 1 minute later
L vid
Tricks on you, can't complain about the game if you can't play it :D
It's a first person loader. Can't wait for the inevitable Queen's coffin queue simulator.
Make ur own server
Genius
Game of the year. Love this gameplay
Loading screen simulator 2 is just ahead of its time
And at the end of the day dunkey will still get hate for this video
I still remember vividly your warning to Blizzard for this game: If you fuck this up, I will fuck you up. Looks like your warnings were not heeded.
8 hours to get into the game.
Can't wait till they remaster this masta-peece!
I'm glad I dont game during peak hours.
Can’t wait for this game to come out!! 🤪
Really love how they emphasised the 'watch' part of the Overwatch title by having you watch the same loading screen for 4 hours. So clever
Overwatch 2 was developed by Blizzard’s British division. Hence the bold strategy to move from a team based hero shooter to a queue simulator. Very popular in Europe but likely won’t resonate with the American fans as much.
I just hope everyone gets their refunds
I heard they got Michael Winston to do the sound effects. Exciting stuff
Ahh yes my favorite game of the year, 5 hour wait 2 hour play time
I can’t believe no one know that’s it’s a massive DDOS attack and not just servers
I miss old Blizzard. Activision is worse than garbage.
Wowza! This looks incredible!
Bruh
The exact same game 2
My favorite part about overwatch 2 is seeing 299 players ahead of you making you think you have little to wait left only for you to look away for 2 seconds and now it’s 20000
I got in and didnt have all the heroes unlocked. Ive played overwatch since launch on PS and for the last three years on PC.
I still haven’t played and it’s been out for almost 2 days now 🍷🗿
Only dunkey can get me to sit through a video about loading. And indeed, go on to watch that video multiple times...
This game really makes you *feel* like you're suffering a denial of service attack.
How’s the speedrun look?
Overwatch 2 really makes you feel like you’re waiting to play Overwatch 2.
they thought of everything in this sequel the only way they can top this in overwatch 3 is if they make a crossover with big wheel and or knack
ye I played my first game, was having fun on new orisa, and then that happened. Safe to say all my enthusiasm for it has disappeared just like my spot in the queue constantly disappears 😅
Though it is a Load Type game. It is also a Strand type game as well. Waiting would make anyone feel stranded. A true miracle in the works.
yo its the dark souls from the fighting games
And then the ad at the end is for Overwatch
I go on it and then i go in and realise its just normal overwatch then i go off for the foreseeable future
So far i've played 2 games
Not 100 percent they were ddosd
You can feel and smell years and years of experience  in online games and how to set up a server at  Blizzard.
I think I understand now, the name overwatch means spending excessive amounts of time staring at the queueing screen. Truly Blizzard is the most honest game studio out there, very transparent about what to expect gameplay wise.
i lost every match, even when there were 0 people in my match.
You NEED to play TERRARIA!
Waiting 30,000 for it to go to 100, 50, 20, then 0, then 30,000 again made me want to die.
Worth the wait, several thousand players also waiting. Love the waiting atmosphere, super fun, very calming to wait along to, 10/10 patience
Don't give Kojima any ideas
How come you didnt put in your cell phone number?
This game is the first true 4D Auto Chess
Lol i saw this video coming.
Smell that? Thats r34 artist salivating.
I got a fucking OW2 ad while watching this video if only I could get into the game as easy as that
That might be play of the game, incredible
Can we stop shitting on Cyberpunk 2077's launch now? I think we got one that's WORSE.
Queuewatch 2.
incredible
I'm disappointed 30,000 people are even trying to play this garbage.
i actually hate blizzard and i hope this game flops
I really reflect on life when playing this game
I love playing this game while getting ready for work, cooking, cleaning and sleeping!! I could play it 24/7 if I wanted too!
Overwatch Queue
Even in the future nothing works
Then there’s me who can’t play because I have “post paid phone number”🥲
It really make you *feel* like you have no internet
this is the first strand-type que.
So glad Dunkey is supporting small indie dev company blizzard
OH MAY FUGGIN GAHD
Meh, Knack 2 is still better imo
It's Overwatch 2, the aptly named turn-based strategy game!
Reverse-BR is an all-new completely unexplored game idea. Instead of the winner being the last guy left alive, it is actually the last guy left loading.
Looking forward to the day Bigmode publishes a multiplayer game, then when the servers have issues on day 1, people can shit on dunkey for this video as if he is Blizzard > Activision > Microsoft > Jesus Christ
You must understand. Microsoft, Activision, Blizzard is just a small indie company and simply can't afford more servers on launch day.
Hey! It's like Fortnite but orange!
Imagine if they spend all the resources they use on stalking their players into actual servers instead.
Best "survival" game of the year
Hello Mr dunkey
Looks better than expected
This Review is 100% accurate
Welcome to our scam called overwatch 2 because we at blizzard love for you to hand over phone numbers in order to leak your information and you are at risk please don’t blame us and welcome to scamerwatch 2
Much better than that trash Queue Simulator.
I haven't loaded in once since 12pm pst yesterday. But I feel it is just as painful as getting kicked out after 3 mins.
my favoirte charcter moneky
Got stuck on this screen for an hour eventually I got into a game of tutorial then practice then a game of 6 v 6 then it was the same game as the first one and I quit it 😂😂😂😂😂
wow Overwatch went into the Strand genre
Overwatch 2. "We added more female characters for rule 3er... I mean our female playerbase. And we rebalenced the game by making it 5v5."
Easily game of the year.
Welcome to Overwatch 2! After 9 years of development, hopefully it was worth the wait.
When does overwatch immortal come out so I can play this on my phone?
This really makes you feel like you're loading.
Numberwatch2 is looking great.
😂😂😂😂
Even if overwatch 2 is a success dunkey wouldn’t admit it lmao
This game really makes you feel like you're queueing for the queen's coffin.
To be fair I managed to get in after about 5-10 minutes, I don't know, I was watching some Dunkey videos and all of a sudden I was in.
Fuck Blizzard Activision
Quality content
So much better than the original
This game makes me feel like I’m at the DMV
Just play Gundam Evolution.
For a second I thought you were connecting to the Splatoon servers
If only Blizzard had over a decade of launching games
You forgot to mention the fight with other 10000 people for login menu
this game will really connected with fellow strand type enjoyers like myself
Overwatch queue simulator
1:53 must be playing splatum3
watching this while in queue.
It was cool to see that Overwatch 2 is bug prone. Dunkey somehow snuck into a overwatch 1 game, but atleast it quickly brought him back out.
1:14 Play Of The Game
Activision Blizzard, you done it again.
now THIS is the first Strand type game we've all been waiting for!!
he jokes but this is pretty accurate to the game. it's hilariously bad.
Ow2's launch is like a guy telling you he'll cook you an entire Thanksgiving feast if you come over to his house, and then when you finally get there after about a weeks drive:  all he has is half a bag of fritos.   To eat one frito you need to do several hours of manual labour.   He also keeps telling you each frito is unique, and worth the work, despite the fact that they're all fritos.  Oh and also he wants you to do this every season.
You can really only blame the players, they didn't buy enough gems for Diablo Immortal, so blizzard had to drop a couple of servers. Maybe next time gamers will think about the consequences of their actions.
GOTY
Man the community will bitch about how bad the game is but yet still wait the queue times
I got a overwatch 2ad
I'll be honest, looks to competitive for me.  Maybe I'll wait until it goes on a Steam sale or something.
The actual MINUTE I realised I couldn’t get in I’ve been looking forward to the Dunkey video on this
A perfect and hilarious summation of what a huge L the launch of the game has been so far
The fucking Bell made me laugh so hard
Who would have thought that CorpoSlop 2 would be just as awful as CorpoSlop 1
Good to see Dunkey giving small indie studios some love.  Hopefully this game gets picked up by BigMode! The devs could use the funding.
Still better than valorant.
Only at 800 now cannot wait to play as my favorite character wonston
I just randomly watched one of your Zelda videos yesterday and never even heard of you and here I am again the next day
For those who don’t know, it’s the shittest game in the universe
Was struggling with WoW queues, thought i'd take my mind off that shitshow and go relax with some OW, turns out the first game is no longer playable and now has a queue.
This video is better than overwatch 2
lol
what the actual fuck is blizzard doing lmao. If they can't even have enough servers for people to play a 15 year old game (wotlk), how tf are people supposed to play overwatch battle pass update?
Imagine Blizzard having all this money for a game that can't get passed the Start Menu
This game makes you FEEL like playing TF2.
Welcome to OverWait 2
It Just works
Crazy how on the 2nd OW was fine, then the 3rd servers down longer for preparation, then the 4th, complete meltdown with high queues that didn't exist 2 days prior, hahaha
I’m about to win my first game of Overwatch 2, there’s only 60 players left
This is like that one time when Dunkey was playing Gex.
Angry Joe would love this game. It's WAY longer than 4 hours!
overwatch 2 in a nutshell
Overwatch this loading screen 2
i dont wanna complain to hard but the shits poorly balanced
perfection
the 2 actually stands for 2 times more waiting
The Brits are gonna be world champs of the first queue-type game!
It only took me 4 hours (collectively) to get in...
Rookie move, playing on PC. Consoles have the "no cancel button" buff.
It’s…. 3rd person?
Haha I haven't played Overwatch and it looks like I may never get to play Overwatch 2 🤣🤣🤣
i just wish i could stay positive like dunkyjin but i keep finding myself overcome by rage whenever any reality infused data slips past my mental buddha firewall :/
This reminds me of back when Cockstar released GAYTV's multiplayer in 2013, a few weeks after the game was released and people could only play single player. It was hype finally getting to go online, and after carefully crafting my character, I found that the first night experience, for me and 6 million other players, was just staring at your character next to a car while the session tries to load, but you eventually get an error screen. After tons of retries, hours and hours of waiting, and just more error screens staring at your character next to that car, you would eventually just give up and go back to playing single player.  Good times. It was actually better than knowing what online would actually become, having to buy shart cards to afford stuff you want, and also getting death-matched in free roam by every stranger within mini-SMG range.   We need to go back, back to earlier times, or just make games great again. We know big companies won't do it. (Except Big Mode 🤐)
Overwatch 2 is the most shameless "sequel" I've ever had the displeasure of experiencing, lazy ass Blizzard.
This is a great video. I am however very disappointed Dunkey didn't mention the curves on the rectangle in the Overwatch 2 logo. I mean how could you forget about the curved corners on the rectangle! Honestly.
There's an overwatch 2? I thought this games died in 2019?
Maybe this wouldn’t have happened if you just kept the servers for the first game up and running, Blizzard.
Like OW 1 alot, played since beta days. Game died for me before the forced installment of OW2 and apparently the saved currency I had is different or no longer works apparently..  but hey battle pass!
It’s just like overwatch 1 how i always be in queue!
Overwatch 1 with extra steps!
Finally, a balanced FPS. When no one can win, everyone does.
More winston
Man this looks like it’s a good competitor for Game of the Year 2022  Watch out Elden Ring
I got in after 6 hours of it opened and my account has no cosmetics I had from overwatch 1 great game
It's like waiting to get into anarchy servers like 2b2t. Lemme wait for laggy gameplay.
From the looks of things rn, overwatch 2 connectivity wise is looking worse than splatoon 3
trash game
You crack me up bud.
lmao
This is just Overwatch 1 with extra steps....
Speaking as an English person I have to say I really appreciate their dedication to the authentic experience in this queueing simulator.
Blizzard developed a new genre. This is the new age of gaming.
They fr just released the same game twice
had to get on at 2am to get in
So can we actually get on the game? 0 in queue on launch when I started it, never even got in. Blizzard can't even launch a game with enough hardware to allow people to play the game. This shit is gonna die even faster than the first one.
crazy how dead overwatch is before its even started
I bought OW 1 when it came out on ps4/ also on pc. Cant play OW2 Because my google fi mobile network is VOIP (can use wifi to call) and is not supported by Blizzards BS SMS feature. Even though my phone number is already linked in my account on their website.
Lmao I love this.
Not only is this the first load type game but it doubles as a horror game!
Honestly I'm surprised that many people are really playing OW2. Would have thought people learned something from OW1.
League champion select is more fun
I got a ad for overwatch 2 in this video
Blizzard did it again! Great experience
future humanity will study this video as one of the greatest works of satire within the 21st century
This game really makes you feel like you're playing a loading screen
This is more or less my experience so far. lol
Queue simulator?😭
I played the queue for about 30 seconds and I have to say, it ran great!
THE FIRST QUEUE-TYPE GAME. What a masterpiece. How do they even come up with such great ideas? O_O
Bold move Cotton, let's see if it works out!
Everyone knew how this was going to end before it started lmao
Blizzard is such a fucking train wreck.
This game really makes you WATCH the queue time until it’s OVER (2)
i couldn't even stay in the queue, it kept kicking me out of the queue...
Jokes aside, everyone needs to learn a little patience. It’s only day 2, and I’m personally amazed they even got the game to vaguely work within the first few hours of release.
this fucking sucks
Truly a mester at the game
I just don’t know how Big Mode will be able to compete in a gaming climate like this
I played one match last night, and despite owning the first game since 2017, I had around 7 or 8 of the old characters locked...
I'm pretty pissed. I played overwatch since the frigging beta and now I can't play ow2 because of this "queue". Blizzard is a bullshit bad company now, EA 2.0
Dunkey kinda sounds limke donkey
I have to say watching dunkey play has really turned me around on this game. After waiting an absurd amount of time to get into the game he actually had all his stuff and could play different game modes. I had no progress, no skins, half the characters were locked and had play the tutorial again but at least I got in and was able to finish a game. 10/10 great game blizzard I'm gonna send you boys some tiddy milk as a treat. Keep up the great work!
Im already tracer
Definitely one of the games of all time
Can you just stream a match of fortnite every week lmao
If they keep us engaged in the queue gameplay long enough, we won’t even think about unlocking the new heroes. Next level business.
As a sick fuck degenerate who is actually playing Wrath of the Lich King Classic, I can confirm that Blizzard does not understand or care about setting up enough servers for their actual player base. You pretty much HAVE to remote in to your PC from your phone while at work or school if you want to be able to play the video game before bed.
It’s my first time seeing Overwatch 2 gameplay and i gotta say, Dunkey is always a maverick with the way he always puts his own spin and creativity and overall style in his approach to gameplay. He does things in Overwatch 2 that i would never think of but at the same time i go “how didn’t i think of that before” truly a mad genius. Also the starting screen says 2016-2022 meaning it’s literally the same overwatch tf
I have no idea how much of this is in chronological order and how much is edited
Accurate as always.
Funniest shit I seen in my life
Most accurate SPOT ON game review I have seen.
tfw you gotta wait in a 40000 queue wait for a patch yikes
The problem is fixed now
Just after the dunkey's video I was able to get in game. Miracle!!!!!!!!!!
Overwatch 2 is definitely one of the most FPS games of all time.
Haha eat it Overwatch, that’s what you bastards get for sending bots into TF2. Enjoy your pile of crap.
Is this Gundam Evolution 2?
In my opinion, managing account is my new favorite mode.
yes
this hurts so much
Blizzard's decision to make Overwatch 2 a second person shooter is paying off big time. Bobby Kotick and Asmongold just gave Fortnite a run for their V-Bucks.
Can confirm, I'm currently on my placement matches. highest sr i got is 2000 players in front of me before a login fail. any tips for climbing the login screen?
Best ow2 meme so far
Aren’t you glad they took away Overwatch 1 so now you can’t play either one
I love that I got an Ad for this game before this video.
I like how "lost connection to game server" looks like part of the title.
This game really makes you *feel* like you're over watching.
just use asia server ez insta login
In-Queue-type games are kinda trending now...
This is the very first queue-type game. Its very revolutionary in that sense.
All the new characters look terrible form what I’ve seen. Not nearly as good as most of the first game’s.
The game can't be doo doo if it doesn't be  *taps forehead*
Real Life really is stranger than fiction
They took the name overwatch way too seriously
Ya know at least he got in for a bit, I’ve been trying the whole time and have not gotten in once
Absolutely unheard of type of game.  Some might say it’s a first of its kind. And we haven’t even seen the campaign yet lol
lol, overwatch ad b4 vid, let's see if dunkey likes it  lol blizzard can't host servers
You can't even play the game unless if you have a post paid phone number. Fucking ridiculous, if you wanna deal with cheaters and hackers buy a good anti cheat
What a joke of a game. Fingers crossed it dies asap
This what blizzard gets for screwing blitzchung
I like the part when Bastion went "it's morbin time" and kills everyone
Wow. The orange rectangle is a reference to the color of the top of the logo. I had no idea but that’s brilliant!
I didnt know overwatch 2 could become the worst game ever, like i knew it would get close but wow. They wont let people with prepaid phone plans play the game. Just... Wow
Overwatch 2 would be game of the year if they only got the rights to use the Jump Force main theme on their loading screens
Dunkey with the NEWEST! Game out! Bookworm adventures
This is the most disastrous launch to the most mediocre game lmao  I wanted to play and I STILL think they deserved that DDOS
I got on first try within minutes but it took my friend 2 hours
Imagine spending years of development and all you can come up with is a UI overhaul, some crisp HDR overlay on top of the original gfx engine, and a handful of new maps and characters.  Time to call it quits, Blizzard.
Blizzard is your #1 gamer paradise, for only all of your time and money down you'll recieve exclusively nothing in return, GG.
Yo u actually got this to load
I was hoping the description was gonna say "This is my last loading simulator video"
It’s everything they promised and more!
Too be fair, blizzard has their hands full trying to treat their employees like shit, so they obviously don't have that much time to make video games.
i'm assuming that this will be dunkey's final overwatch 2 video.
the start was hilarious
lol I had fun playing reinhardt again that's all literally felt like the same game I played 3 years ago 😂 I barely play the game but it's fun I guess
OH MY GOD A NEW DUNKEY VIDEO
Damn couldn't even make it into 4 minutes? guess it wasn't worth it if that's all the time in the video dunkey could give it.
Why create a sequel when you can just rerelease the same game, but shittier and make it so you can’t play the old one
This game truly makes you feel like a load time
I give it a 1/5. Too many DDoS attacks. I'll wait for the next update. ;p
Love that I got an Overwatch 2 ad at the start of this video, might as well be sponsored
You win Bruv. You win. 😂
Overwatch 2, you're getting exactly what you paid for
Dude whaaaaaat that’s so many players in one lobby
Ah it’s the escalator land of games
It's like they expected people to not want to play the game.
I blame PC gamers
First time loading up, was queuing with 0 people ahead of me for 30 minutes. Uninstalled
I actually got to play it it wasn’t that bad surprisingly
Absolute disgrace of a game launch.
"oh this is just overwatch 1" I died
Got an ad for overwatch 2 before the video must be fate🥵
Dunkey, you should have compared it to Blizzard's other new load screen sim, WOTLK classic. I think the gameplay is even cooler because there's a dragon that flies in every few minutes.
5v5 is boring imo, I like 6v6  I didn’t expect this to be what I just watched 😭
Dunkey beat the game when he got to the front of the que. that’s when he got put 40000th as champion of the previous match. Typically br type game
It's nice they put overwatch 1 in it for the fans of the old game. Bold choice.
I love videogame winston :)
the company responsible for World Of Warcraft, the biggest MMO ever, released a multiplayer game 75% of people cant even play. this is a whole other level of absurd
Bold. Maybe even brave
Am I imagining things, or is the orange square around the 2 a different shade than the orange in the logo?
Winston likes this
we ein
Accurate
40000 people were already Tracer
10/5/22
Beside the lack of workshop, etc. I cant believe they got rid of the godtier font and fire-o meter. But kinda no wonder tho since they changed a character name for no reason.
Much better than your preview video. You just gave us the facts this time
Ya know, I was expecting Overwatch (1?) gameplay, but this is even better
I actually hate this game.
Surprised so many people are lining up to play the same exact game
Wow. Brilliant. And sadly so true.
Did this man actually narrate waiting multiple hours to get into a server?
Doesn’t take 500k to max out a character? I’ll wait for the next Blizzard cash grab.
have you played the Mecha Overwatch??
The "2" in Overwatch 2 is for the amount of queues you have to sit through in order to play the game. I'm impressed that Blizzard was able to iterate on one of the core gameplay features of the first game so effortlessly.
"40000 players ahead of you."   Overwatch 2-
The first fps stran type game
classique
How you essential release the same game with almost no changes but now it doesn't work?
and people WANT to keep supporting this shit. some things will never change :/
Blizzard, bursting through the walls of Dunkey's house like the Kool-Aid Man: "Did somebody say Overwatch Battle Royale?!?!?"
Got an overwatch ad before this vid, they know.
Memories of Diablo III launch are coming back to haunt me
loading simulator :D
It's 5pm - it released yesterday - I still can't log on.....
Yeah, that is absolutely my experience with battle royale games
as funny as it is i will say that they are getting ddosed
The OnlyWatch meme lives again
I was in que, got through and then it was just another que
*Overwatch 2 killed Overwatch* Whoever had the brilliant idea of making this game  is probably the most stupid game developer ever.
Overwatch 2; "Should have talked to Bigmode. The 2 box wasn't orange enough."
someone tell me how to find a bookie so i can actually start betting real money on future games failing to have enough working servers on launch.
thx overwatch (-2-) \ -_- /
ouff complain train downvote
It's a shame that the first week of a game launch is like this nowadays... This is nothing new
After 3 seconds of video : oh I see what this is gonna be ...
Missed opportunity to call this Overhammer 40k Dawn of Queuefare
my favourite part about overwatch 2 is when everybody says it's 'watchin' time' definitely one of the games of all time.
2b2t players:  “First time?”
doesnt matter, people already paid for the game.
I'm seeing some really disappointing gameplay in this video, Dunkey. That jump from 0 to 40,000 was just sad. Might wanna stick to reviewing logos from here on out
dunkey got dunked.
I was rank 1 in overwatch and I was very excited to see the orange cancel button made a return
I open up the game and start at number 20 lol
"RuneScape players will love it!"
It's Battlefield 2042 Launch all over again 😆
The easter eggs hidden in this game blow me away
Sometimes it's a reverse battle Royale. You go from having 400 players ahead of you to 2000! Truly unique BR game play
The only thing I hate about it is the battle pass, that was the one thing keeping OW from being like every other bullshit game
“Welcome to Overwatch 2”   *boots the game up and getting reset to level 1 losing all of your skins*
Is this the fat lesbian simulator game?
It’s good to see this game stay to the classics. Clearly a very Intelligent design choice
You're losing it dunkey, your videos have been pretty boring lately
I love how Blizzard turned OW2 into a Sombra ARG
this isnt trending in gaming..?
I almost gave up then at 4:20am it let me in. Thats when I knew it was meant to be.
Such ambitious and innovative gameplay has led me to forget any wrongdoings Blizzard or their employees have committed.  This game gets a Innocent/10
My OW2 gaming experience so far - 30k players ahead of you - 10k players ahead of you - 800 players ahead of you - 300 players ahead of you - We were unable to log you in. - 40k players ahead of you - Please log in  HELLA fun gameplay
I'm having fun with Gundam Evolution tbh
Can’t believe Blizzard just copy and pasted themselves
Truly perfect strand type game
dunkey can do a video game video without actually playin the game! incredible! he is the goat of youtube
I can't believe Bigmode single handedly financed the development of Overwatch 2.
rip
Keep check for updates my console had 5 the last hit me in first try no error 250 ahead good luck chanp
yep I say again... shut down overwatch 2 servers and just keep overwatch updated instead.
And just like most battle royals, if you switch to asian servers the game becomes an instant win!
I love how Dunkey artistically captured the feelings of everyone as they played Overwatch 2 for the first time 🥹 What a masterpiece! It truly has given me a feeling that no other game has ever given me! Sheer bewilderment!
This reminds of of that joke from South Park when the boys spend nearly an hour in line to get on a ride. Then they finally make it to the end,  just to be told they were on the "Line Ride": A real life simulation of being in a long line.
Bro wtf they put a queue on getting into the fucking lobby??? That makes literally no sense what’s the fucking point of that??
More like OverLoad, am I right or am I right fellas?
This game really makes you FEEL like you’re wasting your time away
It really makes you FEEL like you are wasting your time
Dunkey just made a loading screen big mode quality
I love this new queue genre where you just sit around waiting for an hour. Truly a next generation experience
Dunkey really out here getting 10k bombs
The existence of Overwatch 2 is literally Blizzard just saying Overwatch 1 was too much value for too little money
Whats the music in the outro?
We all knew the video before even watching it.
This was the result of all those hours spent doing drunk cubicle crawls and hundreds of sexual assault claims. A fantastic result, the perfect product for anyone who still gives Blizzard money
Love how this came up in my feed while I was tabbed out of OW2 waiting to get through the queue.
I think the main Event are the loading screens. It's even better than the first one Brilliant.
This is really funny, thank you dunkey
Fuck blizzard. Same shit going on with wow classic right now. Those dudes spend 0 dollars on servers.
When I saw this video was published on release day, being 3 minutes long, and it being Dunkey's channel, I knew it was going to be all loading screen, and it was still great.
The idea that anyone at all is even remotely interested in this "sequel" is fucking mind boggling to me.
This game makes u realise the pain u felt as one of the million sperms .
OverWatch 2 truly is the escalator land of the gaming community.
Real question: is this because of Blizzard's rollout or the DDoS attack?
I'm watching this while being in queue
Overwatch 2 the AFK game!
Bro literally, I subbed just for this video being so relatable 😂🤣😂😭
i waited 35 mins to log in, thn it asked me to sign-in n boom 9000 people in queue.........Masterpiece 11/10 IGN
This is surely a life changing experience
It really makes you FEEL like you'd rather be doing something else.
Wait, is there an actual queue to join the game servers? An FPS game with login Q's?
I finally got in after 3 hours of loading only to find out all my cosmetics are gone and I have to “unlock” the entire cast again despite owning OW Origins Edition. Yeaaaaaah I think I’ll hold off on trying OW2 for a while.
It really makes you feel like you overwatched, too
I’ve been waiting for this game since I first heard about it at the beginning of this video but with the economy being so bad I just can’t justify the cost.
:)
Doo doo ass servers
I was hoping it would be a video of him making fun of the actual game so I can agree with him
quite good, dunkey, yes, quite good
On console the number is in the hundreds and lower
I can’t even get to the loading screen because I got cricket wireless 😂
Definitely think Dunkey had the better Overwatch 2 review! Eat your heart out, IGN!
We all knew dunkey would do this lol
I love waiting-type games.
Yeah, I'll be waiting for the 6v6 to come back cause it will, thnks
yup... removing OW1 off the face of the world to replace it with this was a GREAT idea.
Ultimate positive - you can eat 20,000 chicken fingers while waiting to get in
All joking aside, why the FUCK would anyone play this crap?
I'm so glad they killed Overwatch 1 for this.
Overwatch queue
10/10 IGN Game of The Year.
More Winston. That’s the power of Home Depot.
You need to make a video on Overwatch 2
What did overwatch prepare for if not a lot of people entering their servers??
I got in after 40 min que just for it to get a error 😅😅 best game
This loads like no other. Instant game of the year
missed opportunity to make a joke about Overwatch 1 being the unlock for winning at the battle royale that is overwatch 2.
Didn’t know there was gameplay past the loading screen and error screen
Nothing better than turning on the game in the morning, so you can play the game with your friends in the evening. Truely an improvement from the original.
I’m a simple man. I get home from work and open YouTube, and if I see a new Dunkey video I’m very happy.
I feel lucky to have gotten into the lobby on first try 🤣
Lost connection because of a Blizzard, Bad Luck
I LOVE the new heroes! My favorite is quirky zoomer caricature #2.  So much better than quirky zoomer caricature #1 and quirky zoomer caricature #3!
I lost it at “30000 person battle Royale.”
Overwatch 2 sucks ass, who woulda thunk
I waited in the queue for 15 minutes just for it to bring be back to the queue again
Great game. 10/10
This game really makes you feel like John Overwatch, the dopamine from scaling in the queue is unparalleled
hah very good video dunkey 😄👍👍
Balancing should have been another negative - this new queue mode is too easy for the British players who’ve been training for this their whole lives. A shambles.
Exhilarating gameplay - 10/10 Donka
Knack 2 is still better.
As a British person myself, I quite enjoy this queueing simulator excellent work Blizzard 🫖
THE GAME EVER! SO GAME! OK!
Overwatch is one of the queue games of all time
I WAITED 30 MINUTES ON THE STUPID QUE AND WHEN I GET IN I GET KICKED OUT 1 MINUTE LATER
What puzzle game should I play with my GF? We loved carto
I’m as much here for dunkeys videos as I am for the generic dunkey commenters.   Never fails to make me smile.
Why is brand-new game already on version 2.+... More of a proof that Overwatch 2 is just a branding scam.
Thank you todd howard.
So this is the release of the game and they have a huge ass que
Where is DJ Khaled? I thought he was a playable character...
This is the first "British person who loves queues" type game
What about Gundam evolution? :(
The least exaggerated dunkey video ever.
I had 300 last night tho...
This is honestly great! Total amazing dry comedy! Love dunkey
I come from TF2, and I see memes about how TF2 is running victory laps around Overwatch 1's servers shutting down. I hear the line, "oh but its in preparation for Overwatch 2."  Are you sure? Did they shut down the wrong servers?
Dunkey giving Devs game ideas. I bet were gonna see a loading screen game Meta pop up soon XD
This is the first game where the devs incorporated edging!
I mean, guys [7000 players ahead of you], it's nothing new [4000 players ahead of you]. Every game fails [2000 players ahead of you] launch day. Some fuckers [70 players ahead of you] ddossed it. It's not like today, a full day later [3 players ahead of you] they didn't fix anything. right?
Is there really that many people who want to play this garbage?
Blizzard is a joke right now same shit happened in classic WOW imagine a multi billion dollar company with over 2 decades of experience not being able to manage a server...
hey it could be worse. you could be a tank duo that played together for years... ;D
The overwatch 2 queue is like standing in line outside. The second queue is like seeing the line inside.
Never played the original. Dont think Ill bother with this either😂
This brings a whole new meaning to Winston's day off
At 40 000 I realized this is the first strand&load type wh40k game...
Welcome to Queue-Watch the game!
I like that they finally improved the old Overwatch. I was always bothered by how they let me play the game now i can finally relax watching a loading screen and think about my life choices that lead me here
that games looks fun, play of the year
Id go as far as saying this might be the first strand type loading screen
dunkey is uploading a lot lately, life is great
Classic Blizzard
My favorite in the Fast Food drive through genre
that was funny actually
This game really makes you feel over watching
Give them a break, its not like the gaming industry has any experience in making massive multiplayer games, we're still in the testing stages
Im pretty the queue would be long because new game, it’s overwatch day one hype  *but a friend had to wait 4 bloody hours just for it just crash* So blizzard has do some tweaking *some*
I lost all my skins bro
People were fast to criticize Blizzard, but in 5 years we will look back and realize this is one of the best loading type games for the true fans of the genre
Based on the gameplay, it appears that will in fact, not be getting more Winston
Me waiting for a new Dunkey video be like:
What I love about overwatch "loading screen" 2 is that it doesn't hide the fact that it borrows a lot from strand type games like Mario and death stranding
There's no way that queue number is real.
Reminds me of Grobbulus that game is fun
For my money, I like Sonic '06 more
“In queue: 30000 players ahead of you” You either lose, or die trying.
Dunkey, you need to update your game. They updated the battle royal mode to let 40000 players compete. This is never seen before, and I honestly can't wait to see what they do with the game next.
THIS IS THE GAME OF ALL TIME
Man, the game sure has evolved.... From a movie to full on Network Simulator
Destiny 2 already did this gamemode
CCP’Watch
i think your video was entertaining, but it failed to capture the true enjoyment of the overwatch 2 core gameplay. also, you barely touched on the battle royale counter play in the initial loading screen.
I love that they wanted to capture the cycle of depression in a game. Really makes it relatable. Thanks Blizzard.
the biggest video game rip-off since the wii-u
GOTY
And lets play rocket league again, i will learn to play this time I SWEAR IT
im so happy that i never got to experience that long of a queue
Truly the second Overwatch Blizzard has made
I dunno what else we expected. Overwatch 2 was never real, just a fever dream.
“That might be play of the game” made me laugh out loud
I love this game it really makes me feel like my 5 year old account got reset to even below when I got the game
I literally laughed the whole video.. now I’m mad I just found this channel 😂😂
haha its easy to get past the Que just change server regions
How do I watch dunkey videos even on games I don’t play.
Yo what was the outro song?
This game has a little nothing for everyone
wtf is this game?? Really liked Overwatch and I wanna play it rn but it just does not work
Pro plays by Dunkey. Best loading screen simulator player
It's a shame they're having server issues but launches for games like this can often be turbulent, guess I'll just go play some Overwatch 1 in the mean time until it gets ironed out.
I am very upset at the fact that overwatch 1 got pretty much shut down. Overwatch 2 and 1 are exactly the SAME Game, just rebalanced around. Like, this isn't an upgrade, it's a sidegrade. Now tanks are busted, they're made to be stronger than they were before. They are do-it-all characters that can dish out and take punishment and each can do about everything, whether it be overheal/heal, have shields, stun, push, deal massive damage, have good movement options or have a hook.  They all have this same-y energy to them that doesn't inspire me to counter play or anything since they all have a vast amount of tools. I enjoyed playing against more diverse teams with 2 tanks that had clear weaknesses and strong points, obvious counters and unwinnable matchups.   The game was proactive and encouraged strategy. Now I feel like I'm just picking my main and going in mindlessly since everyone got brought down to a level of boring sameness.
Same thing happened to me at the end
I was gonna post a video exactly like this yesterday but thought nobody will see it or find it funny, but dunkey once again proves I am a genius lol
What sold me was not only the logo, but that the 2 has a slight cut on the top part of it showing us this is 3/4's of Overwatch 2 and  1/4 Fortnite.
It's a mastapiece!
I call it queue watch instead of overwatch
Another slam dunkey video
Bro this is hilarious ima subscribe lol POTG 😂 😂😂😂
Another classic Fortnite Let's Play, thanks for keeping the series alive.
Overwatch's revolutionary "number go down" gameplay is a fresh take on the classic "watch number get bigger" that stock market analysts know and love. This sensation is expected to be particularly popular among the wallstreetbets crowd as they are accustomed to waiting for things that will never happen.
Not only is it baffling that Blizzard, after ALL those years, still fails to be prepared for large quantities of players trying their new game, but It also saddens me that there are still this many people trying this reskin of a game with no significant improvements whatsoever <.<
Thanks for deleting my account level and taking away earning rewards from playing the game, Jeff Pacman
Simulates the time necessary to train all the characters from birth prior to a match. It’s like each match is an Overwatch origin story!
And I thought 500 people in front of me was bad
DDOSWatch
Give it time nigga~
Exactly my experience last night lol
So when OW Classic gonna come out at fordie bux?
Do a Risk of Rain 2 video
OMG 😂LOL OOOOH THATS PLAY OF THE GAME LIL😂😂😂😂😂
The best strategy is to play on Nintendo switch because  the switch only allows 300-400 players in a lobby instead of 40,000 plus Nintendo switch exclusive character skin for Winston which makes him bowser😊
Nailed it
They’re being so extra with that sms shit, it completely fucked me over
There's no waiting in the HotS queue. Come join us!
They’re being so extra with that sms shit, it completely fucked me over
so is mostly the same game but they just locked certain people out with SMS lol, backstabbed lots of OG players who payed full price on ow1
This game really makes you feel like overwatch
This game is the game I've ever played.
You can't even try to play it if you have a pre paid phone number. This is a disgusting show of classism. Video games should be an escape from the real world
I hated overwatch one because it took 10 minutes between matches. I'm not even go to bother with this one.
The logo has a little something for everyone, 10/10 - IGN
I watched this while waiting in the queue
Make splatoon 3 dunkveiw
This is not what we meant when we said we wanted better queues
Hideo Kojima is taking notes
I decided to download and replay tf2 as a joke. I kinda feel like I’m playing that again in the near future
Can't critique the gameplay if you can't play a game; Blizzard, you goddamn genius.
I was thinking about this video allll yesterday like " what will dunkey say"
I like how he wanted to go Winston so picked damage...
the game really makes you FEEL like there’s 30,000 players ahead of you
I have a feeling that they genuinely didn’t expect more than 4 people to play the game so they didn’t even bother with the server quality
This happened with Overwatch 1 then repeated with some of its first events with several thousand people during the event instances
This is so innovative, I totally get it, you have to "watch over and over" the title screen, get it? "Overwatch" it's genius!
I can say the game makes you feel like overwatch 2 as you watch the queue get reset over and over again such amazing gameplay I guess we need to go beyond the watch but make sure not to over it just a normal watch, a overwatch 2.   10/10 -IGN
Truly one of the games of 2022
So was Gex good or....
Wasn't Diablo 3 like this? I mean, whatiya doin Blizzard players. You SHOULD NOT BE SURPRISED! Quit being addicted simps and wait a week for shit like this to be over. Maybe you do that enough, Blizzard won't launch there games supposedly being playable.
Honestly a skill issue near the end smh
This game was designed for the British, we fucking love a queue
Having to sign up an email with them to play is a joke.    No thanks...
Balanced review. Gives players a good idea of what to expect. Not too harsh, not too lenient.
I was going to install it to my SSD to load into game faster...
Clearly Blizzard's best launch since Diablo 3
can anyone explain why it says only 1 tank. But when I play competitive I can play with more than 1 tanks?
I mean yeah it's just Overwatch but with a big ass patch, and the monetization fucked all over
This game really makes you feel like an Overwatch player
Jesus this game is shite
The truth is that they never actually made Overwatch 2 so when people paid for it, they had to keep people in the queue while they developed the game
I dont know what to do, i owned the first game and i didnt get the thing where it gives you all the old charecters
Legend says that dunkey is still in the queue
This game really makes you FEEL like you are in a queue. 9/10 - IGN
Jokes aside im not even allowed to play because my phone number is from a pre paid phone so im just straight up rejected
But lets be fair its not a bad game, its definitely better than the first thats for sure but like it or hate it, its here
Took the day off work for this shit
As bad as these Ddos attacks are blizzard deserves worse.
I too was a little skeptical when Overwatch 2 removed shooting.  However, after playing this new mode for more than 2000 hours I can say definitively, that it is indeed a game.
Finally got in the game and all the characters were locked even though I own Overwatch 1. Good job on taking content away from me Blizzard. Ez uninstall.
Trust me the loading screen is far more exciting than the actual game.
It took me a few hours to get in but I’m loving it
This was 100% my experience. Exactly
The constant Overwatch 2 ads Youtube has been bombarding me with really enhance the experience of this new, innovative, form of gaming called waiting-type gaming.
No one believed me when I said we should just move OW2 to the SFM engine and just turn it in to a hentai game for some serious musk money and diverse gameplay and story-driven mechanics. You goofs are paying for repackaged OW1 instead... So short-sighted the culture has become 😒
I think the 30000 person queue is a little reference to the role queue times in ow1
Could he show grace and review grounded the game from up in video game dunkey heaven?
I have a ton of friends defending Blizzard. Like bruh, they have the networking resources to fix this. They are part of one of the largest game companies in the world. This is just willful negligence on their part. And my favorite part is that people will just accept it and blizz will continue to have horrible launches till the end of time. As god intended
The getting rid of being on fire, unable to see your rank or others in game, the ending screen with the cards saying "hey these guys did really good" the new ranked icons looking like ass. I was really excited for this game but they removed so much of the fun that I'm weirdly just sad for playing it. I'm going to miss all this stuff.
M
top notch logo
don’t forget finally being able to get in to not have any of your skins , gold guns , the watchpoint bundle , characters, etc & then you get kicked right out
Yesterday I fell asleep waiting for it to load and it was at 40,000 then I woke up 4 hours later and it went down to 30,000
Lmao 🤣 I've never seen game with have a queue to even see the main menu
I know Dunkey does joke videos but I actually got scared when he said there was no winston! :D Didn't catch up to the joke till he said there was no shooting. LOL! Never change Dunkey
In Overwatch you pressed q to win the game. Now in Overwatch 2, q IS the game. Check mate atheists.
Blizzard is a publicly-traded company, they aim to satisfy shareholders, not gamers. The desire for more profit every quarter is at odds with the user experience....
Dunkey doing better than me, I can’t even get to the main screen!
Tf2 >
The dark souls of loading screens
Incredible! The first "Schmuck" type game! This game makes you FEEL like a schmuck who has truly wasted their time. I hope they introduce "get life together" type gameplay in the next Overwatch 1.75.
I remember seeing the same thing with Diablo 3 where nobody could even play... and with Diablo 2 Resurrected... Im seeing a trend I dont necessarily like.
Great video. Awesome.
Overgreed
Where is the new voice Line for Winston?
Kids these days get a free to play queue and they complain. Bet if you gave em' gold they would say "it weighs too much", and ask for some bronze instead.
Game of the year 2
😀
F*cking ddos attacts
and then finally getting in after 6 hours (I'm serious) to realize I have the option to bring all my overwatch progress from ps4 into overwatch 2 on pc, so I accept the migration, wait to get permission and everything set up for it, follow the instructions which are closing and opening the game, I do so, wait 50 mins in queue, get in the game, and realize the migration didn't even happen at all. It just says the same stuff, I'm all set to migrate so I should close and open the game... again (?)  Anyways, I think Overwatch 2 is more of an overwatch 1.2, and I did like overwatch back in the day so maybe this won't be so bad.
Love your content and reviews Dunk
Overwatch 2, more like Overwatch Queue and I right?
C'mon fellas you can't judge the devs for this, it's the first time making a game like this, they don't have any experience with these types of things!
Imagine waiting in queue just to play Overwatch 1.01 😂
This new queue-centric gameplay is gonna thrive in the UK market
This must have taken forever to produce.
the EXACT same thing happened to me, I'm weak.
Is this the first patience simulator game ever created?
Excellent start to this.  Most most good
This game really makes you feel like a loading screen.
Ur forgetting the part where you lose all ur stuff from overwatch 1 too. I completely lost everything and have no clue how to get it back
My friends and I got in before the 12PM. We played for hours at various times   Woot
ddos attack or not blizzard needs to get their shit together.
Anyone else watching this as they’re waiting to log into overwatch 2?
Donsly already spitting fire
Perfectly summarized the launch experience 10/10 loading game
Keep paying $60 for this type of shit and you'll also pay $70 it works they already know it works you will.
Personally I believe that anthem did a better job at the loading type game.
I started the video and it was silent. Looking at the video for clues I thought it was a artistic choice by dunkey to emphasize the wait before logging in.... I got 2 minutes into the video before I realized my headphones were off hahahahahaha
The real waiting was the waiting we waited for along the wait.
I wouldnt Touch this game if they pay me. Blizzard cucks
30000 players in queue? Lucky. Mine was 100000
the manic laughter at the end really sells the feeling of wasted time.
Bahaha!!! Thats was sooo funny! Best video ive seen all day!!!
overwatch 2 is scam
Yup, this about sums up my experience with the game so far.
The man didn’t even dunkview it. Nor did he do his regular Overwatch gameplay. Just showed what the game looks like
Yeah... I had infinite queues all day yesterday only to finally get in this morning and see that my account had been wiped of all progress, stats, and cosmetics, sending me all the way back to level 1 and treating me as if I never played the original game even once.   A friend told me that I had to "merge" my accounts, but I already had years ago, and when I went to Blizzard's website, it clearly shows that my accounts are "merged" so I guess I just got dealt a hand of bad luck???   I know that I'm FAR from the only one this has happened to, but holy shit. First they say they're gonna lock new characters behind battlepass progression, then they get DDoS'd into oblivion, and now tons of people are having their accounts inexplicably wiped of some or all progress.   Bravo, Blizzard. Ya had 6 years to develop this game, chose to overhaul the first one instead of making a separate and truly new one, and not only fucked it up, but botched it beyond imagination in some ways.   Bravo...
Ahh yes, the normies get a taste of the current Blizzard product. Delightful.
Now picture this. You wait 3 hours to load in and find that your entire account has been reset and you have lost every cosmetic, gold gun, comp point and can’t even play your main because you need to complete 150 games to unlock them.
Game of the year baby
I don't understand, why is there a queue for an online multiplayer game that has a set number of players per server? Are there just not enough servers? Surely they use the same Overwatch servers as the first game? I can't imagine that more people are trying to play than have ever played Overwatch 1 at its peak...?
This game makes you appreciate what is important in life that you can't take back.... time to lose.
This game makes me feel like I'm British
So true
They have single-handedly sunk another franchise
it really makes you feel like waiting in a lobby.
They added a raid boss. After sitting in queue long enough you'll be met with a boss called Error BC-153. No one's been able to beat it yet
Overwatch 2 really makes you feel like you're playing Overwatch 1
I'm sitting in traffic for 2 hours to go home and play this masterpiece
In all fairness I heard this issue was because of DDOSing, but also I do not remember ever having to wait in queue since launch day of the actual game Overwatch  Yeah the f2p model is so healthy for the game
It's actually a bold, experimental move to turn Overwatch into a loading screen simulator, so now maybe it will force Overwatch players to go outside when they have nothing to do
Try resetting your battle net password but to do that you need your password to get into authenticator. Great design blizzard 💯
Gotta say, with all that added to the game, now there is a ton more content. U even spend more time with the new content than with the old. Blizzard did it, they got us some game right there!
You did it dunkey, truly you are the warhammer 40k
Can’t wait for the patching DLC, it’s going to be so sick
And this has been the case with every new Blizzard game since time immemorial. As if they haven't learned anything from 20 years of online game releases... or have we?
This is the first "take away the content and cosmetics you payed $40 for" type game
Best queue 2022
this game really makes you *FEEL* like you’re waiting in a line
This looks just like Sonic ‘06. What a rip off.
I can’t believe they made a load-type game based on the famous franchise Overwatch, truly a game on the PlayStation
Reminder to play Splatoon 3: it’s got a single player mode with deep lore, multiplayer that has all sorts of modes, the nintendo internet has actually improved, awesome content that both comes back from splatoon 2 with new stuff coming in, and even customizable squids or octopi!
I got to play for one whole minute. Got to fire a single bullet in training mode before getting kicked out
In Overwatch 2 you are one of two pawns: The pawn that is first in line to wait or the pawn that is out waiting the waiters to be the first to wait. Either way… you’re gonna wait.
At least now everyone can feel the dps main's pain...
Yea no thanks, the new monetization is predatory as fuck, get out of here with this shit game.
i started at 50k and got down to 500 over the course of several hours, then it froze forever. screw blizzard.  xbox can have this trash.
This must be what summer school is – an intense psychological mind game, not unlike the Academy Award winning film Suicide Squad.
The queue number going down is just the players irl hunting each other down, i can tell, someone's out on my door right now and i don't know him
accurate but game is fun please try to get in another time :)
I've never played overwatch so I decided to give it a try it was free nice 2000 players ahead of me?
plz stop troll indi corp
classic
It was so worth the wait, they're making you wait even more ! Blizzard truly cares, man.
Thank you Dunkey for elaborating on the orange rectangle. It was really heartwarming to hear you talk about it
This is hilarious. The way you did it was perfect. Gameplay is amazing. Defnitely going to buy the game.
Hey there's no lootboxes in it!
Just set your region to Asia and play?
The memes are better than the game, I love it
ah, i cant even play cuz apparently i have the wrong carrier
Anyone know the song name?
The funny thing about this is: blizzard wont be making any more servers cuz they know, they just KNOW they will lose all these players all over again  :D
Real strategic move by Blizzard: If nobody can play your shitty copy/paste game, then nobody can complain about it.
i really think they could have made the load times longer, little disappointed.
Not even worth it. I'm glad I didn't download it
Man. Who can stop blizzard? They just keep getting those W's. 2022 is really just their year.  Glad they threw an advert for their esteemed mobile game, diablo immortal, on dunkey's video. One of my favorite money burning scams!
Bold decision for Overwatch to remove all heroes in their hero-based shooter
3+ years of dev time to make 3 new heroes and the rest of the characters "diverse"
I went home during my break to download and try the game. Downloaded it, left it running because I figured a queue like this would happen. Got home four hours later, played a match, then uninstalled. It's the same game
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
took a day but the servers seem fine now, or relatively fine, tbh the gameplay does feel a lot different and making tanks more "tanky" is way better, but i still laugh that it's called OW2 when it literally deleted the first game and everything with it, shit was just a expansion
finally the high quality genre defining blizzard BR we've all been waiting for
I, as a braindead overwatch defender who would argue with any negative point made about this game; yes.
“Oh this is just overwatch 1” yup
Turns out it's a farming simulator, because you have to wait very long to get the exciting stuff
If overwatch 2 is so good why isn't there an overwatch 3
Not gonna lie. 9000 was pretty sick though.
I know that the logistics are something I can't really appreciate until I've been personally involved in them, but you'd think that these studios would make sure their ducks were in a row before launching the game.  I can't tell if it's incompetence, or if they just didn't want to invest in the infrastructure when they knew that most people would get bored and leave the game in a few months anyway.  It's bullshit and stupid either way.  I don't even play online multiplayer games and this annoys me.
Wait what do you mean no winston?
banger
There is more people watching this video than there are playing overwatch 2
It’s truly a mark of talent when you can make watching a loading screen entertaining.
“WHATS THE MOST IMPORTANT PART OF PLAYING A GAME WELL BEING ABLE TO FUCKING PLAY IT!”
I went off Overwatch pretty quickly and dont want to give Blizz money.... but as A British person a game built solely around queueing intrigues and arouses me! 10/10
Played OW2 for the first time last night.  I main Rein, and single tank is sooo bad.  I do my usual bullet absorption, DPS does their usual "Let me try to solo flank their whole team (non Tracer)" Even with 1/6th less people to heal, healers are super busy trying to keep the DPS and themselves alive.
Overwatch Q
It took me the first 40s to understand it 😂
But does it make you FEEL like spiderman?
10/10 great review very similar to my experience
Overwatch 2 really is one of the games of all time!!!
OverWatch 2 really makes you feel like you Watch.
Love this kind of video
This is what I call a classic, just like the original.
looks kinda like that game overwatch
bro you gotta turn off the wifi to unlock the secret the dinosaur game
I can’t even play because of the post paid number
Rockstar: Players will never get to play GTA 6 Blizzard: Hold my Overwatch 2
after playing valorant and league with my friends for so long  holy shit this game does not feel like a beta and its amazing
This game really makes you feel like uninstalling
Overwatch? More like watching over
I just realized I had fun watching a player que.
The animated short “unleash hope” really helped put the game in perspective as i have been hoping to play a single game for hours
How long did it take to get all this in-game footage?
The new character in the middle looks so bad reminds of a mobile ripoff character you would find in China.
fitting that I got an OW2 ad before the video
I don't know what game you guys got because I got no queue but instead this "SMS protect" thing? Is this like a raid boss or something for extra loot?
God all the character desighns are such a step down. and the new characters don't hold up to overwatch 1's at all.
Actiblizz worries so much about their employees that they make overwatch 2 a "loading screen" game to be easier to work and patch
Its the same fucking game with worse micro transactions. Awesome
Blizzard is trying their hardest to keep their servers up but remember, they’re a small indie company and trying to push this many players into their servers is really hard and takes a lot of money they just don’t don’t have until more people pay for their battlepass. Please understand, please.
"Americans are not going to understand my game. It is the fisrt loading-type game" - Blizzard Kojima
man, someone told me "buy ow2 to stream it" and this was just the last nail in the coffin for me, thanks dunkey
Thank god this video is exactly what I thought it’d be 😂
oh no, they didn't listen to your request  it's doodoo
30k people ahead of you..??
Thanks
Over all I think it's a great improvement 😆
Honestly, it really makes you feel like a loading screen.
Another all time classic Strand-type game
30K players wating lmao they really cheaped out with ther servers this release
It's really incredible how they had a masterpiece, gave it no new content for years and then decided to destroy it and it's legacy with one epic gamer move.
I can't imagine paying for this
"Oh this is just overwatch 1" 🤣🤣🤣🤣
hahahahahahahahahahaaa
this comment section sure likes that one joke
I'm just gonna say this. Get used to this. This isn't going away any time soon. As games get bigger, more popular, more hyped, etc. You're You're a see this more and more as games are still being ran on servers from 5-10 years ago. This isn't a blizzard thing, it happened to one of the most maintained games I've ever played. Ffxiv.   It doesn't help that pathetic individuals in the gaming community get mad at the devs for having queues and ddos attack the servers twice.   I hope this goes away sooner rather than later, but I don't anticipate companies putting in the money for better servers until they know they have to.
Apparently, the game's been flooded with a "Denial of Service" attack by people determined to ruin the game for absolutely everyone.
Thank goodness we can play Overwatch 1, while Overwatch 2 is doing live beta testing. Oh wait, its gone forever
Truly one of the games of all times
Finally, a game that even Game Journalists can play. No wonder IGN gave the game an 8/10. Absolute Masterpiece
underrated joke was going straight to competitive lmao
Ah shit here we go again
I am afraid this new genre of load type games will drastically decrease sales of Knack :'(
My physical copy is ruined.
And don’t forget about remembering you lost your account
That might be play of the game ;P
I had a 10000 queue last night, fuck this game
Lmaooooo feels like déjà vu literally the same thing happened to me 😂😂😂
Still nothing compared to overwatch 1 que times
Ahh yes, Error 37 2
This does not compare to the players in queue for Bowser's Big Bean Burrito Online™
Ah yes, the first She-Hulk Type Game. Just awful 💀
the fact that this is the first queue simulator in history makes it even better, bravo vince!
honestly after this big success im finally ready to forgive the whole harassment thing
cant even play cuz i got cricket 🤦🏽‍♂️
As you can see by how it just works, it has a little something for everyone
was really hoping the entire video would be the wait timer
Yeah i play FPS's F - Wait P - Your S - Turn
Now just wait until you see the locker mode
I waited 6 hours and didn’t get in 😊
this one’s gonna go over a lot of people’s heads
It really makes you feel like if you are in a video game loading screen.
Btw, if anyone actually wants to play, join Asia server on PC. Works instantly for me.
You must be really good at this game if you managed to beat all the 30000 players
boost mobile stock is gonna soar now that their phones function as protective talismans against the ability to play overwatch
same
In wish I could experience this but unfortunately I don't have a post paid number
I was like how the fuck donkey made a video so fast this makes more sanse
Got emm
"Slower pace than the original"  ... ROTFL!!
I’ve never experienced such feelings waiting in queue. That really says something.
This video is trending faster than Overwatch 2 itself lol Blizzard.
I knew there was a catch when they said you got the game for free. It's just a title screen! :D
Makes me feel like I'm the queue
Wow, this new Overwatch update looks sick! Hopefully they make a second game soon!
Overwatch 2 really makes you feel like you're at the DMV.
Overwatch? More like, I'm over here watching a loading screen!
Blizzard? heh more like lizard hehehe im i right guys
Finally, a strand-type game I can get behind
Holy shit, Dunkey, fix your comment section. These kids think "This game really makes you feel like _____" makes them a comedic genius in an absolute sea of sameshit comments.
I tried logging in about an hour before this video dropped. Similar experience of high quality intense gameplay. made it all the way to "300 players ahead of you" before I got outplayed and the servers crashed on me. Better luck next time I guess.
I have to correct you, there actually is Winston and he snipes now^^
I know it can be frustrating to deal with these kinds of issues, but we gotta cut them some slack. A small indie company like Blizzard doesn't have the means to deal with this many players.
Riveting gameplay. Would wait again.
The exaggerated swagger of a loading queue
They finally added the In queue: 40,000 players ahead of you feature to Overwatch 2. It was truly worth the wait thank you so much Blizzard.
Eff Overwatch, and eff Blizzard. Jeff Kaplan made the right call getting out while he could
This video is 11/10.
Those poor NA players waiting in NA queue for hours whilst EU and Asia had little to no queue.
this was actually my entire experience of overwatch 1 and it was by far my biggest regret buy
I actually got an advert for Overwatch 2 by clicking on this.. Dunkey are you a sellout?
LMAO it's like overwatch 1, but less FPS and more microtransactions...
Imagine going throught the queue to find out that all of your cosmetics are gone
Oh golly gee who could have foreseen this.
Hot take: disconnecting from splatoon 3 matches is more fun than disconnecting from over watch 2 matches
this game really makes you reflect on your life and life's past decisions
I just got a trailer for Overwatch 2 for this video lmao.
I finally got in, got to the first game. And it was the same map ive played on a million times over in OW1. Wow, such a waste.
it's not like they're backed by one of the largest videogame producers, or have much experience with the Day 1 release of an online game.... How could they POSSIBLY have known their servers would take a huge shit? This is unprecedented stuff
I would be interested to hear your opinions on Gundam Evolution. It is also a team based shooter, but feels more fast paced and less class based than Overwatch 2 has been.
Truly one of the games of all time
Reminds of when they reopened the MCAT after covid 🤢
Any British people wanna chime in on this? I respect dunkey but I'd like to hear it from a queue professional.
only dunkey can make watching a loadscreen entertaining
OW1, 10 minutes to queue into a match?  Ok I guess.  OW2, 10 minutes to queue into the main screen?  Blizzard really outdid themselves this time
Now this game really makes you "feel" like you're waiting in a loading screen!
Glad to see dunkey finally playing queue simulator!
Dunkey I love you man 🤣🤣
Isn't this the same same game? Even Discord says it is "overwatch" so there.
This masterpiece
I miss playing overwatch in 2017
I never liked overwatch in the first place so im just kinda over here drinking tea and watching the absolute chaos.
NA region queues are too hard.
overqueue 2
Lol
While I was waiting yesterday I was literally imagining exactly how your video would go 😂
I quit OW years ago, came back to try it out. It's just the same boring game but with new heroes, what has changed?
Hmm, yeah, I can definitely see why Blizzard shut down Overwatch 1 for this
I really love it when a game launches and is immediately slammed with DDoS attacks
Blizzard said we may get crossover skins. So for Donkey Kong December, we gonna get Winston Kong!
My favorite part was finally getting in and having nothing from the previous game. I guess Blizzard was busy assaulting and underpaying their employees instead of making the game
such a disgrace. no winston?!
This game really makes you feel like you’re stuck in a queue
How does it feel to play a bad game I know I do I played Kingdom Hearts 3 I waited 10 hours and I still couldn't get in this game🙃🙃🙃🎆🎇✨️🎆✨️✨️🎇
Man I can’t wait for overman 2 to come as well.
This game has made me realize that the word “queue” has very unique spelling
It really does feel like you're playing Overwatch 2
Overwatch 2 had become a loading screen simulator.
BTW if you're on PC, set your server to Asia and you'll boot into the game instantly
Overwatch is the 2 of all time
Wow Blizzard really outdid themselves this time.
Wow they made a game out of British people queueing to see the queen's coffin really fast, huh? except in this one you queue to see the coffin of a once-great developer
Blizzard finally learned how to monetize watching paint dry.
holy sh*t dunkey is literally unbearable, dude just using ow2 for views
I purchased Origin Version OW1 back in the day and after 25 hours of not logging in, when I managed to I found out all champs are locked. I hope it's a fucking bug cause I had 300 hrs on ashe and junkrat and now I can't pick even em.
riveting gameplay, 40000 kills in one game is unpresidented
Overwatch Queue
This is the first strand type in the sense you can feel each individual strand of hair growing out of your scalp while you wait for the game to connect
Member when u could just sign in
Loading Simulator ^^
10/10! Best dunkey review since last of Us part 2
It was never about the watch but about the 40000 players we met along the way everytime.
I like the pacing of this game, it's honestly refreshing to know exactly what your teammates and opponents are doing (not playing)
This reminds me of Dex's last of us video
Typical Blizzard style. Can't wait for Diablo 4's queues and disconnects. Oh wait. Screw Blizzard! Hope all the white knights keep enjoying Blizzards "amazing" games... 🙄
They came out and cried ddos when their game wasn't working because overwatch 1.5 hasn't had a healthy player base in years and Blizzard doesn't know how to do anything anymore
Blizzard really put the load in loadout with this one
0:03 you know the jokes funny when you’ve started laughing before he delivered the punchline
This game blows!
I had an overwatch 2 commercial before this overwatch 2 video
The only other game in the loading screen genre is Minecraft dungeons
That’s why I’m waiting for a week to play because I knew this would happen.
You must've put some serious hours into writing the script for this masterpiece, I haven't seen such amazing choices for words since watching the children's show Caillou when the character in question would argue with his parents.
Makes you feel like you're Overwatch 2
I didn't know Blizzard made a midnight game release simulator. At least I don't have to bring my camping equipment.
Dunderwatch
This is the most exiting trial of patience in gaming history. The dark souls of overarwatch strand type games
Oh wow can't wait to not play the game!
1000x times better than worthless Splatoon 3 💯💯💯💯
Hey guys taking admissions for Gundam Evolution and Paladins
I cant even play because it wont allow me to put my phone... I paid for OW1 and now I can't play it ;-;
The first wait-type game unprecedented in gaming history
When you remember that you have to submit a game the next morning
Overwatch 1 = Overwatch 2. Zero difference.
Classic blizzard launch
I think I'll pass. There's too much shooting and not enough loading.
Feels like Disneyland.
This incredible gameplay innovation is what I have come to expect from his amazing company!
this is just like over watch 1 - this got me banned on 10 different twitch channels
Maybe you could play Overwatch 1...oh...wait
Thank you for embodying the emotions we’re feeling. I can’t get in even if I drop to 0 ahead in queue, it says I had a sever error. It came out on my birthday!
*To be fair*, OW2 has been massively DDoS attacked on top of what would have been a terrible launch regardless. I mean, they never thought this game would get enough attention to be played or DDoS'd, so there's no way the servers could handle both.
I came here to watch a comedy video.  What I got was literally my exact experience with the game yesterday. Big number of people ahead of me in queue. Number goes down. Connection failed, retrying. Number gets bigger than it was before. Get into the game. Game disconnects.
I will finish GTA 6 before even entering the game
Finally got in at 4am after waiting 8 hours in queue Played for 20 minutes then got off Thank you Overwatch
Just wait for Overwatch 3: Electric Boogaloo
Thethe true reason why 40k is so popular.
Paladins with worse characters but less buggy lol
Literally fuck this game
9 Has a little something for everyone
This quite literally is the most outrageous release I've experienced. Overwatch is my get-go game and I was really excited to get to play it. As the hours slowly chipped away, my initial hype died as time went on. It's been 26 hours and counting and I have not once got into the game! Amazing experience!
activision blizzard does it again everybody,  round of applause
How could he have content the game just released?  *Watches video*  Oh he didn't actually play the game.
The title says the game as it is: "Overwatch" on the loading screen.
Overwatch 2 new battle royal mode is absolutely game-changing. Other games should take notes!
You know this is fake because he got into the game
They did what hideo kojima couldn't and made a new genre called queue strand
Has anybody said 'Overwatch Poo' yet
Early contender for GOTY, unless Knack 3 drops
Rip blizzard your games are terrible now, you tell me 10 years ago blizzard only makes bad games in the future I wouldn't believe you I'd be like there hasn't been a game they made I hadn't enjoyed
This video is the most fun overwatch has ever been
I downloaded it yesterday I got in without any problems, had a good time. Went to make dinner, haven't been able to play since. This video is gold
Bro got to see the in game menu? Even play for a few seconds? This some unprecedented gameplay folks.
Overwatch 2 is definitely the most video game ever of 2022
I’ve played since 2016 and all my cosmetics got deleted 😂  Gotta love blizzards launches
TALES OF LOSS AND FIRE AND FAITH
Like playing GT7, wait for 10-15 min a lobby only to be disconnected after waiting all that time.
Is this real
this 1 joke didn't need 3 minutes
OverWatch 2?  More like "OVER here WATCHing the queue screen for 2 damn long!!"
Blizzards going for the classic, you gotta respect the classic.
Zzz the youtuber
When I saw the queue I realized what I was about to watch 3 minutes of. Not dissapointed
The load screen game is revolutionary and all, but how do I buy loot boxes?
First thing going to the dps queue of fucking course
I was really looking forward to the queue times on launch day good thing i didn’t buy this and bought the first at launch and actually had fun at least more then this 1.2 feeling i got with my 2 hours of gameplay if that at all because of terrible servers
Overwatch 2 really makes you FEEL like killing yourself
biased and nitpicking
One of my favorite idle games
Can’t even play it I just decided too uninstall lol
God, Blizzard can not stop embarrassing themselves...Also, you totally missed the opportunity to use the FF8's waiting music!
Imagine actually buying overwatch 2.
Bro I kid you not when I tried using chat the game had me booted out to home screen 💀
This is actually a nod to the ascii based waiting game Candy Box
Me and my homies logged in through Asia servers and got in instantly. Best part is that the matchmaking still put us in NA games, but it still would boot us out every other game lmao
It'd not that bad in EU.  I actually enjoy the new Ow alot. minus the new store shit.
when he said battle royale that killed me
Oh! You made a documentary about how we all felt last night! Aww... That's sweet!
Europe servers were open
Lets start with the good: The Logo  As for the bad: ...
Man I haven’t had this much fun since the last of us 2
outro song?
I see a dunkey, I watch a dunkey.
A shining pillar of games journalism
I though the orange rectangle was a reference to the « cancel » button because who want to play this game anyway
Oh what else is good is them deleting any console save data you might have had.
As soon as I saw the beginning I knew what I was in for lol
All jokes aside, they should really fix this
The moment I've been waiting for
Theres an easter egg where you can replay OW1 with new graphics and 3 new heroes but they patched it :(
I think Dunkey could be a contender in the speedrun community for Overwatch 2
Silly Dunkey, you simply switch your region to Asia to get in. How could you not have figured out this simple tech?
Miss OW1 already. The XP progression is so bad
no minigame while waiting? this game sucks
Top 10 games I'm not gonna buy. Number one:...
10/10
Same shit here. Whyd they kill Vanilla ?
I really miss the good old days when games would launch in a playable state
I can't believe new character The Junker Queen killed Winston with a golf club while Tracer watched. - 1/10 megacritc
I can't speak for many other MMOs out there but this is what it was like to play Warcraft when they first released and then lk. You'd log on and it said you are 4000 in q. Thankfully Warcraft kitties are very impatient so that list would burn through pretty quickly
I don't even own the game and I'm in the queue. Amazing.
This game is very popular in Britain. I think it'll make game of the year there.
IN QUEUE: 200 PLAYERS AHEAD OF YOU SORRY. WE WERE UNABLE TO LOG  IN  EDIT: right as we speak :d
So, Blizzard reused everything for the new game except the previously functioning servers?
I’d like to play this yet the servers are shot
Bro I cringed so hard when it said game connection failed.
"The true enjoyment of passion is the waiting of passion itself." - The guy from an old Martini commercial
How does this game even have a queue, there's little to no excitement for it on the internet. Everybody just says it's OW 1.5 and skips it. There's more people excited for videos about the game than for the game itself.
Add an emote where the guy drinks breast milk
I'm amazed you actually got into the game! I didn't think it was possible, but you must just be a better gamer.
Meanwhile Paladins is still free and pumping out new champions and maps XD GG Blizzard
overwatch 2 truly is the game of all time
This really is the first “strand type” Overwatch game.
I clicked it 4pm on launch, and only got in at 1am
Overwatch 2 is dooo dooo
No surprise I got an ad for Overwatch 2 at the beginning of the video
they didn't make overwatch better, they just wanted a new google review page without all the free hong kong stuff
Dunkey is clearly nitpicking and biased. Does he not know the developers are making the game with a USB steering wheel while blindfolded? In fact, the developers aren’t even making this game - it’s their little brothers.
@MN RAMIM:সুবহানাল্লাহি ওবেহামদিহি সুবহানাল্লিহিল আউজিম আস্তাগফিরুল্লাাহ
@MD Riaz ahmed:আল্লাহুমা আনতা রাব্বি লা ইলাহা ইল্লা আনতা খালাকতানী ওয়া আনা আবদুকা, ওয়া আনা আলা আহদিকা ওয়া,ওয়া দিকা মাছতোয়াতাতু আউযুবিকা মিন শাররি মা ছানা তু,আবুউ লা
@Suma akter:হাসবুনাল্লাহু ওয়া নিমাল ওয়াকিল,নেমাল মাওলা ওয়া নেমান নাছির
meanwhile me who go in  half an hour first try:
Man. Literally ever other shooter was able to figure this shit out. Blizzard is kindof the worst rn
Is the server connection really that bad?
Hey Dunkey, you know own a indle game publishing company maybe you can help these guys with Big mode? they seem to need some help
You can't make this shit up.
a spent almost 600 hours in OW1.  the game STILL locked me out of my characters as if I never played it
A new queue type game. Amazing.
Why is the loading screen more fun than the actual game?
love how they are wasting money on adverts rn
Still waiting for AC Valhalla review. Especially following all the new AC trailers.
None can beat the ultimate meta character that is The Que!
Overwatch 2, haven't played it yet. Classic
I was one of the first to experience the revolutionary waiting in the queue for being put into the actual queue. This is truly an unprecedented idea.
They truly kept their word when they said they were reimagining what it means to be a sequel, people are calling this overwatch 2.0 but honestly this is a completely new game.
The game didn't take that long to load in for me, it only took like 10 minutes
Game took so long to open, I decided only way to torture myself more was to solo que Rainbow six ranked till OW opened
HUM THANKS for the SPOILERS? I can't even believe you right now
Go play gundam evolution.
Wait this is just overwatch 1. No more commentary needed 😂
I’m glad blizzard added the “increased loading time”   Gives me time to finish all of Game of Thrones
Over 1,000 hours, and so much money put into Overwatch 1 and nothing carried over to Overwatch 2. Had my account linked before Overwatch 1 came out so I am at a loss to what is going on....
Pausing the video first and commenting. Going to predict this video, he’s going to complain about the queue wait times and how unchanged the game is. Let’s see if I’m right.
wait a second... is this game actually out? Oh my god, I checked, this is the release, it's not in beta or anything, and tons of people are having the same problem!? This is so embarassing.
This wouldn't be embarrassing if it weren't for the fact that Blizzard maintains an MMO and this should be able to understand how to get a lot of players in.
Over Watch 2 it's so... doo doo
Battle Royale game where the goal is to see who can keep Overwatch up the longest, fuck that got me good.
This tolled me a lot time to play
and we thought splatoon waiting lobbies were bad
dude I cant play the game because I cant add my phone number to my account, of course blizzard is the only one that fucks this up.
I joined the game on the second they opened the server, with 0 queue (EU Server)  There is (was) a trick, when you connect trough the Asian Servers there was no queue, and you still play with EU or NA People with your low pings.
The move to 10k was a more play of the game deserving play compared to the 30k to 20k one honestly, some of the best Overwatch I've seen.
I fucking LOVE OW2, feels really fun to play :)
overwatch gets mobile game of the year for sure.
Been in a que for an hour now lol
Why are 99% of new releases always broken? Even Nintendo did it with Splatoon 3, connection errors like crazy. And with the last update, Nintendo tried to blame everyone's internet for the issues. Nintendo, this complaint has been said by most of the players, how is everyone's internet broken? Do we need a 10Gb connection to play Splatoon 3?
Remember when games where finished when they were released? No I’m seriously asking because I don’t.
People haven't been this excited to see a number go down since XQC's gambling streams
You should see it on console lol. Even after all the waiting you get in and you probably won’t have your stuff
Don't forget the phone number issue !
Classic.
It's truly better than I ever expected. That menu is full 4k
Classic!
Donkle help me my msi laptop is running overwatch 2 worse that its running overwatch 1 what the fuck do I do
this would not have been a BigMode game
The first strand type que
Did I ever tell you the definition of insanity?
you just got dunked!
An exercise in patience I see. Geez.
Blizzard has done it again, this new overwatch really makes you like Blizzard doesn't want you to play it.
You watch, then it’s over. Gameplay at its finest.
Well it a very gratifying at least :) I mean when you move up.
i'd rather play strand type game
The old UI is actually better imo
This was EXACTLY my experience to a T lmao!
Dunkey!
I think we all need to stand up and applaud Blizzard on this achievement. They have an online game that both has too many people to log them all in, but also not enough people to play any matches. Truly, they are ahead of their time.
Asian region does not have queue. For some fcking reason
love how your options are continue or oPEn BAtTlepASS
This seems like a very strand-like game...
This video blames the victim for an attack
I was literally able to get in without any issue and played for 3 hrs with no lag..  That sucks for others who couldn’t
The anticipation is astounding. Well done Blizzard.
it took me from launch hour to 3 am to work no joke
Cant believe you spoiled the gameplay for me.
Someone should put out Standing In A Line Simulator 2022
instant like before even watching
I can't wait to jump into this new game I didn't know games can have 40,000 people in one lobby
THIS LITERALLY JUST HAPPENED TO ME, GODDAMN!
60 players left guys, I think I can do it!
I was waiting for this lmfao!😭
More Winston.   There is no Winston.
they're blaming it on DDOS but you know for a goddamn fact it's just because they're too incompetent to manage the sudden influx of players.
holy shit, that's fucking incredible. a game that counts down, with a really nice UI too??
I waited about 90min before I got in
my EXACT experience yesterday
I can't believe that blizzard bought the rights to Anthem and remade it to look like overwatch.
This video is so perfect thank you for describing exactly how the launch went 😂😂😂. Also RIP to everyone who got comp. banned first day
You were queuing for PvP? Rookie move. I'm pre-queueing for PvE.
Over 24 hours later and I logged in successfully once but no Watchpoint Pack - i.e. no premium season pass that I paid for. What a joke
LMAO
Finally, my opinion of Overwatch 2
As a tf2 player I attempted to enjoy this but instead I genuinely felt depressed and bitter after my third quick match
Bold move waiting seven hours then selecting damage.
they stopped the original servers for this?
Was so excited to play this game with my girlfriend yesterday, and then this shit happened
I downloaded overwatch 2 to have enough time to cook dinner and walk my dog! I even took a shower! Thanks Blizzard! :D
removed everythign except the queue times
The first waiting-type game, it´s very strand-type in that sense.
Loading simulator 2022.
Best part was how my friend was always sitting hours in queue. While i just skipped the whole queue, everytime. somehow
the new in queue feature makes this truly one of the goty 2022
The moment the first frame of the loading screen showed up when I clicked this video I knew exactly what it would be like
Jeff abandoning ship makes sense now
So, I've been trying to play since yesterday been in queue for hours.
hideo kojima you've done it again your a millionaire *chicken noises*
Blizzard is terrible the same queue time bull shit is waiting 7 to 11 hours to get into classic wow
"The graphics of the loading screen were excellent and it really made me feel like waiting. 8/10" -IGN
I cant believe that they turned lucio white
Watching this while waiting for the queue
sigh
Should’ve been “no witness”
Dunkey is not overexaggerating on how (similar) it feels to achieve "Play of the Game" just by jumping further into the queue!
Imagine having the most embarrassing launch of all time like before the game actually launches like everybody’s disappointed in it already cause it’s just a copy paste and then immediately on launch day nobody can play because a massive DOS attack
I haven't seen a queue this long since the funeral at the Queen's house
Remember when everyone thought Overwatch was gonna kill TF2 🤡🤡🤡
OW2 fan boys will defend this garbage. Even the fucking charms and bullshit 😔
I'm already winston
Sit in log in que for 5 hours is the blizzard treatment
I love how they shut down the first overwatch and the new one cant even support people. I hope Overwatch dies as a game like heroes of the storm. It was my favorite shooter but they have gone the cash grab route. How can you even call OW2 a new game. If you played both side to side 0 difference.
It took me like 2 minutes to get into it , so I really don't think it's that bad
That description tho. Rip people blizzard stole overwatch from since they don’t accept certain phone plans needed to play a game they’ve owned for years.
It really makes you FEEL like you are overly watching the queue.
overwatch 1 so ahead of it's time it's actually overwatch 2
The comment section for this video is golden. Lol you guys are so funny.
The more players in queue ahead of you, the higher your score!
Once again you have conveyed the experience of gaming perfectly.
lol just play Overwatch 1
This hurts my soul
Another AAA banger released in a perfect state!!
No matter your playstyle or experience level, it's got a little load-time for everybody.
I'm astounded that people were even excited for this game, considering what company made it
Now what's good about Overwatch 2 is that you can also play other games at the same time! Am I right or am I right?
It is called a DDOS attack   China and Russia are very mad at the West.   I wonder why this is happening?  Maybe an entire government with divisions that has a humongous amount of computing power?
They didn't even change the logo of the game is just a patch
Watching this while in queue 😎
Can't wait for overwatch 3
Blizzard needs to update their 90s servers
Lmao not only did they heavily monetize Overwatch 2 but they also shutdown base Overwatch servers so your forced to play 2
Go Bigmode, William
"My top 3 gamemodes. N1: getting spied on social credit style. N2: loading. N3: error."
Cheffs kiss! This is an absolute indie masterpiece!!
honestly this has to be the best loading simulator i've ever played
Who needs farming simulators when you just grow old and die just waiting to play Overwatch 2?
I still don't understand how a game can have this many bugs and glitches, like they added a few new heros and changed some texturing and that's it. Like they didn't have to build a whole new game they just built onto ow1. like Jesus
Imagine how much money they'd make it they put one banner ad in the corner
Best afk arena game of the year, truly a masterpiece 10/10.
Overwatch 2 is a glorified screensaver.  I'm convinced it's not real at this point.
hang in there dunkey! be patient and you'll play it in a few years if your lucky.
Overwatch 2? More like Overwatch: Nothing New!
It's called overwatch 2 because you watch over the queue   2
The first logo-type game. Truly a brave step forward for the Overwatch franchise. Mastapiece. 2/10.
This is why dunkey is TOXIC  I clicked on this overwatch 2 video and he went ahead and spoilerd the game.
as a 2b2t fan i might need to try this one out
Tried to play. Couldn't. Apparently now you need fancy phone numbers to be able to. Take it, peasant.
Overwatch 2: Queue Simulator looks AMAZING
I sat for an hour today. Game server connection failed me 10 times.
Hey, I played this game when the Endwalker expansion came out!
my cries were heard, my tears felt. the release of Overwatch 2, and my curiosity overflooded with ooze . I wanted to try but was scared of what might be. "Blast" i cried, "If only there was a reliable source, to tell me about this game, without me having to touch it!!" and then. He uploaded
This game really makes you *feel* like you’re in the In n Out drive thru
*WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU MEAN THERE'S 30K PEOPLE IN QUEUE, WHAT IS THIS, HOW* EDIT: *WAIT WHAT*
This is an elaborate ruse, this is to add a couple days to finish the game.
I love you dude XD
I didn’t wanna watch any overwatch 2 gameplay yet, but now the whole game is spoiled for me?? I can’t believe it.
It's good to see quality games are still being made 👍
i thought the 'its just overwatch 1' was the punchline but it got better
Not playing since nothing transferred.
The best part of Overwatch 2 is that while you spend so much time loading, you can go play a better game
Hey look, it's Winston 2!
Outlasted 10k players in a matter of minutes, Dunky is a beast of beasts
Classic counter-pick there, with the disconnect, but they didn't expect you to carry with the re-queue
Finally, something to play while I'm waiting for Nintendo to fix the connection errors on Splatoon 3.
I am convinced this man is a genius
over watch 2 ad played before video 😂😂😂
I always knew when overwatch came out that TF2 would outlive it.  Next it will outlive this.
OCTOPATH TRAVELLER LEVELS OF GAMEPLAY WITH BATMAN FEELING STRAND TYPE GAME PLAY AND ALSO IT WORKS WITH THE GRUSH CONTROLLER AND BUT ITS ALSO A GOOD FRANCHISE OUT OF FIVE
At least you have your progress from ow1 unlike us console peasants. Time to crawl back into my hole.
You got into one of the 30000-player matches? I guess I'm still in the placement matches where I only have a few hundred other people, but I'm constantly getting interrupted by server or log-in errors.
This looks like a joke. Yesterday I spent I shit you not 4 literal hours on the fucking screen,to enter and not have my old shit at all until today which is still that way💀💀. I really appreciate dunkey making this one specially featuring the brand new gameplay experience from a boring fps to one of those free battle royales everyone knows and loves. 🫴
Sorry I can't play this game because I have cricket and blizzard doesn't care to fix this problem
Exciting gameplay c:
Dunkey please play a good game like Warzone!!!
"no no dont worry, its great that the game is free to play".   yea sure.
Lololololololol
hahahahhaha, i love u dunkey <3  This update is so cheesy just because they called it ow2.. if they said it was a v.2,0 overhaul i would feel much more inclined to play some more hours.. but this is just like spitting on someone
The absolute state of games in 2022, I have to give phone number to even get access. Does blizzard want to hook up or smth?
OW 2:  Rise of Queue Waiting Simulator
It really makes your FEEL like Winston
The best part of playing Overwatch 2 is the not-playing of Overwatch 2, which is also the worst part simultaneously.
Wow! Those mad lads actually did it! In Overwatch 2 they actually DOUBLED everything I remember from Overwatch 1!
I left my game on all day after i got home from school and i had to leave at 7:00 but right as i get in my car my friend texted me congratulating me for getting into the game, i didnt get home until like 10 and barely got to play before going to sleep
The best thing about OW2 is that since it doesn’t work, you can play better Team Based shooters instead like Team Fortress 2 and Gundam Evolution.
Dunkey what about all the people who can't even play it because they have prepaid cellphone plans.
More like "Pay $9.99 to welcome to Overwatch 2". 0:51 You meme, but they apparently are adding a battle royale mode.
Hilarious jokes in the comments aside, I feel it's really telling that this is a sequel to one of the most hyped shooters in recent memory, and it launched with ZERO fanfare or hype. I've heard literally no one talking about this game, and the only mention of it in my YouTube feed so far is a video of Dunky taking the piss out of it. Sad day, Blizzard.
Overwatch 2 really keeps its routes in waiting so long for one fucking match
2;57 I love how you can completely verify the disbelief in dunkeys voice.
Queuing is the best part of gaming
By the looks of it, this is going to be the next gta online!
Truly the next era of gaming
This game have me like 💀
It was a bold choice to make Overwatch 2 less of a shooter and more of a strand type game
This game really makes you feel like Winston
50 gb?
It really makes you FEEL like a loading screen.
is it worth it. I quitted awhile ago becaus blizzard sucks soooooo much
Shame that you didn't mention that fashinating ray of light coming from the upper right of the screen, it's one of my favorite parts.
this queue game is so good that it plays itself, GOTY
Good to see they brought black the classic vibes of... Diablo 3 Error 37.
ONE DAY LATER💀.  Yeah uh,yeah,as of now I don’t have the saved progress of the last account,cuz I dropped the game during the remix and uh. Yeah whenever it wants lol 1:39 I feel this💀 2:15 happens 2:20 I believe you at this point lmao 2:30 WOAAAAAAH 2:55 lmfao. Great great yup
All this talk about Overwatch 2, am I the only one who wants to know when Overwatch 1 is coming out?
Just play Gundam Evolution, is better than ouch 2
I think I’m starting to get what they were trying to go for in terms of gameplay, but overall the execution is a bit lacking. I think the wait times are too short
They really PHONED this one in
Welcome to overwatch 2, everyone below windows 10 will no longer be able to play the game, because we go “eww” when we see anything below windows 10. So all of that grinding, all of those outfits, everything you worked hard to unlock; too bad! :)
Battle Royale 🤣🤣🤣
People are way too entitled these days wanting to not wait for a 30,000 player queue.
A failed project long before it was "launched"
This is OverWatch 1, the only difference is they made Doomfits worse 😭😭😭
This game is so groundbreaking, they're thinking of adding another "ue" to queue
it's F2W - free to wait
Overwatch 2 is for sure one of the loading simulators ever made
I enjoyed this waiting in line simulator but I found it too difficult when I got to the UNEXPECTED SERVER ERROR part of the CLIENT REQUESTED DISCONNECT zone, the LC-208 and BC-153 bosses just stomp me every time and it feels like a brick wall :(.
I'm still in the Beta 2.5 trying to get my phone number to be accepted.
As a long time player of Blizzard games, and more recently an enjoyer of Path of Exile's seasonal content, I for one am happy to see a queue simulator make it to the big stage like this.
My own nut plays better than Overwatch 2, atleast i don't have to wait that long to taste it.
legend has that after posting this video, dunkey got 50000th place. Truly the first queue- type game.
They should’ve left Overwatch as it was, and get rid of that stupid role picking. I want my all Tank Team back with OLD Torbjorn!
Overwatch 2 is the best Overwatch game of all time.
*based on a true story
You see it's a subtle change where they made the new mode such that you OVER WATCH the queue screen... 2.  only true Valorant gamers will understand such an innovative tweak to the gameplay
This might just be the Activision Blizzard game of all time
On the upside the queue will vanish in three days as people realize it's garbo
I stopped watching videogamedunkey after he said overwatch 2 is bad.
I find it very entertaining that you can play overwatch 1 while the battle royale of 40000 players is loading
Bold move of Blizzard to make such drastic changes to Overwatch 2, I thought it was going to be just the same game but they really went experimental here. This reminds me of the Queen Queue game the brits are playing.
yucky game!!!
Say what you will I have never seen better advertising on the cover of a game before this with da 3 hawt ladies
my friends tried to play all day yesterday and failed to get into a single match xD 10/10
It's loading times can be compared to the next release of the new Cyberpunk
This feelsbadman.  I never played Overwatch when it was 'cool and popular' because potato computer.  Now I have a good pc, want to try but seems like it's never gonna take off again.
Unbelievably brilliant they combined an FPS-type game with a load-type game. A truly unique blend! 9/10, it has a little something for everyone.
I made it to the menu, then it went back to the 30.000 queue...
Tf 2 players after 15 years: "Lol".
This is what happens when a small indie company takes on launching a game, this type of launch would have never happened if BIG MODE was in charge
Queue simulator 2022
Jokes on you. I'm British and a large handful of my fellow citizens spent days queueing in London a few weeks ago. We can handle a little wait like this.
Haters will say the shooting part is fake
Game has a little something for everyone
Am I the only one who looked for ow2 in the launcher and didn’t find it? After a half minute I clicked on the place where ow1 was.
Blizzard still got it, always innovating.
blizzard has dethrone elden ring as the greatest video game by  making the load type game.10/10
I'll enjoy watching this game backflip and self-destruct.
more winston  More like  No more winston
And that's why dunkey is the best Winston player in Overwatch 2
Is this all a joke, or is this for real?
They'll make knack 4 before overwatch 2 finishes loading
Me and my pals waited for so long we actually went and had more fun playing Paladins to kill time 💀
more like overwatch poo HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAH
I give O2 3 years of healthy playerbase and server closure by year 5
Just wait until the Queue Screen Soundtrack DLC, $49.99 this holiday season.
This wouldn't have happened if Overwatch 2 went BIG mode.
Watching this video while in the queue to get into the game
This was the review of all time
Dunkeyyyy
I can't even play the damn game because Blizzard thinks that my telephone number is too suspicious.  I used my smartphone for six years, and I have never changed my telephone number. The support can't do a thing, but it seems like I am not missing out on much
I hope they add Bunkley to this game, but for now I guess Hamston's alright for now.
Ez money.
I just got back from vacation and I'm still in queue
Gotta love every triple A studio having server issues on launch with every single release. Can we at least play bots offline until this rubbish is fixed?
It's a loadlike!
The game is so realistic, giving the actual time required to set up a match, forming up the teams, the players, and weapons as if it was like an actual match in real life
So its overwatch 1 with extra steps?
Let’s see how well your game launch goes :)
The compliment to the logo is exactly how nitpicky YouTubers talk about the most boring things.
in 2022 we still can't get release days right, huh? Not even for a 6 year old game that gets a big update.
Is this a new strand type game?
Really hope Dunkey does more on this game. As shitty as Overwatch is, its fun to here Dunkey go over/play it, and it genuinely makes some of my favorite videos from the channel.
This is the new stranding game.
Blaaahhhhhhh
wow, this game is a total ripoff of 2b2t
Oh the irony of getting an uninspired trailer ad for the upda- er, game, before the video
This game really makes you FEEL like Overwatch 2
You now have to queue to be able to queue. Overwatch 2 truly lives up to its name.
Unironically one of the worst game launches I have ever seen. I can't believe they fucked it up this bad. I don't even think the ddos stuff is the most important factor at play here.
You're first ow2 video was funny this one is not.
Lost all my skins 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 can't even play a match cause i'm stuck in the merge queue 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I had a feeling he would do something like this 😂
I can't even login to the Blizzard launcher 🤣
Hope you enjoyed the phone number mechanics.
All jokes aside, when you do get in, it's so fun when you get a lot of people "coming back" to play the game.  Like, they're not noobs, but definitely not pros. The queue is fast, and the heroes do feel fun to play, with some not requiring you to have tracking like shroud.
They really revolutionized the payload mechanic in shooter games like TF2, OW1, and more, in this game you pay then get to watch the game load for endless hours of fun!
Another disingenuous video by Dunkey regarding OW2. What a shock. The queue issues stopped being a problem 12 hours after launch (I only had to wait 30 seconds to get in). And almost all server and website issues were fixed in the first day. But you'll just keep focusing on the few negative things, huh?
funny thing is that its not even real players in queue, just a piece of code which looks at how much in trouble servers are and after that render some number
Lost all my skins and progress, the launch couldn't have been worse
First strand-type shooter
Finally, a game for the British
When you think Dunkey is making one of his memey videos, but he's actually 100% accurate.
Lol
I think this is one of the best DDoS-type games i've seen in awhile. Really engaging
I knew you would do such a video I knew it 😂
love how dunkey has done this video like 5 times already and its still hilarious
Im happy with Overwatch 2
Oh boy can’t wait for this video to finish loading!
I hit that like button like i was in lightspeed mode
Him saying Yes!yes! Actually makes him sound so happy that he finally got in. And then..... pain
How can people be hyped for a stupid patch with a 2 slapped onto it lol.
no dislikes, people love it!
This video is brilliant
It's the second Strand-type game. Truly even more revolutionary.
Cutting edge gameplay
I can’t believe he actually got in a match. I haven’t even made it that far after 4 attempts.
I actually won a round of Overwatch 2 today while I was in class, can't wait to do it again
At least Nintendo would put some farming in there while you wait. Can't even grow a crop here!
Nice that they made a video game based on escalator land.
Damn they really still ddosing this game
I think the video is funny but ima be honest seems like alot of people are shittung on overwatch just cause it's the popular thing to do
I think Dunk may be the only person on this whole platform who can turn 3 minutes of a loading screen into an entertaining video.
"Oh this is just OW 1..."  I mean, they had realistic expectations, they didn't think anyone would play so they didn't have dedicated servers for it
I’m amazed people willingly play this dog shit
I think their decision to remove the main menu is a bold one, if quite controversial.
After insatall and try a overwatch 2 and  wolrd war 3 in one week I have enough  queue type games for the rest of my life.
It really makes you feeeeel like you paid money for Overwatch 1 again
so its like nft — you game a little and let other person game a little and so on :D
This game really make you feel like you should re-evaluate your life choices
Man Blizzard is fuckin dead. I'll never understand how companies can make such bad desicions. I mean I do cause you idiots keep buying this half finished shit so they still make money, but damn they could make so much more if the games didn't suck
wait queue simulator
OVERWATCH's server is shutting down soon too because Blizzard aint having none of that people just going back to that shit . if you want to play at all you will pay and like what they give you because it's not like they give a rats ass about anything other than money ...the merger with Activision is complete .
i have so many hours on OW2 and i haven't even played it yet
I loaded up one time and haven’t been able to load up , literally waited an hour today and was in queue
Dead game 😊
Overcuck 2
It kinda sucks that OW 1 players get the short end of the stick. As much as many people didn't like the loot boxes, it at least gave us something to look forward to because it was all random chance at some cosmetics. Now, you have to shell out money for a cosmetic that you want. What's the point of playing this game if there's no goal to work towards? It's all behind another paywall now. Going F2P was not the move, imo.
This videogame remind me of time when I waiting for my turn to play smash brother at Jamuel Hughes's House
Dunkey made a new video already??      oh... I see
I'm so happy i paied to have a fancy loadingscreen which sets me apart of all the other 30.000 players.
I actually think that they didn’t just shut down OW 1 servers, they BURNED them!
I feel like if you bought the game you should get priority in the que
I have not played even Overwatch 1 but wanted Dunkey take on this 1.01 update. Glad to see that he didn't disappoint anyone.
Overwatch 2 is completely different you see bastion now has a trucker hat
this is an entire new genre of game I call it a load type game because thats what happen
Very Strand like
This is almost as ugly as speeds face reveal 😬
I'm dying xD
I think this sets a new playing field of how to queue and be a queue master.
Never before has an FPS let me have a full night's rest during gameplay
Overwatch 2: Electric Boogaloo
Ow2 is the first load royale battling thousands and thousands of other players to the menu, truly a pathfinder
Dunky you're effin Hillarious, man.
one of the better Queueslike of the year
They found a way to fuck it up
We can only hope that Knack 3 has this level of astonishing quality
Now the name of the game makes perfect sense
Downloaded hit queue uninstalled this uninspired expansion. Too many good games from all time periods to play to put up with blizzards shit.
STEP 1: Buy a PS5 STEP 2: Buy Overwatch 2 STEP 3 : Buy Guilty Gear STEP 4 : While Overwatch 2 is loading, make a new account on Guilty Gear STEP 5 : Play Guilty Gear
so is the plan to make my pc mine crypto while i wait?
always was ****Points Gun***
* USB device connected sfx Dunkey got bored of playing legit and got instantly kicked for trying to play using two keyboards mid-game.
guys play on Asian Server it works
this game launch is great, starting reading a book
I think the game heard you donkey and kicked you back into the queue
I joined the queue before I left for work this morning. Still not in yet
If Overwatch 2 is so great, why isn't there an Overwatch 2 2?
Overwatch 2 is the kind of game that you  open on thursday to play on friday
So the objective is not to play? Man, I'm really good at this game then!
you have to watch out for the brand new hero: game server connection failed.  they are very op.
It's called overwatch 2 because you're watching over the que for 2 long
as a PC COD player i can relate
I HATE Blizzard!
When a League queue takes less time to get into a game (dodges included) you know Blizzard fucked up
I KNEW IT FROM THE FIRST 6 SECONDS  AMAZING VIDEO
I waited in a queue of 40k people, when I got to the front of the queue and thought I was about to get in it said error connecting to server and put me all the way back behind 40k people again. It happened 3 times in a row. Amazing gameplay!
IN QUEUE: 0 PLAYERS AHEAD OF YOU
number 1997
the loading screen bug hasn't been fixed lol. this logout shit used to happen 5 years ago as well
Certainly over watching that queue.
Overwatch 2 the sequel collection
the fucked my browser im now permantanly stuck on yahoo and i cannot change it, it also needs your first born child and a blood sacrifice to play it
.
Hahaha wOw
Finally
The first Desert Bus-Battle Royal type game.
F
Man that logo tho
finally: more winston
I have played Overwatch for  the entirety of its existence and I am nothing but glad that they have shit the bed on OW2. I needed something to stop my ABSOLUTE ADDICTION to Overwatch and so far they have not let me down. I'm a day one user of OW1 and I have still not made it to the main menu of OW2 because of the "ddos". I heard they made it very P2W, so GG to Blizzard on this one.
Games fun and free. Stop crying and just have some patience
This game is a joke. A slapped together f2p model that they slapped together from assets that are probably 2 years old by now is not the "sequel" this game actually deserved
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Damn I didn’t know that idling in the twitch streams for the beta keys was actually practice for the real game
Do we actually know how this game works? Maybe disconnecting is the win state?
Ah yes, I’ve been looking for a free screensaver. Thanks Blizzard
Wow another strand type game
What a game! Can't wait for Overwatch 3!!!
When I finally loaded in all my stuff was gone and the account merge option straight up doesnt work, really cool game so far
Honestly, Dunkey didn't have to do much to make this funny as hell.
Thought I was gonna get to play on day 1 I was probably just too excited which well ok they fucked up it’s fine I can be patient right. Ok here we are after a long day of work it’s been over 24 hours I’m sure blizzard has at least fixed it so I can play the game…. Oh no guess I can’t play day 2 either um.. well this sucks
I did a stream that was just the Overwatch 2 queue. It lasted over 9 hours.
This game really makes you feel like you’re experiencing physical pain as the queue sits at 200 for 3 minutes before restarting and doing the same thing 5 times.
See, hes making fun of it a day later buts the fact still is the servers are still bad
Welcome to Overwatch 2! Where the queue is 40000 and servers being ddos attacked!!! best game launch of the decade already
Honestly I'm coming back to this video everytime im in queue
One of the most games of all time.
Gundam Evolutions.
Since I play this game I have more time to spent with my kids, what a nightmare
a yes, truly one of the games of all time
Yesterday night when i tried it said 20k players so i gave up. Tonight its says 200 players ahead but after it expires it gives you server connection error.  Great launch Blizzard. Way to go with those servers!
Got an Overwatch 2 ad on this video! Can’t wait to play!
Turns out the only thing Blizzard has worked on in the past 3 years has been the logo so theyve put everyone in a queue while they work on the game. The new release date is 2029
The ambient music is truly a masterpiece, jeff really has outdone himself this time
This game really makes you feel like a disappointment
People laugh at valve for not able to count to 3
Hahaha
Blizzard at this point will be failing upwards...
Overwatch 2 really makes you FEEL like a blizzard employee
Don’t forget to mention half the playerbase lost all their stuff from overwatch 1 and are expected to play as a level 1 account
Should have been published by BigMode honestly, that's their first mistake
Are people really so exited for this?
Loading screen Simulator, nice.
I have no doubt that 40000 queue actually took 7 hours
Some top tier gameplay
Overwatch, get it? It’s called that because you over watch the game menu.
What a great game.
Overwatch 2 is a good franchise
I might actually play this??
Overweights Overwait 2
I guess the comment in the gta video about overwatch getting you quick into the action.. STILL STANDS HOLY #@&# THAT 40000 PLAYER JUMP WAS INSANE!!
My ult is my email address being copy pasted for the 16th time, they don't expect it
When dunkey said "It's Winston'n time" I got a chill from my spine.Truly a masterpiece classic. Vravo Bince.
He’s not really that good at this game. He let Mercy revive 40,000 people
I looked for it this morning, cause I was certain it would be here, an hour later, boom. It was inevitable
Excellent review, can't wait for them to finish development so I can play this game
"Never say that OW 2 is the same as OW 1 at Bobby Kotick's house" — Winston, probably.
Ow2 is grab
I looked for it this morning, cause I was certain it would be here, an hour later, boom. It was inevitable
let me guess, the hwole vid is gonan be the loading screen isn't it?
Overwatch: England Edition
I have a newborn at home. I'm constantly changing poopy diapers and have no time to play overwatch. And yet, I feel like Overwatch 2 players are dealing with more shit than I am.
If Overwatch 2 is so good why isn't there an Overwatch 2 2?
That's queuet
If your on PC I recommend changing your server to Asia.
IMMEDIATELY goes for the most toxic mode
it trully feels like you are loading
If only you could click on the Logo, more like Logo Clicker
Lol imagine trusting Blizzard for even 1 second.
>Go f2p >Forget to prepare servers  Gj bliz
You have to get through 3 levels of loading just to enter
It's like the abusive cheating ex-girlfriend who came back and begs you to be together again just to revert to the same thing again.   At this point, I blame nobody but myself for believing in them ever so slightly
This game will be dead in one week.
They should call it Overwatch this loading screen
Pov: trying to get concert tickets on ticketmaster
For someone who's not played Overwatch for years before coming back for the launch of ""2"" I find it really hilarious to be suggested all of the "tribute to losing OW1" videos when those people must have known the update is just adding a battle-pass.
Can’t wait to see the Overwatch fanboys/girls to start going crazy after this dropped lmao
Is this the first queue type game?
Big companies still being unable to anticipate server load is really depressing.
Mate the queue count is straight fire 10/10
Some people will say this is edited. They're wrong.
This game really makes me feel like Overwatch. 2 of course
The NA servers are still f**ked up!! Honesly I'm just playing on Asian servers now
I expected to not see any gameplay at all. Disappointed. Unsubbed, disliked, leaving the country to live on a spacestation or something and eat bananas only.
Reminds me of playing World of Warcraft on the day a new expansion drops.
Ngl I miss the way the first game was, battle pass? For what!? Just let me play who I want to play.
This is literally my experience
Nobody: Overwatch: we got queues No one: Overwatch 2: I SAID QUEUES!
First
Blizzard  Can I have my skins please
Who the fuck keep buying their games? WoW is a load type game. This piece of shit is another load type game.
How does a company as big as Activision-Blizzard somehow not manage enough server space for the sequel to one of the most popular shooting games of all time?  I thought the whole point of AAA companies was that they could use greater resources to make better products?
Kinda depressing after everything Blizzard did to ruin their goodwill with fans, they still flocked to this game in such record numbers their servers couldn't keep up. Seems there's no limit to how much bad a company can do and still consistently hit record sales numbers.
Overwatch 2 might just be one of the games of all time. Bravo Dunkey.
ow2 is the best queue screen ive ever played
Just reusing wow assets, how lazy could the devs be!  😩😆😎🥱🧐
Since this comment section is full of REAL gamers. Do y’all who played the beta think this game will be as good as the originals first few years?
an actual fix was switching to the Asia server because it only affects the login servers so you would only get a queue of 500 instead of 40000
Authentic gamer experience from the blizzard team once again!
IGN said it was good, soooooooo....
Lol been waiting over 24 hours to get in, haven't even gotten to see the menu's yet. Great launch, 10/10
tru tru
I like how the logo and the title are both trademarked.
Who would've guessed that the first big mode game would be overwatch 2. Bunkey is really pulling all the stops here.
Dang it's unfortunate that companies couldn't possibly predict that a lot of people would be playing a game on launch and could dynamically allocate resources to keep up with the increase in server volume.
I'm watching this while I'm in 2000 queue
C'mon guys let's not complain about the queue issues now, do you guys have any idea how hard it is for an indie company to make an ENTIRELY new game in ONLY 6 years?
I knew from the 1st second of the vid that it would be about amazing queue expirience :D
Nobody asked for over watch 2 Duck you blizzard
Watch over.
gg I was player 28,932.
wow an actual battle royale
Can't play this riveting loading screen game because blizzard doesn't like my phone number Big sad, I looked forward to staring at that loading screen for the next 8 hours of my life.
"The queue to end all queues".
Overwatch 2, more like Overwatch Poo
OverDiversity 2
Watch this get GOTY over Ragnarok and Elden Ring.
I can't Even fucking Come in becuse the shitty phone numder bullshit
I just want some rule 34 of the new characters
While every dishonest game channel is blatantly lying about Overwatch 1.2 being the best thing ever instead of a glorified update with even more censorship, a ridiculous battlepass and even more paid items   Dunkey just says it how it is
Overwatch 2: Loading screen simulator  1st of its kind
Still happening today... "Guys, we're experiencing a DDoS attack!" What they really meant is that they're incompetent, and once again underperformed when it came to a game launch.
Ah yes, nothing like having to queue for DPS twice 😌
This game really makes you feel like you are going to die of old age before getting to play
The first queue -type game out there
The load times are so long because blizzard is stealing your identity in real time, this truly is the future of gaming
This is the 1st queue type game
"that might be play of the game" HAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAH
Queue? Is that a Canadian city?
This game is a insanity simulator Heck, even the voices in my brain are saying that waiting 2 hours just to get in the game is not worth it
can only ten people play it a time or
With a queue like that this has to be England's new favorite game.
That's was the best play of the game I've ever seen...
Welcome to overwatch 2 Leave.
I can play right? if i have the base version of ow1 ?
So Blizzard really shut down Overwatch 1 completely even before the launch to force people to buy Overwatch 2? Wow. Then again, the new micro transactions stuff is probably the most money they'll ever make and people will gladly throw money at it. I should buy ActivisionBlizzard stock lmao.
Some people still really like Acti-Blizz. I don't know why.
the queue is more fun than the game ur tryna get into tbh
It's queue time.
It seems Splatoon 3 really did change the world by having gameplay to break up the loading screens
This is like waiting at Jim Carrey's house
time to  get the victory refund royal
I like the nod to overwatch 1 in the loading screen they put in before resuming the OW2 BR queue!
this game really makes you feel like waiting
SIXTEEN TIMES THE DETAIL
overwatch 2? more like I'm over watching this loading screen 2
goty
Game of the Year 🙌🏻
This is exactly how it was yesterday
All the people queued up to play the same game they’ve already been playing for years 😂
Im so happy they made TF2 Clone 2. And the coolest part, *it just works*
British people must be thinking junkerqueen died
It still has role queue? 😩
Whatever anyone thinks about Overwatch 2, I gotta say that games like this truly make you feel that Blizzard shouldn't exist anymore.
at least they kept the core experience the same
You know a game is hard when it's already challenging to even get in     10/10: it's like Overwatch, but 2
“Oh this is just Overwatch 1” 😂
Nice video on game queue simulator
Overwatch is one of those games that you pick up for 2 seconds and then put down to never play again in your life. Overwatch 2 on the other hand (assuming they fix the servers and optimize it 100x more over the next few months) may fix this problem. Unlike the first overwatch, it seems 2 may have a lot more skill involved and planning and strategy, the teams are way more role focused. If they fix their shit it will be a decent (at least 5/10) game at the least, but not until then. It’s unfair to review this game any less than overwatch 1 because overwatch 2 is literally just a remaster of 1. It’s not supposed to be a new game. It’s supposed to be better.
If you are from europe you can change region to asia and you have no queue
I guess it's called Overwatch because it makes you watch the screen over and over until it's over.
the queue experience is top notch. 10/10
for me is the queue game but it has a twist, after joining the overwatch 1 level that has shooting and maps it randomly freezes permanently forcing me to use my secret technique: the task manager, so I can close the game and start all over again
Should be renamed to Overwatch Queue
I just wish they didn’t wipe my account 😭
This video was alright, but probably not as good as the funny Cheeto video you promised in the animal crossing video will be.
Overwatch really makes you feeling you’re over watching the queue.
Loading screen gives Sonic 06 a run for its money
queuwatch
I heard the ending to this battle royale is well worth the wait, you get to play over watch 1 with 5 players per team instead of 6 pretty exciting
Overwait 2
To think he praised Overwatch quening when he complained about GTA Online matchmaking.
This is so much better than Overwatch 3 !!! OMG!
Or when you finally get in for ranked and someone dc's throwing everyone back to the start. Good times!
man I've been waiting for the free dlc the actual game
Why the hell is Overwatch the only FPS that has this god awful queue system?
can't wait for overwatch 3!
I'm just wondering how that's even possible. was under the assumption that this game would tank and be essentially dead on arival. .... so where the hell does the queue come from?
idle games are where the $$$ is at
Dunkey is nitpicking and biased. He’ll never be the next goat because I’m already him.
They actually managed to pull it off.. Blizzard you sly dogs, 40,000 concurrent players on the same map!? This is definitely the game.
This is just like escalator land from fairly odd parents.  "When do we get to the ride?" "This is the ride yippee!"
The best part is gonna be when its your turn and then it returns you to the end of the line.
How did I know this was coming 💀
Overwatch 2, the game nobody gets to play 😂
Perfect representation of how I'll always remember the glory of Overwatch 2 release day
Wow this video has really changed my thoughts on the game… I think I might actually try it now!
so only about 30k concurrent are playing the beta oof
Now thats the experiences we've been waiting for. Thank you dark... I mean thank you Blizzard!
I waited for a long time and didn’t get my ow1 stuff back
Ah yes, the second strand type game
this game is a shit show
The fact they added a battle pass on top of the loot boxes really pisses me off. I'm so fucking sick of battle passes.
Ngl if you wanna play this game, just wait until it's 4 am in your region and you're good lol
that’s how it goes
Next generation strand-type game
Overwatch 2 is here to teach us math, because the longer we wait in line, the more the numbers go up, and that's amazing! We need more education games like Overwatch!
Overwatch? More like No-verwatch!
Love that I played for 5 years consistently and got my cosmetics wiped for no reason. Added a phone number to my account and connected my account but still nothing. How hard is it to just transfer everyone’s shit over. It’s the same fucking game.
It's funny to me, because I had a very simular experience
such intensive footage
Overwatch 2 made Queues a core game mechanic the same way Death Stranding made Walking a core game mechanic.
I live in Sweden and the matches i got in to were amazing
Wait a second.... Is this the guy from Bowser's big bean burrito?
To the people who ddosed overwatch 2 on the first day "Bruh"
Can't wait to see the day and night maps comparison.
idk who game server is, but that dude is cracked at this game. he kills me every match.
Hopefully we get a video on Gundam Evolution too
One of the first queue-type games, fantastic.
I thought Titanfall 2 was peak, but this is an absolute masterpiece.
overwatch 2 really makes you FEEL like one of the 40000 players in queue
Nice tribute to the Queen's funeral queue.
Still less frustrating than Overwatch 1, where the entire objective was to get yelled at on mic for any character you chose besides Mercy.
Thank you!  I needed this.  ❤
Sorry, we were unable to log you in. Please try again later (BC-153)
Seeing this video in my recommended gave me so much more dopamine than when the game itself was announced lmao
is this a feature?
lets bring battleborn back
Always wanted a loading simulator
Better quality then the current servers
Remove the characters, allow everyone to actually fucking jump, maybe have a map where there are two towers, facing each other ... perhaps with hidden sniper rifles.  THAT'S the overwatch I remember.
“Go on…I can wait” -Ana Amari 2016
Best game ever!!!!
They really added a battle pass to this game, well that sucks...
I would rather play uncharted whole serious again collecting all the treasures again
Literally got an over watch two ad before this
I think this new load-screen type of fps is going to shatter the market, almost like what fortnite did but even greater. Modern Warfare 2 is done for, not to mention all the other inferior fps games.
Game of the year
Never play Blizzard games day 1
I cant wait for overwatch three when they finally get rid of the gameplay and it’s only a waiting queue. GIVES THE FANS WHAT THEY WANT!
Glad they're preserving the old vision of the original!
Classic Blizzard game
Tf you mean there is no Winston? *sigh* I'm going in with next to no knowledge but holy hell you gotta be memeing Ima keep watching. Oh ok I fell for that lmao
What’s the song at the end
Is this coming to mobile
I love gaming
probably a kojima game
This is my new fav Dunkey video
Can't believe me and dunkey had the exact same day 1 experience
greatest part is selling stuff we couldve got free before insane big brain from blizzard
This game simulates what it's like to apply for Healthcare in China
Blizzard really went in a different direction by making the whole video game a loading screen. I think it was not only incredibly brave, but perhaps the greatest gaming pivot of all time.
I wasn't sure about the new direction the game was going at first, but I think a queue-based battle royale is a pretty bold new direction for the franchise. And it's a neat easter egg that the original, unchanged game is a minigame you can play for a few minutes occasionally.
only 7 hours? It took 12 hours for me, then I got kicked right at overtime!
More like overwatch poo.
Dunkey…. I don’t like how you’re blandly spreading misinformation here. This is Overwatch 1.1 not Overwatch 2
Classic lol
i sat in queue for 8 hours straight to play this shit ass game
Truly, one of the in queue games of all time
why does the menu music remind me of big hero six 2:48
the desktop shortcut still even says "overwatch" lol
7/10 - IGN
This exact process happened to me yesterday within the span of an hour. Closed the game and just gonna wait. Good review is good.
I want to make it clear though, this isn't blizzard's fault. They've been getting ddossed and it is VERY hard to protect from that.
If you are too lazy to make a 2nd game just remove some of the features of the first game and release the exact game
I can sum this game up in 2 words...CASH GRAB.
This video is more fun than Overwatch 2
This comment section is therapy
Honestly I think the game is pretty good, it really makes you feel like your in a waiting room
if you change the server to Asia servers you connect instantly
This game is 10x better than my 2006 Netflix Queue. Or "Q" as the cool kids called it back then.
overwatch 2 has 20k views in 10 hours 5 hours later gotham knights has 100k views on the same IGN channel 2 hours after overwatch2 dead cells got 10k more views xD no one cares about blizzard anymore it's actually funny ..imagine wanting to work for a company that kicked out all of its developers in the name of wokeness.
i played the game and tbh im not even disappointed, I'm just angry at blizzard. They removed all the good and fun parts from overwatch. I could write whole book about why I hate it so much, but who cares. Im just sad they destroyed my favourite game
Overwatch 2? more like Overbotch 2 amirite fellas?
It has a little something for everyone
after not playing overwatch for 4 years I downloaded it today and had exactly 0 queue time here in germany so idk what this queue thing is about, its literally the same game tho
Imagine if this game had such futuristic features as 'hosting your own server' or a 'server browser'. Maybe even the option to play on custom maps and to set custom rules as to hero limits.  Sadly, Blizzard had no time to invent such technology yet, for it has been available on the market for only 30 years.
wow I can't believe dunkey beat overwatch 2
But which characters have Blizzard now confirmed to be gay in order to coverup corporate wide degeneracy?! Huh? *TELL ME DUNKEY!*
I just uploaded a comprehensive video on this exact subject as well... As my channel's premiere video, I'm both ecstatic and afraid to live up to the content producing warlord that is videogamedunkey.
I'm starting to suspect this is not worth $80
you know you’ve messed up when your new online shooter is less functional than Nintendo’s
Incredible, this in-depth, behind the scenes look at Overwatch 2 - not only did Dunkey beat the main game by completing the main “waiting in queue” quest line, but he also managed to finish the supplementary 5v5 FPS bonus DLC as well, all within 24 hours of release. Truly, this is one of the video games of all time.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaand they kept Role Queue...
Imagine being an overwatch fan.. at all... the first one was hot garbage. It was never more than an ult spam fest and explosions of color. Trash game.
Buck bumble
When I first played splatoon I though to myself "damn this shit got terrible online" and then I played overwatch and realized splatoon was actually pretty good
I don't get the re-release. Nothing has changed. I played it for 3 matches and quit again.
Just by the title, I knew what the content of this video was going to be
Too real.
never played overwatch and have no opinions on it, but i like listening to dunkey on it
“Overwatch is a game of patience” knack 2022
25 hours later I have yet to get in
I think the logo is a tribute to dunkey's beating of Goldeneye with a USB steering wheel.
Queuewatch 2 for Game of the Year 2022, I really like the "Game server connection failed… Retrying" feature.
I was able to get in a little while yesterday at like 5pm eastern time with few hiccups and I didn’t know how lucky I was.  Had some stuff to do and then came home to play around 9-10, and essentially had this experience.  Tried again a little after midnight and figured out that if my queue starts at like 200-700 players it’s gonna be an error message, but if I do get a huge number like 20000 plus, I will connect in…eventually, so I just left it in and walked away and eventually got in about 30 mins later and played the crap out of it.  It was great but currently trying to play again and no luck.  It’s a shame because I never really got into original overwatch, came a little too late by a few years and everyone was godly, and for some reason I’ve always been more of a paladins guy.  But the games I’ve played have been a blast, everyone kind of sucks and no one gets the meta yet so it’s insane chaos.  All my friends can play on whatever platform they are on, switch, Xbox, ps, pc, and we had a blast playing a custom free for all, it honestly reminded me of the good old halo 3-reach days playing customs, and I love the cross progression and honestly had the least amount of connection hiccups playing switch in my bed, but my god, we all had to stay up late af to do it.  When this gets ironed out, I feel like it will be my friends and my go to game since like every device that can even attempt to run it has it on there, but…that’s if you can even get past the log in screen…..
I love dunkey, but this was a very expected video...
What the fuck is a wintone
I love that Blizz snuck this classic WoW reference in there
Guilty Gear's load times have nothing on this.
The Servers are trash but hey the New Heros actually cool the cooles is kiriko WE need a good Support that makes fun to Play and finnaly we Gott one
this game really makes you feel like British tracer overwatch
Big fan of big farts playing knack 2
The end card title should’ve been:”more queue”
when I loaded in it was 50k...
And people said it would be just like the first one...
This video reminds me of Overwatch 2
My exact same experience except yesterday I NEVER got to play the game, I just stayed in eternal queue and "error connecting to server" :(
For those of you that are curious of the like : dislike ratio, let me break it down for you. The number that is next to the likes is the number of likes on the video. Then, we have the number next to the dislike button, which is the number of dislikes on the video. To calculate the ratio, simply compare the numbers.
Guys we have to buy battle pass to open new hero? We cannot open new hero without buy battle pass?
try to log in. 30 k people before me, alt tab..... 15 min later im in,. continue to play for the next 5 hours without any problem............................ the internet never fail to amaze me of how they blow nonissues out of proportion
For me the queue never went up that high, I just kept getting disconnected even after getting in. Glad it stabilized
If you love loading screens you LOVE this
Queue Simulator. Fun gameplay &Unique icon. Anything else?
The first ever Wait-type game
Amazing, sublime, exquisite. The best queque game out there, and it's free. What are people waiting for?
For me the queue never went up that high, I just kept getting disconnected even after getting in. Glad it stabilized
They even shut down the old game… just so the servers wouldn’t work on the new one
Still haven’t been able to play:  2 days
Change region to Europe you'll connect faster or right away. Ping might be shit but good enough for quickplay.
Imagine waiting 2 hours in line for a roller coaster, and when you reach the front, they tell you the coaster is broken. 10/10 Immersion.
Gotta be embarrassing for the Overwatch team with this performance when shoestring budget WoW Classic launched expansion flawlessly last week
i got a spanish overwatch ad on this vid, i cant wait to not download this game!
They should change a name. Like "Watch over this loading counter" or "Test our servers for us for free"
So i downloaded overwatch 2 but when it finished installing it said, installed overwatch origin edition.  Is overwatch 2 just Overwatch reskinned?
Yes this is a level on genius only Dunkey can achieve
the future of games is now
Why do companies with a billion employees always on crunch time refuse to actually do any game development.   Blizzard needs some cash so they turn a shitty coop overwatch game that no one asked for into overwatch 2 by adding overwatch 1 and rebalancing the game. And the worst part is I'll probably eventually buy it
Im amazed 40k people actually wanted to play that dog shit.
The replayability of this game is amazing.
Come on Blizzard is a small indie companie with barely any funds to afford servers.
Look at Dunkey getting to play with his fancy expensive phone plan.
OW2 is flawless don't worry about it PVE will be perfect at launch in [ENTER LAUNCH YEAR HERE]
This is why I don't play overwatch
Imagine expecting Blizzard to do something right  Blitzchung WoW Classic Warcraft Reforged Diablo Immortal and the people keep on thinking something will change
Battleborn was a commercial failure so that we could have this....
finally someone said it. this game is just like fortnite!
Reminds me of the first day Pokemon Go released.
fans of similar games such as “sitting at the DMV” or “The Hospital Waiting Room” will find a lot to love in Overwatch 2
disagree. logo sucks.
Overwatch 2 has definetly taken a spot as one of the games of all time
what the hell?
Gets in game "Oh this is just Overwatch 1" Gets booted from game
Really cool of Blizzard to have an FPS minigame for Overwatch 2. Would love to see a full online game based on the idea.
I enjoyed queueing with 0 people in front of me. I just stood there at the front of the queue. Waiting for 2 hours. I’m sorry for holding everyone up.
I literally said to my friend today: "I bet Dunkey uploads a video where he just stares at the loading screen for 5 minutes"
This video came on the right time.
Parties are broken, my match got canceled after 20 mins (right when we were gonna win OT), Overwatch 1 characters missing, missing skins, some of other friends got get on because they don't have a phone number to match their region or isn't post-paid.     At least it costs like 18 bucks for a skin now  *EDIT 07/10/2022*  The game has some issues...  Still experiencing disconnects, a friend of mine even got kicked mid game and sent to another match when trying to join back. My rank went from mid plat in overwatch 1 to low gold (Gold 4) after winning all seven placement matches. Overwatch 2 on switch is even more unplayable, my switch goes into rest mode trying to queue for the game because it takes so long.  I'm also noticing a lot of visual bugs with highlight intros, skins, animations, and player models (I even noticed that on the Ilios loading screen there are now 7 blank A - Posing player-models scattered around the map). Another bug is that sometimes you can't invite other players to your party, a problem that annoyed me greatly, I've found a temporary workaround by using "/invite" in chat  Also made the discovery, on the free battle pass, it took be around 30 games of competitive (and a couple of quickplays and 3v3 here and there) to get to level 10 on the Free Pass. New Characters like Kiriko require you to reach level 55 of the pass in order to play them. I'm estimating 165 matches before I reach level 55 on the free pass, thankfully I had Overwatch 1 before so its I have her unlocked anyway, but that won't be true for future characters where I will have to unlock them in the Battle Pass.  So, when the next broken character is rolled out, if I have to grind for weeks just to play as them, I'm going to be even more disappointed.  Speaking of broken - thank the lord Kiriko isn't in comp because she is very busted. Her kit is so over tuned and provides her with so much utility to avoid death, first game on I out DPS'D my team and the enemy team. She is a support. Deathmatch servers are now dominated by her. Hopefully she's given some nerfs to her damage output by the time she's released but I don't fully trust Blizzard to do that. Every support now has a heal over time effect, so now Moira and Lucio are practically speedy tanks that need to be one shot. I have a replay of me trying to kill a moira as tracer. Got her to low health and needed to reload my guns. By the time I reloaded she had nearly all her health back. It takes 1 second to reload tracer's guns. It does not take a genius to realise that just giving a blanket heal over time to every healer without taking into consideration each character's different abilities is a horrible idea when it comes to balancing. I've come across a game where the Moira finished with 20,000 heals and around 8,000 damage.  I'm not exaggerating when I say every game was a steam roll either for me or the enemy team  ------------------
When I logged in last night I only had a queue of 80 people
Yeah? But what about...Overwatch 3
Damn, I got lucky and have been playing Overwatch for hours. got past the queue an hour and a half after launch. W
I love that Blizzard is contributing to the strand-like genre
"most realistic game I have ever played" Overwatch  1 player.
My experience exactly
Bro literally I got to play a total of 5 matches last night, after trying to log into for about 5-6 hours. I won every single match tho. 😊
10/10 game i always win the battleroyale it just takes 21 hours
same experience except u saw gameplay. i just waited in line the got kicked out when i opened the settings......
It did had a little something for everyone after all.
Ok it took me a minute to figure out what the joke was
The first on-hold type game
Ultimate queue simulator. Perfect game for us British.
Zero dislikes, I guess Dunkey was right
First requeueing type game.
Why do they want my phone number
"Overcrowd" 2 : The loading Simulator
Overwatch 2 it has a little something for everyone
Overwatch 2 is truly the Loadlike of Dark Souls games
I just saw it pop up and knew what it was even before clicking. 10/10
gimme winston
imagine getting to actually play the game
Overwatch 2 is truly a masterpiece, i mean.. it is terribly impressive for them to have over 50000 players in a single Battle royale match before you have to play round 2 of fighting through error msg. Truly, a masterpiece of decade.  Now excuse me, I will go back to overwatch 1- oh...
Beating the loading screen feels much more rewarding than winning a match
waited 29 mins to play, then it said it couldn't log me in and i had to queue all over again. thanks jeff
It’s called overwatch because I’m fucking over it
Overwatch 2 definitely has a big difficulty spike in regards to beating its log in screen compared to its predeccesor but what lies underneath is still the *same* Overwatch we all love. It's like you're playing the first game again. It has a little something for everyone.  Props to Activision Blizzard for making one of the first login screen-type games.
This game tests your patience like no other
A very strand type game
Yup but the highest I've had was 2000
Has anyone yet played this game lol ?
one word..... relatable
Sorry, we were unable to log you in.
had the message "unable to log in" after the insane queue time 6 times now, can't wait to play the game... I do HAVE to wait though
Blizzard servers have always been shit. its actually kind of impressive at this point.
Me and my friends loved the game when we actually got in
Before we had Overwatch. Now we have Overwatch too.
I thought this game came out a month ago
Overwatch 2 launched as a subclass of strand-type game, a string-type game.  They string you along infinitely and you never actually play the game
Fun fact if you do get in a match and get an achievement the game will sign you out on xbox
Made this game at the 99 cents
It has as little something for nobody!
I agree, the orange 2 is really nice.
Blizzard: sike u thought
This game really makes you feel like blizzard hasn't updated their server infrastructure in 14 years
a true masterpiece.
Queue simulator 2023
Best game review ever :D
Another ow2 server problem video. How original. This happens with any game the day it is released. I expected more.
Still astonishing that people don’t know whats actually going on.
hate those damn queue skippers
Great video, thank you for highlighting the extremely interactive gameplay. Blizzard really delivered on this one.
Overwatch 2 really makes you feel like you over watched.
Dunkey is the funniest man alive
this game is hype!
QueueWatch looks fun.
Overwatch it’s bad every time the game
I love how this is actually the accurate hours it takes to login
The thanos gun in this game is your mom hiding your game so you go outside and play outside.
My friends and I wanted to play before I left but the game would never work
I've had some issues, but once I'm in it's genuinely fast and ferocious gameplay. The characters all feel the best they ever have.
This game is gonna suck
I can't wait for the DLC where you'll be able to have 50,000 or even 60,000 players in front of you. It's so amazing what these game devs can do nowadays.
Overwatch 2 really makes you feel like a watch.
No new modes and none of the old modes return… so the game doesn’t exist?? 🤯
Bro? You only played Overwatch 1 😒
Ah yes, the Queue simulator. Love those type of games
It’s a demo version where you only allow to play 5 mins
Blizzard saw how much fun the Bri'ish were having queueing for the queen and said "let's add a battle pass"
In only 3 minutes he covered every aspect of this game, from the logo design to the enthralling gameplay. This is one of those games that really make you FEEL like Winston.
0:00 to 0:32 me trying to hit the word count for an essay
Ahh finally! Fans from all over the world and critics from the industry were long waiting for this moment: dunkey review! Over three minutes of pure masterful gameplay exposure. I look forward into joining the fantastic battle royale queue.
This game really makes you feel like you're watching over something.
The worst part is you get kicked out faster than it takes to actually get into a game. Horrendous
Overwatch’s queue is trying to out queue the Queen’s
Was that the windows vista usb sound ?
omg hilarious, thank you while we wait for the laughs
Blizzard would get more players if they went back to the very very first ever patch of Overwatch... where Roadhogs hook actually hooked
us moment
why no 4K? this game deserves 4K
i see the title was appropriate since all you get in the OW2 experience is a welcome...  ... and that's it.
The real Overwatch 2 is Blizzard making the game unplayable so you boot up a better game instead.
It's just Overwatch with extra steps
this game really makes you 'feel' like there are 40,000 players ahead of you
The queue is a joke
You've done it again you bastard.
U dismissed the slash on the 2 of the logo. That's where the most work was put in, huge oversight and discredit to the designer
What makes me laugh in shambles is how they pretty much made you get the watchpoint pack to go and play the beta but now I'm another lucky one that didn't get any of the content that was promised on release day.
This is the first stand-in-line type game
You know, i've never really played Overwatch but i can tell they've stepped up their game and it's definitely making me want to try it finally!
I always knew the success would come to Overwatch 2. X,D
9 hour long video
I have not been able to play at all
Overwait 2 really makes you feels like you are waiting.
"Overwatch 2: Don't be Doo-Doo" *oops*
A very interesting and daring decision Blizzard made to take Overwatch to the Idle game genre previously only seen on mobile platforms. I played The Long Road from start to finish twice before I got to the match queue
"Noooo...I do not want a banana🦍🍌👓"  -Winston 2022
I got in through playing on the Asian servers and it's dogshit. The game feel like if I was playing through the first one inside of a tin can. And the 5v5 is just atrocious. I loved the first game and, this is a super let down
lmaoo
the fact that the game doesn’t even work if you have a prepaid phone plan is such a slap in the face by blizzard
Wow, Loading Screen Simulator 2 is looking great!
This made any hype for Diablo 4 go out the window
I like the 5v5 better than 6v6 but why should there be this much of a server issue when you’re going ftp and you know everyone is going to be logging on day one? Not to mention the joke of a 40 dollar battle pass, I kinda wanted the new story PvE mode but I also don’t like getting robbed.
my god its so inivative!!!! less is more clearly the main design philosify here.
this is truly the game of all time
anyone else on xbox not have their progression carry over to 2?
This game really makes you feel like spending $20 for a mediocre “legendary skin”.  Oh well. The two matches I actually got to play were fun tho so there’s that I guess
this game really makes you FEEL like you're still waiting for Overwatch 2
This is truly the era of gaming.
Now that's revolution in battle royale genre! This game will surely be the first one to get more critically acclaimed than Ocarina of Time.
This 3 minute feels like a 1 hour torment agony.
at least it’s free
This comment section really makes you FEEL like a done to death joke
dunky posted this video as if we would also be entertained by loading screens.
Overwatch 2 is like the Sonic 06 of video games
Nu-Blizzard, what a joke.
As one of the 6 still concurrent overwatch players that continued playing the game even despite the 0 updates over 2 years I must say I was absolutely ecstatic when I found out the game that I’ve been continuously playing for 6 years put over 2000 hours in and probably around $200 had an awesome new gameplay feature where it was just the menu
I can't even believe they even released the game
2b2t simulator
Sums it up pretty well :)
I wouldnt have even minded waiting in the queue and making an account if it were a game I payed for, but its free
So there I was in the infamous 40000 people ahead of you, so I updated terraria and played that till I got in and damn terraria is so fun it's been years
Took me about an hour before I gave up and checked reddit. Luckily they mentioned changing the region to Asia. Worked like a charm.
This is a really poor Disney Land simulator
welcome to im over this shit too
Leave it to Blizzard to fumble every single launch they hype up. Overwatch 2, Classic WoW, probably Diablo 2 Reforged somehow...
Tf2 = better game than overwatch
really solid gameplay :)
When Overwatch 3???😔
I'm still waiting for my money back from Overwatch 1.
I've been trying to log in for 15 hours and no luck. Every time I try it just gives me an error saying something went wrong or disconnected from game server. I've decided to give up and actually do something productive
ah yes i see the update brought a 2 to the game
The second 'Logo type' game after Gex
So I just lost the battle royal? And I was wondering why overwatch 2 just disappeared from my battlenet account
Lmao would’ve loved to play the game… would’ve loved to see dunkers review… would love to have my skins from Overwatch 1… but blizzard said NO
Love this new stylosa video
Overwatch 2: The Queue Simulator The Game 10/10
incredibly cool that overwatch 2 was the first game published by bigmode
Blizzard hasn't been a AAA developer for many years now so this isn't surprising at all.
Lolz, I was laughing 10 seconds in, gg.
wow, diamond 5 already.  dunk, ya killin it bayby.
Overwatch 2 is soulless. How dare we have to unlock new heros through a fucking battlepass. Fortnite ruined gaming culture by making it a norm. We went from every game having loot boxes to every game having a battlepass
As someone still battling the WotLK que boss, first time?
I hate how people are talking about "no new features"😒 like did they not see the new loading screen and logo?
IGN,hire this man
Of course it takes you 6 years to get into a match--one year for every year of development it was in
Idk why but I guess I've been lucky my queue time is always around 20min or so
Its already a queue game classic
So since they got rid of the first game and made this one f2p do I get my money back?
I got in by 9pm on launch day and i gotta say after trying one hero Kiriko and then getting kicked right after that. I like the new graphics options AMD FSR is a welcome edition keeps my fps locked.
Imagine someone being like “yo could you switch to kikiro.” And you’re like “sorry don’t got her.”
Wow, I had the same experience! Crazy!
Overwatch 2 is going to be one of the games released this year!
I had to make a new battlenet account and now they want my phone number ... it's not free if i'm paying with my privacy lol.  I can just feel the telemarketers eyeballing my information.  by the way i've applied and emailed BIGMODE .... not even a rejection letter.  Who's replying to messages over there?
Overwatch Over Watch Watch 2
My favorite part of the video was the mini-game at 2:50.
Dunkey you're a fucking genius. lmao
This game really makes you feel like you're in line at the worlds largest DMV
Oh thank god I thought I was the only one
Dunkey when are you gonna review Chex quest?
Any one else not get their skins and lvl brought over from ow1 on Xbox?
This is the YouTube equivalent of literally reading the phone book and still managing to be funny.
At least it's a pretty long game, most games can be beating in like 1-2 days. Overwatch over here has created a new infinity mode, so that's pretty ground breaking honestly.
that's a knack 3 type game
No one is mentioning the main issue I have. Why the fuck is there a queue JUST TO ACCESS THE FUCKING MENU TO BEGIN WITH?!
Looks like they didn't expect people to actually play it
I went from 40 people ahead of me to 30,000 people ahead of me....
i can't even play it because my phone is pre paid wtf blizzard
I'm loading in as we speak and have been for 2 days
I downloaded it last night, waited in queue for 8, maybe 10 mins, got in, looked at all the cosmetics in the menus, went "some of these are alright", logged off, and went to bed.   That's it.
Overwatch 2 It's the game that even if you don't participate you're already lose
:(
The best BR since H1Z1. Outstanding & original gameplay that is a breath of fresh air to a market that desperately needs it the most, just wow
bump
Overwatch 2 makes me sad because I know it's completely pointless to get hyped about it because Blizzard is gonna run this game into the ground just like they did it's predecessor. no matter how fun the game is during the first 6 months it wont matter when they destroy the meta for both casual and competitive players with new characters and buffs/nerfs focused entirely on the wrong things
I just remembered earlier today that Overwatch 2 existed and looked up Dunkey for an opinion on how it's going. Mere hours later he posts this. Strangely specific timing, but I'll take it.
Unironically makes you feel like you are playing Overwatch 2.
I that DBD had the worst form of match making.
10/10 Logo I have to say!
"so glad you enjoyed your two minutes of gameplay, but mom says it's my turn 😈"
So sad, i totally forget it was the D day. I miss all of this incredible filling of being part of something more than fantastic. Thanks for sharing it.
As if my excitement for this game could get any lower. Somehow I didn't even consider that not only would the game be a total rip-off even for a free game, that it'd also have terrible connection issues at launch because no matter how many games Blizzard makes from its conception and into the rest of time, I don't think they're ever gonna be able to actually launch a fucking game.
I love them switching the game to a waiting sim. The perfect step forward
They improved Overwatch by preventing us from playing it
Overwatch 2? More like Overwatch Queue.
overwatch was for like 3 weeks 6 years ago. I don't know anyone who's excited for this game
this game makes you FEEL like you're overwatching a loading screen
Time to pretend I’m in asia to play Asian servera
i love when the queue goes down to 30 and then it kicks me out of my account.
Truly one of the best games I've seen so far in 2022
Why do you need to queue are we all playing this on Paul's computer and his mom doesn't let us use splitscreen because that's bad for the eyes what
it siad I was behind 3000 people but then I got connected immediately
Live reaction from drunk me:  "oh, this is a brilliant 3-minute reaction to the queuing screen isn't it--- YUUUUUUP IT IS"  luv u
That map looked like it was ripped off from Warframe.  Which is a great game, it's really grindy, tho.
I launched it and was stuck in the loading screen for 5 minutes. Y’all must have some jank internet.
Welcome to the loading screen game
Lets goooo!!
I've seen a LOT of simulators, but a loading simulator? Now that what i call Original Idea!
Have to say Overwatch 2 did actually cause the internet to reunite for a common moment, The wait we spend just to play a game. Would be marked in history as the internet gaming queue for years to come.
I want Winston back
The fact i got an ad for overwatch 2 before this video lol
this is obviously edited there is no way it's just 40000
Can't wait to play a game that was made by a bunch of r-a-p-i-s-t-s
I had a great time with this game, the one time I got to play it.
Overwatch 2 really makes you feel.
Ground breaking
I am so damn happy I don't play overwatch.
They still kept that stupid role queue bs...
Dang, this comment section really makes me _feel_ like a youtube. And I bet if I looked real hard I could even find a second joke
I love the DLC they added called "DDos" or something. It really adds to the replayability for the player base of this battle royale! I beat 40,000 players, then when I'm the last one it automatically puts me into another match of 40,000! Truly innovated the industry with this game.
i gotta say overwatch 2 really makes you feel like you’re playing a sequel
It has a little something for everyone.
2:59 - "Lost connection" is one of two possible endings for this game. (Spoiler Alert) The other one is where the game client crashes and closes.
First ten seconds in, I feel like this video will simply be the queue screen. 😂
When you are more hyped for dunks video than a new game. Something is wrong.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I love playing and getting kicked off and having to requeue, really makes me feel like doggy doodoo
This video really makes you feel like you're playing Overwatch 2
Overwatch 2: The only game that can make you wait for 26 hours to play half a match 😎
Overwatch 2: The only game that can make you wait for 26 hours to play half a match 😎
"Overwatch 2 is the first queue type game" - Hideo Kojima
imagine waiting to play the same game from 2016
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
this game is awesome beacause its free
Oh my god, how embarrassing…
it really makes you feel like wanting to enter 2b2t
You havnt done NUTHING!
Im glad that you are having a blast on Overwatch 1.1 !!!
Idgi why so many ppl are piling up to play this trash
I appreciate the subtle nod to the fact that many players experienced connection issues at the launch of the game overwatch2
can’t wait for overwatch 3 *Literally*
Winston died so overwatch 1.5 could live
I waited in line for 30 minutes.     I got in.     I got booted 15 seconds later. Then I played Grounded.
I like having a game like Overwatch 2 in the background that way i'll only have to wait 2 more hours right after i'm done reaching challenger in LoL, that's how i play Overwatch 2.
Clean loading animation👌
😂😂😂
This has blown my expectations out of the water, as it seems that Blizzard remembered to put the game in after devoting all of their time to microtransactions and a dead esport. Truly magnificent. I will not be buying this free game.
185k views on 25 mins! Nice
At first I thought it was a fad, but these strand type games really are the new Dark Souls of video games.
as im sitting here doing the same thing.  what a rush
We all knew this would happen, over 20 years Blizzard has had server issues on day 1 releases. We knew this was going to be a shitty rehashing of OW1 with bad micro-transactions. YET, you idiot gamers keep playing their games and act surprised. You have no right to complain anymore if you're trying to play this game.
It's funny that there's soooooo many people who say that Overwatch was a dead game, and there's sooooo many people that thought overwatch 2 was just a big joke, and soooooo many people all saying how uninterested in it they were... If that was the case then why is there soooooo many people in queue? Is it just an internet thing to do everything ironically? Or can we start saying that we enjoy things again?
If only Blizzard could live up to the high standards set by Knack 2
Instead of waiting 4 hours in a Q to find a game Now you wait 4 hours to be able to get into the Q to find a game.
My favorite new feature of OW2 is how my Phone Provider gives me an unfair advantage by preventing me from getting on the battle bus.
This is just Fortnite New Season Downtime Simulator. Overwatch copied from Fortnite.
Experience for the player = Pain!
Thenks dunkerwatch 2
I had to double take to see if the gameplay you put in was Overwatch 1 but after seeing your health bar I realized that it was in fact Overwatch 2
This game deserves no more than what you generously gave it with this video.
The most realistic queue simulator
Insane, this game might be on PAR with Knack 2 and maybe even Super Mario Brothers 2.
In the second iteration of the "strand" type game, I really felt like removing the clunky and complicated movement that weighed down Death Stranding helped blizzard a lot.
two
Incredible game from Blizzard. It really makes you *feel* like playing Scream Fortress 2.
It looks like Blizzard has been watching their competition closely, as this new iteration of their competitive online platform steals heavily from Rockstar Games and their record-breaking platform:  GTAV:O,  but adds substantial improvements to the game, such as: queue position,  sound effects, and a CANCEL button.  All features which are not on offer to veterans of GTAV:Online gameplay,  it will be interesting to see how many diehard fans of the former make the switch
I like the new waiting game mode is entertaining seeing the numbers go up and down and then the special red error Easter egg
They really put the "watch" in "Overwatch" with Overwatch 2. It's really incredible. Too bad I was "over" this game three years ago lol
the tf2 killer right here
Can’t believe Overwatch 2 did a collab with Sonic 06 for the first battle pass season. Truly the greatest crossover in gaming history
The best part is its true
All you have to do is switch region
I remember the days when you used  tape casettes to load games into an Atari console ...Bravo Blizzard for bringing back that old school days.  Xp
Cool stuff didnt even know the game was dropping
I just played one game and it feels like the same game but even worse. Maybe one game isn’t enough to give an accurate opinion but it just feels old now. Haven’t played over watch in a long time but I probably won’t be playing overwatch 2 again
I was laughing so hard I had to pause it by half a min in.
When the good is a talk about the Logo, you know the devs messed up lmao
Come on, they are being DDoSed. That’s not their fault really
I thought it was strange that they decided to re-rename McCree as R@pist the Cowboy
People don't realise that it's called overwatch 2 because they actually made 2 servers for the entire game
exactly my experience ^^
If there’s one good thing I can say about this game it’s that it doesn’t work
First time i started ow2 i joined instantly and then i closed it to go eat lunch, thought it would open instantly again but now im in the queue :(
Didn't know the new Overwatch is a Battle Royale. Come on Nintendo. You're better than this.
Well its probably just a 2 player game which is why everyone cant play right now
Preview? More like... Pi'review!  Ha ha, did you get it? Yeah I know math, no need to praise me.
My favourite part was when Overwatch said "It's watchin' time" and made everyone watch the loading screen. Truly a game of all time. Bravo Blizzard.
at this point blizzard is handing you content on a golden platter
This game really makes you feel like bobby kotick
10/10.
I love how playing Overwatch 2 provides so much time for doing other things, like playing other games, reading Anna Karenina or War & Peace, fixing dinner, and getting a full nights sleep.
I feel very sad that I predicted both network disconnections. Damn it, Blizzard, seriously???
I wonder if the people who paid for overwatch 1 got refunded since that game was expensive and its stupid how they cut support for it and didnt allow for an offline mode
A very Strand-like experience
Overwatch 2 is the best game ever I hope they get game of the year
Yeah I was literally on the que screen for 10 (ten) hours yesterday
As soon as I saw this video on my feed I knew what was going down
Spaghetti and meatballs
overwatch 2 more like overwatch queue
What is happening to gaming
Now that's some classic Blizzard bullshit.
There was an ad for overwatch 2 after the video and for some reason they were showing character walking around and even SHOOTING at other characters? Did they put the wrong gameplay in or something?
Queue Simulator 2
Who is the shithead who ddosd ow2…
Thanks for welcoming me to Overwatch 2
I’ve been waiting for this >:)
was that a synthetik sound effect at 1:14 ?? deep cut
that was the sickest overwatch clip ever
Overwartch 2,  More like Watching the Queue screen over and over.
This is a worst love story then twilight ☹️
I laughed my ass off at the end because the ad that immediately followed was for overwatch 2
I don't know if i can side with Dunkey on this one. In fact I really gotta disagree, the logo just doesn't do it for me. Sorry.
I love watching Nubers going down
The game of all time
Overwatch 2 has a little something for everyone
“This is like playing Overwatch 1 at Internet Explorer’s house” - Gex
Honestly the game is, fine.... Like my biggest criticism is that this game has less updates and changes than a fucking league of legends preseason patch. But if this game gets constant fun new modes this game could be p great. But honestly it should drop trying to be competitive. The game honestly sucks as a comp game since it has little to 0 player expression, so the game is more so about team comps than it is about player skill. So just pump this game full of shit like Fortnite and we chilling.
dunkey don't miss
"Oh, there is shooting. This is just Overwatch 1..." Rofl!
Overwatch 2, the best queueing simulator of all time.
Qverwatch
I just see new dunke video, I clike I like
loading screen simulator
Welcome to launch day of your favorite MMO :P
Mi experience: 30k the 20k then 30k then 20k then 50k then 20k then im in
30,000 players ahead of you lmao.
I tried playing OW2 but the login level is too difficult for me. Congrats to all other players that won over me there. After hours of training I reached "Sorry, we are unable to log you in", but there are no guides how to beat that part.
I love how they put an arbitrary high number, like, they're not even trying to hide it's Bs, you have EXACTLY 50k people ahead of you, WOOPS! looks like exactly 20k people got out of the game at the same time so now you have 30k people ahead of you
Streamers are some of the only people able to get into this game. Is onlywatch 2.0
Imagine sitting on a loading screen all day that says Overwatch 2 and then finally getting to play Overwatch 1.
I knew Overwatch 2 was going to be a Strand-Type Game.  From the looks of this gameplay I think Alan Wake did a good job on the story
Dunkey is being too generous. Even the logo looks like trash. The aesthetics is not on par with the first one on some many levels. Shame.
When I get in after about 1.5 hour its kinda fun not gonna lie
I was on all day yesterday. Had a total of 1 hour and 30 mins of actual playtime.
Always Online Loading Screen Simulator 2022
I knew as soon as the launch was a fiesta Dunkey would make a video about it lmao
Donkey. I am disappointed. How could you give this game such good review when it is clearly bad. Go back to knack 2 if you are gonna get paid big dollars to do this fake video. You actually got into a match? How much is blizzard paying you to lie?
This was a healing experience for me thank you
hu
No Winston? );
Jeff is not pleased.
Yanno, I love Oberwatch. But I think Dunkey likes it even more than me I gotta say. I mean the way he just sits there with such patience and dignity and grace, I mean I couldn't even stand to wait to get down to 20k players remaining. Such diligence can only be found by the creator of Bigmode hisself.
thats why i play play donkey kong 2 instead
really disappointing to see blizzard jump on the battle royale trend for overwatch 2
No bumbler, no interest.
More like Overwaiting
too real
queue simulator
Blizzard has invented an amazing new genre of video games called the "Loading-Type Game".  It's very Strand-like in that sense.
This is why everyone should play Gundam Evolution instead
I cant get past the phone number screen bc I dont have a contract for my cellular plan
Overwatch 2?? More like Overwatch -2
Little piece of advice, if you go on asian servers you get in pretty much instantly.
It’s got a little something for 30,000 people
I’ve watched this video 5 times so far and I’m still not in a match
I got in at 1 AM PDT (I work nights and was off) and didn't have problems, played most of the night. Unfortunately, once it got day time, I got kicked off MID MATCH and slapped back into queue lmao.  Game is literally 99% the same but the 5 vs 5 was a far better choice and the new heroes are pretty cool. Nothing really here if you hated the original... and the new battlepass is fucked up as shit. Don't expect to get any legendary or mythic skins without paying 20+ bucks a pop  or grinding for a year for one lol.
The true beauty of Overwatch 2 is letting players into the game one by one then after a while booting them from the servers so that other people get the chance to get into the server. Truly a next gen experience.
this is slay
Seeing that overwatch got a second adaptation maybe there's hope for Bookworm adventure 2 Tokyo drift edition
Dunkey the last time you made overwatch video I was still in highschool now I’m out the army have a family and am in debt how you been bro 😂😂😂
i think when you boot up the game the queue you get in is the queue to get in the queue to get in the queue to get in the queue to get in overwatch 2
I had a bunch of fun losing connection at all 6 matches I played yesterday ;)
Is Overwatch 2 the first queue-type game?
Dunkey, I saved you some time by not being in line, good luck and enjoy
Another amazing video, truly brought us that Overwatch feel, that's why his videos have 0 dislikes.
Gundam Evolution is Overwatch 2
Tf2chads... we won.
Exciting gameplay as always!
hi dunkey why I cany buy stuff from your store and deliver to brazil?
Video is missing waiting for the game to download part. It's crucial and completes OW2 experience. 2/10
The company is called blizzard cause their queues always be freezin, and also Bobby Kottick is an ice lich
Is this why England loves Overwatch2
I was disappointed to see actual gameplay in the video.
This video has the same energy as Richard Watterson playing with a calculator
overstretch
Idk how it's possible to be kicked back into queue DURING A MATCH but here you go blizzard. I hate that they make me appreciate RIOT
this is some 4D come-d right here
Overwatch 2: the game no one asked for
Yet Blizzdrones will still defend this.
Thanks Overwatch 2, now I can experience the process of giving birth more than once a day, truly a masterpiece.
The end shouldve been like "more waiting" or something like that
Everyone joining queue simulator 2022 I’m on 6000 people ahead of you and I’m loving every moment of it!
imagine just imagine if they add a chat to the queue :D there could be 40000 gamers typing .. that's a world record
Why do I need a phone number to play a free to play game? This game is gonna fail so hard if they don't remove that stupid ass feature
Hey guys I’m here with a YouTube comment slam the like button below
This is exactly what we needed 🤣
Now that is gameplay baybeeee!
I like how docile the game is compare to the original  Edit:
Damn that gameplay looks great  Unfortunately Blizzard won't lemme in cuz of my phone service provider  🤡🤡🤡
bruh they got DDoS
Very strand type Gameplay
legends say dunkey is still in the queue at this very moment
Peace, man
LOL I'm not even allowed to play cause I'm part of a family phone plan which has a different zip code than where I live. Game denies my number when I register.  Looks like I ain't missing much!
Best video this year
Finally, the new Nerd Crew episode I've been waiting for!
guilty gear xrd is getting rollback baby!
WHAT IS HAPPENING
Pretty cool. I wish I could play waiting simulator battle royale but they made it so I  am NOT ALLOWED to play due to the fact that I use Cricket Wireless as my carrier. So I am 100% locked out of the game unless I switch to some bullshit like Verizon or AT&T.
My favorite part of the video is when Dunkey had to go back to the loading screen, after logging into play the game.
You dared to make the Overwatch 1.1 joke again and A.A Ron decided to kick you out personally himself
Every comment on this video is making the same joke
blizzard is a joke
So instead, I'm trying that fortwatch overnight.
THEY REALLY DID IT! They made the first strand-type queuing system.
Finally a video to rival Gex.
Honestly, Overwatch players deserve this kind of hell.
Sonic 06 loading screens: Finally an opponent! Our Battle will be legendary!
It does make me wonder why anyone wants to play overwatch 1.2, if overwatch is already past 1.2 on their game? Overwatch 2 isnt anything new, heck wheres the pve?
it is literally a strand type game
Beautiful perfect
Jesus 😐
this game is actually the first strand-loading screen type of game
Yeah, new game, sure
Of course the queue is that long, it's only 5v5 so only 55 people can play at once
Getting an Overwatch 2 add before this really adds to the video
Dunkey described how all of us felt yesterday on launch.
I can't tell if this is fake or not.
There’s more people watching this video then waiting in the ridiculous queue times just to get in the game
When an online game prioritizes making sure its microtransactions and battle pass over actual server stability when a game comes out. You know its doomed
More like "Under Don't Look" at this game cuz it ain't worth your time
So I was eventually able to access the game by using the Asia servers practically instantly. North America servers are getting hit hard, looks like a lot of folks want to play which is really nice to see.
I'm having the flash back about the loading screen from every game that put you in the loading screen  😭
My favorite part is waiting for queue to get into the game servers then wait for another queue for that game server.
damn ~ imma play it then for the logo
This is exactly how Overwatch 1 was when it started in 2016 lol
this is the first strand type loading screen
People legitimately thought Overwatch was gonna kill TF2 back in the day lmfao. Anyone who thinks OW2 is gonna be good is beyond delusional given Blizzard-Activision's recent track record.
4 years for this
waiting in the lobby adds to a more "strand-like" experience
dunkey is so fucking funny breh😂😂
Its okay,They're a small indie company.
I couldn’t beat the loading screen. The game is too hard. Servers were unbeatable!!! 10/10 experience
At this point it’s gotta be intentional on blizzards part.  Like, this level of bad for a launch, after so many big launches over the years
bro its out of their control
Anthems launcher wasnt nearly as good.
Dunkey fucking salivating, his finger aching as he prepares to edit his video on the Mario movie trailer
Been enjoying skial 24/7 harvest lately.  Working on my rollouts with soildier.  I can rocket jump to the control point consistently but im still working on skipping from the roof to the enemy spawn.   Wait overwatch 2 is out? ...who cares?
I waited 3 hrs with it saying 0 players ahead of my only to wait another 2 hrs to get logged out then reappear the process
The good thing is, it only gets worse from there.
I thought Dunkey was just going to re-upload his first overwatch video and title it Overwatch 2
Disturbingly accurate
Honestly forgot this game even came out.
Average overwatch 2 experience
maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan
Hold on there's a game??
I was looking forward to this video soooooooooooooo much man thank you dunkey
Join us over at Gundam Evolution
Overwatch 2 really is a game
The mic was on. Any critical opinion gets you booted to the back of the line.
Blizzard more like apple 🍏 am i right folks?
Lol at people playing video games in 2022.
lmaoooooooo
Less Winston
It’s called Overwatch 2 cause that’s how many servers they dedicated for this game
Britain Simulator 2022
Wait till overwatch 3 drops and it's just loading screens
Not gonna lie Owerwatch 2 looks pretty good
This is basically the game lol loading simulation
My favorite part is when The Blizzard Man took off his hat and sprayed queue juice all over my face and said "ITS QUEUIN TIME BABY"
I just wanna say that the choice of music and the word that replaces ''Dunkey'' at the end of your videos is an artform by itself. It somehow always ends up fitting the tone of the video like a glove. Shows our guy's a pro.
I loved the part where he said “It’s Dunkin’ time”
I haven’t seen loading times this long since karaoke night at Jack Nicholson’s place
We all knew this video was coming. And we knew Overwatch 2 didn't stand a chance against our father dunk
I don't even know why so many people are playing this gam- oh yeah, it's free now
It’s sad that *Splatoon* had more stable servers on launch than this game, when disconnecting from a match is literally the biggest meme about the game.
God anyone who goes back to overwatch is the same person who keeps playing wow, or league or plays feffa
Yes
I think they messed up the release. I think this actually Britain’s Queue Simulator 3. I heard the new Queen Elizabeth DLC just dropped too
It’s hard to believe 40,000 people are playing this game
Yo, the waiting screen looks like a fun game! 10/10 would play again!
At this rate, Blizzard is unironically going to become a small indie company, making cheap phone games within 2 years time.
Overwatch 2? More like Underplayed bc the servers are down 🤪
It’s really nice to see Dunkey promote small indie games like these. I’m sure this game will continue to grow in popularity as more people start to recognize it’s beauty and gameplay elements, never before seen in any other shooter.
Overwatch, a game with a fantastic roster of 35 heroes, and people only play Junker Queen.
People, please stop be so cruel to small indie company!
Deadge
30 000 players ahead of you? Jesus christ.. That queue is insane like the royal funeral or something...
What an amazing queue simulator
Dunkey so good at this game
first
Dunkey, you should talk about how overwatch 2 only lets people with post paid phone numbers play. Blizzard is effectively saying “you’re poor, so you can’t play our game” since anyone with a more affordable pre-paid plan can’t play. They are alienating millions of people based on their socioeconomic status and no one with a big platform has talked about it yet because it doesn’t affect them.
I never thought blizzard could make a strand type game
I was so ready to play but found out I couldn't play day one because I'm too poor thanks darksouls bungie I'll definitely change my phone plan after buying your game
Who else queued up while watching this waiting 😭
You need to try the new hero "CANCEL", just tap the orange button
So just the same game but with more SJW characters and you can't actually play the game
I was playing this masterpiece and I only had 300 players ahead of me then all of a sudden 2000 players were ahead of me..... I guess its a skill issue
I seriously love overwatch but overwatch two is literally one of, if not the biggest dissapointment in gaming in recent memory.
I’ve still yet to play the damn game. Literally impossible in console. Thank you blizzard
THEY CHANGED THE ICONS OMG LESSSSS GOOOOOO OW 2 BABYYYYY :DDDDDDDDDDDD
Proof that overwatch "2" is just a dumb update: you're still just waiting at a queue screen for an hour for nothing to ultimately happen by the end of it.
Who needs 16 times the detail when you can have *2* details.
Activision-Blizzard did it again with new industry shapping standards. They made Overwatch 1.1 regress to Open Beta Overwatch 0.9
0/10 game. Too much WATCH, and now I am OVER it.
I realized at around 1:28 that the entire video is going to be just the waiting screen and a laughed so hard. Dunkey is a gem.
Even when you do get in, I’m not sure you’ll like it. Everything does more damage and there’s no shields. So it keeps the 14-year-old with a five second attention span happy
I did feel like I overwatched a loading screen more than I did in the 1st one...
Overpatch2 is the newest addition to the series, really makes you feel like a mindless consumer without brain cells
Reminds me of my favorite feature from Splathreen: The "A connection error has occurred" feature.
Undoubtedly one of the best reviews on youtube.
I'm having a good time with overwatch 2. It's fun but way more fast paced it seems. The launch day was hectic and broken but thats more of a symptom of capitalism trying to save every dime it can more than than the developers making a bad update.. Devs don't decide how many servers get put up. Some souless corporate suit wearing executive does that.
If you seriously play this game you're part of the problem.
I feel like Dunkey should have been nicer in this video, idk who made Overwatch 2 but I'm sure they're a small indie company who's never made a multiplayer game of this size before so it wasn't a bad first try!
dunkey thanks for this
I still can't believe this is the first game at launch where it literally says there's 0 players ahead of you without doing anything
lmaooooo
Running the game's entire backbone on a single PC equipped with an intel duo e7500 and a Voodoo3 video card was a very bold artistic decision by Blizzard but I am glad it worked out in the end.
"Oh this is just overwatch 1"....yep how I feel
lol knew this was coming
this reminds me of good old league of legends days
I thought for sure we were going to see nothing but the loading queue screen XD
Pro tip: For a dopamine hit, play Team Fortress 2
I remember when the remastered Diablo 2 dropped, I had to wait a week to even play it because the servers weren't prepared for the traffic of more than 10 people playing.
Almost pissed myself bro 😂😂😂😂
Yooooo.  wasn't this game supposed to have PVE and talents?  Update May 2023: Nevermind
This is England's number 1 favorite game.
Step aside elden Ring, we got a new Game of the year now
Nice lazy and obvious joke. I thought I accidentally clicked a moistcritikal video.
Good ol Blizz selling queue simulater on all there games. Can't wait till Diablo come out to wait in 5 hour queue.
Hilarious but you should do another review when the games is actually playable
Overwatch 2 more like overwatch queue
Overwatch 2? More like Overwatch Queue 😎
New strand type game dunkey your American brain can't handle it
post paid phone number 📞📟
My favorite part of OW2 is being in the middle of the game, then all of a sudden you are waiting in line again. 10/10 game of the year
The “FPS” part of OW2 comes out Q3 2023, with the “Azure Cloud” DLC.
110k views in 15 minutes. Damn.
It gets even better when you find out you need a cell phone plan to play this game... I guess they asked about if we all have phones wasn't for the new Diablo but for the new overwatch. Boy I miss overwatch one you know because you could play it.
Hi
Obviously you're just nitpicking and biased because that logo is a mastapeece
damn that game was fun.
omg dunderwach
Mfw waited just to be met with a login screen (no idea wtf my "battlenet" login is) and after figuring that out it demanded I give them my personal information. I have never deleted a game so quickly. ✌️
This is the best sequel to Gexst is the Bexst
last night it took me 5 hours to get in a game, just to play one game of two rounds sec game i got in too i got disconnected and kicked back to a 40.000 queue gave up after that
I really liked voderwatch 3.
Dunkey coming in hot with the hottest gameplay on the block!
You overwatched the first queue then you got admitted in the second queue. That second queue is where the real game is at. Very well played.
Who new waiting in queue would be so exciting.
Anyone that have money to blizzard for this deserves it honestly
I looked at this and thought hey I can't wait to see what he's saying about the game.. I should've known
Its so different than the first, 100% new game
dont you know billkeyz ? from back in the day 10 years ?
Blizzard is on a roll when it comes to producing garbage products!
Overwatch 2 more like overwatch poo haha
People just don't realise that Blizzard is actually paying homage to the recently deceased queen Elizabeth by making a massive fucking queue to get in and see it. An truly inspiring move.
If overwatch was so great why don't they make overwatch tw-, oh, they really did.
Wow, the menus in-game look like indie first time game maker garbage. The plain white squares, with simple images on them, look like they came from the unity store and belong on a "budget" game on Steam.
this video is a good dokumentary of overwatch 2, i liked the part with the loading screen it was overwhelming
another classic dunkey W
i got an overwatch 2 ad before watching this
It's a lot slower paced game :)))
You can get a lot of productive things done while you que.
The game launch wasn’t bad besides the dcing and queue
"Hey everybody, my name is Blizzard Entertainment, and I'm about to blow your mind... Behold! The next generation of mankind!"
the post paid number thing is insane
This is exactly what I was thinking he would release as soon as I saw the wait times
Imagine telling people a few years ago that nobody would care about Overwatch 2
Knew this was coming
I was top 10,000 then somebody killed me now I am starting again from 60,000
I will never forget the moment Dunkey killed 70 thousand people to play Overwatch 2. You just don't get that kind of dedication from other youtubers.
Love you donkey and I look forward to playing every single game with the biggo mode sticker on it
In all fairness, they did get DDOS'd on launch.
I had a feeling the queue to get in would be huge…and I was right
The saddest part of this video is dunkey now owns overwatch 2
This game took loading screen to  awhole other level.
there's a little something for everyone
Very in depth video. Dunkey outdid himself with this one.
And they ask for your phone number for this...
Loading simulator.
No big deal, I'll just go play OW1 until this whole situation is fixe- oh wait 😞
I got an ow2 ad opening this video
I got in immediately on pc. Not one problem😂
Welp, I hope Dunkey wouldn't destroy the game on Day One Edit: Never Mind
the logo is dogshit and invalidates the entire game, not sure why you even looked beyond that. single handedly eviscerates your whole credible unmemberjoined
yea i knew this was coming
BIGMODDDDDDDDDE
We live in a day and age when Fortnite is a better game, in all aspects, than overwatch 2
I love how all of you stupid dumb idiots trustedf Blizzard lol.  you are all so stupid. You think gaming is alive for fun lol you dumb son of a bitches, they got your cash lol. idiots.
Thank-you Mister Dunkey I am sufficiently entertained!
I wonder how hard it is to update your game and launch it as a new game
My account is just gone 100’s of hours just gone stolen but the worst crooks in the industry
Instant classic Dunki video
Microtransactionwatch
By the time the que is finished you forget why your even there
Blizzard just can't help but top themselves, let's keep giving them money
yall should just play Gundam Evolution
Loved overwatch back it the day but ever since Valorant came out I can’t see this game surviving modern competition
my favorite part is definitely entering my login information and getting sent back to the start of the queue at least twice
I love you
How will Bigmode recover from this launch?
Overwatch 2 is just loading screen the game
I watched the whole video while waiting to load into the same game
Dunkey
I love this new Lost Ark gameplay
Truly the most overwatch of the year
I have a bad cellphone provider... I can't play 😕
25 billion dollar company everyone.
The first queue-type game in the world.
Well at least u got into the game, havent been able to get to the menu even 24 hours after launch
Based Dunkey af
Gundam Evolution is the better game anyway
It has a little something for everyone
Fucking Britain Simulator game
Paladins better
*Overwatch 2? More like no guy play*
Multi-million dollar company can't afford large enough servers for their new game. Lmao
😢
Finally, a game where I can be good at without spending hours on practicing something
This is a bad game in a nutshell
I like the part when he talked about the 2 in the orange square. Truly innovative
I don't understand the hate for Overwatch Q. Never in my 100,000 hours of gaming have I seen a game which really makes you feel like you're in a queue! What's more is there's hundreds of hours of exhilarating replayability - Dunkey is clearly misleading his audience showing only 3mins of the gameplay. Disappointing!
I found a glitch that allows you to stay alive forever in those matches, It's called "Unexpected server error" kinda cool, i think i might become a pro
This is really just Overwatch but with three new characters and longer load times.
Dude no they got Winston.
Sadlyassfk
Just play fuckin paladins this game has been dead for 4 years
What is this, Nintendo online?!
predictable video lol but how can you make a fully thought out video when this is truly our experience day 1
Another video with no dislikes. Truly a Mastahpiece.
I was so disappointed to learn you can no longer play as Winston in this new Overwatch game. One of life's biggest tragedies.
Truly a game way ahead of its time
new Dunkey video is almost as good as gettin a response email from Big Mode saying they approve of me as one of their composers...please see me Dunkey 😭😂 if anything isn't up to par uh just know my little brother sent those emails and uh I was usin a USB steering wheel actually also I was wearing a blindfold the entire time
Loading sim
So sad, Overwatch was the last good Blizzard game
The fact that you are fighting against 40000 other real players is a technical achievement unseen by anyone else in this industry! 10/10 would wait for 8 hours again 👍
Oh the update that should have come out years ago... Grrrrreeeeeaaaatttt
I can’t believe I was in the first 40,000 to see this
overwatch 2 makes you feel like a live wallpaper.
This game is truly one of the games ever
Wait, Overwatch 2 came out?   Whatever.
should have just joined asian servers smh, I was in the game almost instantly
Fuck this game bruh. They better give me my shit back
Are the queue times really that bad? My god Bliz is taking so many Ls
This game is suck a rip off of bookworm adventures you should play bookworm adventures instead of this rip off of bookworm adventures
One of the first loading screen type games
At least today, once you get to the front of the queue, you aren’t kicked to the back again (at least not every time)
The queue was the best part I'm still 900 behind everyone
Nintendo wishes their online was this good
This truely is one of the games of all time
This is the first strand type comment
This is an April fools joke: by the time you get into a match it will already be April Fools day
Playing Overwatch must be on the same level of disappointment as playing Deadly Premonition 2, where you can only think of how good the original was
By the end of this video, I moved exactly 0 spots in queue. I was entertained though, so there's that.
Master piece, the game cut all the fat and you're now left with what is important.. The brand, and the fans. I love this community.
low hanging froooty toooty
They straight up deleted Overwatch 1 and then revealed Overwatch 2 doesn’t exist; very bold move by Blizzard
"This is like queuing in Overwatch 2" - Gex
It's quite sad, I have an easier time connecting to the EU servers from the US than connecting to the US servers.
Funniest part is that this game probably listened to all of this. $50 dollars for spyware everybody
This game gets 8 out of 10 -2 points because it did not confirm nack 3 IGN it has a little bit of something forever.
I actually dont know what people are talking about with overwatch 2. It said there were 5k and it went away in about a minute. Played a couple games before work. Balance was a little messed up but Junker Queen is fun and new game modes were alright? OW2 models of old heros looks terrible imo
They're totally ripping off of new worlds opening week
0 to 40000 players.... huge rez
A rectangle?
This video was uploaded before the queue issue resolved oh nahh
dunkey dont worry it will be fixed soon
I like Science
A little something for everyone! 7/10
If you set your server to Asia you get in instantly
i feel like you've highlighted exactly what this game brings straight out of the box! great review.
what a throw, should have pick winston
I approve of the logo
So nice that beegmode(bigmode) is supporting small games 🥰
In fairness, who could've guessed this many people would want to play this small developer's follow-up to an unknown game?
The best 'Free To Queue' game on the market
Kind of like darksouls in a way
There is a little something for everyone - 8/10
Overwatch 2 giving GTA Online a run for it's money with these loading times
dunkey missed the patch they made where it so it doesnt recognize your account and boots you no matter your queue position, might need a sequel to this
Looks fun to me !!!!
I don't care much for the mini-game in between the 30,000 player battle royal matches
Definitely one of the games of all time. Well done, BlizzardWatch.
The Blizzard experience
blizzard cant make a game to save their life
Well.. this was actually pretty funny. 😆 unfortunately ddos attacks were happening but at least we got good vid out of it
It took 'em seven years to make this game (free)
Very exciting gameplay
Llololol
Welcome to overclocked: patience edition!
new strand type game
Whats faster, getting to play gex or finding a match in overwatch 2
Rain world downpour is gonna be sick try rain world dunkey
this game reminds me of anthem: INFINITE LOADING SCREEN SIMULATOR
I was happy to see Dunkey make fun of the gameplay but then saw the queue and Imma go play mario 2 now
How much Battle pass xp do you get for queuing??
This game makes you FEEL like youre not playing a game
overwatch 2 is by far the best shooter on the market rn
Yeah it sucks you can't play but you can you have just to wait a bit igot 20 games in before I got kicked and then had to wait a bit to play again in truth I had fun overwatch 2 is fun , it's very fun, but they should've had the servers ready I know blizzard has problems for lack of a shorter description but this should've been easy
Fuck overwatch
Been waiting for this one for a whole 24 hours!!! 🎉🎉🎉
Wow, I gotta say, there is *literally nothing* bad to say *about this game".* *This is not a* bad *game at all.*
A true Stand like loading screen, thank you OW2!
Overwatch 2 has become my favourite Battle Royale.
“Meet the new boss…Same as the old boss.”
Overwatch more like watch over the queue list
A new era of gameplay
This game really makes you feel like you're watching over the queue.
Could probably finish the entire mcu before getting into the game lol
Overwatch 2 did me a big favor by not letting me play Overwatch
I will never understand the Blizzard cult. Each new release or event surrounding the company is the worst thing ever, and yet you keep coming back.
For decades these now prehistoric, dinosaur developers have been creating video games that are “fun to play”. It seems the people are finally waking up and Blizzard are at the forefront of challenging this outdated philosophy with Overwatch 2, the very first video game that turns everything we thought we knew about gaming on its head, providing an unprecedented experience that is not enjoyable or engaging in any way. I feel truly blessed to be witnessing this historic moment unfold before my very eyes and hope to see many more games tread this uncharted ground in the future. Well done Blizzard, mastapeace 10/10
Been playing. If this were just called a content update I think people would be a lot happier. The games not a shield slog anymore.   But the 2 makes it so embarrassing. And the account transfer not working day one is really sad. It's the only thing they actually needed to nail. What people were excited for the release have had excitement be replaced with confusion and frustration.
wow, the story, acting, presentation was amazing. I loved the part when dunkey said 'its overwatchin time' and overwatched all over the place. bravo dunkey
It's very nice how he covered both the good and bad of this game. Most reviewers don't do that.
Give me back my cosmetics Blizzard I worked hard for them!!!
Truely a loading screen to behold.
Huh. not exactly what I expected. but hey, they put a two on the title... that counts for something, right?
NOW thats a lot of damage!
Loading Screen Simulator
they are getting DDos attacked 😔
The hilarious part is that they turned off Overwatch 1 for this. Just keep playing TF2 instead 😎
Going to sleep wake me up when dunkey makes a bad game review
For this video. There was a 40k queue. Thank dunkey he made it longer.
Spongebob Narrator: "2 hours later..." Dunkey: " Come ahn you piece a shit thing man....."
10/10 Would not recommend
I can't believe they deleted Winston.
Why did they kill OW1 for this 😭😭
Can someone give me a ticket to NYCC?
Its called overwatch because you OverWatch the queue for 2 days
A lot of people wanting to play
finally , a loading screen simulator.
Here before 1 million views
Switch to the asian server, I've been able to play the entire time
It's the first load-type game. Absolute masterpiece
mmmm delicious queue times. ya luv ta see it
Wait a minute this is overwatch 1
How was Metcalfe’s? Did you get any good groceries?
Ok now make a review on apocalypse now redux
No dislaikas
Can't forget that you need a post-paid phone number or else you just can't log in
Game of the Year
I don’t agree with everything Dunkey says but this video is 100% accurate.
This is what they called a strand-type loading screen
I had to wait in a queue just to watch this video but it was worth it
So what I am understanding is that Overwatch 2 has one server.
I knew this was going to happen
This game makes you *feel* like Sisyphus
What is a overwatch 2?
Great video to watch while waiting in the Overwatch 2 queue
Perfection of the queue type genre
Tragic
"This is like playing overwatch 1 at Jeff Kaplan's house" - WInston
Don't worry, they will release another chart showing how each character is relatable and progressive. That won't fix the game, the servers or anything but will keep you distracted for a few minutes.
imagine having a worse loading time than for honor.
It was only a matter of time before Dunkey got involved
The games servers got attacked
Ah yes, replace an innovative pvp game with a queue that runs your CPU up to 95%.
only 7 hours of queuing skipped? GAME o' da year!
Look at the brightside it's free
was the ranking system in Splatoon in overwatch
Another classic Dunkarino with no dislikes. The Maestro does it once again badabing
blizzard is the only gaming company that makes you wait in queues to play their games
Blizzard seems to be going back to their roots and it's about damn time. Looks fantastic!
Loading Screen is now my new favourite character to play in Overwatch 2.
Plain and simple just how I like it
Besides the error screen, my brother on console got in the game and found his account got wiped completely.  Apparently it's a known bug, but he can't play competitive soooooo basically just a loading screen lol
I watched gameplay of this and it just looks like the first game. Am I missing something?
2012 runescape dunkey vibes
Just another day in a Blizzard/Activision game *Cue Seinfeld Ending Jingle*
blizzard is a joke lmao
they did keep the queues in there
Claaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaassic
Bigmode > activision blizzard
"Oh this is just Overwatch 1"  Yes
24 hours later and still they couldn't fix it. Maybe they are busy with planning more special events and stuffs for l - g - b - t - q.
It genuinely warms my cold, black, shriveled heart to see Overwatch 2 launching in such a fucked state. Fuck Blizzard.
Pros: the game is unplayable  Cons: none Result: better then overwatch 1  100/10
That really was an overly long watch.
Blizzard rly took a risk with this reboot by removing all characters and modes and gameplay they even took a more simple aesthetic but i think there going in a good direction
Perfectly summed up the day one experience
Lmao
This is clearly part 1 in a complex multi part series on the anatomy of overwatch 2.
I would be lying if I said I wasn't looking forward to Overwatch 2. I knew there wouldn't be much new stuff but at least there would some. However, the launch really sucks. I can't get in the game because I need a phone number but apparently my phone number doesn't qualify? I'd ask what Blizzard was thinking when they made Overwatch 2 but they obviously weren't
I got to the menu one time and opened the battle pass to look for two minutes before losing connection. High quality gaming.
Better than the first one!
Best game I've ever seen! You can't get better than this!
you'd think that Blizzard being able to run the server infrastructure for overwatch 1 would mean that the servers for overwatch 2 would be functional as well
hey dunkey I need a sperm donor for to mix with horse egg to make video horse mule pls respond ty
crap game!
Hey Dunkey, Big Mode should publish a loading screen like this!
This is the experience of a video game ever made, looking forward for overwatch 1.1.1!
Blizzard: *still hasn't invested in proper server infrastructure* Servers when everyone tries to log in at the same time at launch: MEIN LEBEN! *die* Blizzard: Uh... Uh... It's a DDOS. Give us your money.
1.25 speed makes this video funnier
this really is the first loading screen type game
Over watched the connection screen
N O   W I N S T O N ?
Jason, you gotta use your spin move on the queue bruh
I to am a enjoyer of 70000 players in my queue
Overwatch 2 is a tough game, old school tough.
Hooray. Now a reason to play Overwatch 1
The most accurate Overwatch moment.   "Oh, this is just Overwatch 1." *Yep, it is.*
So excited for this release. Good to see Blizzard releasing a game so we finally get the Overwatch 2 dunkey video release
This game really makes you _feel_ like you’re over watching a screen for too long
I knew this was coming
This game will tank.
I got in once, had fun, then made the crucial mistake of taking a shit and was never allowed back in. Then, I when home to play Paladins because I can play the damn game.
2 in Overwatch stands for twice as many loading screens.
Go ahead, trash on overwatch now, but you'll look real stupid when overwatch farming comes out.
Accurate
i dont think i like this one dunky, i think im gonna have to wait for dunkelbergs castle to release on nintendo 360
Is it just me, or does this game seem pretty similar to Overwatch?
They should use this video as a trailer for this game.
Game of the year
Dunkey left out a very important feature of overwatch... the community "art".
The game is so good you can't even comprehend it
i actually envy the people who like this game
Waiting simulator 2
I haven’t watched a lot of Dunkey’s vids lately, feels like he’s starting to get kinda stale.  I mean, it’s probably just me, not interested in the subject of his vids recently, purely coincidence.  But... I’ve definitely heard Dunkey talk about Overwatch before, and heard him talk about how the series had gotten worse lately, and how un-hyped Overwatch 2 is seeming. Now that it’s out, and considering all the things he’s said leading up to release, I’m left scratching my head as to why he even made the video.  Without watching it, and I haven’t, I’m just leaving this comment, I already know all the things he’s gonna say, and what jokes he’s gonna make. Why even make a video on this? Feels like a waste of time and effort.  I guess I’m just trying to appeal to Jason: you seem to be boxing yourself into a corner, creatively. Don’t give attention to things that don’t warrant it. Especially because that could lead you into falling into a rut of predictability.
What is going on in the game company world games seems to be more broken then sonic 06 how can you release a game that is in worse condition than sonic 06 it's embarrassing
For me it would constantly reset from "2 players ahead of you" to "20000 players ahead of you". No error message, just put me back at the start of the queue.  Truly amazing replayability.
I can't believe Blizzard shut down OW1 to force people to this.  Why do people still give them money?
Only 30,000?
i accidentally was watching on mute and i dare to say it was even funnier than with sound
Man, Dunkey! Almost made me forget that my HEROES ARE ALL LOCKED AGAIN WHAT IS THIS BLIZZARD
I'm surprised Dunky didn't address the phone number requirement (which I think is unnecessary).
dunkey is really good at playing the loading screen
Just go play Overwatch, no queue, and its literally the same thing...
I love how Overwatch 2 added the key feature of losing connection to the game server
When do we get to the game? THIS IS THE GAME🎉
I'd say I couldn't imagine the fury, but sadly, I can.
screen stranding type game, I see
Not going to lie the loading screen was more fun than the game which is basically overwatch 1.3
I got 700th place 😎
The bad: ruining possible team comp by limiting it to 5v5 instead of the objectively superior 6v6. Hell, it should have been increased to 8v8.
overwatch 2 just aint it man, should have kept with regular updates on the first game instead of "remaking" the game
And even if you get in, its the exact same as the first, i'm still confused why they made this
Okay, now this is *epic*
It’s called overwatch 2 because it takes twice as long to find a game
Dunkey
It’s ironic that dunkey ends this video with “More Winston,” as if anyone would every be able to wait in the clue long enough to play Winston ever again!   Thanks blizzard!
Damn, I think you can get into vanilla Titanfall 2 quicker than this
League of legends 2. When?
While in queue for overwatch 2 you can instead play gundam evolution
Queue simulator
Say what you want, Blizzard really knows how to make a great queue simulator.
Man i waited 4hrs & just gave up when i got bumped up twice. Pretty sure priority queue exist & the goddamn number fluctuate randomly.
I love waiting in a queue simulator
This is one of the games of all time.
I can't wait to get this game and wait in the loading screen.
If you play blizzard game after all the bullshit that's happened over the last few years...you get what you deserve
Watching this on my phone while staring at the loading screen
This game really makes you 'feel' like you're getting scammed
It took me 12 hours to get a server. When I got it I immediately disconnected.  I think OW2 will be game of the year
It's overwatchin' time
this is your best video. thank you for literally what I was hoping for when I saw you released this
This game really makes you FEEL like you're playing Overwatch 1
overwatch 2 is actually a social experiment where its a game you think you can play but when you play it you cant actually play it and when you can you already have played it for years.
Overwatch 2 is a very big step up from overwatch 1 since the long queue times make sure that I play less overwatch, and that's great for my health.
DUNK ON EM ...a patch callin overwatch...overwatch 2.. smh
Overwatch 2 came out?
Only Dunkey could have done this review.
You guys complain too much. This is clearly the work of an indie company scraping for change, they can only afford one server.
Dunkey, have you heard about the players unable to play the game due to Blizzard's 2FA method not allowing non post-paid/contract phone numbers?
GTA Online loading screen: Finally, a worthy opponent!
This gameplay is outstanding!
Holding the logo on screen is the new strand type game experience
LUL
Remember that cool feature of Overwatch One where you could enter a game while you wait for your game. They really tried to update that part but it sadly looks like it didn't work out as good.
Being a free to play game now this was bound to happen.
You know a game is good when they have 2 separate ques: one to make you happy and one one to piss you off
I think gta 5 lost its place as loading screen simulator
I think it was a bold move to turn overwatch into a strand type game but I think in the end it will pay off for Jeff and his team
Gonna be honest Overweight 2 really makes you feel like the gaming industry died years ago and the dead horse has been kicked so much there's nothing left of it.
This really rivals Anthem in terms of Loading Screens
Great to see Dunkey is still winning at Overwatches Big Queue Burrito!
This truly is the game that was made to load
I liked the bit when and then he to the end
the whole queue i was thinking what a video dunkey will make
Bold of them to offer you zero options while waiting for a spot on the server No training, no fighting AI, not even a video Very bold
Before this video even starts I know it's gonna be a joke about the queue
my screen buffered while he was talking about wait time and I was like damn its contagious. Overwatch 2 is free tho so yipee!🎉
The dark souls of loading screens
that's a game alright
this is the dunkey equivalent of reviewing a game with the sentence "makes you feel like __"  because everyone has already made the joke
The gameplay is actually so much better tho
Been waiting for this so bad 😂😂😂
boggles my mind that in 2022 that one of the biggest gaming companies in the world still has serious server issues on launch.  I waited in a 30k queue for 2 hours just to be thrown back in queue when my timer hit 0 and now I don't ever care to play.  This is literally just Overwatch 1 with a big patch and a few new heroes, everyone will forget about it in a week and go about their way.
I love the easter egg with Overwatch 1 being included as a secret area of the game. It reminds me of Red Dead Redemption 2 putting the entire map of the first game in its open world.
Overwatching that Loading Screen
Here at 48,888 views.
Did he win? I don't get this game...
The new GTA V game looks nice
All jokes aside, after I got into ow2 last night after midnight, I had some of the most fun I’ve ever had playing overwatch. The hero changes they made and 5v5 really made the game fun again
Don’t worry dinkus, I’m confident that within 2 weeks you won’t have to wait to log in anymore, you’ll have to wait for enough people to log on for you to play
I had the video muted and honestly thought that was how it was meant to be
It's true I was the queue
After all the overwatch 2 queue purgatory, we all saw these jokes coming, and they sure did
Overwatch 2 really makes you FEEL like playing something else
Blizzard over here ripping off from their own Classic WoW
Mr roommate is literally trying to get into the game while I'm watching this
Don’t forget dunkey beat bowsers big bean burrito 🌯
I really like this game, it was really fun when it didn't recognize my phone number and wouldn't let me in! I got to skip the loading part entirely!
I must say this is blizzards best game in years
the game really makes you feel like spiderman!
Yeah I already have a bad opinion of the game, and I haven’t even fucking played it!!!!!!!!
The gameplay is very strand-like
FINALLY, I GONNA PLAY OVERWATCH 2  Blizzard: Overwatch 3 coming next week, see you soon, guys!
What if you wanted to play Overwatch 2  But God said:  @ IN QUEUE: 30000 PLAYERS AHEAD OF YOU
The game is certainly unique, but Sombra needs a nerf.  Her hacking ability can be used to spawn camp too easily.
This is exactly how me and my friends played OVERWATCH 2! LAUNCH DAY GAMEPLAY!!
They decided the first game didn't match its title enough, so this one, you just watch over the screen. It's meta. You probably wouldn't get it.
I miss OW 1 already.
I got logged in at 3 am and played for an hour.   I haven't been able to play since.
I just don't understand how Blizzard keeps shooting itself in their feet. Where are they getting so many feet?
I waited less time for Dunkey to upload this video then it took to join a match in Overwatch 2.
Overwatch 2 was a game that had weapons and a loeading screen
Dunkey having completed neopets Wheel of Monotony is well prepared for the competitive scene in this game.
I love how the “queue” number is crazy exciting! I love when the number gets lower and lower by every 15 minutes!
You know, I’m really glad they got the loading screens _just_ right in this game
How the fuck did this game even get a star
Winston: Overwatch
I'm just glad they finally added a weeb support so the Genji and Hanzo fans can finally be helpful for once.
I dont unterstand the joke. Its the first day of a game launch. Lets look back at New World or WOW Classic. In comparison they did a good job
This game really makes you feel like Overwatch 1
I was excited to learn that Dunkey would be reviewing the logo. That’s what genuinely matters at the end of the day.
Oh yeah the rule 34 update
Thank you for this
Only Dunkey could make me laugh this much at the trauma this screen just caused me for the last 24 hours
This is known as a "Queue Type" game.
I'm not sure what the issue was for everyone else. I got through a queue of 20k in like 2 minutes and then played for a few hours with no issues.
Overwatch 2: It really is a queue simulator of all time
The accuracy is so on point like
i think the reason why the first bit is so funny is because he continues to state actual facts instead of switching up info for jokes. like when he was talking about how many players fortnite has, i was half expected a joke about the number but then he just said the correct number and it was way funnier
Blizzard can't launch games.
Change your region to Asia
Switched my region and was able to play fine.
DDoS stands for Delete Dunkey on Sight. Its Blizzard's new protocol because they're scared he's gonna review this game with his signature 'doodoo.'
This is perfection
Logowatch 2
It wouldn't be a Blizzard game without the launch being practically unplayable! Glad to see Blizzard sticking with their roots!
This overwatch loading screen is full of the exaggerated swagger of the loading screen.  It gives me goosebumps everytime -Gamespot
Overwatch....as in I'm Over Watching your dumb loading screen ahehehehh aheheheheheh hee ha
Insert Game Journalist or Dex joke here
Servers are still down. 10/10
So is this a BIGMODE seal of approval game?
It went from fps to philosophical genre
It’s bizarre how I knew exactly what this video would be like
This is pretty funny. I hope we do get an intellectually honest (dunkview) review of the game when it is in a more stable state.  Feels like 2016 again in my humble opinion. Even then round win/loss screen looking scuffed again. lol
Just play Destiny 2
Still better than Splatoon 3
This could've been edited in a descent into insanity style long video  Not saying it should've been. I'm just kinda bowled over by the launch
I did play the game and it was fun. I only plan on playing casually because I don’t need to baby rage at a game meant to grab as much cash as possible.
It's right there in the title: You WATCH if the loading is OVER.
I can't believe overwatch 1.2 was a battle royal
OVERWATCH 2 BABYYYYYYYYY
Game of the year, can't wait for the new update that adds zero build and goku
this game really makes you feel like you're in queue
I genuinely can’t tell what’s worse. The sad pathetic excuse of the devs who didn’t prepare for this or the pathetic excuse of a human being the ddos attackers are. Either way the games lost a massive amount of players from this
Winton
Almost as good as OW 1.1
Great DLC!
Honestly overwatch really hasn’t changed much.😑🐱
Clearly the game is too advanced for Donsly to understand since he didn't even mention the city building aspect of overly watchful Dos
The first Queue type Strand Type Soulslike battle royal
This is exactly what fans what to see from a logo for Overwatch 2
the game ever
Overwatch 2 “is” a game?
in a loading screen watching this
"This IS the ride!"
Finally, they cut out the worst part of playing Overwatch; playing Overwatch
Overwatch 2 really makes you FEEL like you're playing Overwatch 1
lmaooo
Same here dunkey I was 2 whole hours constantly trying to get in, n the moment u get in u feel the rush n then u get disconnected and ur like damn this is the greatest wait of my life
This comment really makes u FEEL like an unoriginal dunkey commenter.
Not a single dislike again, your streak is Unpresidented
I mean, Jesus fucking Christ
Overwatch 2 seems more like a Small Mode style game
when will you become Overwatch 3's publisher?
Bilzzard just can’t figure out servers. This happens every time.
Overwatch 2 is Overwatch 1, but now you pay for skins in a different way.
A true death stranding genre game
Watching this while sitting in queue and my queue just reset
Best way to win at overwatch is to not play at all
Me last night while in queue: "yeah dunkeys gonna make a video of this." 💀💀💀
Now this is real stand type gameplay
Dunkey, you really gonna regret sayin that once the Winston DLC gets released
Overwatch 2 has already cemented itself as one of those the are them as there the games of the last decade
Oh god this brings back Diablo 3 launch day PTSD
AHHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHHAHAHAHHAHAH
Blizzard is dead, just call them Activision.
Spent three hours loading in on launch day just thinking about how badly dunkey was gonna rip into blizzard
Look you might not be able to play the game, and the game itself might be pretty much the same as the first one, and there might be a shitty battle pass system, but they added three whole new characters to increase the diversity of the cast! Blizzard does it again, 10/10. Now if only someone could make a game as good as Super Mario Brothers 2.
If you disliked this video you dont have a chin
This game really makes you FEEL like regurgitating an overused comment
5  m
I've been welcomed to overwatch 2, can I leave overwatch 2 now?
I honestly think I had more fun playing other games and chatting with friends than actually playing Overwatch 2 for 4 games before being forced by in queue
The transition from 40000 to 20000 was really good....they really stepped up their game..Good Job Blizzard . . . . . . . . . . . Piece of shit
Already a certified classic
Dunkerson I'm so happy you are covering this type of content. cant wait to see you play the game.
Overwatch 2? More like… Yeah I couldn’t think of anything.
Somehow I have a vague sense dunkey will release a game more annoying than this one with his new company just to spite us all and watch us suffer.
Overqueue 2
Lol I was excited to play this, but I got no patience.
Bold move harking back to the original gameplay loop of spending an overly long time watching the loading screen (hence the name of the game, Overwatch). Blizzard really outdid themselves this time.
That Genji play was sick!
How it also feels to play Classic World of Warcraft..
I love how big the player base is, me and 70k others just going on!
Games fucking terrible. The end. Video over
Love the new gameplay. So exciting!
I have nightmares of that opening logo at this point
Great gameplay. Thank you.
Rumors are there were ddos attacks, but idek wht those are so 0/10 no Bootymaker.
It really got good when there was 5000 players Ahead of Dunkey
YO guys believe in Jesus for he loves u so much that he died for u so u can have a relationship with him. Believe in him and ask GOD for forgiveness of your sins.
This game really makes you feel like your playing Overwatch 2
Not a good sign for Bigmode's first game out of the gate.
Amazing gameplay, you can really see how fun it is
Platnum tier shitpost.... Well done...
they can’t even merge account properly the games fucking amazing tho
Still better than Valorant
Remember when dunkey used overwatch 1 as an example of a game where you get into a match quickly in his GTA online video? good times
for those of you who care, you can change your region to asia and basically have no queue
Best game ever
Overwatch 1.1?
The first load type game
I had the same experience and can tell you we all love the new mechanics of overwatch 2.
Overwatch 2 really makes you feel like a disappointment
They really put the “watch” in OverWatch
Seems like we have a new game generation called "Loading Screen" 🙃
Genuine experience
im happy that blizzard decided to dip their toes into the world of gambling games. now you only have a 3% chance of actually loading into the game, and on top of that you have a 6% chance to stay connected the entire match.
Bring back WINSTON!
Seeing Winston after such a long hiatus was such a genius move from Blizzard. 10/10.
It’s such a game changer for a game studio the size of blizzard to release an interactive png months before the actual game is released.
Classic first loading-type game. Truly one of the games ever
I was so hyped for Ow1... This is just pathetic.
DDOS attacks are rough
Same as old ow but now it comes with bugs and characters locked behind paywall!!! And its 5v5 but same ow!! GG
Overwatch 2 did not go big mode
you thought Diablo immortal was bad just wait at this queue for a few more hours
The first load-type game
Woah! The new loading simulator is out already?!?!?!?!?!
Overwatch is kind of like Youtube. See, I'm in the top 10 because only 23,000 people watched this video before me
This is the most game of all time
Videogamebunkey
This game really makes you feel like you're in purgatory.
Dunkey is exactly what logo fans want to see
And here I am trying to get my old skins back waiting for my accounts to merge. Smh. Truly one of the video games.
This is exactly what playing Overwatch 2 feels like
legend has it that winston actually is in the game; he congratulates you for completing a match
I spent most of launch day on the menu screen and when I finally loaded in all my progress and skins were gone. Thank you blizzard I am truly grateful
Classic blizzard, doing a bait and switch. You think the game has shooting, and then they tell you 40000 people.
This is the first "waiting" type game
Overwatch 2 is like Splatoon but for p*** addicts
revisit the last guardian or no overwatch 2 for you
It's kinda sad that a triple a game company like Blizzard can steal the gameplay of indie title The Longing
Overwatch 2 the same game but you lose all your stuff cuz we fuck you we re blizzard
Jesus kicked out immediately
Activision Blizzard made a bold move with Overwatch 2, turning it into what might be the first queue-type game with the average match lasting up to 27 hours.
I don’t think those numbers were edited. Except for 7 hours later, that’s very optimistic.
This is actually one of the first loading type games
Dunkey , your the fing best.
Bobrpatch You Coming on the Microsoft Wee
This is truly THE video game of all time
Nit picky and biased
The first loading type game
the best part was when you finally login and Winston says "It's overwatchin Time" and he overwatches all over the place
Overwatch 2: Overwatch 1 edition
I know the state of mess, yet i knew he'd make a video like this instead of actually criticizing and giving feedback.  That's Videogame TrollDunkey for ya.
This was great lol
I’m glad that overwatch 2 was, in fact a different game. It was a loading screen simulator, unfortunately they can’t let go of the past at Blizzard, so they kept overwatch 1 as a free add on for when you beat the loading screen.
FIRST COMMENT!!!! MY LIFE IS BETTER THAN YOURS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No meme can capture what a joke this game is.
not false
When you win by losing
This is one of the videos ever 😭
The new overwatch 2 is so sick! I love the new features like an infinite loading screen!
I really like the new approach blizzard made to the loading screen. It really makes you feel like you’re waiting
Blizzard deserves it
The loading screen this game has makes it the first strand type game to have a loading screen longer than GTA V
that 7 hours is no exaggeration
The game is fun don't play competitive that's the worst mode in ow. Mystery heroes and qp is where its at
Winston: How Embarrassing...
Every now and then, the jokes really do write themselves
Why did you repost your old Overwatch video?
Everytime you get to 0 it enters new game plus where it’s harder and more people are ahead of you
I had my reservations about OW2 but after seeing this amazing footage, I’m a changed man. This will surely be Game of the Year
The wait is over… wait we still have to wait?
reinvented the sequel
No man can queue as hard as Dunkey... They should've known...
i was looking forward to dunkey's video. i really wanted to see what he would say about the "goods" of the game
launch. into dead playerbase
I give this "sequel" two months.
Is that a new strand tipe game?
"Oh! Oh! *Enthusiastic clap* Oh! Ten thousand- OH. OH MY GOD." So funny.
I LOVE GRINDING 8 MONTHS FOR 1 SKIN THANK YOU JEFF
So relevant
Assassins creed is a good franchise
Great gameplay thanks andd hello dunky
I was looking more forward to the orange rrectangle with the white 2 on top than Overwatch 2
Bigmode
It has a 40,000 little somethings for everyone
Gotta give credit to blizzard for creating the first strand type loading screen
this game definitely makes you feel like a DLC expansion made into a whole new game
What a fantastic load screen simulator. I give it an Overwatch 2/10
This game is truly visceral.
It has a little something for everyone
So cool to see a multiplayer version of sonic ‘06, definitely the direction I see the franchise heading
ah so thats what it looks like... knew I wasn't playing it right
New strand-type game
GG
Should've been a famous streamer. I heard they got a totally different game.
They forgot how to make video games, knowledge lost to the ages lol
Multi dollar company btw
Nice game play
GOTY
It's the same game
The man don't miss
Actually killed hilarious video might be the best overwatch video yet
When blizzard said "it's overwatch 2 baby" and started overwatching on everyone, that really got to me. Bravo, Activision.
Classic Overwatch. 🙌🏼
truly the second watch type game
Loading screen simulator 😂
I got an overwatch 2 ad on this, incredible marketing
No point in waiting, I'm already Winston
This really brings out winstons crippling peanut  butter addiction.
😂😂
classic
Is this fortnite
Even though it’s my most played game I genuinely hope this game dies
But where is Torbjorn?
I love how this video accurately depicts the gameplay of the hit game Overwatch 2!
Of course Blizzard would give dunkey priority queue time.
And this is why I refused to touch the game for now lol
It's poo poo
Billboard Simulator 😂
The dc broke me
Gabe said it was team fortress 3 confirmed at e3
first
I really feel like I’m in hell when I play this game
Mom says it's my turn with the server
brave decision by the design heads at Blizzard to really take out the shooting, running, and or jumping in their highly anticipated sequel
Bruh how did they make the menus so much less interesting?
What gets me the most about this damn queue is that it goes by Ten Thousands at first but then once you hit that sweet 10,000 it goes by thousands at the slowest damn pace, even slower then when you were at 50,000!
The new battle Royale includes mechanics like League of Legends which I have no doubt dunkey will enjoy.
Getting the server error is like finding the Warp Pipe in The Lost Levels that sends you back to World 1
10/10 game😁👍
Overwatch 1.1
put an israeli war criminal in overwatch
The game kicked me out of a game while my friend was still in it. He gave me a live updates of our failure due to them being one man down because i was the only person kicked out and put into this stupid DDos queue.
overwatch 2 more like overwatch queue
I always knew TF2 would outlast overwatch
This game really makes you FEEL like youre waiting for Overwatch 2
Do I have to load into this video to watch even clips about Overwatch 2?
This is nice dunk, but when are we playing Donkey Kong 64 multiplayer together?
dunbkey
Imagine killing overwatch without properly letting players settle into ow2 and seeing if the servers would handle it
Waiting, the game
The cheat code yesterday was to play on Asia servers, you could get in immediately and you'd get queued with other NA players also on asian servers lol
I wanna know who was the petty group that decided to ddos the servers just to sabotage the launch day
don't actually give them money or attention  please
They should add a micro-transaction feature where you pay to eliminate other players from the battle royale
This really makes you "feel" like a strand type game.
This game looks amazing. Thanks for your personal review. It wouldn’t have been the same without it!
vid summed up the overwatch 2 experience😭
I was actually player 19482 in that game, close match.
This is definitely one of the Overwatch 2 videos I’ve seen
This is a very interesting new take on the series from Blizzard. A very bold move, but I think the new server disconnection is a nice new mechanic.
Blizzard not having their servers prepped what a shock.
Overwatch 2 really makes you FEEL like you're watching over and over again.
Rest In Peace Winston
The fact Dunkey can make an in-depth, valuable and meaningful review of a game in 3 minutes is absolutely incredible. His commentary skills have truly improved over the years.
Some hackers were ddosing the game :/
Yikes
Does it make you feel like Batman?
lol video out next day and 3 minutes long: I know how this is going to go
Thanks Obama
Rip Winston
Playing Overwatch 2? What are you, a Discord mod?
Nice of them to attach a cool team based shooter minigame to the loading screen royale when u win
More like Overplayed 2, am I right or am I right hehe
Good video bro. Love your content!!
Dang that gameplay tho
To be honest waiting in the lobby is probably more exciting than actually playing the game
Well that was quick Dunkey making a video on OW2 but it's not looking to good rn but it's not really blizzards faults because the servers got ddos but I'm really a fan of the previous characters needing to either be grinded to unlock or you need to have owned OW1 to get all of them unlocked and also to unlock new heroes only in the BP is a dumb decision but can't wait when the servers are working we can see some Winston gameplay from Dunkey.
I cannot stress enough how hard I am rooting against this game
Overwatch 2 really makes you feel like you’re in queue
Strand-type game queuing.
Dubkey will never game
Apparently Overwatch 2 was hit by DDos ....
Quality gameplay. Can’t wait to get my hands on Overwatch 3
I love his generic youtuber intro 😂
Overtrash
Can't wait for what exiting changes they are gonna bring to Overwatch 3
Honestly top tier game. Can’t wait to see how they top this in Overwatch 3 👏🏽
overwatch 2 morelike over2hours queue
It needed a phone number because of the dial-up loading time
This fast paced action looks so fun. I'm gonna go buy it now, thanks Dunkey!
it's a unique experience
"That might be the play of the game" lmao. On a serious note though I can't even get in the game.
Overwatch 2 is my fav battle royale
I didn't even know overwatch 2 have released.
Step one: sit in queue for half an hour Step two: get in and paid your phone Step three: get DCd and start over  Step four: sit in queue for half an hour Step five: get in and lose all your progress from the first game Step six: get DCd Step seven: repeat steps one and three until you can play more than two games.   Happy Overwatch 2 RELEASE YALL
This game 2 might just be better than Knack. Maybe
Best gameplay of all time.
This is better than Overwatch.
Nice gameplay footage. Exactly how I expected it to be.
Getting passed queue just to play 2 matches  then getting kicked behind 90000 ppl…..Goty
People always complained about the gameplay so they listened to the fans and removed it from the game
Opens the game and a battle pass instantly gets thrown in your face. Im not expecting this to last longer than the first one....
Atleast cod releases the same game every year with new features, overwatch took 6 years and took away some
Yo dunk defeated 30000 players on the first day… wow
Overwatch 2 is one of the games of all time.
The first ever strand type game
this is some of the finest overwatch 2 queue gameplay ive eva seen
can't believe they made overwatch into a Battle Royale. it really makes you FEEL like the overwatch.
Honestly my favorite part of the game so far is the list of numbers on the top left of the screen. It’s really a breath of fresh air.
Pay 5.99$ to activate Big Mode, where there is 7 more battle passes
You forgot to mention the sun on the top right of the screen
Blizzard....am I right?
This video pretty much sums up everyones overwatch 2 experience.
The first strand type battle royale
Now this right here is the reason why I'm subbed to dunkey
blizzard really can't do anything right, do they.
Hey dunkey, I just wanted to remind you that the new hottest game just dropped, it’s called Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze. Way better than this Fortnite game you’re talking about. You should review the videogame Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze
The graphics
The next strand type game
You get the secret ending if you don’t put in your phone number to play the game
maybe the real overwatch 2 was the friends we made along the way
truly the overwatch 2 of the overwatch series
You forgot to mention the sun on the top right of the screen
bruh ugh
I knew this video would happen 💀💀💀
maybe the real overwatch 2 was the friends we made along the way
I turned on notifications just because I knew this video was coming and I couldnt wait
Loading Simulator game. Nice but I’m more of a platform gamer myself
9/10          "It has a little something for everyone".
The orange rectangle is actually a reference to The Orange Box. A 2007 collection of Valve games that featured a game called Team Fortress 2, a superior predecessor to the Overwatch series!  This game is already a classic
10/10 really makes me feel like I’m waiting to play overwatch
Dunkey... you can't just clickbait us about Overwatch 2 and show the PS2 hit exclusive and blockbuster hit: The Sopranos: Road to Respect :/
They really said “let’s release the exact same game for free but make everything in it cost $$$”
NIKO MY COUSIN THIS GAME IS FUCKING DOG SHIT
Overwatch 2 is like watching the remastered version of the Star Wars prequels. Nothing really changed except for the visual effects and some actors.
New queue type gameplay
THE BEST QUEUE SCREEN IVE EVEN SEEN! THIS IS WHAT WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT, THIS IS WHAT OVERWATCH 2 IS ALL ABOUT BABY!
widow mains crying tears of joy. no shields means free kills.
I just love how Dunkey alternates between insightful analytical videos and utter shitposts.
🤣😂🤣😂
I really love the gameplay loop of logging in after 4 hours of waiting and then being able to get right back to waiting as soon as possible.
Lol this is great
It was fun to wait a couple hours just to not be able to play because my sms phone provider isn’t supported by Blizzard
Really makes you feel like overwatch.
More like overrated Idk why ppl love this shit
“That might be play of the game” lol
I wish they would bring back shooting :(
Overwatch 2 definitely didn't go BIGMODE
Move over Fortnite
They fucked up at the first day
Hey guys, Overwatch 2 here. Thank you for enjoying the new logo, in about another seven years we might have some gameplay for you to play. Thanks for buying the new logo.
I managed to log on once. All of my cosmetics from Overwatch 1 has been removed and most the Hero's are missing. Now I can't log on
Has anyone gotten to play it yet? Lmao
I prefer the alternative title, Overwatch 𝘼𝙡𝙨𝙤
I would have taken knack 3 over overwatch 2
to any future commenters  can any of you merge your overwatch acc to the second game? it's not letting me and I'm kinda pissed cause I'm losing all the shit I gained in the first game
They thought no one would have wanted to play because their promotion for the game's launch was so non-existent.
In stiches 😂😂 battle royale
Play firewatch2
But do you get to play as overwatch character?
But hey WINSTON LETS GO!
I have to say this game truly looks like it took a decade to make
0
I got an overwatch ad before this vid, I'll leave this so I remember forever
first
This game really makes you FEEL like Overwatch 2
I lost it at battle royale
I think overwatch 2 is goty because it makes you practice patience,a long lost art in gaming
Game of the Year if Knack: Return of the Knack doesn't come out
Literally in the queue while watching this
My favorite part when there where 80000 players ahead of me, that was my favorite gaming moment of the year
Can’t wait for overwatch 3 to be announced tomorrow!
this is the first time dunkeys ever played team fortress 2
Seagull said it’s over watch 1 dlc confirmed at E3.
I cannot wit for overwatch 3!
0 DISLIKES BAYYYBEEEEEE!!!!!
So exited for when I can finally get of queue in 2075!!
Lovely to see an entire video just on Overwatch 1.1. Dunkey truly puts in the effort to bring us news on every minor update.
Overwatch 1 was murdered for this
overwatch < anything else
This game really makes you FEEL like waiting.
Welcome to Overwatch 2 now with amazing PvE content, Hero Missions and deep progression!  Oh wait, they scrapped all of that and made it another F2P shooter
I can't wait for the new logo!!!
Overguy: return of watch 2
Welcome to the fps genre. Because there’s going to be no frames per second when you finally get in a game.
I actually got in and got to play a few   Took an hour of saying 0 people are in front of me for it to go in but it is great when it can be played
If you respect gaming as an art form, do not play overwatch 2.
It's a 2, but it's no Knack 2.
this video really makes you FEEL like there are 30,000 players ahead of you
silly dunkford, everyone knows you have to buy the knack 3 battle pass bundle in order to play the full game
I'm an overwatch fanboy...and this is phenomenal  Shitty game/sequel launch needs to be called out DDoS or not.  Still in a week or hopefully much less I will pour hundreds of hours into this game.
I got a high score today! I got down to: “2 players ahead of you” then it disconnected me and didn’t give a reason. I think this new gameplay loop will really appeal to LoL players too
Battle Royal 🤣🤣🤣
This game really makes you FEEL like you’ve wasted your money even though multiplayer is free
I'm so glad Dunkey is playing such an obscure title. Overwatch 1 had such a small and friendly community, hopefully Dunkey can bring light to the sequel of a fantastic indie title.
I can't believe the 30k players got in ahead of Dunkey, the ultimate OW2 fan...
people hate this game too much tbh, they got ddosed because of hate
I haven't finished the video yet but I can't wait to see gameplay
Thanks for doing this for every game launch ever before dunkey 😎👍
Overwatch 2 .The Kind of Game that really feels like a love letter to gaming
Damn it was doo doo :(
Dunkey, you silly animal. Obviously, Overwatch 2 will become one of the greatest games once they add Gex. It'll be like that time Ryan Reynolds played Checkers with him.
Man this game looks so good, very classy!
OMG I love you Dunkey Man!!!!!!!!!!!!
it has a little something for everyone 9/10
Yup they r copying fortnite it’s for real this time
This has been my favourite wallpaper yet, thank you Blizzard!
Reminds me of the time hitler was alive
It’s Overwatch, but less so. Quite a sequel concept.
I love that orange rectangle. A modern classic, really!
Another one of Dunkey's classics! Have yet to watch it, mind you
Very good review on overwatch 2
And when you finally load in EVERYTHING TO SOMETHING IS MISSING
My hope for this game has been dashed, the only thing I wanted was pve
I can't believe they added a reference to Overwatch 1 in the hit sequel, Overwatch 2.
*ANOTHER DUNKIFIED CLASSIC!*
My friend got through the queue time and then got booted
Same bro. Me, my wife, and son all waited hours and saw only this screen all day on both xbox and PC.
OVERWATCH 2 BAYBEEEEEEE
Overwatch 2 really makes you feel like you played Overwatch
My hope for this game has been dashed, the only thing I wanted was pve
That's exactly what I was waiting for.
The second he started talking about the logo I knew what this was
We love theme park ride simulator
Wow dunkey is truly one of the videogamers of all time!
Big
148th
Overwatch Queue is one of the best sequels ever released. Only behind Last Of Us Remastered, Shrek 2, and of course Bowsers Big Bean Burrito 2 the Squeakuel
I wait for like 3 hours and cannot get in so i just quit
Overwatch 2 is the first waiting room type game
my ps5 says I've played this game for 12 hours. I've literally not even seen what the menu looks like
Overwatch 2 is one of the sequels of all time
this game really makes you FEEL like blizzard has been a disappointment lately
Dunkey is the only guy I can count on to give me the content I really want: logo color analysis
overwatch more like overwatch the queue for a couple hours
I can’t believe the world record holder of Bowser’s Bean Burrito can’t even get in
first
There's an actual game? I just really liked the queue screen.
I’m not sure how u make a new game of the old one and downgrade this bad
I knew what this video was before it was uploaded. Masterpiece
Waited an hour for my queue to go from 399 to 699 😃 so far I recommend and it feels very different from the first
Ow1 players deserves the battlepass for free
Whoever is reading this, i pray that whatever you’re going through gets better and whatever you’re struggling with or worrying about is going to be fine and that everyone has a fantastic day! Amen
This is definitely what fans of dunkey want to see in a video.  Should have called it “dunkston checks in”
I would agree with you Dunkey. I would definitely buy the game because of the logo design.
wow i could never have predicted this angle dunkey took
Overwatch 2 Many God Damn People in a Queue at any given fucking time.
If Overwatch 2 is so good why isn't there an Overwatch 2 2
This game should have been called underwatch fuck you.
Blizzard never fucking learns
This game is too hard!!!  I can't get pass the queue boss!!!
Wow, so much content! Blizzard really outdid themselves!
Geez Lmao
Very classy
New dunk better day
Damn they really made Overwatch too...
Geyh
Overwatch 2 really makes you FEEL like 0 Players Ahead of You -Error Server Connection lost
Overwatch 2: The biggest Overwatch 1 update yet.
imagine being dumb enough to buy this game
Eyyy, I just peaked at my subscriptions. Wasn't expecting a dunky video posted less than a minute ago but have been pleasently surprised
No dislikes. Perfectly balanced as all as it should be.
Hello overdunk
boy 15 games and i am already worn out why are tank characters have soo damn health (unlike apex)
the exit to desktop was the best feature they had in the game
Bidrogamedunky
Good thing dunkey didn't make us queue for this video too
I haven't seen loading screens this good since Bool's Realm
fhird
Oh i know this gonna be a very good video, just like dunkey 1, but now theres an orange rectangle
Thank you very much mr. Dunke
40 seconds in and donkey has already convinced me overwatch 2 sucks
Overwatch 1.1
Overwatch 2 is like Splatoon 3  if Splatoon 3 was overwatch 2.
My favourite thing about OW2 was the queue to actually get into the queue
How did dunkey even find any good 😰
It litterally loading stimulator
This game really makes you FEEL like a chump.
Hello dunkey. This is an amazing new game :D I'm glad dunk tail is making such a great game. +7
I love the logo, but I gotta admit the logo sucks. Good logo though.
The King of Overwatch is back, Jontron better watch out!
Overwatch 2: Queuing Xtreme
Overwatch 2
great new vid dinkey! haven't watched it but gj
im not gonna watch this video
Nice they came back with Onlywatch 2
Baby game
I waited 3 hrs to get in
big mode
Was waiting for an in depth review. Thank you 🙏🏼
They should put Overwatch 2 into BigMode, I bet it would be big
If this was Overwatch 1 you would give it a 10/10
Omg I’m so early
is a nice logo
Yaaaasssss!
huh
Numbah one baybee
So glad I wasn’t in queue to watch this video.
This will be Dunkey's most viewed video
No winston wtf
I really enjoyed playing overwatch 2 the new loading screen looked amazing!
DUNKY
isn’t this the guy who got the world record on bowser’s big bean burrito blindfolded with his controller unplugged?
Almost as hype as knack 2 release
Woah I'm early
Fifteenth! Hell yeah!
Overwatch 2 Devs when they get more than 5 people logging in on launch 😱😱😱
Nice
Overwatch 1.1*
The player count even changes.
It really makes you feel like you're playing overwatch 2.
Overwatch 2 is the new fps strand type game
Just here for the logo praise
Overwatch 2? More like two doo doo
I expected nothing, yet I'm still let down
Yo
biggest difference between ow1 and ow2 is that you could play ow1.
Overwatch, more like dunderwatch am I right fellas
Instant
U son of a bitch I knew this would exactly be the video once I read the title 🤣
He should of just posted 10 mins of overwatch 1 gameplay and reveal the fact that it is not overwatch 2 at the end of the video
I could watch this video 10 times in a row and still be in a queue to enter the game.
I OverSaw this 2 in my feed so I clicked on it
Glad Dunkey has returned to Overwatch and also glad he got to voice all the characters in both games.
Only thing that can make overwatch 2 fun is a Dunkey video
This reminds me of Overwatch
rip the ddos attacks ruined the launch
This game makes you FEEL like you’re playing Overwatch 2
the greatest thing overwatch 2 did was somehow convincing fans that overwatch 1 was good
Me when
Im 40 sec late
Can’t wait to play it
Haven’t played it yet. Classic.
The logo was my favorite part when I sat there for hours! I highly recommend this game because of this.
Can’t wait for the full game to come out
I’ve never had so much fun in a queue before
I literally just rewatched the overwatch 2 previous video
Can’t wait for Overwatch 3
Overwatch 2 stinky
Overwatch 2 is one of the video games of all time
Dunkey was making this video at the exact moments I was wondering “I wonder what dunsleys gonna say”
This isn’t overdunk 3/10
OH I get it, he dunks on games I get it
2 watchover
Dunkerwatch 2
no dislikes? anotha classic from dunkey
A true dunk classic
This game really makes you feel like your in purgatory
Dunkey pls do your wedding again but part 2
Lol is this just gonna dunk on the ddos the whole time  edit:yep
Virgin simulator 2
Overwatch 2 more like buttwatch 2
I’m second because first is the worst and second is the best
RSS gang is fast
Man I can't wait for the Ice Age Scrat's Nutty Adventure review!
bigmode: omg hi winston  winston: overwatch
Bigmode news please dunkey
Overwatch 2 really makes you feel like overwatch
I cant play cause i have a phone plan they dont accept ???? am i being shamed for being poor??? wtf blizzard
if this gets 1 like i will
Straight up disaster at launch especially when we have gundam evolution
Dunkey never misses. He got POTG in queue
Dunkey when will your publishing company release Knack 3?
Whens underwatch getting released?
this is just overwatch 1
Wow 🤩.
Nice to see Big Mode highlighting small indie games already.
Moar dunsley
I love waiting in queue for 2 hours because of ddos losers
just what I hoped this video would be
😅
Gamer moment for a studio to become EA, truly an expert play!
Another certified 0 disliked video from the DunkMaster himself
This game makes you FEEL like you're a game developer out of ideas
Too bad I can’t go back and play the original.. it was so much more ORIGINAL
Help me, good people. I am Um Ahmed from Palestine. My children are orphans, an example and an example of his sincerity (there is no lack of money from charity) what our Lord gave us. The contact number with his personal picture of the channel can be trusted. May God protect you and sustain your livelihood.
shout out to Iron Tarkus
hi
First one to call second
Mo Bamba
This game really makes you ‘feel’ like a loading screen
Any other OG players just get x10 the amount of competitive points and bought tons of gold weapons?
Half of overwatch 2 is waiting to get into the game
dunkler
Your inventory is missing too
It’s like Overwatch, with a 2
Firts
frist
Probably won’t make a Overwatch 2 2
I’m glad Dunkey finally made a video on this, now I know what I think about Overwatch 2
early
overwatch 2 truly is one of the games of our time
Doesn’t really hold a candle to super Mario Brothers 2 sadly :/
Woo
Overwatch 2: Can't get in queue
Third
dunkwatch
More like overwatch 2 am i right
There’s a game beyond the loading screen? 10/10 blizzard, you’ve done it again
This truly is one of the game launches of all time
disappointed with blizzard tbh
I can’t even play the game
I LOVE OVERWATCH 2 I LOVE OVERWATCH 2
People who call splatoon 3 splatoon 2.5 don’t know about this I bet LOL
Literally watching this after getting kicked out of the game and waiting to be let back in
And this is the 2nd day of launch! And it’s still unplayable for me 😒
Funny Donkey Man
Glad to see dunkey finally playing queue simulator!
Overwatch poo
I'm still waiting to get into the game
That logo does go crazy
0 dislikes 😎💪
Thank you Dunko
More like wait and watch 2 cuz of queues and I right
sorcornd
this is one of the games of all time
I love the queue simulator
i love queue simulator
I love you dunky
Mama Mia here we go again
bruh
OverwTch
Classic
WOOOOO
Finally, this game makes you feel like spider man
This gameplay is amazing!!!
Beautiful
First
First
Welcome to dying alone 2
58th
here we go, boys
Here we go
OMG I LOVE YOU DUNKEY AHHHHHHHHH
Oh my!
Eyy
Love u dunk
Check out my gaming channel please :)
i got nothing so far
Yes
Wingston
Uh oh
I loved the part where he played the game.
Crazy queue 😂
Second
This game really makes you feel like overwatch 2
Finally, the second VideoGameDunkey Overwatch video.
tf2 wins
Great video, I think ive seen this one before.
OVERWATCH 2, BAYBEEEEE
It’s new and cool
8/10
W000
overwatch 1.1
riveting gameplay
We made it
Welcome, to the Same Game 2.
Dunkey
lmaoo
I was looking forward to this video infinitely more than Overwatch 2.
Bunkley
Nice
Fifth
OW 3
first
Oh man I'm not first
Bird up
Fortnite
woot!
Hi dunkey
Ayy
But did you get a SF6 beta code?
Whoooooo
nice
Made it
Overwatch 1 part 2
Welcome to Overwatch 2 Where the amount of new things are low but the micro transactions are high
If only big mode had helped this indie game
Yo
Ohboy
Dunk
Hello :3
Firstest
YES
Dunkey!!!!
First
thanks dunk
Hello
Best game
First com
Yaa
Second
Fecond
Fart
Dunkey I love you
First?
nice
First
forst
