UK is good
Thanks
¿Necesita cura para enfermedades mortales como el HIV / SIDA/ HERPES/ HEPATITIS B/ VIRUS y Ex back Contacte al Dr. balogundr533@gmail.com ahora a través de su número de WhatsApp +33635896938....
Meanwhile in China ,people have resumed eating bats ,aliens and god knows what !!!
Why is this still on the bbc news  This is history ...not todays news
FEAR is the mother of all screw-ups.
https://youtu.be/eqy0ns9OB0c
When do we take back the streets, why is it teenage girls and old ladies only, although I know the answer probably,the police like eight on one on easy targets, people need to stop walking by, take th expelled back from the polices illegal arrests for human chains, do what we have to any means needed..
Why: To prevent the spread of COVID-19 Where: United Kingdom (UK) When: A month ago Who: The citizens of UK
BBC China news＝fake news
BBC Propaganda for the Woke snowflake gender counting doped up with weed give me more money why don't I have what you got glue my ars to a train racist BLM loving I'm scared to work Corbyn loving anti Semitic why can't we live like CCCP or North Korea party.
It's like an episode of the 1970s series 'Survivors' - nearly eveybody  wiped out by a virus, but no dead bodies to be seen anywhere.
Will you please open your eyes  and acknowledge the fact that this variant has come in from Europe across the channel  and into Kent fact  , so who do you think brought it in its not rocket science is it .
https://principia-scientific.com/2010-rockefellers-operation-lockstep-predicted-2020-lockdown/  .,.,.,.,.,...
An ex-Merck Pharma representative, Brandy Vaughan, discloses vaccine dangers and risks ...before her death https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzpdaJgjh8c&feature=youtu.be
Covid was not a problem in japan because they were Vitamin D replete. japan has lots of covid and no problems.                              hardly anyone died. hardly anyone got sick. no lockdowns no mandatory facemasks.                                                                              iu- 5000 V-D3  per day. Total cost for 1 year supply of vitamin D-3 is about £8 incredibly cheap and incredibly safe.                                  Big pharmaceutical don't like cheap drugs. sunshine is free. No need for vaccine
الي من طرف   استاذ مقداد يخلي لايك
oo*wwr More covid-19 prevention, remedy etc and music which I composed visit my video on youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0MrrbAm0vc
The top of the world’s covid-19 virus epidemic prevention is the paradise (Taiwan) that foreigners want to enter. It is also the refuge and epidemic prevention place for the presidents and CEOs of the world. It is the safest place in the world and a clean land for humans to prevent the epidemic.  To cherish all these good things.
Open Letter To The 45th President Of The United States Of America Donald J Trump (THE GREATEST PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME)   God Bless You Donald Trump and give you the courage, strength and wisdom, to be on the right side of destiny, to be the greatest president the USA has ever had!!  Sir you have achieved more in your 1st term in office than all the previous presidents combined.  Once people realise and really wake up, and see your hand in the down fall of the cabal, the global elites, the corrupt bankers, mainstream media,politicians, the various royal families in the world and their insatiable thirst for adrenochrome and other nefarious activities.  To gain the fountain of youth they have needlessly enslaved young children and trafficked them like disposable goods. All In the pursuit of their own insatiable greed & vanity, they have sacrificed their humanity and are pure evil and satanic to the core.  Once people realise your great military war against the deep state, and all the 5 million children that you have rescued from dumbs (deep underground military bases). You will become a national & international hero. Posterity will confirm and history will record. That You Sir, will be remembered as the Greatest President of The USA. Who has actually given the power back to the people, aswell as their liberty & freedoms. May the sun always shine, on the glorious New Republic, that you have newly created, once the US goes back to constitutional law and away from corrupt marine law.  Most importantly though Sir you will be remembered as the greatest peace maker and humanitarian.  I can only reiterate that Donald you are an amazing man and inspirational in your vision. I can only wish you a very long live, aswell as your incredible family.  God bless the USA and the rest of the world. MAGA
Canadian government says flights from the UK are banned,  bullshit , Fligghts arriving almost every day from the UK.  Check link below, and thats just Toronto Pearson, what about other airports?  https://www.torontopearson.com/en/arrivals
The world's top CoVid-19 virus epidemic prevention is where foreigners want to go (paradise Taiwan), and it is also the place where presidents and leaders and CEOs of the world will take refuge..
👉😷👈🙏
Thank to Dr Godfather for bring my lover back in just 24 hours,when my lover left me i was sad i wanted to kill my self because i love him so much i try to do what i can to get her but it did not work, I told  all her friends to help me beg her that am so sorry for what i have done but she never accept my apologies, one day i was browsing on my YouTube and i saw someone testifying about this great man call Dr Godfather how he help her to bring back her boyfriend back, so i contacted Dr Godfather in just 24 hours my story change my lover that left me came back and beg after one year i was so happy that my Ex is back to me,  all my appreciation goes to drgodfatherspellcaster1@gmail.com for bring back my lover back contact him if you are having any similar  problem like this or any problem you may have Dr Godfather is the solution man his email address drgodfatherspellcaster1@gmail.com or Whatsapp him +2347062606817
If China and the world health organisation did there jobs right in the 1st place we wouldn’t be in this mess in the 1st place
GLOBAL RESEARCH  Coronavirus: Killer Virus or Common Flu With Video and Transcriptions Oct 2020  By Michael Welch, Dr. Sucharit Bhakdi, and Prof Mark Crispin Miller PEOPLE THE TRUTH  IS OUT THERE
....
If you are in quarantine pls read your bible & get closer to God. He is soon to wrap things up on earth with the Great Tribulation & the return of Christ. NEVER ACCEPT THE MARK OF THE BEAST. If you want to go to heaven pls accept Christ as Lord & serve Him until the very end. We are living in the end times & last days of earth. Only through Christ can one be saved & enter into heaven.
I want to share my testimony on how i get cure of my HIV diseases with the help of Doctor Iyere, i have being suffering for this disease for a very long time now.i have try several means to get rid of of my HIV disease for the last three years and had constant pain, especially in my knees. During the first year, I had faith in God that i would be healed someday.This disease started circulate all over my body and i have been taking treatment from my doctor, few weeks ago i came in search on the internet if i could get any information concerning the prevention of this disease, on my search i saw a testimony of someone who has been healed from (Hepatitis B and Cancer) by this Man Dr.OSABA and she also gave the email address of this man and advise we should contact him for any sickness that he would be of help, so i wrote to Dr.OSABA telling him about my HIV Virus he told me not to worry that i was going to be cured!! hmm i never believed it,, well after all the procedures and remedy given to me by this man few weeks later i started experiencing changes all over my body as the Doctor assured me that i am cured, after some time i went to my doctor to confirmed if i have be finally healed behold it was true, So friends my advise is if you have such sickness or any other at all you can email Dr.OSABA on [drosabacurehome@gmail.com] sir i am indeed grateful for the help i will forever recommend you to my friends and to share this to every one that have any of this sickness you can call his whatssAp mobile via +2348132322488 or email drosabacurehome@gamil.com
Another classic from the British Brainwashing Corporation.
To oak tree watch and learn.
Merry Christmas BBC keep the doom and gloom coming. The people are seeing through your lies and fear propaganda. Eat shit and die you evil self righteous cock wombles. Merry Xmas to all that don’t work for the BBC. 🎄
This virus originated from Trier a southwestern German city in 1818, gradually spreader to Russia and Eastern European countries, then further east to China...over the past 100 years, the western world dismissed warning from great people like George Pattern and MacArthur about this disease's impact on the future generations if the western world did not confront and defeat it in the immediate post-WWII era...but they were and still are dismissed...the price we are paying now is not surprising given how stupid the people are ... given the current level of collective wisdom in the western world, I am afraid the future looks even more dangerous for the survival of western civilization...
why hasnt our uk gov done anything to feed the truckdrivers who are the ones who keep our shops stocked..they now been told they need a covid negative test before being allowed to board ferrys.. but the test takes a few days to get back so they now got to stay there for next few days..france has food places and toilets,uk has nothing..
Every industry is in danger ffs what a idiot of a man
OK so lets start sending back all the illegal immigrants to whence they came  IE France  given that Macron makes sure they have safe passage through his country,  didn't stop them entering the UK for them to  spread god knows what
They will try anything to stop BREXIT roll on 31st December....
https://americans4innovation.blogspot.com/2020/01/coronavirus-traced-to-british-crown.html
https://americans4innovation.blogspot.com/2020/01/coronavirus-traced-to-british-crown.html
Lame lockdown.its gone viral out of control.its like plague1665 fire of london supposed to ended that one
If they did this ban a few centuries ago maybe the uk wouldn’t of pillaged and raped half the world
DANGEROUS !!!! ALL MODERN VACCINATIONS AGAINST COVID AND OTHER DISEASES POISON WITH NANO CHIP 666 BEAST GENE. WHEN THE VACCINATION WILL BE LABELING THE BEAST 666. BIOMETRY. LASER f. 666 ON LOB. COMPUTER '' BEAST '' IN BRUCELLI. APOCALYPSE. READ THE BIBLE When submitting biometric data to a BIO passport, ID CARD or a driver's license, a person can secretly burn out a lazel on the forehead with a face photo number 666 QR CODE. this is done so that the video cameras immediately identify you as QR codes on a smartphone. after that people start to get sick physically and demoniacs in church or endure PSITEROR, that is, to listen to voices in their heads, etc. even if you DIDN'T GIVE A LABEL then your biodanes go to the computer under the name `` BEAST '' in Brussels, everyone who enters the computer is depersonalized the NAME from GOD and gets a personal 18-digit number NAME from SATAN, that is, entering the computer the beast you are recorded in the book of the dead registration in HELL !!!! IF YOU HAVE ACCEPTED BIOMETRY AND WANT TO REPORT THEN YOU MUST WRITE AN APPLICATION FOR REFUSAL FROM BIO PASSPORT. GO TO THE CONJECTION OF THE ORTHODOX CHURCH. BURN PASSPORT AND NEVER USE IT. PRIEST WHO HAVE BIOPASSPORT OR ACKNOWLEDGE - BLESS RECEPTION AND LEAD ALL TO HELL !!!!! HOW TO SEE? REAL CHRISTIANS KILL FROM THE CITIES AROUND TO THEIR LAND. SEE EXORCIST VASILY NOVIKOV. FILM SPRUT GALINA TSAREVA. Russian angel YOUNG VYACHESLAV.
Racist travel ban
We have double trouble first brexit second corona virus lol 😂
The virus is transmissible through flatulence,  mandatory butt plugs in supermarkets soon
Sounds like revenge for leaving the EU
Corona is government made everyone that's been close to working it out just dissapears... They're doing it for money. If you think about it China is making money therefore making them more powerful for war...
First the UK majority decided to leave the EU & now Europe doesn’t want anything or anyone coming from the UK.
*this would have never gone this far if you locked down the whole country in january for fucks sake*
Did you know: the Government was dissolved on march 23rd 2001 - Matt Hanock has no power of me.. nor does the Royal Family. - you're not my leader, I do not accept your governance over this country, and I do not accept your attempt at governance over me.
This is how simply mafia can make queen sign something ;) just close border and set ultimatum... Hahahahaha!!!! 21'st century war$
The Criminal iraqi Rejim Spread Corona Virus in Europe
Burn parliament. Establish Fascism.
Agenda is immunity passports, this covidiotism won't stop
Only in UK 😅 x
So basically this: "let's not organize quarantines on arrival, but make people stuck over christmas and make them group up at packed airports". As always - awesome planning.
funny how this is happening in the same time with brexit, wouldn't you say?
Another round of the crazy nonsense-show :D :D :) https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7tB6qL0r-AaVZDbi5Y3xjuNJIz-bTOuH Let us formulate a common political goal: Internally, bosses must also become responsible to the grassroots, especially in groups with delegated powers (police, parties, governments, courts, media, banks, infrastructure, health system ... even church and military). We know the good, the bad and the ugly people in the direct (professional) environment best. In order to support socially committed people and degrade charlatans, we need TRIPLE ASSESSMENTS by superiors, colleagues and subordinates that are effective for promotion up and down - regularly!
If we had strict restriction consistently and schools were online we repulsing be in this situation
You're only too late but no biggie🥴 Maybe just maybe closing the borders and imposing truly strict rules RIGHT AT THE VERY beginning would've been kind of a better idea I don't know? Maybe? Yeah? It's okay we have the Global Reset and the liquid death to fix this mess 🙌
Oh the dumpster fire that 2021 will be and people have no idea
VRAU PASSPORT DIPLOMAT 3.BILETE.de.avijon 3.Vize.plus.bani MEJ CHES 990.Milliarde DE EURO VRAU CHES DATA 22.DEC 2020.FA.PACET.TRIMITE.REPEDE.IN.ROMANIA CURIER ITERNATIONAL TEL 0752621579.NAME.VARGA SÁNDOR ADRES GLORIA NR 92.LOC.GIROC.JUD.TIMISOARA.ROMANIA VRAU FAPTE NU MINCUNA
https://youtu.be/1iZhEK9n6NM There is a clear reason for COVID-19. More than 60 million cases are confirmed and 1.4 million people have lost their lives. Is this just coincidence? All Catholic and Christian leaders of the world must consider this question since all problems and answers of life are in the Bible. Stop preaching and hearing lies differing from the Bible and come out of the churches that have become a home for demons. Turn to the Truth while you are alive!
all  this brexit/ covid just pieces in same plan
https://youtu.be/1iZhEK9n6NM There is a clear reason for COVID-19. More than 60 million cases are confirmed and 1.4 million people have lost their lives. Is this just coincidence? All Catholic and Christian leaders of the world must consider this question since all problems and answers of life are in the Bible. Stop preaching and hearing lies differing from the Bible and come out of the churches that have become a home for demons. Turn to the Truth while you are alive!
BILL GATES must be happy now what’s happening to the world population that’s what the wanted decades a go
England has gone to the dogs. Maybe it's time to jump ship?
Block England  Best Decision  ever made, England has History of contamination of Virus.
All these countries are banning flights from the UK. There’s been no talk about the UK banning incoming flights!
14 members of my friends family all tested positive 2 have severe copd 1 has really bad heart issues 3 have asthma 1 very severe asthma yet not one of them had a single symptom whatsoever, I understand there is some asymptomatic cases for illnesses but c'mon 14 positive tests from same family all different age ranges and some with medical conditions that are at top of the high risk list yet not a single symptom between any them. Only reason they got tested is due to friends wife's work and she was apparently in contact with someone who had it.  I will put this final point my friend was of the believe I'm a crack pot conspiracy theorist I would say covid is all fake it's the common influenza it a a scam and he would laugh we would disagree and he would maintain the it's not fake it's Defos real maybe not as bad as made out but it's real. Well it's safe to say his opinion has now changed
Wonder how many of those trucks have migrants in them ?
Them creating so many distractions is because their time is up . (Covid-19 propaganda , fear , media) They want to take away your vision aka take away your 2020. The people are starting to get their vision back. People are starting to wake up, starting to ask questions , what is this happening for , what is really going on? When you ask questions you open up your mind . It’s not about believing , it’s about knowing . It’s checkmate . Every single day you can remind yourself that what’s happening out there the distractions in the matrix are all done by design. They have you focused on celebrities who do nothing for you they’re all part of the design as well to keep you trapped in your lower nature . How come a lot of positive musicians get supressed? How come they don’t promote love peace and compassion? Cause they don’t want you to ascend to your higher nature . With your lower nature is governed by fear . Fear is a mind killer . When you move to the love frequency you can be free from everything happening on this planet . Most people don’t live they merely exist and have become accustomed to this new normal . A lot of people having this awakening are not accepting it and we take back our own power .We know that being free is our birth right . But all of this is happening for a reason because there are no accidents and no coincidences  in this universe, and it’s one of the greatest things to wake you up. You can’t get the truth from media , from politicians you can only get the truth from going within and from yourself. Developing intuition . It’s a blessing in disguise because it’s a confirmation that this whole system is based on illusion . And we have to go within . All we need is to support each other because we are the power .   Like Bob Marley Said, you are living in a concrete jungle and the only way out is in. You have to re connect with yourself and get out in nature , because Nature will never lie to you , the matrix always does .   Fear is the only currency the media has. Turn off the tell-lie-vision (television) and put the media in lockdown. #wewonthaveit .
what about all the other mutant and more infectious strain around the world? yet again the British media scaremongering and pulling apart the country whilst ignoring the bigger picture. we dont want bias for EITHER side - just some proper reporting. Not running down our government, moking the country or scaremongering the public. When the media are biased people wont listen to the scientists and to the actual facts because they loose faith in everything they are being told!
nice
How about  international  students  who's  studying  in China  🇨🇳.  when they can return back to China .
imagine a world without goddamn China.
I bet they all got the same strain.
BBC lying agen and telling you shit
It's such a good time in on earth glad iv realize power in love and not to give in to fear why don't yall tell people  they can cure there self threw power of thought why put fear in people  all of you news and governments said the same thing six months ago the doctors will turn  on you soon placebos threw fear do something you love and stop giving in to this crap love yourself and others watch how you want get sick glad I'm on the new earth and not in matrix anymore
Jesus he has big ears
IF the Covid-19 Virus is as deadly as the Politicans are making out , surely Closing the Borders of a Country shoud have been done at the Very Start of the outbreak . Boris and His Minions knew about the Virus , and where it started , but Still allowed two Planes full of Passengers from Whutan to land in the UK , and then allowed them to travel the Length and Breadth of the UK to find refuge with Relatives .
https://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/acip/meetings/downloads/slides-2020-12/slides-12-19/05-COVID-CLARK.pdf page 6/8 2.7% of those who had vaccine have experienced adverse reactions , put that into context of the UK population , thats MILLIONS of vaccine casualties!
Get used to it once Brexit hits well done England &Wales
Travel Ban's brexit💯https://youtu.be/QN8uqbOdZaU
Stop traveling. don't go on holiday! simple solution.
Why can't those companies who run event around Britain lay on portable toilets and shower units for those lorry drivers waiting to go home, as well as any food vendors burger trailers/vans donate their time to provide food for them, shame on the government for not giving the forethought on this problem
JOIN THE ILLUMINATI BROTHERHOOD TODAY AND BECOME RICH AND FAMOUS WITH IN 24 HOURS! Call/Whats-app: +2348136047592 The Illuminati brotherhood offers you Riches, Powers and Fame. You can achieve all your dreams by becoming a member today. Note: The Illuminati do not accept human sacrifices and no sharing of human bloods. If you are really interested contact us today via: Call/Whats-app: +2348136047592, Email: Illuminatibrotherhood479@gmail.com  BENEFITS GIVEN TO NEW MEMBERS AS FOLLOW * A Cash Reward Of $50,000,000.00 USD. *A New CAR Valued At $400,000.00 USD. *A Dream House Bought In The Country Of Your Choice. *Monthly Payment Of $350,000 USD Into Your Bank Account Every Month As A Member. Call/Whats-app: +2348136047592  for initiation to join the Illuminati Brotherhood and received your benefits.
Another horrendously careless BBC article. "Sting in the tail" ... It's a proper kicking you twonks!  🙄
How to get rid of the virus that has entered the human brain ?
"I'm from UK" "Uuuuu...Koronavirus" ".................."
The REAL Brexit. Literally.. 🤣
Total bullshit amazing how  they fooled the world with lies. they made the virus themselves them pretent to help people but the real agenda behind it is NWO DEPOPULATION kill many as possible with viruses thats Bill Gates words Bill Gates said in the begging of all this drama Corona will finish around 2023 and I bet that's when it will finish because bill is the main man in control of NWO they keep spraying chemicals in the skies then the rain brings them down now they made it stronger there's no new viruse just strengthen to kill more people
If you look at this world on a Nano scale - none of this exists
Hold up... didn’t this mutation start with the culling of Minx in Denmark some months ago?   https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-55391272  How is the UK the country that’s on lockdown and banned from every other country? Especially EUROpean ones?  Something isn’t right.
UK pampering a wrong business at the cost of national integrity. Boosting their economy with the use of  wealth looted from poor countries by making its soil a sanctuary for the criminals, absconders , legally convicted and looters. Is suchlike dough is left with the Kingdom, for its populace, where sun remained glowing 24 hours to the extents  of its domain . What a character plunge of a nation.
Oh dear how sad never mind
its funny how easy it is to come into U.K. lol from the very beginning of March
They maybe already have the variant virus just because they haven’t identified it yet doesn’t mean it’s not in there country
This is the 4th industrial revolution in action taking over the western nations using this pandemic to force it through. The leader is a guy called schwabb which the leaders of the westrrn nations have signed onto. How very sad next year will be even worse as they will keep using this pandemic to change everything and restrict everyones movements. They have you already waring face masks 24 hours a day when outside your home. This is not in your best interest they will make you feel so guilty that you wont be able to leave your home and if does not work they will impose restrictions. Wow onto these people in charge they have sold the poor and working class down the drain. Their utopia is enslavement for the populise. How sad. Nothing will stop the third spike happening.
It makes me think is all this going on because of brexit happening on the 31st
Block all travel to and from the UK. Simples
@0:08 "Denmark, Netherlands and Italy also detected the new variant" Yet they ban travel from the UK!!  Hypocrisy at it's best.  And France has the brass neck to close the border, when it was the first EU country to incubate COVID 19 right under their noses, apparently it was in the country from  27 December 2019 in Paris, yet it took them until the 24th January 2020 to report it!!  Didn't Denmark cull millions of mink last month due to a mutation of Corona-virus detected there?!?
Resist and ignore the words of these professional liars. They cannot provide any real evidence and use "experts" who are in the pockets of pharmaceutical companies and throw meaningless numbers around and that's all. They cannot debate anyone seriously who is against covid. They ban and even deregister health professionals who call out the lies. This has to end and will only do so when we fight back and remove these lying people before we have nothing.
This makes no sense..
Have the British not had enough yet I'm waiting and I need not say what for... Come on ppl
Other countries include xx xx xxx xxx and Hong Kong... 👀👀👀👀👀👀👀👀
Yes it's the Political Elite in the EU countries, that's put the ban on, Not the 1st of January yet, what a set of R SOLES , keep it up when it comes to turning back Tourism,  economical crisis for the European Communities  Countries.
Michel Barnier is like Darth Vader
Actually trading was not easy for me. I lost a lot of money about $1000 also a lot of money to trading assistants and copy traders I almost give up on forex trading. But a friend of mine introduced me to a good broker,, at first I thought It was another way of wasting my time and my hard earned savings . But greatest surprise was my investment of $ 3,000 came out with $6,750 in 10days trading ....you just have to be patient with them still your trade are complete... to be honest i didn’t just recovered all my previous losses.. I made much more than you past expenses... actually I personally recommend mrs Jenny for best trading, always trade with her and stop loosing your money  Reach out to her and believe me a trial will convince you  Heres her contact info ⬇️⬇️ +1 (605) 787-1636 Write ✍️ her on whatsApp
I hope that those flying and road restriction will be lifted as soon as possible. Lots of jobs, goods and maufactures coming and going to the island to shut down everything. And tourists for sure. Salute from Spain.
the variant is just a bullshit excuse to bully the uk to e.u terms .wake up folks
Look after there familys  goodbye 2020
i mean what's the point  of all these dumb bans aren't  this virus everywhere anyway lol, Covid did one thing it shows just how dumb world leaders are.
Someone should look after the Lorry Drivers give them Beer and food and let them all have a party after all its CHRISTMAS also help there familys God bless ENGLAND goodbye 2020
All the country's  should do the same only way his to keep everybody at home and give the hospitals  time to recover just let a few shops open in
Boris trying to lock us down but gives exemptions and France gives him the same medicine he gives us. #Shothimselfinthefoot
King James Version  Revelation 22:18-19 This Book  Exodus 24:7 The Book  https://www.biblegateway.com/audio/mclean/kjv/Deut.27  One Ephesians 4:4-6  Daniel 4:24  This  Is The interpretation,  O king, and This  Is  The  Decree of The  Most High, which  Is  Come upon My Lord  The king:  Light Ephesians 5:8  Now Daniel 4:37  Daniel 5:5 In  The same hour came  Forth Fingers of A  Man's Hand, and Wrote  Over against the  Candlestick upon the  Plaister of the Wall  Of the king's palace:  And the king saw  The part of the  Hand that Wrote.  Daniel 4:22 It Is Thou, O King,  it Exodus 16:14-16 Omer Acts 8:6 Philip Revelation 1:15-18 I am he John 1:49 The King of Israel Revelation 17: Ezekiel 10:15 Living  Psalm 145:14 Bowed Down John 8:17-18 Two One Revelation 4:2  Psalm 95:7 To Day  John 12:22 Philip Ezekiel 20:20 And Hallow My Sabbaths;  One Job 6:10  One Deuteronomy 6:4  Ecclesiastes 12:11 The  Words of The Wise  Are as Goads, and  As  Nails Fastened By  The  Masters of Assemblies,  Which are Given from  One Shepherd.  One Galatians 3:20  John 20:22 The Holy Ghost  1 John 1:5 God is Light  Acts 13:2 The Holy Ghost  Psalm 118:27 God is The Lord  Luke 3:21-23 The Holy Ghost  Light John 1:6-13   Zechariah 14:9 His name One  1 Samuel 16:22 And  Saul sent to Jesse,  Saying, Let David,  I pray thee, Stand  Before me; for  He hath found Favour  In my Sight.  Isaiah 55:5 Behold Daniel 5:7 The  King cried Aloud  Daniel 4:30 The King Spake, and Said,  Light 1 Thessalonians 5:5  Ezekiel 1:28 One That Speak. it Exodus 16:14-16 Omer Acts 8:6 Philip Job 13:26-28 My Feet 1 Samuel 17:21 For Is'-ra-el and The Phil'-is-tines had put The Battle in Array, Army against Army.  One Matthew 6:24  1 Samuel 17:12 Now  David was The  Son of that Ephrathite  of Bethlehemjudah,  Whose name was  Jesse; and he had  Eight sons: and The  Man went among Men  For  An Old man in  The  Days of Saul.  Acts 21:16 An Old Disciple  1 Samuel 16:23 And  it  Came to pass, when  The  Evil Spirit from God  Was upon Saul, that  David took An Harp,  And Played with his  Hand: so Saul was  Refreshed, and was  Well, and the  Evil Spirit departed from  him.  it Psalm 91:7  Daniel 4:24 O King,
Political football with a complicit media.   Don't be surprised if they use fear to cause panic buying claiming food shortages immanent.  Implying it's due to Brexit.  Next breath they'll say crops are going to rot due to Brexit
You see how it works, they offer you hope with the vaccine, then take it away with lockdowns due to a new strain. That's how you break people's spirits, you offer hope and then take it away.
BBC liars
More pathetic coverage from BBC
The new variant is 'out of control'? So, the old variant was 'in control'. Just another example of scaremongering.
Nobody can stop or hide from the jet stream flow traveling wintertime covid flu virus that mutates every late fall  killing off the very weak and elderly for the past hundreds of years. Time to just become un woke from the yearly winter deaths hyped by global pharma to scare world population into accepting a for profit vaccine which they have no chance of death from the illness. Take off the blinders people.
At least we are getting Brexit done, based on a bed of misinformation and lies. Worst recession in history, whilst the PM hands Coronavirus contracts to friends and peerages. We are being run by a corrupt government, people voted for this.
the new strain might actually be as a result of the vaccine that doesn't properly kill the virus
Which is what they government should of done back in March.
How come they werent this responsive towards china when covid was first detected....
Lol. Am I supposed to care?!
I believe UK, Netherland , Denmark and Australia all got the new variant. UK was the first to announce it so it got the most bans.   Apparently it pays to keep quiet.  That will be the nations' behaviour in future.
0:48 picture tells everything you need to know about this virus! The two guys wrapped up in blue plastic bags and the one sitting on the floor chatting on the phone no muzzle no plastic bag clothes on.
The great social reset is going to plan, the useless eaters have no idea of the doom that's coming their way in 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024  2025. .....when the sheep finally understand what's really going on it'll be too late. The evidence from the likes of the World Forum and their Great Reset is all set out  in plain sight . Unless the people wake up and wake up fast then kiss good bye to your liberty, freedom and privacy. ............FOREVER
Why was keeping airports open more important than getting the virus under control again? I forget.
Yep travel Ban enforced restrictions perfect😂https://youtu.be/yvs15lnxqPk
well at least its stopped Doris going over and licking the EUs ass constantly
I am afraid air travel should be minimal across the world but not freight lorries with solitary driver. France has reacted out of proportion
You voted for it?
Should be interesting to see how many of the drivers test positive.
Cv19 is a lie. Communism is real.
Covid - 19 - 21 - 22 - 23 - 24 - 25 - 26
🦠🦠🦠🦠https://youtu.be/PTQVx5UQvus See how to end virus in the ancient. 🦠🦠🔥💨 Let’s heal the World.❤️
More restrictions and more masks .. how is this getting worse .. I feel The government is the virus
First they came for the socialists, and I did not speak out—          Because I was not a socialist.      Then they came for the trade unionists, and I did not speak out—          Because I was not a trade unionist.      Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out—          Because I was not a Jew.      Then they came for me—and there was no one left to speak for me.
Imagine if the stupid bbc didnt tell lies Now im thinking of *heaven*
YAWN !
Fear muhgary shite as usual bullshit bollocks crap
How much more are we going to  pay for someone elses incompitency.🤔
What a massive coincidence. Hard border closing right before the Brexit it deadline with maximum drama in the media.  1. Those aren't all UK lorries. Many are EU and Irish lorries  2.  The Covid variant was discovered by the UK but has been circulating in Europe for weeks, no hysteria about that, it's just another excuse for Brit bashing  3. Anyone who thinks this is not at least partly political in nature is naive. But these shenanigans and the deliberate denigration of the UK merely makes me more certain the EU is evil.  I'm an ex Remainer. The disgraceful campaign against Britain for merely wanting to leave the EU (I didn't realise being in the EU was mandatory and for perpetuity) has woken me up to the machinations of  the establishment which I used to think was grossly exaggerated by 'conspiracy theorists'. Now? I wouldn't be surprised by anything.
More rubbish reporting from the Biden Broadcasting Corporation
Hoodwinked we are getting hoodwinked.
Have we stopped the migrants arriving?
Accept the Lord Jesus Christ as he is the lam and is the hadjl, the gospel of your salvation. Not any religion can save you. We were all deceived by Satan and his devisions many people worship false Gods, follow false doctrine, have idols, worship deities and practise many religions. Jesus christ is not a religion and hated religion, as it is false. Catholics and al other nominations, Buddhist, Hinduism, New Age are all manmade beliefs based on each cultures and holy scriptures. There is only one that can save, as he rose from the dead, so we can defeat it also.  The only prophet and the son of men of the living God written about in the KJV Holy Bible. The God of Israel. The God of all creation, The Word that was made flesh in Jesus Christ. Amen.  Only born again Christians are on the path of salvation. It's you in Christ and Christ in you. By doing the will of God the father with help from the Holy spirit. Formost believing that he is the only anointed able to forgive sins, not the pope or bishop. They honour Mary and Saints over Jesus Christ, Emanuel, Son of Man, Prince of Peace, King of Kings, and Lord of Lords our true saviour. Jesus Christ of Nazareth. Believe in the finished work on the cross. Heal the sick and cast devils out. Do good works, but abide in his sabbath rest, as he abides with the spirit in you. 24/7. Have your mind renewed and do what Jesus says you should do. Amen. There is only one father and that is in heaven. We honour, Father son and Holy Spirit.  Amen. I recommend Curry Blake, DHT, for a awakening. keep up with the good work for the kingdom of God  Praise the Lord Jesus Christ and his church and ministries, with regards to his saints, angels and prophets of righteousness.  Bless Gods kingdom and his Holy spirit.  Bless all the children on the earth, and the young, old and those with infirmities,and those suffering bondage, hunger, famine, war and imprisonment. I pray for the lost, all back sliders, and all The nations and its leaders. I pray for all my brothers and sisters in the faith, all unbelievers and sinners.  I pray for my kids, family, extended family, friends neighbour's, enemies  and those of Christ. Hallelujah praise his mighty name and bless those that read this. Jesus loves you all. Amen. Xx
All i can say is that we all being de-ceived by satan himself. He is trying to create fear and lies to devide and create reality through repetition and brainwashing the masses. They are coll-apsing the econo-mies around the world and the Cor-ona is a smokescreen for a sat-anic agenda called 060606, agenda 20-20 and 20-30. Media has been bought out, pushing lies and changing the na-rrative. All information is openly available for research and proof other-wise. Govern-ments and those working for govern-ment are trying to censor anything like they do in C-hina, Equally in surveil-lance and other dodgy tech-nology lead by 5-G. 5-G can be used as a wea-pon and has been about for many years.  There is only one remedy, and that is Jesus Christ only. There is nothing new under the sun. I highly recommend Curry Blake, DHT and JGLM for a awakening. Be born again and get saved from this fallen world. Amen. Xx
why is there 3k in likes...what bullshit is this!
about bloody time I say
Oh well there goes 2021
WARNING for UK travellers: TheTrainline.com puts travellers lives in danger. They will keep travellers money even if they cannot travel due to Government Health and Safety policy during Covid-19. In my case, now that London is in tier 4 I can't even leave my local area nor I know when will I be able to travel again. Trainline said they will not refund me and that I can still take my train so basically they are ignoring the urgency of the situation and forcing people to break the Government rules and even spread the virus! with people dying and getting sick right and left!!! Do you want to travel with a Company prefers to get your money even if you die and cause other people's deaths? I am never booking with them again. Stay safe and book with a considerate, reasonable and law abiding Company instead.
You guys know how to annoy everyone. New coronavirus strain my arse.
Interesting Stats - Note that the November figures will be published on January 4th - so stay tuned  England & Wales: registered deaths (Note. 2020 is only until October - but we are nowhere near pandemic levels)   Link to Office of National Statistics a UK Gov website at the bottom  2006 = 470,326  2007 = 470,721  2008 = 475,763  2009 = 459,241  2010 = 461,017  2011 = 452,862   2012 = 466,779  2013 = 473,552  2014 = 468,875  2015 = 495,309  2016 = 490,791  2017 = 498,882  2018 = 505,859  2019 = 496,370  2020 = 469,182   So, we have a pandemic have we LOL:  Please post it anywhere - ytube are blocking what I put up and I have to keep rearranging the text - thank you  https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/birthsdeathsandmarriages/deaths/datasets/monthlyfiguresondeathsregisteredbyareaofusualresidence
Wow, what an end to a once proud country. Laid low by the flu.
Covid 19 is getting worse and worse but not better in uk, people in uk don’t send your kids to school because covid is more strong then before.
Let's not forget this is all over a virus that has a 96% recovery rate
Looks like france is controlling its own border.how ironic is that,
Some countries are banned for 48 hours for a virus discovered in September. I mean what's that going to do. The variant is clearly all over the world they should be thanking the UK found it!
there lying to you.
Watch, Britain won't collapse into chaos proving we don't actually need Europe. We'll do just fine on our own.
What did boris and his scientific team expect other countries welcome brits with open arms when they announced a supposedly new strain of China flu i just hope the government ban flights coming in
Nothing to do with a virus.
Least we have Brexit so ??
Hospitals less full than usual... Covid average death age higher than U.K. life expectancy... Mass wealth movement...  Hmmm indeed.
More shit-stirring bollox from the #ScumMedia
Start wrapping food with planes do not be stupid
Covid 19: this isn't even my final form
And to be fair to all we banned travel from all those countries that now have banned travel to us
Should have closed our borders in March
Just stop all foreign travel for the foreseeable ffs
What do the UK government want the world to do. If you have a virus that spreads 70 percent faster than covid then obviously that will send alarm bells ringing across the globe.imagine that in India wow that would be like a nuclear bomb
lies lies lies all BS 100s of routes into uk
It's like Brexit early
Unreal your fault government this shit won’t end for years fact
Could we have a look at the new variant?! On the molecular level...nope...didnt think so...I call bullshit...this is a planned takedown...disrupt the food supply...we are being slapped about from all directions.....where are the deaths??? Ebola is a pandemic...this is flu if anything...unless its a kill gates new viral contagion
How to Deal With Loneliness: https://www.reddit.com/r/MindOverMatterScott/comments/dalcz4/how_to_deal_with_loneliness/
COVID IS A LIE!
Isn´t it amazing how sovereign nations like France can control their border- despite being a member of the EU and without the EU having any say in it?
URGENT...What the MSM Aren't telling you about the Covid-19 vaccine..Search: Vernon Coleman..and follow the links...
Covid 21 welcome 2021
So this new strain of virus is supposed to exist only in the UK? What a coincidence...
More fear propaganda!! Give them an inch they take a yard. This will never end. They will keep inventing new crap to keep people on lock down. The whole world has become a prison. People need to take a bloody stand. Enough is enough.
UK does the work to detect potential changes in the virus and gets punished. Don't bother is the answer.
Hong Kong, CHINA  https://youtu.be/pkzGq8oCd9Y
The poor Irish drivers can't go home home until after 31st December.
Hello AI (government artificial intelligence) how are you this fine evening?  What do you think 🤔 about vaccines 💉 and Bill gates ?  And the “Great Reset” with Klaus shwaeb at the helm taking us to our technocratic dystopian doom where you will be happy ???? And own nothing !!!
Pity they never closed boarders to Nazi Germany so fast. Who cares, we cant travel there anyway.
I just feel sorry for all of those truck drivers just trying to get back to there EU home and families for Christmas. As most of the British drivers just turned around and went home to be with there families. why would the French prime minister do this to EU citizens?
Governments govern, not dictate, my answer is Fuck You!!!
ALL BECAUSE THEY LOVE US SO MUCH THEY WANT TO KEEP US ALIVE...POPPYCOCK!!! THEY HSTE US AND WABT TO CONTROL US, 99.9% SURVIVAL RATE, BUT ALL THIS CRAZINESS? CLEARLY NOTHING TO DO WITH A VIRUS, ONE THING iVE LEARNT IS THAT THE GOVERNMENT DOES NOT GIVE A DAME ABOUT US.
hey look more bullshit ........
I deeply regret voting brexit.
You have to wake up and see that the Governments don't really care about saving lives, if they did they would prevent the ongoing suicides because of all that happens, people losing jobs, mental health, no help and isolation.
Absolute crock of sh1t, it’s like an economy restart.
Today`s psychological warfare from your favorite propaganda outlet.
The BBC is out of control and the government is on drugs or they been staying in that bar to long
The new varient is already in Europe it does not mean it originally came from the UK. It's just that th UK is more advanced in this field than many other countries and that they discovered a new varient in this country.
Europe punishing the UK because of Brexit.
https://youtu.be/yJQIpjS2mOs
This is a concerted anti-British campaign. This variant didn't start here and its present in other countries as well but we're wrongly getting the blame. Its a spiteful punishment for Brexit and won't be forgotten by the British people even if our politicians are too weak to do anything about it.
This is also Brexit test so we all feel it on our skin. I hope it will affect the most Brexiteers. You wanted it you will get it.
British prime minster bad decision, terrible act and ignorant behaviour that’s surely bracken the country into half..
ugh man I just booked a flight yesterday r u serious
This new variant didn’t originate here ! It’s been brought in across the channel hence the concentration of cases in Kent . Precious the French isolate plague island when it’s probably been in the population way before crossing the channel . Perhaps a bit of Brexit power posturing ???
& Jamaica
Macron is full of this deadly coronavirus wagon drivers are more at risk of catching this virus from HIM .
SCOVID MORRISON IS DUST NOT A DISORDER 😫😫😫 ( I AM NOT THE ONLY ONE THAT HATES PADEOPHILES )
Uk after china
2021 is just going to be the out come of 2020
Why do we need these economy destroying restrictions for a virus that has an ~99% survival rate? Also, of the thousands of people passing that have deemed as covid deaths, a huge majority is just people testing positive within 48 hours of death, not dying as a result of symptoms. If it were truly a deadly horrendous pandemic, the media would not need to manipulate the death count to make it seem more severe. We also wouldn’t need a constant death count every day on the news to scare us. We’d know about it by witnessing it on the street. Not knowing about it just because the mainstream media told us so.  If lockdown was efficient, why has it taken three attempts and it’s still not working?  Why are thousands of medical professionals, scientists and doctors who have come out to say covid is NOT as deadly as being portrayed being silenced and censored? Shouldn’t it be open for debate?
Why are people travelling 🙄🙄🙄🙄?!
I thought shutting borders was racist. oh only when british people are being stopped its fine. got it.
I'm shocking in very poor countries who they don't have no roles why don't have no Covid 19?? Why Britain gone that far 😕
URGENT News about the Covid-19 Vaccine from the doc: https://brandnewtube.com/v/haLXfJ
The UK is now Billy No Mates of europe....all our own doing, and to top it, the dirty man of europe. Would you want us?. Hilarious.
You better get used to isolation. That's what Brexit is going to feel like
They would had this situation in hand if they took serious action from the start, Full 30 day lockdown, Nobody leaves their houses, All travel banned. Set up quarantine facilities for anyone entered the uk, fully tested. Instead they dragged it on for a year and we are the laughing stocks of the world.
MICROMAC PLAYING SILLY BREXIT GAMES
Quarantine the planet. That will contain viruses.
UK is overpopulated all the damn eu pp, flock to uk so ppl will vanished
Well done CHINA
THE BBC GLORIFYING IN THE CLOSED PORTS . MORE FEAR-MONGERING ANTI- BRITISH PROPAGANDA . WHEN DOING A LITTLE RESEARCH THE ANTI-BRITISH  PROPAGANDA IS TREACHEROUS .
As my dad used to say, all our problems come from Europe and all our solutions come from America.
Aum hiri shirthi vikrantans hum I
Dr Ojiefo is the only who could ever get my HERPES cured with his healing Herbs, i have tried almost everything but i couldn't find any solution on my disease, despite all these happening to me, i always spend a lot to buying HERPES drugs from hospital and taking some several medications but no relieve, until one day i was just browsing on the internet when i came across a great post of Patricia Linda who truly said that she was been diagnose with HERPES and was healed that very week through the help of these great powerful healing spell doctor, sometime i really wonder why people called him Dr Ojiefo so i give it a try and it also work out for me and i am free from my herpes illness so i am drop his email for any effected person to contact for the herbs Real. Drojiefoakhanolu@gmail. com Thanks
Stop speaking about Covid19. Just enough. It won´t go away, and people need to rebuild their lives and focus our attention to other issues
Bbc making a mountain out of a mole hill again, its obviously going to take a few weeks for the ports to get things in order. This is the remainers and the left trying to put pressure on boris thinking hes going to fold and accept a deal that then ties us to the EU. The remainers are the elite globalists who want the great reset and have complete control of every aspect of your lives its communism at its finest!
*Hysteria* designed to keep **you** *afraid.* Courtesy of the telecommunications wing of the British Government.
The left wing BBC still trying to spread project fear ............
Brexit was a mistake
i already gave up on ever getting cured of HSV2 because i have try many treatment none of them work out for me i have go to different hospital they always tell me same thing there is no cure for herpes when i came across a post about Dr Ojiefo in the net from a lady called Angela i contacted her and she reassured me with his herbal medicine which i took according to the way he instructed, that how i was cured. I doubted at first because i have been to a whole lot of reputable doctors, tried a lot of medicines but none was able to cure me. so i decided to listen to him and he commenced treatment, and under two weeks i was totally free from # Herpes. i want to say a very big thank you to DR Ojiefo for what he has done in my life. feel free to leave him a message on email Drojiefoakhanolu@gmail.com and also Whats-app him  +2349055497048 he also cure all this 1.HIV 2.AIDS HPV 3 .ALS 4. BED WETTINGDr Ojiefo is the only who could ever get my HERPES cured with his healing Herbs, i have tried almost everything but i couldn't find any solution on my disease, despite all these happening to me, i always spend a lot to buying HERPES drugs from hospital and taking some several medications but no relieve, until one day i was just browsing on the internet when i came across a great post of Patricia Linda who truly said that she was been diagnose with HERPES and was healed that very week through the help of these great powerful healing spell doctor, sometime i really wonder why people called him Dr Ojiefo so i give it a try and it also work out for me and i am free from my herpes illness so i am drop his email for any effected person to contact for the herbs Real. Drojiefoakhanolu@gmail. com Thanks
Anyone who thinks this is about Covid is a moron.
makes you laugh you would think it started here not china bet they still allow flights form there
Human lost the way of living in Nature! Who said democracy and country independent.....   Democracy and independence for Whom??Why you work hard? Are you slave? What you need until your end of living time ? Air, Water, Food, Clothes, Resident, Wife/Husband, Child, do you think these not enough to live honest and peaceful, truthful life!  Our satanic desires make us as slaves!  Do you think doctor's may save your lives? They also can't save their lives they also have to be dead! Political & medical system make for controlling the people as slaves!  Please realizing yourself in your mind then you can understand everything!  1st quality of god believers are respect humanity and honestly, don't lie or cheat any people in this world!   2nd don't divide the people by religions, natives, colour, languages all are human beings please realize the truth in yourself before you find the god in Temple/Church/Masjid/etc  Please Don't be a follower slave! Realize yourself which is right way and truth!  God is only one for all ! You can feel him in your 💖heart!  If you believe in god then you start to love everyone!  This world is for everyone! No one is slave here realize it!💖  Name given by human, make fear by human media and lockdown, control all people by corporate's governments for long term goals against humanity!  Do you believe mask & doctor, government control system may safe you?   So many viruses in the Air!  One of the virus you put name then do you think that is new one?   There are not realize yourself you never understand behind the virus politics all over the world! If you take medicine or not you must be die in one day!   Any human knowledge technology medical never know when you're going to be die and they can't save you & themselves!   Corona just a name no need to fear if you are realize yourself! Are you agreement with the virus if we stay in home then the virus never come inside of home? All medical system and political system made for control the innocent people....  Anyone can not save any human lives......  everyone must be die in your time is arrived ........   realize yourself in your mind .....  Please realize what is human knowledge limit????  Next minute what will happen anyone never know all in one god 's hand if you believe in god please realize truth and false......   god gives everything for our lives but we never understand and realize that!  If I take vaccine then I will not need to die ah?   Everyone must be die in your god given time will be arrived!  Doctors also have to be die!  They also can't save their lives themselves!  Human knowledge or anyone human can not save your live! please realize the truth in your mind yourself!  Satanic Medical and Government systems are fake they want to control you!   you never understand these until you throw your knowledge and other human knowledge and proud realize in your mind.....   human life is very easy (Food, water , air everything in Nature god's grace free but we never understand these) but  our desire and they control the land we can not become a independent living life when we understand these then you feel god grace in your mind! God is always with you don't worry!  He no need any symbolism and building !  He gives this world for everyone!  If you are taking  medicine & body care , exercise, control food or nothing you take also you have to be dead in a time he decided please remember and realize this!  Governments and medical system make you slave and slave until your mind is self realization you never know you are slave!  God gives us a beautiful Easter life for everyone but we never understand! please realize we are human we want humanity all over the place in world Anyone is not slave here!  Written with the God Grace Wisdom!
Brexit starts early
Human lost the way of living in Nature! Who said democracy and country independent.....   Democracy and independence for Whom??Why you work hard? Are you slave? What you need until your end of living time ? Air, Water, Food, Clothes, Resident, Wife/Husband, Child, do you think these not enough to live honest and peaceful, truthful life!  Our satanic desires make us as slaves!  Do you think doctor's may save your lives? They also can't save their lives they also have to be dead! Political & medical system make for controlling the people as slaves!  Please realizing yourself in your mind then you can understand everything!  1st quality of god believers are respect humanity and honestly, don't lie or cheat any people in this world!   2nd don't divide the people by religions, natives, colour, languages all are human beings please realize the truth in yourself before you find the god in Temple/Church/Masjid/etc  Please Don't be a follower slave! Realize yourself which is right way and truth!  God is only one for all ! You can feel him in your 💖heart!  If you believe in god then you start to love everyone!  This world is for everyone! No one is slave here realize it!💖  Name given by human, make fear by human media and lockdown, control all people by corporate's governments for long term goals against humanity!  Do you believe mask & doctor, government control system may safe you?   So many viruses in the Air!  One of the virus you put name then do you think that is new one?   There are not realize yourself you never understand behind the virus politics all over the world! If you take medicine or not you must be die in one day!   Any human knowledge technology medical never know when you're going to be die and they can't save you & themselves!   Corona just a name no need to fear if you are realize yourself! Are you agreement with the virus if we stay in home then the virus never come inside of home? All medical system and political system made for control the innocent people....  Anyone can not save any human lives......  everyone must be die in your time is arrived ........   realize yourself in your mind .....  Please realize what is human knowledge limit????  Next minute what will happen anyone never know all in one god 's hand if you believe in god please realize truth and false......   god gives everything for our lives but we never understand and realize that!  If I take vaccine then I will not need to die ah?   Everyone must be die in your god given time will be arrived!  Doctors also have to be die!  They also can't save their lives themselves!  Human knowledge or anyone human can not save your live! please realize the truth in your mind yourself!  Satanic Medical and Government systems are fake they want to control you!   you never understand these until you throw your knowledge and other human knowledge and proud realize in your mind.....   human life is very easy (Food, water , air everything in Nature god's grace free but we never understand these) but  our desire and they control the land we can not become a independent living life when we understand these then you feel god grace in your mind! God is always with you don't worry!  He no need any symbolism and building !  He gives this world for everyone!  If you are taking  medicine & body care , exercise, control food or nothing you take also you have to be dead in a time he decided please remember and realize this!  Governments and medical system make you slave and slave until your mind is self realization you never know you are slave!  God gives us a beautiful Easter life for everyone but we never understand! please realize we are human we want humanity all over the place in world Anyone is not slave here!  Written with the God Grace Wisdom!
Well, Brexiteers wanted to be isolated.  How does it feel?
Hahaha
Yet when Trump banned countries he was a racist.
Boris and Hancock have blood on their hands. What did they expect to happen. Idiots!
China virus 🦠 China is back to normal sweat markets are back open and the economy is booming
Isn't British isolationism exactly what the Brexiters wanted?
Most British people : "No worries, we'll get through it" BBC : " EVERYONE'S ABANDONING US. WE'RE ALL GOING TO DIE!!!" Give a rest BBC, for fucks sake.
The BBC is to blame as they are the biggest spreaders in the world.
BS new variant virus, it's all to do with Brexit and the central banksters and EU punishment.
https://brandnewtube.com/watch/urgent-news-about-the-covid-19-vaccine_botqwzI8R7UUVY2.html
I get the sense that all of a sudden, the UK wishes it was still part of the EU.
OBVIOUSLY there were will be MANY genetric mutations with COVID, this is everywhere in the world, spreading like wild-fire. It is IMPOSSIBLE that the UK is the only place where this has happened, its just the UK who has sequenced a new virus first. Buckle up chaps, this party is just getting started.
🤣🤣🤣🤣👎👎
With our own economy
Yeaaaaaa.....we are ukkk
They never banned travel from China last year.
how long will it last, weeks, monthes ?
Defund the BBC
Nowadays, if a person has a cough or flu due to a cold weather, all the experts say that it has corona symptoms. corona has gone into humans brain which cannot go away for a long period. politician around the world has promoted this event so much that they has some national and personal interests in it. No need to worry too much, everything will be fine when their goals are achieved.
Nowadays, if a person has a cough or flu due to a cold weather, all the experts say that it has corona symptoms. corona has gone into humans brain which cannot go away for a long period. politician around the world has promoted this event so much that they has some national and personal interests in it. No need to worry too much, everything will be fine when their goals are achieved.
Nowadays, if a person has a cough or flu due to a cold weather, all the experts say that it has corona symptoms. corona has gone into humans brain which cannot go away for a long period. politician around the world has promoted this event so much that they has some national and personal interests in it. No need to worry too much, everything will be fine when their goals are achieved.
Nowadays, if a person has a cough or flu due to a cold weather, all the experts say that it has corona symptoms. corona has gone into humans brain which cannot go away for a long period. politician around the world has promoted this event so much that they has some national and personal interests in it. No need to worry too much, everything will be fine when their goals are achieved.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SAJfmJYBBKY&t=13s
Only 3 weeks to flatten the curve 👌👍
This is nothing to do with a virus. This is genocide for the new world order.  Flu Scamdemic 1976!!! This is the FIFTH Scamdemic!!! https://youtu.be/InDPg9k7uRs
https://www.stopworldcontrol.com/en
But yet immigrants are still coming to the UK
iam not surprised what have you done boris really what have you done
We should have banned travel in and out of the UK till this shit was sorted out , the media is trying to make out that its the UKs fault the amount of people coming into the the country wiyhout being checked for covid is a joke . Chinese planes are landing all over the world nobody checks all the freight the pilots the passengers its still being spread from the original shit hole in China .
Fuck boris
Anybody going on holiday to other countries in todays climate clearly doesn't care about anything or anyone. Do better. What's the point if most of us isolate but then some dickhead wants to go to Spain..
Meanwhile test centres are empty every day but it’s on the rize 🤣🤣🤣🤣everyone needs too record test centres. An all the stopped lorry’s an planes you are making it worse because all the people waiting are in contact of each other now all because of government 🤦🏾‍♂️so now there is more risk of 🦠 because all people in one spot for so long🤦🏾‍♂️this shit ass government  Needs there golden spoon taken from them they know fuck alll
Britain, well deserved
2017 The UK had over 500k deaths reported.   2020 covid deaths are below 70k and I dont know but im sure the total excl covid of other deaths is below 430k? Question is was destroying millions or careers causing depression and debt into the billions worth it all for what is still a questionable outbreak?
O dear Lord please help us to remove all the corrupt and spineless leaders and corporates from the world starting from Trump to borris and narendra Modi to mark sucker berg. amen 🙏🏻 peace to humanity
Congrats brexiteers, I hope this was what you were after because this is what you’ll get even without the pandemic
If you have a Dinghy you can still come over to the U.K.
Project fear
There’s a pandemic yet people still travelling around tha place from country to country absolute madness
I’m not into conspiracy but I’ve been to Europe on holiday back in July and they don’t care about lockdown rules and now they don’t want brits
A more INFECTIOUS disease that kills at WHAT RATE?????
This is what the tories want, cut us off so they can pull their ruinous no deal brexshit and then blame the mess on the virus.  ** If bojo is talking, he is lying. **
Good, maybe the government will ACTUALLY take some proper action now
Too late, this new strain has already spread across the globe.  It just hasn't been detected yet.
Perhaps China should have been isolated in the same way right at the beginning of this problem so as to save the rest of the world being dragged down into an economic abyss. Yet flights out of the originating country and other infected countries, and into the UK, are still allowed to continue to this day. The rank hypocrisy is nauseating.
DEADLY INFECTIOUS DISEASE WITH 1%INFECTION RATE, 99% SURVIVAL RATE, IVERMECTIN USED WORLDWIDE AS SUCCESSFUL PROPHYLAXIS.. WAKE UP SHEEPLE, THE AGENDA IS THE GREAT COMMUNIST RESET WWG1WGA TRUMP 2Q2Q
Yes China is responsible for the virus (and in my life time all kind of viruses originated from China). However China is not responsible for making all these Western leaders to be so spineless. It is beyond belief seeing leaders in these so-called "developed" countries to be so inept and incompetent. No vision, no rationality. Policies are based on hysteria (fanned by irresponsible media). Actually these days, people seem to be happier in what people used to say as "irrelevant" countries.
This isn't the first time in history that Christmas has been cancelled , look it up and suck it up 🍻
It's a Brexit Spanking ....we were very naughty ...we voted Leave   this scenario was predicted long before the Covid
Notice the infection rates were coming down in November following a more open period of going about our lives. Infection rates have gone up since the last national lockdown in November. This proves lockdowns don't work wouldn't you think!?!
The world was on the front foot with a vaccine. At the same time, the virus mutates and during brexit. Hmmmmmmmmm. I can't be the only one who finds this a little bit supspect
Crazy that some people were even intending going abroad in the first place-I live on my own and I'm feeling guilty that I'm getting a bus on Xmas eve 50 miles to my parents for Xmas despite having quarentined for 6 days and getting a lift home after xmas
HOW is it more transmissible? please explain,  also theres 20,000 variants known so far.... all of which are no worse than the flu.  2nd wave? no its just  ANOTHER SEASON .  oh & the WHO reposts no  flu cases worldwide since April 2020 - https://www.who.int/influenza/gisrs_laboratory/updates/summaryreport_20201109/en/   so maybe its all just types of flu being called something new? no excess mortality according to the Office of national statistics in the UK:- 2016                                490,791 2017                                498,882 2018                                505,859   2019                                496,370 2020(to October)          469,182  https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/birthsdeathsandmarriages/deaths/datasets/monthlyfiguresondeathsregisteredbyareaofusualresidence  all facts, all not told to you by mainstream media & the government....why?
See it as test run for brexit.
Covid isolation is not growing people are taking no notice of your BBC bull, communitys where I live are getting together and enjoying Xmas 🥳🥳🥳🥳😃😃😃💯%
Give it  a few more days and most or all of these country's will find they have the new strain anyway. We might have been the first to identify it here in the UK but that's just down to how far ahead we are in studying this virus. Do i believe it originated in the UK,  nope not  one bit. About France in particular. they have banned all rail, air. road and sea links with the UK, I wonder if it extends to illegal migrants crossing the channel.
Stop spreading the virus. step 1. Stop Watching TV
And people are still believe in this bad theater? C'mon folks! 10 months in and you still take this shit at face value! Wake the fuck up, please! 😂
1:34 Bizarre that Istanbul has a precise reduced 'safe' distance of just 1.8m. Wonder if everyone gets issued with tape measures in order to comply?
Boris!!!🇬🇧
2012年世界末日是错的，世界末日是2021年
This new variant had appeared in Spain Australia and other EU country’s but we were the only one to inform the World health organisation ,our European friends just might be punishing us I wonder why?
Piss off bbc. It was identified in the UK......It's been around the world. Fake news as per.
Shame everyone didn't offer China the same courtesy at the beginning... This load can not be unspunked ffs.
micrscopic images of varient please???!?
Macron the idiot trying to show he's being strong with the uk...wot a jerk
yes bcoz the new varient knows a calender now. wow its more intelligent than tje original where it knew when it was 10pm in the pubs
It’s a lie. I travelled yesterday- no police at all the media lie
Firstly everyone says look at  Britain its got the virus who's to say it didn't come from the other countries to the UK but didn't know they had it until we did then blamed us. Is it the same strain as the Burmese virus or is there one different again and if so then how did it get here.
Boris: i told you, we should do herd immunity 🐮
This is the BBC. If you want the truth about this, go here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iH_zCLciMI&t=711s
BBC woke anti lefty bull once again.
Our leaders are criminals.
this is not about brexit i am Sure or ?
So “variant” will be the new buzz word to scare everyone I’m guessing?
Its already in other countries, except we were the only country with the balls to publicise it.Just mass hysteria by other countries who haven't detected it yet (fools). Our EU 'friends' and little man Macron are now using it as an excuse to flex their muscles with regard to Brexit and saying look what can happen if you walk away with no deal.
This _"New strain"_ of the virus was first found in Brazil in September. Why did no-one stop going there or allowing people from there?
Funny how this isn’t happening anywhere else other than Western Europe and the US...
0.43 Have they just finished shift for CSI furensics on murder scene!!! WTF...
ISOLATION!! ISOLATED!! Growing ISOLATION!! Do you think they want us to feel, I don't know...isolated? Geez.
Bloody disgrace I demand the right to spread the virus to share is to care.
Yeah, who were all these people travelling? I thought we weren't supposed to even be travelling around this country.
As of 19 March 2020, COVID-19 is no longer considered to be a high consequence infectious diseases (HCID) in the UK. when are people going to relise they are being tested how weak they are... rise up against your goverment say no and revolt...  https://web.archive.org/web/20200330090938/https://www.gov.uk/guidance/high-consequence-infectious-diseases-hcid
too late
Click for real news     https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kFMPIcoKEYg&t=9s
I wonder if ANYONE has worked out why government has not done one single thing to let people know how much risk of infection is linked to visiting a supermarket?
Ban the BBC.................DO NOT PAY FOR A TV LICENCE!
Covid-20 https://youtu.be/8N_y300KofY
Fake plandemic, the vaccine is that safe the manufacturers are immune to public liability,  ignore dodgy UK government, ban the BBC.
Fake news making out like it started here keep watching this BBC Shit
Lies other country’s have the same COVID-19 not just England
Now Covid-20 and next year covid-21
BBC 'likes' have changed dramatically in recent times. We see through u.
Lol. This is the  perfect one two- give with one hand  and take with the other. They knew about the new strain in Italy in September/October. Turning of the screw. More fearporn. Look at deaths and hospitalisations. They want you to say yes to the experimental vax and say yes to freedom/health passports. Show your papers or you wont travel, go to concerts etc. WAKE UP TO THE MANIPULATION!
This "new" strain was discovered months ago. This is just a ploy to take the blame off Brexit when there are shortages in January.
These fucks are at it ....its more about brexit than anything else
Hey , do you think we can sue The media outlets for blowing things out of proportion, False reporting with Bogus statistics and ruining Christmas?
The globalists want to take out Brexit. The new strain is already in several other countries and continents. We are being punished for identifying it.
oh this elite secret society are making a bigger plans..as people start refusing the toxic vaccination..so now they creating in their laboratories a new dangerous viruses..i wish Almighty God destroy these terrorists..the real murderers
We will probably  pay compensation  to the world for starting new strain!!
Are these countries banning travel to the USA too seeing how it is far worse?
Tier 4 until we accept this vaccine....  watch this space..that'll be the bext part of this.....
It is all bullshit, the government is lying, this is not what they are making it out to be
As soon as Brexit is finalised Covid will disappear.
BOYCOTT ALL FRENCH PRODUCTS !!!! DON'T BUY FRENCH PRODUCTS !!!
Let's be honest this 'new' strain is pretty much everywhere already. Its just the UK has some of the most advanced genome sequencing in the world so has been able to detect it.
#christmasaintcancelled https://youtu.be/mcRu8gI-nfY
They’re gonna try bring us to our knees. Maybe this is what’s needed to get people stood up
You only need to do 2 simple things to avoid the fake flu.... Take vitiman D supplements and switch off the lame stream media. This is not the news all so called news is fabricated nonsense....
I wish the old Covid virus was back. I was comfortable before this new variant.
NWO agenda 21 covid lies, hunger games next
Load of rubbish. No new virus at all, just to try to get people to have the vax.
Citizens did you know that the first nurse to have taken this vaccine died ten hours after?  What you need to understand is the majority of officials you see taking this vaccine are not it's all acting, if you go back and watch you'll see one man has is sleeves rolled down and not up in others you could see the retractable needle lol got to laugh. Even pence when he had his done the Dr was covering the needle so you couldn't really see it going in then the Dr put the needle behind pences back and squeezed the vaccine out lol. People open you're eyes and ears just say no to this vaccine where nearing the end of this scamdemic so just sit tight.
2.4k likes. That's a lot of fake accounts. 77th Brigade !!!!
Bbc & labour mp want test centre, washing facilities and wc’s building on m20 and after labour mp on radio 5 live told London residents to get on trains to get out of London before deadline after boris announced tire 4, what could go wrong ?
This is getting beyond pathetic. How sad to read some of these comments - too many half wits still think this is about a flu virus. 3,2,1 and you’re back in the room.
Petty little eu lol because they can’t get there own way 😂
I just hope that the army reserves get call in now stop all transportation land sea and air shut down all schools and clean the streets everyone on house arrest yes it's very harsh indeed but it is going to be the only way to put a stop to all this the government hasn't got a clue you would think they would learn from history and treat this as a bio airborne weapon come on Boris grow a pair and get the job done
But it’s obvious it didn’t start here it’s most likely came from main land Europe this is bs
Everyone PLEASE look at THE OFFICE OF NATIONAL STATISTICS A UK GOVERNMENT WEBSITE for the register of birth and deaths in England and Wales ( literally ALL Death certificates issued not just Covid)  THIS YEAR'S NUMBERS ARE SLIGHTLY DOWN on the past FIFTEENTH YEAR'S example 2018 had  45.000 more deaths. Covid is a cover story for something else.
Thought that's what people wanted: Island UK and banning migrants....or was that banning incoming migrants? Oh well
this sums up why most of the world haven't dealt with coronavirus, the strain is probably more prevalent in places like Italy, Germany and America the only difference is we have  done the most analysis and made a national television broadcast about it  which has caused this panic
99.5% survival rate
The great reset. Agenda 21. Wake up!
top German virologist Christian Drosten said that the panic over the new strain was apparently premature, since there was no hard evidence suggesting it was indeed that highly contagious or that it was responsible for the UK’s sharp rise in new cases.
I was told that every achievement begins with a decision to try, ignorance destroys so many opportunities, I’m a victim but I was convinced by the right person of Mr. Benardo Hill who helped me achieve this gold through btc and forex trade, to be part of this, whatsapp him on +17277555702
I was told that every achievement begins with a decision to try, ignorance destroys so many opportunities, I’m a victim but I was convinced by the right person of Mr. Benardo Hill who helped me achieve this gold through btc and forex trade, to be part of this, whatsapp him on +17277555702  I enjoyed this privilege alone, it shows how grateful I am because I got a sneak preview of a post online as well and that I also saw, all thanks to the good work of Mr. Benardo Hill  who helped me make good profit in btc and forex trade, +17277555702 is the WhatsApp number contact him to change your success story
I was told that every achievement begins with a decision to try, ignorance destroys so many opportunities, I’m a victim but I was convinced by the right person of Mr. Benardo Hill who helped me achieve this gold through btc and forex trade, to be part of this, whatsapp him on +17277555702  I enjoyed this privilege alone, it shows how grateful I am because I got a sneak preview of a post online as well and that I also saw, all thanks to the good work of Mr. Benardo Hill  who helped me make good profit in btc and forex trade, +17277555702 is the WhatsApp number contact him to change your success story
RIOT RIOT RIOT!
Why are people still travelling around like this when I'm only allowed out of my house to get food. What the heck is going on?
welcome to early Brexit
Everything for Great Reset.
it's all over Europe as well and it's even in Australia it's been out for months it's just that Britain has identified it as a new stain  so what are the same country's imposing the travel ban doing about their own contamination which it looks to be worldwide Britain only identified it as a new strain it was already in other continents
China’s government was not the only one that took extreme measures to protect its citizens  from risk and exposure. During the pandemic, national leaders around the world flexed their  authority and imposed airtight rules and restrictions, from the mandatory wearing of face  masks to body-temperature checks at the entries to communal spaces like train stations and  supermarkets. Even after the pandemic faded, this more authoritarian control and oversight  of citizens and their activities stuck and even intensified. In order to protect themselves from  the spread of increasingly global problems—from pandemics and transnational terrorism to  environmental crises and rising poverty—leaders around the world took a firmer grip on power. Rockafella foundation 2010
1:06 But "Ireland has announced a 48-hour ban on flights arriving from the UK"  But Ireland is the UK.
You trust media you trust every shit
CCP :HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zccY4LBsdMg
sickman of Europe
Best part 2:31
Banning people going out of the UK - What about coming in? Fly into Manchester -Can't even speak English - Stay home. - March should have been closing OUR borders. Very odd that we are the only nation to have started this strain. Brexit pushing or what. Or has the so called vaccine made it mutate? Nice that France shut the border, if only they done that with the illegal immigrants coming over the channel that they turn a blind eye to. "For the travel industry" in the video - WE are locked down so there shouldn't be any at all. Its called tough shit.
Hard brexit...
Biowarfare!
Hey guys, do you know what CCP fake news name the virus now? They name it British variant virus now. Did you remember that this virus was named Wuhan Virus? Then the WHO renamed it to COVID-19. Now it calls British variant virus. Maybe 2 years later the world remembers that the virus name British variant virus but forget that it was named Wuhan Virus. That is brainwash. Know the horror of CCP now? Wake up please, don’t feed this evil anymore!
What a backfire  this scare mongering has been with this new stain ..another Boris fuck up.
"shit-show" britain deserves isolating for the miserable hovel that it is and has always been!
"What? Me worry?" - Alfred E Newman
C h a s i n g  t h e  D r a g o n   in a public convenience , the BBC.
Make people wear masks everywhere if not make them pay 1k problem solved with Corona .
The closure of London was unconstitutional. The human rights situation in the UK has deteriorated as never before. International human rights groups have strongly condemned the British government's actions. Boris Johnson is responsible for this.
Insane marxist mainstream media supporting an insane power crazed marxist government. A pox on all their houses. #DefundTheBBC
The BBC is as British as a tee pee.
If that new strain was detected back in September (2:30), Why this sh*tty banns now, why Christmas??
Has anybody stopped to think how weird it is? There’ll be some bloke, sat on his is,and, saying that “he took over the world...?
THEY NEED VITAMIN C ...URGENT (Pineapples ,, Apples,  Oranges etc)   VITAMIN C IS A GOOD SHIELD
Should have done this ages ago and we wouldn’t be in this mess now.
This was done to keep a gap between the rich and poor with evil intentions. Stay safe everyone this covid 19 takes lives and when the vaccine is here take the jab. These conspiracies about covid 19 vaccination is BOGUS the only truth from Covid 19 is it will keep a HUGE gap between the rich and poor. remember the saying "rich get richer poor get poorer" Billionaires/Millionaire are taking advantage of this situation while the poor will suffer devastating effects of this.
High time this joke of a 'democracy' was dismantled. There's never been a more limp-wristed, spineless and arrogant betrayal of the public trust by a few own arse-sniffing troglodytes. Wring them and their cronies dry.
Enforced restrictions💯😎https://youtu.be/ipLFlQMa3NY
Things are getting desperate around the world
2020: Wu Han Virus 2021: London Virvus
London Virus don't travel around
COVID 23 anyone?
Why didn’t we ban flights from China when this all started? Then Italy when it spread there? Being an island.... we could have literally prevented ANY infection here.... but we did nothing. By the way.... has anyone noticed that all the lockdowns and mask wearing etc have done nothing to stop the spread? Anyone noticed? So what’s the point of all this? Is it REALLY about a bad form of flu? Or is something evil happening RIGHT NOW? I’m starting to wonder.
Brexit came 1 week earlier
Good job Boris 😂
Shame china didn't do this
September!? Thought the variant was a new finding? Like witin the last few weeks
#BorisJohnson FUC<  YOU +OTHER  FUC<  YOU ARE ALL PLANING  THIS WITH  CHINA , GERMANY,  FUNDATION CLINTON,  ANG GEORGE  SOLO , BRITISH  PEOPLE  ARE BLIND
Eat the rich 🍽️ eat the rich 🍽️
Eat the rich 🍽️eat the rich 🍽️
Propaganda as usual... How can they claim there is a new variant of a virus that has NEVER been isolated to begin with ???  Also how are these vaccines being made when the target virus has NEVER been isolted ? Covid ONLY exsists as a computer generated 3D model period. This scam is not going to end unless people wake up. This is all orchastrated to pave the way for agenda 21/2030. And something is coming that is real and probably in the vaccines but if look at deagel.com which has affiliations with military etc they have a prediction chart for 2025 populations and worlwide there is a HUGE reduction in population. America for one , currently 300 + million and the prediction for 2025 is 69 million total population ... Do they know something we dont ?
We're an island.....it'll be ok
You wanted Brexit? Fine: here it is
Merry Christmas. Wishes frim china
Communism in the name of a virus...
V
go to australia,  no ban
Us in ni have no influence over the 26 counties over the EU.. Sorry fellas  they do what the EU tells them to
COVID-19: Dr. Pierre Kory Pushes for Approval of ( Ivermectin )Treatment For Covid-19. No need for under tested vaccines. This drug has been proven and tested. All is required is a course of low- cost tablets that is already available from your local chemists . Stops Covid-19 spreading and cures 100% even in the most seriously ill Covid-19 patients. it's not a new drug its has been extensively used throughout Africa for the treating parasitical diseases in humans and animals. William C. Campbell was awarded the Nobel prize in 2015 for Ivermectin. No more need for lockdowns or test and trace or restrictions or facemasks. you only need treat the sick. the young and healthy can get natural immunity. Also we do not have to keep taking it, it's a cure. The vaccine is a money drain and only treats symptoms. Very profitable for pharmaceutical company's just like lots of cancer treatments. Let's see if the government embraces ivermectin. This is the shield for the vulnerable that the drug dealers in government wanted.
It all lies spread by EU countries as there are relations with the fail trade UK Brexit deals with them. There no validation about this strain covid. It was similar rumours like last early August about the corona had mutated. Don’t believe it UK people! The real pandemic is the Fear! Stay apart 1.5 if can, wash hands regularly and only eat immune booster foods and keep clean and healthy lifestyle!
Thanks for sharing ❤️
I thank god i dont know anyone with covid 19.we need too stop covid now befor ot wipes out the world
Facking can't
seeing everyone crowed together at 1:10 and people still sit there on social media and blame households and restaurants. shame they didn't lockdown air travel as quick the first time or we wouldn't be in the miss. they have done everything backwards
Papers reporting that Neil Ferguson only resigned from Sage after it was revealed he broke lockdown rules to meet his married lover - as minutes now show he stayed on NERVTAG. At the time, the government was clear he had quit *all* government advisory roles, including NERVTAG.
Its never ending story..They see it works so they will continue this bullshit.
*NEW PM @ TIER 5*
Interviewing people with masks on? - now MSM can REALLY depict people saying what they want...
Well, there goes 2021....This is so fu*ked!
The media made it worst.....
What have we become !!
So, after thousands of people are infected via vaccination with an attempted copy the viral RNA, the structure of which was only ever done by consensus of several teams guesses (each by thier preferred compilation of various segments imported from a range of differing databases of RNA codes) as to what the actual RNA code ever was (CDC documents confirm no copies of the actual viral RNA have ever been available, as the virus itself was never isolated, and even the rt-pcr test only tested for a guess as to what the RNA actually is), we have a new version of the virus. Is it not a likely possibly that the viral RNA was mutated in one or more human vaccine candidates' cells by adjoining with one of the various vaccine guesswork (or damaged by not being stored at -70C) RNA strands, as it cannot be determined for sure that those vaccinated were not already infected, especially as post trial/approval no testing was done to ensure infected people were not vaccinated. Alternatively, intracellular viral assembly of the capsid protein may have picked up and included the protein 'spike' created from the guesswork vaccine RNA strand, resulting in a new version of the virus that may now mean already immune people are able to become reinfected. Injection of viral RNA into a population is never a good idea, as RNA mutates, after which there is no way of return to prior virus. Whoever thought this was a good idea, especially for a virus that was asymptomatic in 80% of the cases and had already spread around the world, meaning most people had already become immune?
So 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔u open after 48hrs  What u agenda really    So u Muppets are saying 48hrs it go away  Please glad 2020 over but not ask it better u lie to public 🙊🙉🙈
Scamdemic wake up
Is this to do with us an Brexit?
Covid-19: 2020 is over Ebola: Wait for me Yellow Disease: and me!
Macron clearly didn't think long enough to figure out that he was hurting his own lorry drivers driving home for Christmas as well as all the other EU European countries and Ireland, Just like his decision not to agree our territorial waters are ours and to not agree a deal will scupper his own fishing industry rather than still allowing them to fish under licence!  I hope he is making more sensible decisions at home for the sake of ordinary French people or he will find he is booted out and Marine Le Penn will be happy to take over and be even more happy to be able to work well with the Brits!
Good this should be permanent, ban people from coming over here
Viruses mutate all day long, it's what they're good at. Maybe more contagious but not more deadly. No advantage in killing the host. This is just a case of the government listening to a bunch of idiots with no real scientific evidence to back their claims regarding variants. In case the public get too complacent let's make them sit up by cancelling Christmas. This could run on . . . wave 5 variant 16 etc. Watch this space
LOOL old new france wish they had not done this now they are open loool wake up putt new news on not old
We banned people leaving first so its not anything new. Equally people won't come in which is far more important and other countries are playing catchup
Is ireland sleeping???
The BBC can't hide their joy at bad things happening to the UK. But wonder why we want them defunded.
They discovered the new variant in September and it took them another 3 months to announce it? Great timing Boris, you couldn't wait another week and spread the panic after Christmas?
Bloody foreigners.
Nice what a surprise that the EU is stamping its feet time to Ban all german Car Imports without any delay.
Sorry but I belive its time the vacine goes to those that that actually still bring income to the country! All persons that are retired have to stay at home ! All those lorry drivers and commercial pilots and any one else that keeps the flow off food and materials to the UK should get it !!
I don't blame those countries man 😔
...soon be Easter
The U.K., led by a flip flopping liar.  Well done brexit & Tory voters.
Please this Christmas say a little prayer 🙏 for the french lorry driver's stuck in the UK now and can't get home  😂 I'm pretty sure that border will open up very soon now.
Boring 🎄
I bet this will be used to make the vaccine MANDATORY
Total martial law coming food shortages...vaccine identification.  Total control...and our own spineless obedient fellow men allowed this to happen. Thanks for ruining your children's future.  Bravo
just an idea of whats to come(brexitville)
Ivermectin
All wirus's mutate.
It's down to health reasons so even if we were still in the EU they will be doing the same thing as it will still be health reasons,they would not be like it's ok your part of EU it's ok to infect us 🤣 covid Brexit scare mongering media.
This is fantastic news... There are thousands of Europeans from with flights to the UK late December before transition period ends so they can lock in their residency to work/claim in the UK. Now their plans are scuppered and won't be able to get here until January
I hope all you politicians die alll
The Brits: we want brexit Covid 19: let me help you
Good keep the money in the UK 😁
Bill Gates and Amazon want your children
https://youtu.be/GsedPSI-PHg
Better get used to seeing this come January 2021.
Amusingly the vast majority of lorries stashed in Kent,are returning continental lorries,empty, after delivering overpriced EU imports.
Pesky bats
The Virus hasn't caused this mayhem..... Politicians caused it by following The Great Reset agenda.  This is your Government surrendering to a foreign unelected organisation, the World Economic Forum.   Boris,  Sturgon guilty of TREASON.
Take back control 😆👍 rip UK good look on your own lmao
BBC isolation.... grows fear, are they real, good job nobody believes them
I'd be loving it if I was banned from travelling back to the UK. I wish I could leave it. Joke of a Leader.
Why ban travel when it was first found in September? Do they really thunk that the new strain isn't already there?
Locking it all down yet I just seen news saying it will open boarders again for delivers in next 24 hours 😂  the virus will reach all over the world with in a month
check this out https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQiNXFfbGa0
So china has given us all another strand of covid in the UK  we should not have this many people flying in and out of are country wonder how many migrants test positive.
So the globalists, via their puppets/stooges in the French administration and that of the EU, are actually _blockading_ the UK under the pretence of "stopping covid". Well, well.
Interesting that yesterday we still had flights landing from all of the countries from which we are banned.
Covid 19 is all B,S nothing but mind games 🙈🙉🙊👀👍
All flu's mutate - so to sell it like a panic mode is playing right into france and the EU's hands - notice they used our own news media to block our trade route - how does that help - while still gifting us the best and brightest migrants of questionable gender
It's the French macron spreading it because he is not getting the fish
Show us the science, we dont trust Johnson and Hancocks lies
STOP with the scaremongering and lies. Typical MSM feeding half a story to the country. France sticks on sanctions under the guise of protecting themselves from Covid. Okay then, why haven't France closed the Belgian border? These are Sanctions over fishing pure and simple. Anyway if this lefty mouthpiece would report it and not scaremonger, then we would all have the comfort the freight form Belgium and Spain is still getting here. Dover isn't the only bloody port in England you know. And France have plenty to lose as well, like 47% of wine exports for a start. The mutant virus didn't even start here, it came from either Brazil or South Africa. It wasn't detected here in September, it was SOUTH AFRICA.
More fear mongering fantastic 👍
If Boris wants to cancel Christmas then we should start the Ban Boris Campaign. London pubs and restaurants should give Boris a lifetime ban.  The New Yorkers have already done this to Governor Cuomo. He has officially been shutdown from dining out in NYC.
we people vote for trump ,he,s our last president, UK USA,trump over turn this ,fraud, lent son ,dodgy fraud laptops hidden www.infowars.com pass this true freedom of expression,my faith don't let given ,Hillery Clinton,all proper fraud ,
Anyone that bans us i would ban them...
How I’ll continue to travel now 🥲
https://brandnewtube.com/v/x2de2t
COVID: this isn't even my final form
As predicted months and months ago by Kill Gates "what we doing now is to prepare for next virus which will gain some attention heheheh". Oh brave new world!
The EU has shut its borders to the UK, saying the virus has mutated, and they are not talking about Covid-19 they are talking about Nigel Farage. This new deadly variant is travelling all over Kent building what is known as Farage-Garages,.
FREE JULIAN ASSANGE
IMPORTANT MESSAGE ON COVID19 - If you are in uk or a country with #Coronavirus, you should get the HERBSACTIVE #Covid-19 Vaccine to save you and your family from bad health or the worst case. Rush down to order yours instantly HERBSACTIVE. C.O.M. before it is too late. The new strain is deadlier and can make you blind or make you go to greater beyond. Of course, the country needs to be isolated, so get yours today.
Soo schools are still open
Goodbye! Covid -19. Hello!  Covid 2021!!!! WTF!!!
India also banned uk travel, wish India did it centuries ago, wouldn't have been looted by the brits!
2:15 you known what else is a shame? not having family members to celebrate Christmas you dumb fuk! cant go without celebrations... gotta party all year long! dumb ass fuk! when somebody from your family dies than I wanna hear you say its a shame!
😂
look at the ears on Him
Less people Died in the UK this year than 2019 and 2018 yet the Country is in Lockdown?
I don’t believe the news anymore, they use language which dramatise the situation. All virus mutate that’s how they counter act the natural antibodies. The protein spike learns as the virus develops but so do the antibodies. I honestly believe that governments across Europe are trying to stop travel at a time when so many people travel to be with loved ones. This is about ICU beds Vs the R-naught number. It’s a simple equation, rate of infection Vs the number of ICU beds. The worlds health services are not set up for pandemics. It’s about protecting health services so people are not dying out of hand and putting health services under threat which in turn would put governments under threat from general public reactions. However they don’t want to tell you the correct information, they will deflect from fact with semi fact by using slight of hand tactics.
March 2020 italy  was  the  problem...december  2020 UK is  the  problem, who  is  the  next?? NOT  China, Russia, Usa of  course 😏 How  many lies again.....This  is  a horrible  game!!!!😤
Fuck you BBC
fake all fake
typical BBC to use a crisis to pursue it's agenda why would anyone travel overseas at the moment
Apparently, the travel Industry is devastating!
What's wrong with people  No one cares for social distance  Clearly you can tell by watching this video
Organic Brexit.
it’s not about virus is about Brexit
More bs , they have not even managed to isolate covid 19
More like they don’t want us to leave the eu
On the map, all countries where the new Corona variant is detected are coloured red. . . except England. 👎
Bollocks reporting!
It's not a shame , can video call , we know how difficult it is , if we dont control how will it end
Oh dear has there been some kind of issue with a deadly virus or something? Like for a year? The UK government has 'got to build confidence' cos then it will all be fine
FUCK OFF BBC. ROCKERRELLER LOCKSTEP
I’m hoping There’s a national lockdown after Christmas and we won’t come out of lockdown until this is gone or we are going to be doing these 1 month lockdowns for a hell of a long time
And these idiots said if we leave the eu there would be no food in the shops lol
just ban the united kingdom from world travel , that way we can kill this covid and get back to business of the british kind . we never needed europe anyway, keep all britain locked up till there are no cases , screw the neighbours across the water . all these selfish folk wanting to go abroad , can't they wait , the longer it last the longer this crap will continue.
COVID-19 really loves cold temperate countries, if so, then stop going outside, mate!!!
God mode Brexit activated.
Brexit on virus
F. The rest of Europe. Who wants to travel there anyway. This has nothing to do with the virus, it's the EU trying to make us obey them, won't work, you sad a holes. The U.K. Will be back, big time, and we will remember who our friends are.
got i a taxi in glasgow today and the driver told me his dad and uncle are just back from pakistan and both have tested positive for covid   we dont stand a chance unless they close the airports down asap  linda w
I think government hyped up the new virus strain to keep us in line over Christmas....but it's backed fired,,we are being isolated by the whole world...😎
Agenda 2030 👍9 yrs early 👍
xxx... .. .End  COVID-19 … Now.   Directory of  Doctors curing   thousands  of  outpatients … fast.   https://www.exstnc.com
So much for a vaccine. Looks like even after taken a quickly rushed vaccine that we don't know what long term side effects it may have, and you'll still be on lockdown and expected to follow the rules. So much for the light at the end of the tunnel they promised you fools.
the level of stupidity in the comments is off the scale
So the face mask are doin Notting waste off time
Isolation grows as more cancel the licence
Lies lies lies wake up people fcs
Amazing Testimony of God completely Curing  Pancreatic Cancer!!! My name is Dae Gyung Kim. I am the head pastor  of Sarang Jeil Church in Ban Weul Dong,  Hwaseong city, Gyeongi province.  Our church is part of The General Assembly  of Presbyterian Church in Korea.     I was diagnosed with the deadly pancreatic cancer.  One morning I collapsed suddenly and was rushed  to the S Hospital in Seoul. Doctors told me I should begin to make  my funeral arrangements. The cancer cells had already spread  throughout my lymph nodes,  stomach and intestines,  and brain so there was no chance for me to survive.  I received a death sentence. But God healed me miraculously.  Through earnest request I once again received  a CT scan, an MRI, a spinal examination,  a radiation examination, a blood test, etc.  These detailed tests revealed  that all the cancer cells  had completely disappeared from my body.    Doctors said that this was impossible  and that it was a miracle. I did not even go through  with the 36 chemotherapy treatments  that doctors ordered me to have. But a medically impossible healing did happen to me.  Only by God’s grace did I receive healing from cancer. I was given the gift to heal diseases through intercessory prayer. I want to upload my testimony to YouTube  to be a witness to the living God’s power  I recorded a short, two minute testimony in both Korean  and English so that this truth could be proclaimed  over the whole world.  I’m so filled with thanks  that I am using the comment section  to let everyone know what I have experienced. Surely God the creator is alive  and is in control of all things.  Please watch this video  and share it with people close to you  and let them know that there is a way to live. For those who desire their illness to be healed,  If you leave your prayer requests  in the YouTube comment section of  <Reverend Dae Kyung Kim healing prayer>.  We will pray on your behalf every Sunday at 4PM. For English speakers,  you may upload your prayer requests in English as well. I hope you live a long and healthy life  and afterwards, we are able to meet in heaven.  (Youtube search : Pancreatic Cancer Healing Testimony)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40umFI1kNmM        https://youtu.be/c7KIRrd-crQ  https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=3292347897527125&id=100002558412409  If you request a healing prayer by comment,  I will pray in order within 30 minutes.  Please write your name along with the prayer topic.  I call each and every one to pray.  Please watch the healing testimony  and YouTube video posted at the beginning  of the comment and pray with faith.  The healing prayer time starts at 4pm every week.  It proceeds once a week at the same time in order.  I will continue to pray for those who requested prayer even during the morning prayer time every day.  Please pray with Amen as you listen to the healing prayer video every day.  If you pray for not only yourself, but for other patients, you will be healed.  My wife, Kim Myung-sook, was also cured of diabetes while praying with tears for curing the diseases of the saints.  I believe that God will hear you  if you repent of all sins and pray  with a pure heart.  Please recover your health and devote your life to the church  you attend and live a blessed life. Healing is done by God...
Well 2020 is coming to its end... May 2021 begin.....
Infectious not deadly! The government have failed so many people and not to mention the children that have killed them selves this year because of their actions over a virus with over 99% recovery rate. Shame on you losing votes fast!
Shouldn't be like this. People should be allowed freedoms. People should be allowed to go where they like.  I say look after yourselves, wear a mask and keep away from people who don't care, look after the elderly in the homes. Protect the venerable, but not heard us around like bloody mindless sheep and destroy our way of life.
Every year we have a new strain of flu virus, never shut down the borders for that
We are riding in the same boat UK. Hang in there. Stay safe!
So far over 2000 variants have been recorded.  The one in Britain is one of the very few that has been researched thoroughly.  Without doubt some of these variants will be more deadly.
If u deport Muslims, you will be corona free
I bet it’s nothing to do with Virus! It’s Brexit! EU PUNISHING US
All planned , announce it just because Christmas for maximum effect . Of course our government knew what the global reaction would be . U.K has been turned into a prison , all locked in and under complete control . Yet there are people out there that believe this is all legit and the government are really protecting us against a fast spreading virus.
Hello, is the Mutation a result of the Vaccine?
Well this is gonna work out well for the economy.
Coming to a country near you soon in 2021 , in 4k
Wow more MSM  bullshit from the BBC. There are many ports used in UK all year .This does not effect trade at all. France are always having blockades. Vaccine is not exported by lorries. The lorries effected are foreign lorries so it's hurting the EU . Again 3rd rate news ignoring the facts. The BBC should definitely be refunded asap....
In the past, Britain exported drugs to foreign countries. Now it exports viruses to foreign countries.
I've been holiday 6 times this year and not quarantined because covid is Bollocks. Come at me trolls. Come at me 😂
its Not Dangerous  the  BBC news Made it Dangerous
For all those that voted leave to stop them foreigners from getting in.  Congrats, we're all banned from leaving the UK now.   Who's betting they're shitting themselves especially since they're now banned from going Benidorm?
Bullshit , it's all a big conspiracy !
This is why people are going to Dubai
I like this guy's ears.
france punishes britain for not doing the good deal like licking backside
The most important thing is that the virus mutated at night and only Boris determined it, all the doctors are silent.
The government are loving it. Agenda is to destroy the country and everyone in it and by God they are doing a good job. And people day they are incompetent
Such disrespect to close borders without warning. Poor people!
WE ARE AN ISLAND HOW CAN WE NOT STOP A VIRUS SPREADING SHUT THE BORDERS ANYWAY EXCEPT FOR FOOD SND FET RID OF THIS SHIT
A complete farce. How people believe this beats me
Actually trading was not easy for me. I lost a lot of money about $1000 also a lot of money to trading assistants and copy traders I almost give up on forex trading. But a friend of mine introduced me to a good broker,, at first I thought It was another way of wasting my time and my hard earned savings . But greatest surprise was my investment of $ 3,000 came out with $6,750 in 10days trading ....you just have to be patient with them still your trade are complete... to be honest i didn’t just recovered all my previous losses.. I made much more than you past expenses... actually I personally recommend mrs Jenny for best trading, always trade with her and stop loosing your money  Reach out to her and believe me a trial will convince you  Heres her contact info ⬇️⬇️ +1 (605) 787-1636 Message ✍️ her on whatsApp
They want to go out... https://youtu.be/igmSVfKXyhQ Please subscribe my channel🙏
News spreads way quicker than any virus. Bring in the crisis actors for another episode of..  please believe us and our biased science... bots are on this 👇
Poppycock and piffle.
Bojo + Bullshit backfires on him. His Covid + Extras to get him out of the shit can't help him now. What a pathetic strategy that turned out to be. Blockades and Flight restrictions. Well done Boris.
Coronavirus No Longer Considered High Consequence Infectious In the UK Posted on 24th March 2020 by The Bernician Coronavirus No Longer Considered High Consequence Infectious In the UK Coronavirus No Longer Considered High Consequence Infectious In the UK Please read this damning revelation on the actual status of the threat of COVID-19:  As of 19 March 2020, COVID-19 is no longer considered to be a high consequence infectious diseases (HCID) in the UK.  The 4 nations public health HCID group made an interim recommendation in January 2020 to classify COVID-19 as an HCID. This was based on consideration of the UK HCID criteria about the virus and the disease with information available during the early stages of the outbreak.  Now that more is known about COVID-19, the public health bodies in the UK have reviewed the most up to date information about COVID-19 against the UK HCID criteria.  They have determined that several features have now changed; in particular, more information is available about mortality rates (low overall), and there is now greater clinical awareness and a specific and sensitive laboratory test, the availability of which continues to increase.  The Advisory Committee on Dangerous Pathogens (ACDP) is also of the opinion that COVID-19 should no longer be classified as an HCID.  https://www.gov.uk/guidance/high-consequence-infectious-diseases-hcid?fbclid=IwAR08MEwV5IUUqlL1SqvAWdLQKXIL0FrXDsEUWY46lc_C7EL8YmAgB_ozNmk  Related Posts https://www.thebernician.net/corona-virus-hoax-the-mask-for-5g-genocide/  https://www.thebernician.net/censoring-5g-health-warnings-is-tantamount-to-complicity-in-genocide/  Read More in Critical Thinking
Sorry BBC the shoppers near me aren't panic buying
This is ironic....lorry drivers and illegals from the EU bring this new  strain to the UK.The response is that the French have locked down other  Eu nations citizens from returning through France as they too have lost  control of this new strain which may have come from minx farms in  Denmark. Conculsion....the French have distroyed the EU commissions most  secret political mantra free travel across borders for their  citizens.....Its beginning to look like the UK vision of a post EU.
We're in the endgame guys 💯💯💯
So they don’t want any of our money then 🤔🤨👍
The food getting rotten. What mutant, viruses always mutate. Big deal.
Come on people can't you see. "Deaths for any reason within 28 days of a positive test "
technocrat agenda
It feels like this went from 0-100 real fast. The Port of Dover is literally at the end of my road and when it closed people were trying to park in our driveway to sleep overnight. It's mad.
😓😨😫😱😓😨😫😱😱😱😱😱😱
🌊🌊🌊wave 3 😰
I smell bullshit.
trying to hold in a tickly cough while reading the comments
Global lockdown ?
This all seems so deliberate.and so planed. agenda project fear.
Imagine ordering a Covid-19 for Xmas then the Government brings out the Covid-19-S... 🎄😂   ORDER OUT OF CHAOS ◼️3◻️3◼️
1293 -Your beloved Jesus: Oh what joy it would bring Me were they to turn to Me on Christmas Day= Jesushabla dotorg/book-of-truth =
No thanks to the bbc fear mongering scumbags.
you filthy liars you just want to kill people with vaccines and are lying...where is the seasonal flu and colds hey...these evil people connected to the Bill Gates killer agenda
If they had done this in march we wouldn't be in this mess now. We have the prime minister to thank for that.
Don't for one minute believe this bull, these roll on roll offlorries equate to only 15% of goods that enter or leave the UK. And there are 120 other ports to choose from.
Like most people, i've followed the regs "blessed be the regulations" heheh..but, i have noticed , when the kids went back to school, you'd see 'em mooching home , not distancing, y'know? But yeah, travelling at  this time of year is allways horrible. Like a lot of people here, suprised to see so many trying to do it.
Keep calm and carry on... NO  QUARANTINE NOW
Shock horror the flu has been around for thousands of years da da da
This is not a deviation for the travel industry. This is a deviation for the UK on how the government has been handling the situation.  I am disappointed.
I hate kovid
Newsreader caught napping, https://youtu.be/likrheNB89o
Here we go again with restrictions, lockdowns and god knows what else. The much touted vaccine may just turn out to be a total damp squib and for the so called vaccine experts another slap in the face. Everyone thought 2021 was going to be a great year but the sad truth is it may turn out to be even worse than 2020. This is a very long haul and the sooner governments and people accept it the better it is for everybody’s sanity
Also India baned till 31st Dec.
So 2021 new deasis star in UK
Here is a crazy idea, how about using British farmers instead of importing. We have the best ones in the world but they are not utilised, now is the time to change that.
That’s it squeeze us tighter food shortages next cut off their supplies. If they didn’t want mass panic they would have kept it on the low.
For those who hate globalism well your wish has been granted
puppet show
This new variant was know about in September... Did they warn everyone? No. Because they are so pathetic they had make sure Christmass wasn't interupted and the schools to stay open. Obviously our glorious 'leaders' want more people dead to crash the pound still further.
We are the plague, UK is now the epicentre of the plague. Forget WUHAN. WE ARE TO BE REMEMBERED as the country that spread the plague. Just because we voted to leave the European Union,  HOW WICKED IS THAT.
Why were the idiots planning to go on holidays at this time. Such people show how idiots can ruin it for all of us.
So this New one spreads faster? God Make this stop. 2020 has been rough enough on all of US. I’m begging 🙏
Not stopping boats coming the other way though.
All of this just as we are leaving the eu.......................................................................................................................................Almost to the day.
I'm in no way a conspiracy theorist. But I'm increasingly concerned there's an agenda here - an agenda that goes above and beyond a pandemic. If new strains are defeating a lockdown, then what's the point of a lockdown? The UK is now an economic and organisational shambles. The words 'baby' and 'bathwater' come increasingly to mind. It's becoming apparent that at the worst possible time, we have the worst possible people in charge.
Again earth going in lockdown
What I see is a globally coordinated, financialy-rooted controlled demolition of the status quo economy and society, meant to wreck the old system as we know it beyond repair, so that we'll have no choice but to accept the new, an attempt by the powers that be to enslave society as whole and create a slave surveillance state. Saw it in 1993, saw it in 2001, saw it in 2005, etc, etc, etc. must Resist.
The only good thing about this whole thing no more illigals that enter the UK
Yet we allow them flight in. Stop their flights as well.. Build a wall.
This is all planned new strain and cancel Christmas to scare all the people even more they want their 5g vaccine in our blood to control us wake up and don't be a sheep 🐑 🐑🐑🐑
Stay home! Protect the NHS! Save lives!
no worries - kim un boris will threaten them with something when his experts have worked out what is going on and extrapolated made up data and told him that a disaster is on its way and he must do something now, or maybe in the next few days whe  he's thought about it.
How to ruin a Country by the Gov Inc...you couldn't make it up just how inept this Government is, what did they honestly think would happen when they announced they discovered a super new spreader virus unique to the UK!!!
Enjoy Globalism.   "Made in China" by CCP.   Next on their long line of products: -Big Tech Totalitarianism, -Social Score Inquisition, -Cultural Revolution, -Crowd Control and Repression, -Corruption Galore, -Neo-Colonialism, -Slave Work... More to come in the catalogue! Available at Amazon and Alibaba.  China, "marching you to the future"
are these not the EU Drivers returning from delivering in the UK
Stop letting foreigners coming to United Kingdom for Christmas.
New mutated Corona viruse was discovered in South Africa too
Uk government fucked up big time
Welcome to Covid Island!
That's a good trick, France can wave the dinghy people off to England then England cannot send them back, excellent.
They’re lying! Wake up people! Enjoy ur Christmas
I don't usually watch anything with BBC News on it because you cannot trust what they tell you but I thought I would look today to see how many remoaners were blaming the queues of lorries on Brexit. I wasn't disappointed.
Covid...
corona : 1 the world : 0
There is a virus taking over the world, and I’m not talking about Covid. I’m talking about the virus of sin. But there is a Vaccine for it! His name is Jesus. Not only that, but He took the piercings for you, to release the healing power and life which is in His blood. It’s the cure to depression, anxiety, fear, anger, etc. Salvation and healing are available for all who receive Him....  Repent & turn to Jesus and put your trust in Him. Believe in the Gospel: Christ died for your sins, was buried, and rose on the third day so that you would be delivered from the fires of hell and have eternal life in Him. Jesus loves you!!!!!
China remembers 1839 and will soon enough own the UK ;)  Putin already sees the writing on the wall and has been practicing being a little lap dog for Xi Jinping. But what he does not realise is China has no friends and never will. China remembers 1899 and will get their land back from Russia ;)  China by 2030-2040 will own the world without having fired a shot and it's done it based on the rest of the world being arrogant and greedy. They've almost completed strategic takeovers of world trade routes, havr a technologically and numerically superior Navy and Army. By 2025 they will be immune to trade sanction. They control interests within all financial institutions. Take a look at India if you want to see the not to distant future, colonial empires are an outdated concept of world domination. You don't need to place your flag down on another countries land to have complete control over its population autonomy, wealth and natural resources.    If you are Chinese and so much as make a joke about Xi Jinping, you are put in jail and your organs are sold. That's to his own people... He cares about everyone else less, so do the math on what the future holds.  While our Politicians are desperately selling the country out to secure personal wealth in a move to keep power in the form of an Oligarchy. What they don't realise is once you've ceeded power to China, your personal wealth means nothing as the Chinese state owns all. Look at what happened to Jack Ma for an example of what you think you own or power you think you may have.  2040 should conclude the AI arms race too. 10,000 hours for a human to become an expert in their chosen subject - that competes with 1 nano second to become an expert in every subject.
Borris Lock arf the whole ting pussyclart and send everyone free Ben and Jerry’s x
I thought NZ had lots of sheep, it sure looks like the UK has many more.. :-/..Sir Desmond Swayne Interview Exposes BBC Hypocrisy As They Help The Government Hide From Scrutiny https://youtu.be/cQiNXFfbGa0
I still don’t know anyone whose got COVID 🤔
An early taste of Brexit!
U.K covered up about the new strain which emerge in September. Now isolate yourselves and dun bring your filthy disease to Singapore,  thanks.
= no trade deal
BBC - continuing to promote fear and dread. Tell you what - you all go into isolation and volunteer to go without your salaries. Then tell me how keen you are on "Lockdown" a.k.a. House Arrest.
Boris.Prize clown. Destructive to boot and only himself to blame.
Finally china destroy uk
This is mutated virus from China
While it's good that travel is being restricted, this should have been done back in September when the variant was discovered.  It's already been spread around.
New strain is everywhere already! Not a coincidence California cases are up 300% 4 weeks after UK discovered more contagious Coronavirus.. 2021 will be a repeat of 2020..:/
im still goin to see family at xmas and get pissed with my mates on boxing day...TURN THE NEWS OFF....its all bollocks
Good
There is no scientific proof that this new strain is easier spread.
Globalized Control! Politicized Marxist to CONTROL!
Why hasnt the UK done the same ???
Why uk can not control penamic till now?
Really wtf what if we had done that to them at the beginning they wood mon so I say fuck them all and now let’s start to fuck them all up
It's Project Fear all over again. Brexit is Brexit, everything else is just fake news destined to scare us proud britons. Let's get our Empire back, forget about coronavirus #proudtibebritish
cannot tell me that all the other countries havent got a variant of this virus.... its rubblish!!
What the hell...  Stop turning UK into a one huge prison !!!
lol i wonder how many people are going to let their leaders continue to hold them under their thumb for the flu  its been getting old
28 Months Later XD
Congratulations BBC with your EAGER help this government’s “fear” tactics has closed the UK 🖕
this country is making shit up  to control us ,and its costing us big time
Bulgaria and Turkey had closed their borders ... RESULT . This is great news
When I see people commenting on travelers, I am so sad for you. Maybe if you traveled, you'd get other side of the story, not just the one presented to you by mainstream media.
Nice try BBC ... we all know you hate this country and want it to fail... the Q at Dover is now clearing
I don't see the point of this ban since this variant is not even new.  It's already been spread.  But regardless of whether there is a ban or not, people should have toned down traveling.  This pandemic has shown that some/many people will not change their lifestyle willingly on their own accord even it means killing other people.
It's almost as if we need the EU to function properly as a nation...
Enjoy the brexit
Its a shame nobody worries about all the illegals coming over the channel coming from Mr Macrons direction . What might they be carrying
Situation of other countries?
Kinda stings to be banned from going to other countries.  I don't understand why the process for leaving the EU wasn't extended ages ago to factor in pandemic delays. In reality it should have been paused. This is a time where all countries need to work together.
As an American citizen brit born. ..I see build up/spending for a nuclear arsenal - but where is the defence if ever deployed.  Covid    the hospital shortfalls.  Why have those weapons without hospital backup for our people in place.   You spent money improperly Boris's like you had american money - and you did it, to make the stupidity worse, during covid.  Brexit years of stupidity now are becoming clear - time for more appropriated people
Are you getting it yet folks? We are under a global coup by a bunch commie technocrats  who want democracy abolished and for you and your family to live and die in their techno slavery system with zero privacy and enforced surveillance all for the common good. Well you don't want to be killing all those grannies do you?! We also can't have the great unwashed have democratic votes and breaking up our well planned European super state stepping stone to a One World Government system with Brexit!! Now to make them suffer Stalin style!! Enjoy The Great Reset and Fourth Industrial Revolution folks. We deserve it for our blind arrogant ignorance.
That is right, if they did that a little bit earlier, fewer people would die because of the pandemic.
oh no... its the end of the world !!!.... oh wait. a couple of weeks disruption. Few. Maybe we'll all survive after all.
Stupid BBC saying still the new virus not serious well how many has this virus killed.. and still the government don't bring martial law.  Welldone bravo expect itt to go on throughout 2021🤐
Even though the new variant makes everybody's life standstill, the UK has never tried to conceal its occurrence and spread.          In fact, they have reported it to the WHO. Unlike  China, where they tried to suppress the novel coronavirus and, ultimately, it contracted throughout the world and killed millions. In this new context, all countries can take precautions and protect themselves as they are aware of it.
In the hell has Australia detected it
So annoying. Covid= bullshit, it’s all political... I’m wondering if England is still up for Brexit. They not even ready yet😂😂
Fake fake fake. At the hospital I work in, it’s like a ghost town! Absolutely NO mention of a new strain 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️ what a load of 💩💩💩💩
Brussels throwing there toys again
This is a  sign of things to come.  Just wait until the 1st of January,  those blue passports will get you through borders in no time 😂😂😂
https://www.centerforhealthsecurity.org/event201/about
Reuters 29th Oct " scientists identify prolific strain of coronavirus " look it up ! Good faith right !
Waste of time banning planes into these countries. It's already there!
It was detected in September but waited till December to start putting in some measures ! Borrowing China’s playbook
Why would anyone want to travel right now anyway?
What sort of idiots fly around the world at a time like this!?
Look at the like 😂 pull the other one bbc
Don't be fooled by the thumbs up, thats YouTube playing with their Algorithms. It's all they have, bless them, ohh & ghosting comments, thats another fav of theirs. Question the censorship, especially when they offer nothing by way of defence for doing so.
Great Europe finally wants nothing to do with the UK what a Christmas present 😊, looks like the governments plan to frighten people with a new scamdemic has back fired on the government 😂
It’s only today Drakeford is stressing how important it is to ventilate. Doc Campbell has been banging on about this for months...science lead. And why oh why does he only get news time in Europe and USA...let me think...Auntie?
Fuck the uk, completely useless country. Apart from Scotland.
Where was everyone complaining about MSM being biased when brexit was happening?
They really are tying themselves in knots.  When the lie gets bigger lol
This new variant as has unexpected side effects.
Bet them dingies will keep coming.
We only have the media to blame by reporting and screaming and shouting about the new variant. What do we expect
Funny how people are still able to fly in.  Much the same as what was happening back in March.
The royal navy can organize boats to Dunkirk and Normandy
yeah, thanks needed that, all the food necessary to cover holiday period is in the country already, but let's gee people up to panic buy, after all it is an easy dramatic headline.
Nnnbb
Dddddd
You are smart enough to see this has little to do with covid and everything to do with punishing and isolating Britain for their perceived Brexit foul. Even their own media is helping to beat their own nation to death. "Crash the plane", they cry because they hate the pilot and the destination, even though they KNOW they are a passenger. Insanity.
france is blocking the borders untill we accept to there terms on Brexit and using COVID  .      I can see people have taken this out of context I know they stoped it for COVID and they have recently started slowing flow however at the time that is what they said. This is not anti anything it is just stating that what there underlying reason was twisted.
Thanks to the BBC for making the "variant" a big deal these last few days...  a message for the BBC.....please sod off..your propaganda journalism is deceitful and  nonsense .
stay at home, play video games, live of the dole then yeh boris ?
PEACE AND QUIET AT LAST WE HAVING THE BEST TIME ON OUR OWN .
Too little, too late
♥
This must be that new Brexit fever. Bye Bye eu
Did they just say the new varient has been out since September?
The rise of the cost of goods and services..
I wish the 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 🐮🐄 would shut up
It seems like a strategy to sale the covid Vaccine beacause people were not ready to get vaccinated
Ha ha ha, EU countries turning the screw on us out of spite.
Covid nothing but testing of 5G technology
Am just waiting for the next dilemma New year will be cancelled next after boxing day.
It's already all over europe it's only a matter of time before it's all over the world
Interestingly Boris Johnson is the Chief Guest for Republic day Celebrations in India next Month... Will he or Won't he ?????
Not new variant new lies hang boris an covid will go theres no variant because our goverment have lied again there going to reap what they sowed haha
Waken us up when 3rd world war ends and the GATES SATAN CLUB members are all in prison!
The plan 1st Phase : Create and release a super contagious but low-mortality rate virus. Have the media cause mass hysteria about it by blowing death counts out of proportion by falsifying death certificates, by using pre-contaminated test-kits, double counting/testing and classifying most non related deaths as COVID-19. A lockdown (total of about 3 months slowly extended over time in multiple intervals) will condition the population to live under draconian measures/restrictions and repeatedly echo that a vaccine is needed. Actively suppress protests and isolate instigators with severe financial/judicial penalties. Keep up the quarantine as long as possible to destroy the region's economy, break down the supply chain to cause food shortages, civil unrest and more protests. Eventually end Phase 1 lockdown when public push-back is increasing. Clearly state on MSM that ending this lockdown might be too early but allow it anyways.2nd Phase : The lockdown, fear and social distancing will steadily compromise the populations immune system, amplified by wearing masks, longer wifi/5G exposure indoors, by diminished exposure to sunlight, fresh air, healthy bacteria and the absence of intimacy and healthy food supplies. When people re-emerge into society more people will fall ill, which will be blamed on COVID-19 and again be emphasised by MSM. Bring up the potential need for a second lockdown, backed-up by overhyped numbers of infection towards august 2020. This will all occur before the vaccination is ready, to justify it. Around October-November a longer (6+ months) and more potent lockdown will follow until everyone takes the vaccine. This time penalties for civil disobedience are increased and fines are replaced with jail-time. Blame the protesters for the second wave. Set up more check-points with military assistance, introduce mandatory Track&Trace apps and take control over food-/gas supplies and services to which civilians now need permission to access. Keep extending the lockdown, degrading the supply chain and amplifying food shortages. Quell any public outrage using extreme action and force and single out opposition leaders as public enemy number one. Roll out large scale vaccination programs and make health certification mandatory and a prerequisite for entering the new normal. The minority that defies the agenda will be denied access to work or supplies and not be allowed to travel.3rd Phase : In case the majority of people resist the vaccine, a weaponized SARS/HIV/MERS virus will be released with a 30%+ higher mortality rate than COVID-19 and again be blamed on protesters. This will be the ultimate push for everyone to accept the vaccination, and the rules within the new system. A cryptocurrency system (International Patent: wo/2020/060606) will be implemented in combination with digital ID2020 monitoring body activity, human behaviour and willingness to submit using food/shelter/water as a weapon of enforcement in the new economic system. Basically: do what we want and get rewarded with credits and obtain privileges or go against the system and get penalised and lose access to necessary means to survive PS: This is just their plan; the outcome is 100% up to us...
Cheese
Hope contingencies have been made to look after the truck drivers ie food/toilets stuck on the M20 outside Dover.
As long as you've taken the obvious precautions you'll be fine ie. Loaded up on Bitcoin/Gold/Silver, lots of long shelf life food, water filters, generators etc... no sweat
uk-------------------corona virus
It was detected in September? But they telling abt it now?
2020: 620k  2018: 614k Overall UK Deaths: Is that really a deadly pandemic?
So herd immunity herds new variant
Me: "2021 is going to be amazing" Covid: "Hold my mutation"
We're in liverpool and our city is being flooded with cockneys!!!!!
THE MEDIA IS A PROGRAM DESIGNED FOR CONTROL
Brexit anyway
set up testing stations   test positive into quarantine you go negative on your way  This gov is incompetent and the public are selfish gits
let's clap our hands now!!!
Fighting back time. Come on grow a pair - https://www.bitchute.com/channel/r8wq75doLqKP/
If not for the incompetent orange Buffon in the White House across the Atlantic, Boris Johnson will go down in history as the worse politician in the developed world in managing this crisis. After January 20th, BOJO will take over that crown from cadet bone spurs. The Priministership is way above his pay grade, Bojo and his entire cabinet should gracefully resign and had it back to May.
EU weaponise covis  19 variant when they know it exists in their own countries,.   This is EU negotiation.methods, scraping the bottom of the barrel to prevent no deal.
proxima centuari just sent us radio waves *aliens*
You can try this MOVIE TV app It's full free to watch and Download new Movies and Series for free https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.movietv.ajke🥰
I don't want to give false hope but there is a vaccine called Covaxin under trials in India that should cover multiple strains and I heard some experts talk about it possibly being the universal vaccine for all strains of covid, it succesfully passed phase 1(not the short phase trials like other vaccines but longer phase trials) and is expected to roll out by January so there is some hope and it does not need to be kept at -70 degrees so...
britsh copycat,copy china coivd and lockdown!shame on you!
The UK’s herd policy has taken effect, and a stronger virus has been cultivated. This is not a problem in the US because it’s just a "small flu"
COVID-19: it’s almost over COVID-20: we’re screwed
This is serious violation of human rights. The free world shall come together to bring down this evil ＊＊
You forgot that India too banned travel from UK?
Wake up. Really it is that simple. If you can't see through this hoax now you need serious help - https://www.bitchute.com/video/QjEaO5O6pVFJ/
you know who your friends are now when every country drops you on your ass.and thats why were leaving the EU god bless britain and the people who live in her.we well seurvive
When even anarchists start to feel pity for how your society just fell apart. "You had it running real nice for a minute there Jeff"
Anyone know if this includes Royal Mail deliveries to Northern Ireland? If i send something today it won't get over?
Ooh Isolation grows Still ramping up the fear I see
And Poland.
How on earth have the UK managed to get this new strain what on earth is going on,have this goverment any clue what is its doing,if we leave this lot in charge much longer god help us,it may get better now the mp,s have gone on their Christmas break.Is it time to suspend talks with EU,and sort Covid19 out first,i thinks its to much to sort both at the same.Brexit is going to end up a bigger mess than Covid 19 if thats at all possible.We will soon have had twelve months of Covid 19 and we are going backwards.What a JOKE.
UK, the country that stood up against China and is about to leave the UE colony. Surely this is just a coincidence.
Year later lmao
This is what happens when you don't take the virus seriously initially
Utter hysteria and paranoia. This country deserves to turn to rat shit as a result.
Short-Term Pain, Long-Term Gain! UK should quarantine the whole country for one month. Western countries need a new way to select real capable leaders instead of those only good in cheap talking or lecturing.
COVID-19 started before Chinese New Year and now new variant outbreak started before the New year😢😢 COVID-19 be like : My brother’s arrived
BBC =national disgrace, one sided, agenda loving bits of 💩
We’re just doing a dry run for Brexit
Keep locking us down.. we know this is what they want to keep us in our box and only let us out when needed.
The survival rate from the virus is 99.8% ! This data comes from the WHO. Why is the country locked down ??
Isolate and eliminate China
If you idiots would’ve taken this shit seriously we would have been back to normal
This is what happens when you vote for Brexit and the Conservative Party. Congratulations you're now getting a taste of what you want. Really very smart not!!!
Stay home, get liver cirrhosis, overdose on anti depressants. Save lives
They want it to get out it’s a bio weapon a way to keep us under the wing only way to have a new world order
So it seems, Europe has disconnected itself from the British Isles.. I wish Europe good luck.
Why china is covid free today??
Madness has come upon world
I guess we are really out of europe and the world
Fuck your travel industry
Zeus- welcome to 2021
Boris: close bars, close hotels, travel ban, no more chrismas, no more eating out. Stay home save lives.  Also boris: open schools and go school.
this shit wil be banned forever... i hate brit gargabe
guys help me choose the best title for the british corona virus 1. Covid-20 the empire strikes back or 2. Covid-20 Brittania rules the hospitals
Finally we had some hope, the pfizer vaccine and now the mutant of Covid is discovered. Can we ever breathe safe ??
Johnson, Hancock, Whitty and Vallance have caused all of this , they should be put in the stocks and have rotten vegetables thrown at them....If we can find any.
This claim has been disputed.  Multiple sources report there is no evidence of a new Covid strain
Ahhhh UK. Sorry we had to do it. 🇨🇦🙁 it’s just for a little while hopefully. Besides, it sounds like the new strain has already spread.
Have fun on your floating empire 🤗
The ones that pressed the global reset button,  https://youtu.be/_wm5NrlpaCQ
the nwo agenda implemented to turn all countries into 3rd world shitholes and enslave the people!
Don't we produce anything in this country anymore?
Corona virus live update https://youtu.be/xBaNPTDChGY
Tit for tat that's all I'm going to say
this is a strategy to distract from brexit....brilliant move. blame it all on corona and covid. then after vauteformi
When the vaccine is out suddenly a new strain of virus has come out if the government ass
Boris should be fired before Xmas.
UK = New north korea in isolation
how do we know that this virus has not been deliberately put here and Europe to try and down play the vaccine and  Brexit etc. There's more to this than meets the eye.  Europe's stance is more political than doing it for safety reasons. Stuff the EU.
• The new strain referenced in today’s broadcast was discovered in late SEPTEMBER. • Since late September just 1108 cases of this new strain have been detected across 60 areas in the U.K.Source - https://www.bmj.com/content/371/bmj.m4857• For context over 1,558,622 positive cases have been detected in TOTAL since 25.9.2020 across the U.K, the new strain therefore represents just 0.07% of all new cases. - If this new strain transmits so fast how is it only responsible for 1108 cases since September?
This is basically what people voted for with Brexit? Why are they not happy now lol
Nah more bullshit control tool's. Funny how suddenly we have a vaccine then bang useless, funny that. CONTROL.
This is great Xmas is over and the idiots that kept pushing for restrictions are going to find they are going to be hit as bad as everyone else. The NHS is now closed unofficially so I think we are heading for total civil breakdown within weeks 😂👍👍
Breath-taking not breathless I  realized
what a load of bollocks...
Suspend brexit. No time was good for an ill-thought out Tory heist by 1895 Lord Rees-Mogg & Co. And its definitely not a good time now.
What did they expect? This country has been an inept pile of excrement for a while now, an utter joke. 😡
Travel band for 48h 😂😂😂 after 48 h virus will disappear...what a stupid people runing this world
The other countries need to protect themselves until the UK government and people get their act together.
I thought the last 10 months were bad and despite the hope of a vaccine it seems to be getting worse, not a good ending to 2020.
Strange how the all cause mortality data (www.euromomo.eu/graphs-and-maps) does not support any of this. Yes a surge at the start of the year but the data suggests we have reached an endemic phase with an initial rise, just past, in line with the normal seasonal situation now declining.  Could the BBC please look at actual data and maybe critique policies and statements with reference to data and learned opinion that does not parrot theofficialy mandated facts.
Leave it to Britain to spawn a more virulent mutation of the Coronavirus. Firstly, they wanted to leave the EU. Then they didn't want to follow any subsequent trade laws. Now, due to poor planning, they caused a twenty mile traffic jam, because businesses stockpiled (in addition to the usual Christmas rush) to stay afloat during uncertain financial times. Instead of focusing on the worst pandemic in over a century, the government was refusing to give businesses a clear path ahead.
Woo, new sub-species, can I call it “London virus”?
stop this govdid-19 propaganda lies you criminals
Want to see a former CDC head squirm- 60 Minutes Mike Wallace Exposes the 1976 Swine Flu Pandemic Vaccine Injuries. best bit is at 6:00 in... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIFnmuiW7I8
This is Brexit! It has fuck all to do with the so called “new strain” our govt have failed and now we are being ripped apart by the EU and their devilish ways. This is a mess and I would bet there will be a new referendum on the EU in Feb. We will vote back in if it comes to that.
The government are waiting for the public to say.. "F@ck the NHS. Lets us get on with our lives", so that they can privitise it all without taking the blame.
When will this repulsive broadcaster be DE-FUNDED.... asap.. imo
No other countries have variants find that hard to believe
Congrats UK, this is what you wanted.  Isolation from the rest of the world.  Ironically Brexit now means squat.  No trades, no supplies, nothing, gl.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgOAaLmoa68  Dr. Pierre Kory pleading in a Senate hearing to use Ivermectin, a FDA approved drug.  It has been a known resource since August!!  So many unnecessary deaths!!
Lockdowns are not about fighting a virus, it is about destroying the Western economy and setting up a totalitarian control grid.
The lunatics have taken over the asylum, as well as the YouTube comments section...
So now it's the UKs fault for covid-19 nice blame game lol .. are you after the fish?
Strange how countries near and in between China can contain the virus. But a little island thousands of miles away from China like the UK, can't even contain they're own bs.
Thanks China 👌
Mutation mutation mutation good job UK
sounds like brexit
This is the new plan to get Brexit done without a deal.
Yet Schools still open the whole time. Enjoy your lonely Christmas you naive fools
2020-covid 19.....2021-covid 20?? 😂😂
Funny France is able to stop us going there but can’t stop migrants in boats coming here snd our spineless government let’s them!!!
bbc, does he shuffle blue paper like cards that he keeps them at both sides?
Oi, France!  You're not having 85% of the cod in the English Channel any more, live with it!  😊
China and WHO said Chinese wuhan coronavirus would not be serious. Now, a perfect storm.
Who would’ve thought the UK is nasty and dirty...
There are way too many people traveling, what the hell are they going to different countries for? Smh so weird
I agree with the ban, If there is a new strain it would be madness to allow possible UK carrier's or infected people to travel anywhere.
Stop talking about "damage to the travel industry" and start worrying about people's lives!
OMG，You all finally wear the mask now! Stupid people will be punished by the COVID-19
Wake up sheeple... ffs
A virus doesn't care about any religious or cultural importance. Why these stupid childish people can't understand and admit that. You can't decide on your birthday or death day. So why on earth we should cry over any other special day. Just stay home and safe without spreading the virus without making the way for another death. God bless you all.
England virus
All lies bollox
28 days later...
Apparently, according to other b b c News this new BS could (COULD) overwhelm hospitals, I thought that was the case  3 weeks ago, and now  it's "MAYBE" 70%  more infectious(not dangerous), so even now we are still only at "COULD" overwhelm hospitals(build one then and train some staff).. If this is true it's not going away so  we just need to get on with life.My Father in law has gone into hospital 2 hrs ago.10 yrs dementia, COPD, and he's 93.
Send it to China
Iam going in holiday
Punishment for Brexit....fukin joke, and blaming a fake Chinese flu.
You only take this much flak when your over the target.  https://youtu.be/3nOigXR9fPk
Sheffield dickhead yh he smells so bad he cant even fight mate
Do you ever get the impression someone is orchestrating all of this whilst being aided and abetted by the BBC? Just asking........
He stinks like fish
That guy at 2:16 looks like he's from sheffield and is super sexy omg!!!! My pants are so creamy rn get at him girlies!!!
Sheffield guy stinks
wow that man with the purple mask is so hot
I can't imagine how it's spread around the world so quickly....Doo .!
*rip uk"*
Welcome to Plague Island
Should have done that 2 Chinese in the beginning then no problem
Selfish ppl in London by running out and spreading da shit..no wonder da shit is out of control and so is the government
Is EU punishing UK
The UK is government is out of control...they gonna fuckup UK big time
2019: Covid 19 2020: Covid 19 Pro 2021: Covid 19 Pro Max
THIS MEANS THE VACINE IS NOW OBSOLETE!!!
Get used to this nonsense "YOUR LIFE HAS BEEN CANCELLED!"
No one should be traveling till we get this under control
voted for Brexit,  And watch when Brexit kicks in
2020 to 2021: "hey humans, my buddy 2021 is taking over! Til we meet again!"
Every virus evolves it's what it does.
At least diversity still can flood in by the thousands at Dover.
Stay at home,stay safe............
Agenda rolls on . Lies and nonsense dictate the narrative. 10 months in and the lies just get worse and more freedoms get taken away. Have people literally not noticed anything dodgy in all of this? #SCAMDEMIC
Why the fuck is the presenter so chirpy. What planet is he on???? Any sense of remorse at all for the UK spreading the new variant to other countries???? SORT IT OUT BBC
yes there will be millions more positive tests because from Coca-Cola and Pepsi-Cola tests show a positive result https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbp9P72N-xw
It's because of brexit 🙄
Covid lies open your eyes
Time to replace Hat Mancock, nobody believes a word he is saying and his smirking is pissing people off.
Praying for UK.  I am wondering if the new variant will be covered under the Pfizer vaccine.
Leave you alone ?
This new strain was first reported last spring in Brazil nothing was done or said, there wasn't any banning of flights to and from Brazil this is pure and simple Anti Uk. This despicable action of Europe is a clear case of utter contempt for the British people.
Exactly the same will happen wen u gumps refuse vaccine, no vaccine no travel😃
The tight syrup inadvertently arrest because verdict orally spoil with a overwrought text. violet, ripe german
If any country now gets a new virus like this, it should take the responsibility of closing itself off from the outside. We can't keep going like this
Why dont sue China..Wuhan virus
So I can’t travel to France, but you can travel to the uk by dinghy from France 😆 It’s happened during Christmas because they promised us that Christmas wouldn’t be normal. They don’t want us travelling because we might enjoy ourselves, enjoyment is banned. There is no new strain, it’s a lie.
I just don't buy the , ' We did'nt know what we were dealing with!, ' response to this whole thing.
Is that Reverse Imperialism 🤭
How to destroy a countries economy... Plandemic and the mainstream media!!!!
DECEIT AT IT FINEST, broadcasting to those, in a hypnotised mind state. Waiting to be uploaded, with their next, hand fed, conversation.  Why don’t lazy TV lickers, look at the evidence. Cases are NOT deaths!! Everyone is brainlessly acting out of fear, and NOT facts!!
Christmas spirit folks...spare a thought for the poor hauliers, wherever they are from, (and their families,) who are stuck in this horrible situation...and none of it is their fault. Put the politics aside and focus on people!
When the reaction to the plandemic started in America January 2019????  The second link shows the start of the process… Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act or the CARES Act  https://www.congress.gov/bill/116th-congress/house-bill/748/all-actions?q=%7B%22search%22%3A%5B%22H.R.748%22%5D%7D&r=1&overview=closed&s=6#tabs   https://www.congress.gov/bill/116th-congress/house-bill/748/all-actions?q=%7B%22search%22%3A%5B%22H.R.748%22%5D%7D&r=1&overview=closed&s=6#tabs
propaganda....watch as they push the "show me your papers"....for a virus that is 0.14% mortality rate with an average age of 82.....professor john Ioannidis of Stanford University- says covid-19 mortality rate 0.14% i.e the common cold.
seems strange new covid strain were out the eu and there stopping us leaving the country all just a coincidence ???? or they are making big changes lets be honest govements dont like the face of our generation representing the united kingdom so they dont care about us go get clued up !
New varient of Covid is the fact the UK will not agree to the EU terms
when the truckers helped us...noone now helps them
I think the new strain is an invention from the British government to stop people from fleeing the country before a no deal Brexit. Sortof a 21st century version of the Berlin wall.
MSM / BiT / SAGE & the govt of occupation are culpable in causing Stockholm syndrome within the UK populace & will be held accountable for their actions . .https://www.bitchute.com/video/akE3uenqTfOj/ https://www.bitchute.com/video/5P2lr0ifc77S/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJvQoTEdy-s https://www.bitchute.com/video/elCAdH9rst4X/ https://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/1356770/Coronavirus-lockdown-statistics-chris-whitty-patrick-vallance https://www.facebook.com/Breesmedia/videos/675925713325619 https://www.facebook.com/emmakennytv/videos/366493191335827 https://consentfactory.org/2020/10/13/the-covidian-cult/?blogsub=pending#subscribe-blog https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZnpnBYgGARE&feature=youtu.be https://www.facebook.com/yaliberty/videos/4653729178031272 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvYzf0MqObg&feature=youtu.be https://www.facebook.com/DispatchesC4/videos/1040963966345010 https://www.bitchute.com/video/XO6FwKcpenlm/ https://www.bitchute.com/video/BRwlwrOkVW5g/ https://markcrispinmiller.com/2020/11/the-greatest-hoax-ever-perpetrated-on-an-unsuspecting-public-dr-roger-hodkinson-cambridge-trained-pathologist-blasts-covid-measures-as-outrageous-in-a-private-meeting-with-canadian-offici/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuDQ_3g53qc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-43pjRwkVMU https://healthtruth.info/we-need-to-focus-on-the-immune-system-in-the-next-virus-season/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMWBjWQrmfU https://www.facebook.com/photo?fbid=10157599457638038&set=a.10151623297468038 https://www.rt.com/op-ed/507937-covid-pcr-test-fail/ https://lockdownsceptics.org/pcr-based-covid-testing-has-failed-us/ https://cormandrostenreview.com/report/  https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/940565/Information_for_Healthcare_Professionals_on_Pfizer_BioNTech_COVID-19_vaccine.pdf https://2020news.de/en/dr-wodarg-and-dr-yeadon-request-a-stop-of-all-corona-vaccination-studies-and-call-for-co-signing-the-petition/ https://www.bitchute.com/video/nrYQCTwgXa8z/  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-QQdheISPI https://off-guardian.org/2020/11/17/covid19-evidence-of-global-fraud/ https://www.bitchute.com/video/2Rp31vWUJgMO/ https://www.thelondoneconomic.com/politics/bmj-lashes-out-at-uk-state-corruption-and-suppression-of-science/16/11/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQrzkZVMRpY
The chickens have come home to roost. If we continue to let Bojo and Smallcock to government the UK we are going to end up bankrupt. The COVID 19 scam is total BS and they are pushing the public no just here but everywhere
Why do people bother giving thumbs up or down for this?  It is just news!!
Why these guys even travel to uk during coronavirus pandemic
What a load of bullshit we’re all swallowing
China 🇨🇳 should be qualified for Oscar award 🥇 in this year 🦠🦠🦠😊
The berks badly running this show will still be leaving our gates and borders open to those idiots travelling into the UK from all these countries banning us from travelling, regardless if they have covid or not!  Spots fucked!
It's from allaha  to all  countries in world to give punishment  who  killed   crores  of innocent  Muslim..
“For 48 hours” yeah because Rona booked those days off 🙄
This government is very very slow for making important decision until it get worst
There is more to this, This is the EU punishing the UK because we won't give into there demands...And this should be a warning to anybody doing deals with the EU from now on...They are not our friends and never have been
I read about a variant back in September, covid 21. It's the one intended to finish the job.
The infamous tractor holly mend because feedback globally hang afore a zesty agreement. average, cautious effect
Really feel for the HGV drivers, stuck there in the freezing cold. Holidaymakers can do one if your travelling in a pandemic you deserve it!
I wish they were this quick with China back then!
When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.
Christ. You’d think it was the Black Plague by the way the BBC reports this.  What scaremongering
why are no governments paying attention to 87,000  medical and researchers on the dangers of covid vaccine? https://rairfoundation.com/dire-warning-prominent-virologist-dr-sucharit-bhakdi-exposes-major-risks-of-gene-altering-vaccine-video/ ..................... ..............The Danger of a Gene-Altering Vaccine (mRNA)... Dr. Sucharit Bhakdi explains that the second “major risk” is the fact that the gene-altering Messenger RNA (mRNA) vaccination “can cause very serious allergic reactions.” The mRNA is described at the CDC as “a new type of vaccine to protect against infectious diseases,” and Bhakdi has warned that this type of vaccine is “still unknown scientifically and medically.”............. While the virus Covid-19 and the fear created surrounding it is real, the death and disaster claimed to come from it is not. Look around you ... you don't need a vaccination for a virus with a %99.96 survival rate. This whole thing is fishy ... the virus, the hype, the over-the-top Government reactions, all of it is crazy. Do not take this vaccine, just don't. Don't let family and friends take it either.
Hard brexit.
The Cult. Agenda 21
What happened to the sacred EU principle of "free movement" of people?
Its not the end of the world  ( isolation ).no worries. We will manage
Southeast Asians: "First time?"
Well, here in the U.S. people travel, they're not afraid of COVID, hahahahaha! Population in this country will be wiped out if people will continue being so arrogant and stubborn.
Looks like I will be staying in then. 😄
Are you telling me we are the only ones with this what a joke control control control
Communism
Isolation ,tiers do not work   People wake up this covid is not real ,it is a  common flu.   The Gov dc about u app they want is power ,comtrol  and money
0:40 I surely do not owe anybody anything now with the help of, *f u n d a i l y p  a  y . c o m*
Donald Trump actually might have caused the end of civilisation as we know it. He got rid of the pandemic response teams that Obama set up. If we had it from the beginning we could have had under control before covid 2.0 showed its ugly face.
>UK isolation grows.  When the BBC uploaded this drivel France had already re-opened their borders.We will be getting an "isolation decreases" now? No, thought not. BBC Newspeak and spin at its finest. #DEFUND.
British culture and western culture will keep covid19 going for 3 years! Now we are heading to covid21 !
What a mess.
COVID IS NOT REAL
I would hate to live in the U.K. right now
The UK is a third world country now !
Bubble glum
God bless UK and all people in UK🙏💪💪
I think it’s easier to contact the virus 🦠 through the media (news) than people!  What in a mind control and brain washing the hell Is going on people?
THEY NEED US MORETHAN WE NEED THEM 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 #BREXIT
plus de vols donc il n'y aura plus de voleurs. Plus personne ne veut de voyageurs. apprendre a rester chez soi. un film de cinéma s’appelait : joyeux noël, c'était un film de guerre, avec un entracte de fête. no more thefts so there will be no more thieves. No one wants travelers anymore. learn to stay at home. a cinema film was called merry christmas, it was a war film, with a festive intermission.
Din’t come to the USA, the stupids are here already..
Handcock and his goons are holding out for EXTREMELY rich. they have  huge investments in big pharma and vaccines (sorry, death shots) so they  will wring this one dry. Being of a criminal nature, it is in their  conflict of interest. Always about money.
Started a crack habit during lockdown... So that's something! 👍
Everything needs to be open as this silly little virus is not killing enough people, do the math you bunch of dummies.
Brexit comes a little earlier than expected
I don't care what religion you are or weather you believe in any God or not. Can we all pray 🙏 and ask God for forgiveness. We have sin against God. God we have had alot of this virus.. we now understand your anger.. please take away the virus... I promise to try and follow your ways....
Christmas can be anywhere anytime, just stay at home and safe whatever it takes. Happy Holidays!😎😷🎄⭐🎅✌
Simply having a wonderful cornavirus time 🤣
I've heard that even The Doctor has been forbidden to use his TARDIS for fear that he could spread COVID-19 throughout time and space.
It's time we turn our back on Europe and its citizens  Deport all European citizens back to there native country whether here legal or illegal
Should we send some care parcels from Paris?
After December uk will have to deal with it alone... Brextears are going to love this...
24hr ban??? So it will magically disappear in 24hr ?? 😂😂 Busy nobodies Travelling....🙄 Who these peasants think they R??
Fear,more fear supreme fear.We just wear mask to protect the others right?Because we are not affraid to die.New strain?More effective than the old one?Let's see the damage of the old strain.Death rate for 2019 was 7.579 for 2020 is 7.612 no extra deaths this year where's the pandemic?
good we wont give in
Did they do It after this ?https://youtu.be/A6TgogbGYSo
Anti British Biased Corporation and pro EU protectionist bloc supporters must be very happy using a mutation of the coronavirus to bully and isolate UK when this strain is already in continental Europe. Scaremongering again.
So is this the oven ready deal that was promised to us?
So the shit vaccines they're doing now is not gone work isn't absolutely disaster and disgrace
What’s the point in the new bans, it’s probably already in the EU all it takes is for some geriatric fart from the uK to hop over and where fucked.
Excuse me while I cry. Boo hoo   The world is pathetic
Well i'm off to stock up on food...
turn them around make rhem regret testing the UK
*go to the pubs...half price off, now....please stay at home......no way....block the whole UK...*
What a bland news presenter
Only ourselves to blame, not the Governments. people just don't take any notice of the guidelines. Tinfoil hat the men in black Cloud cuckoo land conspiracy nutters  don't help neither with their stories. George Lucas couldn't write anything near as good what tinfoil heads spew out. Look how the furlough scheme has being abused too with millions in fraudulent claims. We are all in a right mess and I can't see it getting any better. You don't mess with any Zoonotic viruses they will always try to evolve to continue it's cycle.
When you can't stop lying this is what happens
The world evils, are doing them jobs to destroy the people. God was so right calling us shep the most stupid and dami animal we are the same. May God have mercy on us only Jesus Christ can help us there is no one else only one the most powerful living Lord of Lords Jesus Christ take it or leave it.
Something is wrong here. Ok travellers can not leave the UK. But why can't they go back home ??
Well we wanted to be shut off from the EU but not the world but who gives a shit.
This Government has no plan, it firefights constantly. Is this the way to run a country.  I think not. Notice how quick countries are to protect their Borders and People, something that has been severely lacking by this Government since February 2020. Increases in the virus in March was because we did not close our borders or have any restrictions on the millions coming into the country.  Since the Government brought in restrictions who on earth has been monitoring people coming into the country. Anyone coming in should be tested like other countries and monitored.  It is a shambles.
I never like the cowed France anyway.
Can't wait for 2021 l predict total lockdown in the New Year, riots, food shortages and our government overthrown. Get back to me in 2022 to check.
🇰🇼💙🇬🇧
Shouldn't Borris and the EU postpone brexit till this whole pandemic is over About time Borris took the right decision for once
pls see independent doctors opinions https://ugetube.com/watch/ask-the-experts-covid-19-vaccine_uBH789tuyVFs2ha.html
That's the Problem - Traveling . Spreading the virus . Got to keep the air travel  in business .As long as this is happening the world will continue on the Corona Merry Go Round.
https://iConnectFX.com/view/d18202bf-fe41-eb11-9979-00505682f257.
Shame on UK gov
https://iConnectFX.com/view/d18202bf-fe41-eb11-9979-00505682f257.
https://iConnectFX.com/view/d18202bf-fe41-eb11-9979-00505682f257.
Big ouf
https://iConnectFX.com/view/d18202bf-fe41-eb11-9979-00505682f257.
https://iConnectFX.com/view/d18202bf-fe41-eb11-9979-00505682f257.
I try to order online I couldn't do it
Oh well. At least we have Brexit to look forward to.
Lies lies and lies
It’s a pity boris didn’t work this fast in feb.
A variant wow cool I like a choice 🤓
It’s in a Brit’s sovereign rights to ignore rules and common sense. Surely the virus is out of control? It can’t be people and travel that spread it?
👁️👅🤘🏾🤘🏾🤘🏾😷
This is like China o dear
UK Isolation ??? All countries around the world are banning certain countries at different times including the UK banning countries. Considering this is BBC News I'm surprised they are the last ones to know that there's a deadly pandemic going on?
The bbc love this, they are so anti british.
World is playing ban ban now
UK should ban all countries to uk too 😁😁
No point getting the vaccine then.😜🤫
THAT 600 dollars will make it better ..
We have Boris , we couldn`t be in better hands he is a true leader a strong man together we will defeat this Corona Virus and his scumbag cousin this  new variant of coronavirus.
COVID-20 incoming? Please no.
See you only realise who are friends and who are foes when in need never forget those helped you in need and those who abandoned you in need to it's very important
Kuwait banned flights from uk!! Didn’t ban flights when we saved the arses did they!!
more scare mongering.
It's all set for the covid certificate
BBC LAUGHING AT CHINA THEN. IT'S NOT LAUGHING NOW IS IT?
We need to be more robust - "Fog in the Channel; continent isolated".  I do feel sorry for the drivers though.
All this to force people to get the vaccination.
The Chinese have put the UK on notice. There goes your Brexit.
Congratulation on your newfound sovereignty! 👍😂
I recon they skewed the covid tests like how so many people having tested positive have no symptoms and and when they do get tested positive and when some die of a different cause it is listed as a covid death!
How can you possibly justify not having covid controls on freight nearly a year into the pandemic????? Freight should have been unaffected by this, due to already having protocols in place that will stop ANY covid spread! We certainly have that in Australia so that freight can travel in & out of various states uninterrupted even during major outbreaks & border closures
Amazing how they have banned flights from the UK. Wish that had happened in China when it was first released.
Britain Virus
'Pasteurised Riot' by The Limp
just on-time  as brexit talks fall apart! Globalist controlled  EUzone  and putting pressure on UK live in our faces!
It’s coming for you....B.S.
To all travellers back home and stay safe.
Oh BBC how we love you.
Can I just add this image is incorrect I have just driven this road!! The road from eurotunnel to dover is clear!
We should do the same for all persons from abroad coming into the uk.
I thought maybe we are still in lockdown since March up to date, I didn’t know that there’s still so many people traveling While am still in lockdown here. What’s wrong with this people. 🤦‍♂️
Or as we call it... "No-deal brexit trial period" :P
Brexit retribution 😭
They are doing this so you have to take the vaccine ! DO NOT TAKE THE VACCINE!
Brexit rehearsal in progress!
Enjoying every minute of it seeing the UK  a disease ridden shithole cut off from Europe hope those people that voted for brexit lose everything especially job's
Not feeling sorry either for Flight Companies or travelling Fools(Covidiots)
Why are people still travelling anyway..??
More countries are discovering this new variant. It is not Britain's gift to the world.If only Boris had shut airports in February .
Imagine the media not trying to cause panic that would be the day
International best-selling author, Dr Vernon Coleman MB ChB DSc FRSA, exposes a remarkable truth about the covid-19 vaccine. You must watch and share this. Click on the following link to go to Dr Coleman's website then click on the health button http://www.vernoncoleman.com
"FAITH IN THE MOST HIGH IS FREE PROTECTION" : "PSALM" 91 : 1 > 10 ... "HE THAT DWELLETH IN THE SECRET PLACE OF THE MOST HIGH SHALL ABIDE UNDER THE SHADOW OF THE ALMIGHTY . I WILL SAY OF THE LORD, HE IS MY REFUGE AND MY FORTRESS : MY GOD; IN HIM WILL I TRUST . FOR HE SHALL DELIVER THEE FROM THE SNARE OF THE FOWLER, AND FROM THE NOISOME PESTILENCE . HE SHALL COVER THEE WITH HIS FEATHERS, AND UNDER HIS WINGS SHALT THOU TRUST : HIS TRUTH SHALL BE THY SHIELD AND BUCKLER . THOU SHALT NOT BE AFRAID FOR THE TERROR BY NIGHT; NOR FOR THE ARROW THAT FLIETH BY DAY; NOR FOR THE PESTILENCE THAT WASTETH AT NOONDAY . A THOUSAND SHALL FALL AT THY SIDE, AN TEN THOUSAND AT THY RIGHT HAND; BUT IT SHALL NOT COME NIGH THEE; ONLY WITH THINE EYES SHALT THOU BEHOLD AND SEE THE REWARD OF THE WICKED . THERE SHALL NO EVIL BEFAIL THEE, NEITHER SHALL ANY PLAGUE COME NIGH THY TENT" . ... "AMEN"  +
December 2019 : Covid19 December 2020 :  Upgraded version - Mutated Covid19  This virus is smart and is celebrating it's own one year anniversary.
It's so heartwarming that Europe finally got rid of that messed up island. Brick them off for good now
New and improved- COVID 20.
The BBC reporting EU propaganda again! Macron fucked up by banning his own from France and the rest of the EU and beyond
They have had the wagons backing up all last week to cause maximum carnage All planned much like the new super duper variant thingymebob
Final wave is off us bye , bye
how comes so many people are travelling willy nilly unchecked really ????
Freedom for Catalonia normally shuts the EU poor Scotland brigade up , thought I'd share
The lies are getting bigger and bolder...........
Nothing to do with the virus  its about putting pressure on brexit negotiations thats why france has stopped freight. Wake up
British no need to worie you said you no need goods from EU 😂
China attacking the countries now fiercely.
Banning freedom of movement!!  Where is the proof!!
Ohh Yeah, We protect together.
This is 48 hours temporary ban...
Not to worry Brits, Brexit will fix everything all up.  Just ask Nigel, when he finally gets back from his new homeland of GERMANY!
The Great Reset pushing through, makin space for 4th Industrial revolution  The world is a stage and we are all actors   William Shakespeare
U wanted Brexit ... enjoy Brexit. No deal - no border opening. U r screwed until u surrender. Where r ur friends ... u bullied everyone, everyone makes u pay back. Enjoy ur leaders, Nigel, BoJo, Jakob, ... or Chuck these poisoness leaders.
huh...
😂🤣😂🤣😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂 Finding out the uk has no pals... Priceless
..Estou aqui para testemunhar o excelente trabalho que o Dr. Lawson fez por mim, você pode confiar nele para resolver o problema da família e dos amigos.  Dr. Lawson mudou minha história de vida para a glória.  ele é o maior homem que eu  já vi.  Você pode confiar nele com problemas de família e amigos.  Contate-o neste número (+2347026543956) ou no WhatsApp.  Ele resolve  problemas físicos e espirituais, como :.  (1) meu ex-feitiço de volta  (2) trabalho de liderança  (3) feitiço de boa sorte  (4) negócios para avançar  (5) faça o que eu digo  (6) problemas de casamento  (7) promoção no local de trabalho  (8) falta de boas oportunidades de trabalho  (9) problemas de AVC  (10) cura do câncer  (11) ganhar processo judicial  (12) viajar para o exterior  (13) Caso policial  (14) Problemas de namorada / namorado  (15) cura renal  (16) Problemas de mulheres estéreis e homens impotentes  (17) problemas familiares  Ligue ou o que é app dele agora ((+2347026543956))  Ou em (henxmax077@gmail.com) e todos os seus problemas serão resolvidos
What's wrong with the Johnson's BRAIN?! Did he realize, UK  has failed in its own country, and now UK is spreading its failure to the whole world. It's criminal.
Brexiteers constantly used WWII rethoric, now they got what they've asked for. The entire continent puts a blockade around the UK, even before Brexit is officially going through. You just have to extrapolate in what bargaining position the UK might find itself in after the COVID-restrictions are lifted and trade and travel have to be put in place with a new agreement. Just think for a moment who gets the upper hand after the shock, continental Europe or a United Kingdom that hasn't seen fresh fruit in months? At least the fish isn't going to be scarce in Britain...
get lost u british
Never mind the Stupid travelers who is looking out and helping the poor truckers stuck with nothing ,let's get an help them!
This would be catastrophic under any government, imagine under BoJo and his incompetent cronies... just a taste for what's coming starting January 1st !
shut you face
They weren't so quick to stop their hordes flying here in the first wave !
WARNING TO ESCAPE Babylon's Judgement on Revelation 17-18 NIV  BEWARE of the teachers of the law. They like to walk around with flowing robes and love to be greeted with respect in the markeplaces, and have the most important seats in the synagogue, and the places of honor at banquets. They devour widows'houses and for a show make lengthy prayers. These men will be punished most severely. COME OUT OF HER!!! So that you will not share with her sins, and so that you will not receive any of her plagues, because her sins are piled up to Heaven and God has remembered her crimes.  As a thief is disgraced when he is caught,     so the people of Israel are disgraced— they, their kings and their officials,     their priests and their prophets. They say to wood, ‘You are my father,’     and to stone, ‘You gave me birth.’ They have turned their backs to me     and not their faces; yet when they are in trouble, they say,     ‘Come and save us!’ Where then are the gods you made for yourselves?     Let them come if they can save you     when you are in trouble! For you, Judah, have as many gods     as you have towns.  Why do you bring charges against me?     You have all rebelled against me,” declares the Lord. In vain I punished your people;     they did not respond to correction.  If you, Israel, will return,     then return to me,” declares the Lord. If you put your detestable idols out of my sight     and no longer go astray, and if in a truthful, just and righteous way     you swear, ‘As surely as the Lord lives,’ then the nations will invoke blessings by him     and in him they will boast.  This is what the Lord says to the people of Judah and to Jerusalem:  Break up your unplowed ground     and do not sow among thorns. Circumcise yourselves to the Lord,     circumcise your hearts,     you people of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem, or my wrath will flare up and burn like fire     because of the evil you have done—     burn with no one to quench it.
I don't understand why with a 99.7% survival rate on the ones who catch this virus we haven't spent millions on building temporary covid hospitals to take the strain off the NHS, that way the country won't have to shut down. Some things don't add up.
When did it become outta control? BBC lies
What's the problem?   Answer the virus... What's the solution?  Answer  ivermectin... Job done ...look up ivermectin trial site news
the whole world should ban uk.bloody idiots.
What's the bet this came in from the continent, they all started locking down last week due to a sudden spike , we had to be the first idiots to admit it, you think the liars in EU land would tell us
UK can be stronger again 💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻
More hysteria being punted by the EU leaning BBC. Defund these left wingers. Defund the toxic BBC. They detest Britain.
America stands with you. God Bless
What are the anti lockdown protesters say about it?
Keep calm
Are we being told the truth about Covid-19?  https://youtu.be/ZnpnBYgGARE
Hello everyone, I'm very excited today.  I saw comments from people who had a loan at Jonesmeeee@gmail.com and decided to sign up based on their advice.  A few hours ago, I confirmed the total amount of 10,000 Euros I requested from my bank account.  This is really great news and I advise anyone who needs a real credit to apply via email: jonesmeeee@gmail.com or her whatsapp at +1 (450) 232‑3740
No loss, we can't go anywhere anyway....
France shut its borders .should of done that in 1939 !!!  More scaremongering by the media  The media is the virus
Did I hear right? This new variant was discovered in September and now they want to do something?
They should of shut things down months ago ! To late now !
Idiotic handling of the crisis from the highest level ! Many countries have had mutations in the virus but none have labelled the mutated virus as "OUT OF CONTROL" ! Only the Dumbest person on earth did that..
we need freedom！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！1
Unnecessary panic.... Don’t fight the virus, be friends with it!
Great for British people
EU taking control of its borders 😂🤣😂
Get used to it
BBC ARE SCUM .
Truly Brexit.
Why the ----- did we not ban flights out? Bloody irresponsible, if you ask me.
Let's be honest, the government cannot control 65 million people in their own homes, simple. Do your own thing in conjunction with those you visit and be safe and have a responsible caring affectionate Christmas.
Panic. Fear. Doom. How much more of this will they spoon feed us?
Nice scaremongering defund.
See what happens when you lie to the media
Should of stopped travel from the beginning and make freight and goods safer . This was always gonna happen if people kept on travelling.  The pandemic hasn't gone away it was gonna get worse .
Thats what uk wanted. Its happening a week earlier. So Uk shouldn't have any problem
It's shocking to see how many people are still travelling. Their complete and utter disregard for human life is horrifying.
Fyi... Corona = "crown"
Precious moments of Lockdown is coming 😘😘😘🥰😍
Rees Mogg gets to live out his dream
Brexit punishment, none of the MSM reporting is real, time will give us the truth. Down with BBC.
This is together with freight transportation bans from France, and other nearby countries in Europe.  I understand that a study done by Britain during Second World War (1939 - 1945), when the population was only 48 million, found that even then the UK didn’t have physically enough land, to grow enough food to feed itself, and even then experienced food shortages, when external food supplies were cut-off.  What it would do in 2020, when the population has grown to 68 million, and it has relied heavily from food from Europe which has cheap transportation costs due to being nearby, to suddenly relying on food from Canada, New Zealand and Australia which will make it expensive due to being shipped from the other side of the world, together with more severe food shortages due to the larger population, I do not know.  In 1789, when France had economically ruined itself by bad economic decisions, and had unfavourable weather leading to bad harvests and starvation, Marie Antoinette, the queen of France was rumoured to have said when she heard the people of France had no bread (symbolic of basic food), “let them eat cake”. Unfortunately in Brexit Britain, sadly the UK people will be told by world governments fed-up of the jingoism of the Tory government “let them eat sovereignty”...
The government should close the boarders then
Isolating UK won't stop it
What's the point,the new variant is already everywhere,bloody virus is a lot more intelligent than we are.
Shame they didn't ban travel back when it first started!
Turkey lol who cares at all
Its beginning to look a lot like bs everyone you go.
This china and the eu attacking england...banned.video...infowars.com
Well I guess mr Bojo has done it only under him could be get a new Infectious covid variant maybe if he actually did a proper lockdown the first time round and not let people still go out for exercise and to go spread their sloppy chops round everyone’s houses, and maybe if people would actually follow the rules and not be conspiracy nuts then maybe just maybe we wouldn’t be facing this new variant
We need to stop all the country's conning into uk
Do the illegals get a travel ban?  😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Isn't the new strain weaker, meaning more people get it but less people are affected by it? That would mean we achieve immunity quicker with lower mortality, in which case getting it is probably more effective than the vaccine.
But.... Have they stopped the Dinghies ?
Film the hospitals.
Four years agonizing over how to do Brexit, finally nature shows you how it's done
Governments acting crazy over a virus that infects and kills virtually the same as flu... they want us to think they care so much for the lives of very few yet you don't see them banning cigarettes which do far more harm?
What about Falkland Islands?
It really hysterical at this point. This strain has been around since September in the UK, has been found in numerous European countries since and even in South Africa where it emerged sepeartely. The only reason the UK is more aware of strain like this and what they mean is because of the amount of genetic sequencing we are capable of doing. Macron will save zero lives with a 48 hour travel ban, it's just dumb at this point. It's clear Covid-19 will probably side step vaccines at some point, as the virus numbers are sky high across the world simultaneous to a vaccine roll out in the UK, US and a few other European countries. There is only one option to eradicating Covid-19 and that's total suppression followed by vaccination, such as what China and New Zealand have and will do. This has to be paired with an absolute travel ban on any country that hasn't achieved eradication. That's not realistic at this point though, what's going to happen is Covid-19 will be here for a very long time, but we will tweak vaccines annually like the flu vaccine for the vulnerable.   For the young and fit, it's hard to even notice you have Covid-19 and it's one of the least fatal viruses to ever exist for young people. It's why it spreads so well, as healthy people can carry on as normal with it.   It's important to state that our economy won't be able to continue like this, borrowing £400billion a year just isn't sustainable obviously, over a trillion every 3 years, the interest on our debt will end up being most of our GDP.  I fear there is an unprecedented amount of poverty and decline ahead. I think it's obvious but what we see now is just the very beginning. More will die because of the lower investment in the NHS and wider infrastructure we will have because of the economic collapse and simultaneous rapid inflation of national debt than will die of Covid-19. People are very short sighted. We all going to die of something, that's a fact, death is certain, and it won't be Covid-19 for the overhelming vast majority of people. That 3 or 6 months longer you will wait for a diagnostic cancer scan and treatment is going to mean more to the majority of people than the risk of Covid-19. I hope the extra year or 2 retirement that all these measures have given to would be Covid-19 victims is worth the increase in deaths from almost all other illnesses that the measures have and will continue to cause, alongside the greatest economic collapse in our history, the fastest and greatest shift in wealth in our history towards the super rich, the forever reduced quality of life, forever reduced economic power and loss of social liberties. I hope it's been worth it. Personally I think it is a disaster and I say this as a vulnerable person with a disabling underlying illness, caused by an NHS failure, but now one that is curable but has been untreated because of Covid-19.   The NHS was a poor service before Covid-19, mostly due to a lack of staff due to strict capping on student numbers on our training courses for doctors, nurses and radiographers. These courses are so popular you have to apply a year in advance to have a chance, it's not we don't have the talent, we don't train that talent because we won't fund it. Cheap Britain would rather brain drain the rest of the world instead, but that creates its own problems and isn't sustainable. It's clear the taxpayer should fund less student loans for people studying modern social science courses and other courses that qualify people to work as Costa, and fund more courses that are directly useful such as medical courses, that would be a better investment of taxpayer money that would benefit society and also benefit the people studying the courses.
For Sale British China
Why is there still no face coverings being posted to every home, free.....
This is a backlash by the EU to punish the U.K. for having the audacity to leave the EU.
Saying it was devastating for the travel industry, how were so many people booked to fly all over anyway given the government advice to not travel!
The long term effort to 'dehumanise' mankind continues at an ever increasing pace. Soon all human love and affection will be banned.
well you and your puppet masters are getting your way ....isolating the UK from the rest of the world so you can use us as the example of how the great reset is going to play out. well look out rest of the world you are next. the disaster known as Neil Fergusson is back his boss gates probably demanded it
Nothing to do with Bretix 😃😀😀😀😀
I think we should stay locked down until the we have a vaccine for every new mutant strain of covid that comes out and anyone who refuses to get vaccinated should be put into quarantine camps to keep the rest of us obedient and unquestioning citizens safe. Anyone go flouting the rules should be dealt with, with an iron fist.
The Plot to Steal America https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXtGItm1bvQ&ab_channel=ManInAmerica President Trump’s most important speech https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjiITw6iB3U&ab_channel=NTD  CCP Expert: We Can’t Fix Trump Via Wall Street, But with Biden ... https://rumble.com/vbojf1-cp-expert-opening-up-financial-sector-as-goodwill-to-biden-as-we-cant-fix-t.html
Canada and America did NOT lockdown at all, not even from the beginning of the year, just take a look at the number of deaths they have had and they are still not locking down.....
Twice now my dislike has been removed. 🤔
BS popping up everywhere...sigh
Ban or restriction travel roots from other countries seem to be very slow response
The Terrifying Background of the World Economic Forum & the Great Reset https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYzRE4QDMpg
The Government MHRA infecting people with covid 19 Antigen Test and Trace kits which contain Coronavirus hazardous pathogens when used Swabs are then administered in to individuals
PEOPLE ARE STILL TRAVELLING? THIS IS AN OUTRAGE! HOW DARE THEY DISOBEY ORDERS FROM OUR GREAT AND MERCIFUL RULERS!!!🤬
How the new coronavirus are dangerous to people ?
Stay at home, what did you expect
Of fo outa control MY ARSE such crap.this hysteria needs too STOP ITS SO SO UNNESSESARY
There you go: the UK voted BREXIT for a sovereign nation, now you have your independent nation 🤣
To the person who ate a bat why the hell would you do that you have caused the whole world to isolate we can't do anything because of that one person who ate the bat thank you so so so so so so so much
Didnt realise so many people were still travelling around the world.
This certainly stops foreigners coming in. Rejoice?
And at this time when all of the global Fiat Currencies are in a state of complete collapse. Get ready to kiss your savings and your pensions GOODBYE!
india stands strong with uk , we will suppot you against communist china
Why have we been accepting flights all year  from places like brazil ect?! Its our own fault well the governments fault. Look at Australia its really not difficult
If this version of covid had happened in another country we would be stopping that country coming here. It's nothing personal, we would do the same, it might have come in from another European country which is likely as it's the south east worst hit where the main arrivals happen. Stop panicking people are so whiny and hopeless get a grip
A bit strange. The new corona is known since September and Mr. Johnson is announcing this some days before Christmas and on the day of Brexit deadline. Ok, if it is like this .....
Unbelievable how so many people still haven't joined the dots and realized that this is all a big con
Fantastic 😍💋 💝💖♥️❤️
Thanks Boris.   My Hedge Fund predicted this .    You’re doing a “fantastic,  world leading job”.
To travel during pandemic was never smart.  But don't worry about food. As the government repeatedly told us they are ready for no deal Brexit. If the government prepared for Brexit no deal then everything should be fine as they said before. By now Brexiteers should have the super fast system ready to replace the EU system that is soon to expire.
Of all the countries in the world for a new major strain to develop, it would have to be the UK to get it. These past few years have not been kind to the British.
I'm in italy how can I go back home ? Fucked up
Whats the point of closing the borders with uk when this new strain of coronavirus is ALREADY in Australia, Norway, Italy, and spain?
Just a reminder that the 77th brigade of the british armed forces along with are working hard in the comments to “counter any misinformation“ ( censor the truth)  we're are very easy spot so don't forget to say hello.
The authorities. Have just said the variant cv19 has been around since  September     They  have just let us  now. Know  this his terrible  they should have let us know before
I've already liked this video several times using my multiple, sock-puppet accounts. 77th Brigade. Be the best 🇬🇧🇨🇭🇪🇺🏴‍☠️
No new information on the strain. A country gets the vaccine and enters lockdown, this is very strange.  New strains are normal but to start a lockdown after the vaccine? Odd! We need more information. What’s next? Zombies?!?! 2021 may not be all that better!
FACTS ARE FACTS. England & Wales: registered deaths (Note. 2020 is only until October - but we are nowhere near pandemic levels) Link to Office of National Statistics a UK Gov website at the bottom  2006= 470,326  2007= 470,721  2008= 475,763  2009= 459,241  2010= 461,017  2011= 452,862  2012= 466,779  2013= 473,552  2014= 468,875  2015= 495,309  2016= 490,791  2017= 498,882  2018= 505,859  2019= 496,370  2020= 469,182  https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/birthsdeathsandmarriages/deaths/datasets/monthlyfiguresondeathsregisteredbyareaofusualresidence
A G E N D A  2 1 Wake up for your children's sake.
Brexiters where you at? 🤣
Hello guys i just found an special application now you can mine bitcoins in your smartphone easily download the app and earn lot off bitcoins i have also earned 505$ in 1 day  ....  https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bitcoinmatrix.mining.apps
Please stop messing with the like/dislike count, it's so obviously rigged.
Meanwhile, the UK is still allowing tourists from China and other countries as well as housing illegal immigrants in 4 star hotels.   However, the millions of British people are not legally allowed to see their families this Christmas.
2020 is almost over - horaaayy  COVID-19 - Hold my Beer
Why can't Boris keep his stupid gob shut?
You get what you wish for lol
Fake news. After Brexit everything is going to be amazing and everyone in the UK will become a millionair. Just ask Boris.
When even Canada starts banning flights from the UK, you know you're in trouble
A "Conspiracy Theorist" told me this would happen, but I didn't believe him because I'm a Sheep 🐑 Baaa
"out of control variant"?  Where did that come from? The amount of control is no different than it was 2 weeks ago.  Nice work BBC
Guy Fawkes had the right idea. Just sayin'
Government means mind control, keeping people in fear makes people easier to control that’s why the consent fear porn, and it’s working unfortunately.
So we've known about the new varient since September. It's most prevelent in the south east (were Dover is) and already on the continent anyway. You can't put toothpaste back in the tube, the ship sailed long ago in regards to containing this. I find it hard to believe closing borders isn't politically motivated.
European countries have control of their borders?
May God Bless them all,😢😢😢😢
Hello everyone
no ho ho...
Millions of people dieing accross th UK!!       Oh no sorry misunderstood that.  64,000,000 million people get a bit of a cough. Lets shut everything down and totally ruin everyones lives (except the ultra rich of course) gosh look how much Sunak's going to make from Moderna. This is mass hysteria, it's like chopping your foot off to cure a verrucca.
The Brexiteers have achieved their isolationist agenda.
“When tyranny becomes law, rebellion becomes duty. ” –Some dead guy
This is all getting really bl00dy boring
I’m not convinced there’s a new strain, I reckon the faster rise in cases is due to our inability to follow the rules and protect ourselves. A new strain is just a shift in blame....
WWF. We want freedon
How poetic. Brexit hasn't even had the chance to join the turmoil.
How funny that none other countries have ever banned flights from China when it first outbreak. But EU and other countries have now temporarily banned all transport to and from UK, just days before the Brexit 😅
Klaus Schwab wishes everyone a very very miserable and suicidal great fascist reset. https://youtu.be/2xbWhc1RWbk
Good, the quicker everyone gets this virus in the UK, the quicker we will be over it!! 😉
Why are people still travelling?!
And now this what other real natural disasters are still to come, government across the globe facing social economic  political collapse,  , Christmas canceled and 2021, , ,
Remember the terrorist attack training exercise that took place on the exact same morning of the 7/7 London bombings and played out the exact same events? Remember the BBC reporting the collapse of the world trade center building 7 even though it hadn't actually collapsed yet? Question everything. https://youtu.be/JKvkhe3rqtc
European union is using pretext of Covid-19 to  finally actualize Brexit.
if it's so dangerous. ..the whole UK must go in lockdown/shutdown. ..& all kind of travel from UK should be banned !...
Fake virus has aileady ruined brains of those in power and continuous devastating lives.
What? A new virus.
When all thought covid is over covid-19 upgraded to CoVid-21
Defund the BBC
This tyranny will go on for as long as the people allow it to.
So can we call it LondonVirus?
We dont need no vaccination. We dont need no crowd control...
Covid doesnt care about anything period.
The biggest Western crisis since WW2 *But no footage of it exists*
September ? Why are we just now doing travel bans & concern about it....I haven't heard diddly-squat about it until now....strange but its 2020
“When tyranny becomes law, rebellion becomes duty. ” –Some dead guy
Does this mean we won't be having Brussels sprouts this Christmas's Yippie
If the new (strain) as they call it, was found in September then whys it take 3 months to tell us about it..???
IF YOU ARE A UK CITIZEN PLEASE SIGN THIS PETITION FOR A PUBLIC ENQUIRY INTO THE CHILD ABUSE FROM FOREIGN GROOMING GANGS THAT IS THE BIGGEST ATTROCITY OF OUR GENERATION. IT DISGRACES OUR NATION THAT WE ARE UNABLE TO PROTECT OUR OWN CHILDREN IN THEIR HOMELAND. AT TIME OF WRITING THIS IT HAS JUST OVER 25K SIGNITURES AND 100K ARE NEEDED FOR MP'S TO DISCUSS IN PARLIMENT. DO YOUR BIT FOR JUSTICE FOR THE VICTIMS. https://petition.parliament.uk/petitions/327566  THANK YOU ALL
bye bye travel and tourism see you in 2022/2023
This strain of the virus is already in Netherlands and Belgium and some parts of Germany.  So what are they talking about!!  It is just Europe closing boards early.  So they can control Brexit.  Why is the government not closing our boarders with Europe!!
1/3 of the adverts in uk 🇬🇧 TV are German origin !! Fuc you Nazi!!
The only pandemic we are suffering is health officials and MP’s with their fingers in the public purse and their financial connections with the corrupt medical, pharmaceutical and corporations.  CDC release worrying side affects to Pfizer vaccine CDC issues new guidelines on Pfizer vaccine, launches probe, after &quot;severe allergic reactions&q (brandnewtube.com) & Even The CDC Cannot Deny The Adverse Effects!! (brandnewtube.com) & CDC Reveals Hospitals Overcounting COVID-19 Deaths - OAN (brandnewtube.com) & Dr. Michael Yeadon - PCR Testing and False Positives (brandnewtube.com)  &  Coronahoax Updates and Population Engineering (brandnewtube.com)  &   Dr. Pierre Kory Talks Covid-19, Ivermectin and the FLCCC | Podcast E43 (brandnewtube.com)  & Robert F Kennedy &#039;This is pharmaceutical-driven agenda that will enslave the Human Race&#039; (brandnewtube.com)
21 December 2020 5D solar flash from  dark to light
ok so when the new virus is in German, Netherland etc... then what? Ban their flights too?
Add Norway to the list... UK pls get your shit together
Britain on its knees
Little Britain :)
Fuck Spain Spain is going to burn 👎👎👎
*Just show us a few seconds of footage from one of these overwhelmed wards*
It's time to rise up and fight this obvious dictatorship. When did Brits become so afraid and brainwashed?
We have entered  Covid 19 phase 2
Get ready for fake food shortages
Can 60% of the sheep hurry up take the vaccine so i don't have to ffs
Brexit came earlier than most thought after all 😅
What a mess
HOW CAN I GO ON HOLIDAY FOR MY 80TH BIRTHDAY????
This is how Brexit looks like. In other words this is a trial before Brexit happens.
Its already out in other countries, pointless banning travel.
All manipulated
This is setting up the narrative for humans not being allowed to travel until they've had the government injection that doesn't prevent you from getting covid
Very difficult situation, how to move 2021,we will see it.
This is outrageous
Responsible journalism would make it known to the population that a virus weakens when it changes. BBC  perpetuates mental harm on viewers and morally unfit as a public service.
Misinformation and over hyped hysteria from the media
IT'S A TRAP!
Is this creating new super strains like super bugs from antibiotics? https://youtu.be/LMByInGFKiM
welcome to hysterical conspiracy theories too
There is no mutant strain of covid because there is no covid, we've just been told that it exists when in reality it doesn't, that's how gullible society is, you don't even need to create a virus to make people believe, you just need to tell them that there is a new deadly virus and bombard them with fear mongering propaganda 24/7 and they will give up their rights and freedoms for a little safety, without you having to lift a finger. Welcome to the twilight zone, welcome to zombie nation welcome to the New Normal/Great reset.
A potential COVID-19 Cure. Not a prescription, but request for evaluation. Video at link below https://youtu.be/ezZ4VAE3gu8 Detailed documentation at google drive link below https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1oB4osrE6UpjYuFsp_LHE33RnqdSKXFG6?usp=sharing
Not a good news 😷☹️
Just a hint of "3rd WAVE"..
trash government.especially USA and his son UK
CDC States 1000’s adversely affected by Vaccine.  https://www.newswars.com/cdc-issues-new-guidelines-launches-probe-after-1000s-negatively-affected-following-covid-19-vaccination/
WHO Admits RT-PCR creates False Positives https://off-guardian.org/2020/12/18/who-finally-admits-pcr-tests-create-false-positives/
🇧🇩 tung
“When tyranny becomes law, rebellion becomes duty. ” –Some dead guy
2021 trailer
Even the USA Military, who created this Frankenstein Virus, have no idea how to stop it.
Prayers for the world
About time. Sick people flying everywhere.
Lockdown the UK 🇬🇧  Stop all travel to and from the uk. We need to save lives
Travel bans to UK by Europe , even though this new variant is very likely all over Europe too
So when we find a vaccine another variant just shows up? What a way to rub salt in a already wide open wound
India also ban now
Alas, if only we had a competent government
Strong to you 💪🏾
Hello guys i just found an special application now you can mine bitcoins in your smartphone easily download the app and earn lot off bitcoins i have also earned 505$ in 1 day   ....k https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bitcoinmatrix.mining.apps
End the licence fee
They fokin up, mate. I tell ya
#Vjchitra CCTV FOOTAGE New CCTV Footage Here 👇 VJ CHITHU FANS  LIKE 😭😭😭😭😭 https://youtu.be/OqqevvR5dqY
If you wanna make up to $10,000.within 1-2 months, contact me via.. https://wa.link/vnxrx1
1
