Search your heart... you've always known it to be true.
Ur space looks so ...not adhd lol the blue literally hurts me
Content decent.. personally.. just awful 😖 in a dorky nerd goober kinda way.. sorry not sorry
Follow up question: do vampires in the HP universe burn in the sunlight, shrivel with garlic, can’t see their reflections, etc?
My biggest argument is you think Voldemort would let a vampire be in his inner circle???
I didn’t even know vampires were a thing in this universe , when I was told about the guy named Sangu-salooni—screw it I’m gonna call him spaghetti, so yeah I was told about this vampire named spaghetti and did a double take like how does this work
Vampar vs Werewoof
What if Harry Potter is the vampire and Snape is the zombie that he has to use his vampiric powers to keep docile around the students in order to maintain his status as a Hogwarts student? In that scenario, James Potter would be Snape before he died, and Lily Potter would be the reason Snape became a zombie -- and since Voldemort insisted Lily did not HAVE to die, it probably was in some way avoidable. (Maybe Snape is a zombie because Petunia also wanted to bring a muggle back to life and turn him into a wizard, just like her big sister did with one of the Black sisters [which is why all three have different hair colors -- one is still alive and thus whole, the other two are the same person; one before death and the other after zombification], and copying her like that is what made Lily move out and take all the magic with her.)
He dies from a snakebite though and vampires are immortal somewhat
Snape isnt a vampire
Vampire or Animagus Bat?
Great you can bring the fire hazard into your home to catch your furniture on fire.
Or could he be a secret animagus that can turn into a bat like his classmates?
He can’t be a true vampire since he still ages. Vampires don’t age
My mom is afraid of snakes.
Well if you really think about it it would make sense if Lupin and Snape would give the students those sa's if that is what they are, since they don't like each other because if it's true that Snape is a vampire and we know that Lupin is a werewolf there are two reasons why they don't like each other 1 their history together and 2 vampires and werewolves are natural enemies 😂😊🎉
I’m convinced
Make this canon (she might not want to touch the shape character especially after he died)
I’m convinced
"Exactly two people can fly unsupported like this" what about when the death eaters or henchpeople or whoever are flying around London and crash into Diagon Alley? Is that not unsupported flight? Or when the death eaters show up at king's cross, don't they land from above in trails of black smoke? Might be misremembering.
I noticed all the bats referenced, but the vampire essay is a good point. I assumed Snape was able to turn into a bat or at least that would be his patronus
Snape isn't a vampire, he's a half vampire, the "half blood prince"
It’s funny watching this video, after watching Carlin say Snape could be black and still lore accurate
Except that there is actually a real vampire as a teacher, and him and Snape have nothing at all in common... so... Nope, Snape is not a vampire. ^^
You convinced me lol
i am pretty sure the constant comparisons to bats and in especially lupins case the vampire comment was usually done to annoy snape as a kind of running joke that snape is a lot like a vampire and/or a bat presumably carried on from the days when the marauders and snape were at school. I also think it was done to set up the ideas that he is either one an animagus that can turn into a bat much like how the marauders themselves are animagi and two to set up the idea his patronus is a bat to give the reveal that Snape's patronus is a doe an even extra shock factor. To me it is much more likely that snape is an animagi rather than a vampire but it is hard to say since we don't know what vampirism is like in harry potter the rules could be very different. It also raises the question of how he became a vampire since in certain lores vampires can't procreate and even if they can which they very well could we know snape's half-muggle and half-witch and must have become a vampire later in life presumably a lot later since vampires are immortal and have slower aging so snape must have been turned very recently because if he was born a vampire he probably wouldn't age as fast and would look like he is still in his mid 20s
top 3 favorite theory does ever have to be 'confirmed' just phenomenal head cannon
and now they want to make snape black in the new reboted harry potter series - such a great choice lol
The Vampire essay assigned by Lupin is what make me a believer in this theory.
Dumbledore didn't let him teach DADA because he knew the subject was cursed, everyone who taught it was either lost or killed and so was Snape at the end of the movie series, and Dumbledore of course didn't want Severus to die, he needed him alive as long as possible
snape = vempire - he can make a potion help him walk around in day-light - but the reason we dont see him a lot is that he need to take it before
What if shapes an animagus and made himself into a bat to track the Marauders?
I thought bat animagus, but after reading the coments.... yeah hes half vampire (half blood prince....)
12:33 MORTIS
Maybe he's just a HALF-BLOOD Vampire, and not entirely a vampire.
What if snapes is a half vampire? The half-blood prince of darkness
Ok. But have you compared a human embryo to a frog embryo? They don't really start looking like themselves til they hit the fetal stage.
He did wrap that cloak around himself too perfectly, like how a bat wraps their wings around themselves.  I never thought about him b possibly being a vampire until now. 😊
The classic literary example of a vampire, Dracula, also had an unrequited love for a mortal woman, similarly to Snape and Lily.  Hmmm.
probally an animagus that can turn into a bat
Okay, that intro was personal but you're welcome at the end   It's more like you're welcome. That's now stuck in your head for the rest of the day. Thanks mom. Thanks!
Snape isn't a vampire, but the world is.
This theory is great! But if it's true then how did Snape manage to crush the beans with the side of his silver knife in Half-Blood Prince?
Dumbledore does not want Snape teach DADA for multiple reasons, the curse on the position and Snape is a good double agent so does not want to lose him, also afraid the position might tempt him back to the dark side, and he needs the death eaters and voldemort to believe that Dumbledore does not trust Snape.
can vampires be out in daylight in harry potter? snapes runnin around in the sun all the time.
dhampire... half vampire... muggle parent, vampire wizard parent... half blood prince.. vampire .. even half vampires are considered princes...
6:13  he didn’t let him teach defence against the dark arts because the position was cursed with misfortune, preventing any teacher lasting more than one year in the role, up until Voldemort was dead Dumbledore had no choice but to seek people suitable only for temporary positions of employment.
I know this is an old vid but Snape also had a ton of gross things in his office.      (Snacks???)
I don't think Dumbledore kept Snape away from DaDa out of trust. I think he knew the position was jinxed and needed to keep him around. At least until he himself only had a year left to live.
Voldemort had actually changed him also making him a
Snape is not a vampire, he is the og goth-kid.🖤🦇
I think Dumbledore knew that the position was cursed by Voldemort and needed Snape to not come to any foul end if he taught that class.
Gotta admit, im convinced.
A "bit" late to the party, but: “I don’t expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses..." (Sorcerer's Stone)
what if snape is an anonimus and he can turn into a bat
Man even when the author says he isn't a vampire you're still adament he is... you're the type of guy to be told your car has a 2 litre engine but still belive it is a 5 litre 500hp engine
What about mothamagius for bats
Snape is an unregistered animagus. His animal form is a giant bat.
Snapes father was a muggle.
As TheToneBender and Oanedejong said that he is actually a “dhampir”: a creature that is the result of a vampire and a human, but in this case it was that his father was a vampire who was masquerading as a human and his mother Eileen Prince was a pure blood witch, and some legends have it that some vampires are telepathic, which is why he’s good at Legilimentie. And since he was a half blood {in this case half vampire/half magical) which means that actually he would have abilities from both sides. Which is why he was able to do things such as go outside during daytime hours {and have nothing bad happened to him) and eat regular food {from his magical side), and all the creepy s🤬t; his bat-like appearance, a fact that he “does not like” sunlight, his feud with Professor Lupin, and in his battle with Headmistress McGonagall when she threw him out the window or he went out the window (I can never remember which one it was) that he looked like half fog/half giant bat {from his vampire side).
i say snape is a half-vampire
Dumbledore knows the Defense Against the Dark Arts post is cursed by Voldemort. He may not have wanted to risk losing Snape until he had no choice in the 6th book
Maybe he is just a bat Animagus
Y'all can't tell me this doesn't sound like some rumor that a few scamps in Gryffindor would concoct.
you know who else is a vampire....Cedric Diggory #teamcedric
Great video:)
I think that he's possibly not a vampire, but, rather, that he's a vampir/daywalker/dhampir--offspring resulting from a cross between a vampire and a human. That would support Rowling's insistence that he's NOT a vampire and would also explain how he could grow from being a child already possessing vampire characteristics. His physical characteristics, such as his greasy hair and his large nose are characteristics possessed by a dhampir. I really like this theory, now that I've put it into text--I think that I'm going to run with it. :D
Probably not a vampire. But. I wouldn't doubt it if Snape was an animagus and the animal he turns into was a bat
He maybe a Vampire the same way Blade is a Vampire. He needs blood to survive (never mentioned in books),but can walk around in Daylight. Also Blade enjoys the dark more than light.
Snape`s a - to reference coldmirror - dark gothic witch. Being a bat def fits that aesthetic ;3
6:08 The reason why Dumbledore won't let Snape teach DADA is not because he doesn't fully trust him. It's because he knows the job is cursed so that no DADA teacher can hold the position for more than a year.  Dumbledore doesn't let Snape get the job because he doesn't want to risk compromising Snape's position as a spy.  If Snape had to leave Hogwarts because of the curse, Voldemort might not find him as useful anymore since he wouldn't be as close to Dumbledore. Which means Snape might lose his spot in Voldemort's inner circle.   However, Dumbledore lets Snape get the job in the Half-Blood Prince because he knows Snape is going to kill him within a year and, therefore, won't be a spy anymore anyway.
We already know a vampire in the series,  Cedric diggery
He can’t be a vampire. He doesn’t glitter in sunlight
considering no one should put any stock in that bigots opinion, yes snape is a vampire.
Wordplay in the names is often a clue, too. Severus Snape; severs nape.
Also two more CANON things: - In the hp world vampires live around 200 years, they are not immortals, they can actually die. - Also in this universe there's nothing said about the avada kadavra curse, being dead a vampire can actually not be affected by it.  AND let's remember how Snape died: not by the deadly curse (any other theory aside) but cause of Nagini's bites and venom...
Im on board.
If he’s not a vampire then he’s a animagus
Remus wasn't raised by wolves, but by ONE she-wolf (A "Lupa") ... A word which also meant se*-worker, so .. make of that what you will.
…….. wow
Yeah he doesn't smile because he doesn't want to reveal his fangs
Let’s be honest, Kathleen’s opinions haven’t mattered for years
I just think Snape is a bat animagus which is why he's so similar to the animal itself
Their is 1 glaring issue with this theory and that is vampires can't go out into sunlight and Snape does go outside many times in the daytime
Trochar !?? The tool used for draining a corpse of all its blood before embalming. Lovely.
❤  Love the video But 2:43 wolves definitely fight for dominance 😂 And dogs definitely are pack animals  The difference in adulthood speaks more to their personalities as children; Sirius is more headstrong and reckless like James; Lupin is the quieter more brilliant friend in the background. Similar to Hermione in some ways, or some people think more like Luna. Either way, James and Sirius are very similar to Harry and Ron
IDK if anyone has asked you guys before but my question is Why would voldemort not take over quirrell and reach out to Snape at any point since he is a death eater and a very capable wizard ?
Snape is Bruce Vayne. A bat.
Hmm have someone used the philosopher-stone on Snape, turning him in to a vampire. If you think of the story whit 3 brothers and dead, the 2nd brother had a some what living wife.  Imagine if the story are toned down to kids level. If the 2 brother was not able to like the killing she do to stay a life, he might stabbed her true her heart, and end him self. Philosopher-stone are might a cursed item. Means there are a chance Harry Potter are Vampire, therefor not having pulse, after Voldemort cast the spell to kill.  Dumbledore might raised Snape from the dead, to control him, and might make him immune to Snake poison. There by in the end, Snape just got out of the story. After doing the last task.
Dumbledore doesn’t let Snape teach Defense Against the Dark Arts because the position is cursed and he doesn’t want to lose him.
The vampires hate werewolves thing isn't part of any folklore I've seen (granted I could be wrong if so please someone point me to a source I'm interested) and I have a really dark hypothesis about that I"ll get to in a moment.  First fun fact in Greece there's a legend of creatures called vyrkolakas.  It's a type of vampire that was... a  werewolf in life.  The closest I know of is a notion called gods wolves in Litvonian (among other) history, yes history there's actually a witch trial about it see my channel for a reading of the transcript, where a man claimed to be a werewolf who acitvely fought evil witches.  Now for the dark bit.  THere is a nation that used both beings in their propaganda.  In t19th and 20th century German folktales werewolves were sometimes used as heroes and symbols of masculinity and Germany.  Of course the Nazis called their guerilla forces werewolves as well.  Nazis used vampires as well just in the other direction.  Vampires are parasites and foul... and associated with the Jews.  I wonder, and am by no means certain, if thats the actual source of this idea.
First time ever that I disagree with a theory from SCB
My guy idk if you know how wolves and dogs work lol unless you were being sarcastic commenting about wolves just peacefully getting together while dogs fight for dominance lol
It'd be cool if he were a vampire, but he isn't. We have to accept that because it's the canon.
Maybe his animagus form is a bat?
If Snape was a vampire at least since just-before-the-memory-happens then how come he grew up? Aren't vampires stuck in the apparent age of when they were transformed?
there's also a lot of stories about vampires being able to read minds. and what Kind of magic is Snape also particularly good at? occlumency and legilimency
That’s why he keeps Lupin’s secret. He can relate.
What if he’s not a vampire? What if he is an animagus like James and his friends. What if he figures out that they were becoming ones and he being so smart copied them. Then he becomes a bat and like the others becomes more like the animal he turns into.
Yet another idiot!
Are nigini’s fangs wooden stakes/garlic flavoured
Seems Severus is an Animagus. and can turn into a bat, which is awesome, because bats are adorable.
I think Sirius would make a better vampir---- nevermind. (Kudos if you get this.)           The actor was Dracula in Bram Stoker's Dracula.
I don't think he was a Vampire but I do think he was a Dampir, his father was a vampire.
He's not a vampire. He's a hakf vampire. Or possibly a bat animagus. Australia has almost hunan sized bats so it's possible either way.
No Snape isnt a vampire.. he is capable of roaming outside in the  heck of a daylight.. for eg he saved harry on muttering the spell during Harry's quidditch match in his first year.. he is being compared with bat, as he possesses the qualities of bat .. but thts it, nothing more to it.
I was all about this theory back in the day.
Pretty sure he's a Wizard 🤦‍♂️
DAYWALKER!!!!!
snape assigns an essay on werewolfs infront of a werewolfs class then lupin takes his old map that he used to mess with snape from snape before then assigning an essay on vampires
He’s literally a Byronic hero. His archetype which was made by Lord Byron (based on Lord Byron’s own personality) and Lord Byron was the inspiration for the modern day vampire. Youre welcome
Often in writing an author finds the characters develop themselves. I think no matter how hard she tried to write him as human his vampire self comes out.
You could say that Snape really was the demon headmaster in book 7 then!
I would wanna fact check that bat-snake embryo thing, since all pics of bat-snake embryos I found (and I am 20 minutes of digging in) look almost nothing alike, only in very early stages.. but that blob can still be anything else, lol..
My younger cousin watched the first harry potter film with me a few weeks ago. After the movie finished the first question he asked was "Is snape a vampire or something".
What about the quidditch match in broad daylight in chamber of secrets?
i think he is a vanpier
Plot twist: Snape wasn’t a vampire, but was an animagus who could turn into a bat.
I'm a snape fan ... with this video I believe he is  a vampire now the question is did snape really die? As a vampire you need to behead or steak in the heart and snape only had his throat ripped open something a vampire could live through... you never hear about his body afterwards
I think D doesnt let Snape teach DADA is bc he knows it is cursed and he knows he needs snape around and cant risk anything causing Snape to leave hogwarts before it's time.
I can explain the vampire references with Snape. Originally she wrote the potions teacher as a vampire but she decided against it because vampires were such a prominent part of fantasy that she felt it was too bland. The vampire references are more of a easter egg .
Snape is definitely a vampire.  Always thought so
Maybe a Dhampir, as in the child of a vampire. But he's immune to sunlight, albeit sensitive to it. That would be my guess.
You know the theoty's gonna be good when it's sponsored by Better Help
6:56 He wants darkness because he is going to use the projector and those things are better seen with the lights out
6:14 Does that scene appear in the movie?? Like I know the situation, first Snape's lesson, Harry writting what Snape says down and Snape telling him that fame isn't everything so he had to pay attention. But I don't remember Snape getting so close and actually sitting on a chair right in front of Harry
Why would naginis poision effect him if hed a vampire?
He just has the appearance of a vampire or maybe he is secretly Batman. 😆😅🤣😂
I think he didn’t let Snape teach our arts because he knew the dark arts position was cursed
arent vampires also supposed to be very intelligent and good at magic thats the reason i thought snape was a vampire besides his already obvious bat like features plus even after J.K. said he wasnt she still goes out of her way to make him seem more and more like a vampire in the novels
ok but Dumbledore didn't let him teach DADA because he couldn't have his spy dying 😂cursed position, remember?
IM CONVINCED
Being fair, you also thought Draco was a werewolf.
I think she may have intended this to be the case, and then scrapped it at some point because it needlessly complicated his character, at a certain point the proper time to introduce it had passed by, and it may even undermine elements of the overall story. I could see how it all worked (why lilly would choose James over a vampire, why James would zero in on bullying Snape, etc), but considering we knew nothing about him until the last book, the plot twist of "he was in love with your mom, oh also he was a vampire" is really unnecessary.  For those wondering... There is no reason a vampire can't be in the sun. "The Sun kills vampires" thing wasn't a part of the vampire lore found in the earliest gothic novels from the 1800's which more or less spawned the concept of the modern vampire. It was a creation of Hollywood, to have a quick and dramatic way to kill a vampire. In fact, prior to those books, there really was no traditional of vampires as we know them,  they were simply malevolent undead spirits who might use blood to extend their lives, and even that wasn't consistent. That they were nocturnal has more to do with their feeding habits (it's easier to feed on humans when they are asleep than awake). In the earliest vampire stories (The Vampyre - 1819 (which incidentally was an expansion of the story that lost to Frankenstein), and Carmilla -1874), their primary way for feeding and creating offspring vampires was seduction. In 'The Vampyre', Aubrey travels with the vampire Lord Ruthven across Europe, presumably during the day, without noticing anything odd about his traveling arrangements.
I think its probably more tragic like LEARNING to Become a bat similar to the marauders to FEEL In on the club OR Just keep an eye on their Animalian activities... Therefore he'd appear to be a vampire by muggle movie standards... so they joke about him being a vampire which makes it either a foolish mistake of Quirrel in warding off snape or poor assumption of how his Bat transformation and imitation truly works... What if he can Partially transform or use the abilities of his transformed state when he Needs to?  Theres a LOT of mystery left there which feels like it deserves a book but then that destroys the wonder and possibility for the people wondering more than a decade later you know?  But I think he JUST Wanted to be part of the Turning into Animals club and OF COURSE Turns to a Bat... and then OF COURSE his bloody patronus is Harry's Mum or whatever... its all just WORST Outcome Lovestory Ever... But man does he help out her kid whilst being the Stern Father that kids hate but force them to grow, which... I can't imagine him being okay raising the boy... but Who would've UNDERSTOOD the LoveCounterCurse Shenanigans BETTER than Snape being the one who taught Lily before school? But he ends up forced to just watch her boyfriend who bullies her doing werewolf management every fullmoon... even more reason to learn to get around like a bat... and his Style... of COURSE they're gonna make vampire jokes around someone who naturally learns to turn into a bat and use such powers... But the Garlick is like a Middle Finger whilst playing dumb... Regardless of whether or not he had any sense of Horcruxes of Voldemort being in both the boy and the back of quirrel's head or whatever... its messy and there are a lot of questions... I bet some adjustments to the text arent made cause of knowing how itd irritate the fanbase or something...  So MAYBE Bat Animagus kinda transformation similar or more complex than the methods of marauders? I wonder if Lupin just wants some students to Think Snape is a vampire or MAYBE Help him with this silly "ah I hear he's just a vampire" thing when knowing he's actually not...  Like Maybe he just LIKES darkness cause of the bat magic he did to learn to transform or partially transform while a vampire might have different circumstances or weakness that could be assumed... Though then he'd have been blood drinking which then just confuses the readerbase with the vampire stuff which JUST Draws away from the story and puts TOO MUCH Focus on Snape... So the Plotpoints NEED to be avoided to not make people focus on him before more shock revelations can be made...  It might even be Better NOT KNOWING how and whatever he did.. But I bet its something complex blending dark arts, potionbrewing brilliance, Human Transfiguration and MAYBE Something like creating clones that Imperio oneself to Force Brainwash oneself to transform partially or Manifest one's transformed state using magic without stuff...  OR He Just IS THE BATMAN... but in a more Literal sense where he MIMICS Bat Qualities with potions and Transfiguration of his Cape and some Unspoken wandless magic so he has a constant state of wingardium leviosa and Depulso radiating through his Cloak/Clothing? THAT Would make his Flight make more sense BUT Make it seem like something requiring a Little bit more talent and MAYBE Less training than MORE Complex Quidditch stuff... though the unspoken magic and casting several spells simultaneously like jinxes and Transfiguration DOES sound complex... I mean Magic version of Batman Cape for his Cloak? Makes enough sense to me... MAYBE he'd view his Methodology of using animal abilities whilst not Transforming to be Superior though it does SEEM like a Muggle Movie Vampire ability thus People making the Vampire Jokes and Comments around him to show they Know a Bit about him and his nature....  But talking Vampires after someone talks Werewolfs in your own class... that feels like it can also be to cover because it then leads to noticing "ah well if Snape isnt a Vampire then professor Lupin CANT be a Werewolf... Nothin to worry about!"  Just goin down as many lines of logic as I can whilst rambling and medicated whilst tired... excuse the rambles, aye?
I am not convinced that he is a vampire. However I am sure that if he were an Animagis he would be a Bat.
And when he duelled McGonagoll he looked like a vampire there too
NO,  there is one big problem. well not actually a big, a DEAL BREAKING problem. Severus Snape can walk in the sun.  i always thought the odd smell was the half dead Voldemort under the turban, as garlic is not an odd smell it is easily recognized. some may say garlic is potent or unessential but not odd.
tbf the room smelling like garlic might be because of voldemort's the back of his head, remember fred said his TURBAN smelled like garlic and the author themselves said outright that snape was not a vampire
You were just named dropped for this on whatculture about 4 hrs ago!
Weird move to consider the statement of the author a valid argument in any sense with this series.
Btw, how did Snape die again? Oh, he was pierced in the NECK? By FANGS? Hmm….
Regarding the mirror of Erised: I am not convinced that a vampire could not use it. They cannot see their own reflection, but that is not what the mirror shows
He can't be a vampire, not fully at least because he goes outside in broad daylight.
My main question isn’t really related to this topic…you bring up the rivalry between Vampires and Werewolves, but I don’t understand WHY that rivalry exists in Vampire and Werewolf lore…which is why in my universe, which has Vampires and Werewolves, I just…ignore it
It would be a good reason why Lily did not stay with Snape and chose James, Harry’s father, instead.
So snake bites kill vampires? Or are we doubling down on the whole 'Snape is alive' thing?
FIRSTLINE:Snape is a vampire First picture: snape standing in the sun
Draculin is an anticoagulant found in the salvia of vampire bats which keeps their victim's blood flowing while they feed. Snape also invented sectumsempra which causes sever hemorrhaging.
JK is brilliant, eh?
I wouldn’t be surprised if he had a vampiric ancestor (if they can procreate in this version of their lore) and these were just traits he inherited.
The bit about the essay is just brilliant. That alone is enough to convince me
I mean I think that's Snapes character though. There were a lot of things about him where you'd say he is this type of guy. (Bad guy, not a lover, etc.) And it turned out he wasn't what he seemed to be.  Same with this, even though he seemed to have the traits of a vampire he really isn't.   Us assuming Snape is one thing, only for JK to show us he wasn't that person we assumed him to be. That's one of Snape "characteristics"  So I can believe we were meant to believe he was a vampire, only to find out (like other things thought about him) he isn't one.
Maybe he’s just an animagus
Throughout the entirety of me reading the books, I kept waiting when it would say Snape is a vampire
0:17 DUMBLEDOOORE! 😃😂
Ok this one out of pocket
Good try, but not convinced. Too many spurious comparisons. Example, if Prof. Qurill were really trying to protect himself from a Snape vampire why wouldn't he carry garlic on his person. Certainly this would have kept Snape off his tail. When teaching about werewolves Snape pulls the curtains, not because he doesn't like sunlight but because he uses a projector for the lesson.  The subject of non-verbal spells is especially difficult. A candlelit classroom helps to eliminate all distractions and help the students achieve a calm mind so as to better focus. Snape was able to beat harry to the Forbidden Forrest because, as you pointed out, he is capable of non-supported flight, not because he can transform into a bat. Finally, Snape is compared to a bat because he looks like a bat, doesn't he. Just my two cents. What do you think?
yes i belive that snape is a vampire
I find it funny that everyone in the comment section seems to take the first idea of a vampire that pops into their head and assumes that is how all vampires work all the time. Not all vampires are repelled by sunlight look at the lost boys. Not all vampires are afraid of sunlight Bram Stoker's Dracula for instance. In some form or another vampires have had pretty much every power or weakness at one point or another. While I do think he was intended to be a vampire and the idea was scrapped, that in no way implies that vampires cast no reflection or is repulsed by garlic or silver or whatever everyone is tacking onto the idea of a vampire. For instance what if the vampires in the Hogwart's world feed on life force and not on blood, in that case dementors would be more like vampires. Look up the manananggal if you want to see a completely insane idea of a vampire.
I think he's an animagus that turns into a bat
Or maybe he is animagi with bat as his animal form.
I have to say he is not, unless vampires are different in the wizarding world. He is out in the sun, his leg took a while to heal, and the way he died are all not how vampires work.
You have convinced me 😀
He could possibly be a BAT ANIMAGUS!
I only clicked on the video because I was like "no way, that's dumb," but yeah, you sold it super well!! Nice work researching everything so well!!
I wouldn't rule out The Mirror of Erised showing a vampire. First of all, it shows you your hearts deepest desire, not your reflection. So, it's not a matter of showing a reflection. It just needs to be aware you're in front of it. Also, it was able to show harry while underneath the invisibility cloak... an actual deathly hallow. And for the latter reason, I'm pretty sure if it knew Harry was there, then it would work for a vampire.
That would explain Why I love Snape and Lupin so much.
yes you did convince me well that snape could be a vampire
Sun light 🤔
Snape is Batman! He is a hero. Not the one we deserved but the one we needed.
Not a vampire. Thank you !
The reason Dumbledore never let Snape teach defence against the dark arts is because the job was cursed.  In the 6th book adter Dumbledore shows harry the memory of his interview with Voldemort when he came to hogwarts looking for a job.  Dumbledore specifically mentions that since that interview they never had a DADA teacher last longer then a year.   So he couldn't give the job to Snape because he could never risk losing Snape. He lets him in the half blood prince because he already knew snape would have to kill him and leave the school by the end of the year anyway. (Or atleast that was his plan)
Say I'm convinced. Enough said. Be blessed brother in Jesus name amen 👏🙏
Here is an interesting tidbit. Vampires actually do still have a reflection. You just cannot see it with a traditional mirror because mirrors traditionally used silver as the reflective agent and silver is a "pure" metal. But if a vampire walked in front of the TV or peered into a still lake, you would still be able to see their reflection.
These seems like bat references not vampire references, similar but not identical. Perhaps he's an animagus that can turn into a bat. He's a pretty obsessive guy going all in on just about anything. I can totally see him attemting to become one if he knew James, Sirius and even Peter of all people could do it. And if they could do it I'm sure he could, and would definetely be a bat. The similarity to snakes in the embryo stage is wild!!!!! Good find. Curiously, if this was the intention, or the vampire thing was the intention, I feel like there would be a blindness reference or an echo location reference; maybe a phrase saying sometimes it feels like he can hear through walls. Great theory, and I hope we get more about his parentage someday
He can’t be a vampire in that same scene in his memories he is outside in daylight several times
I think he might have been originally intended to be one. Then by the time it was scraped, the signs had already been embedded into his character. The flight thing might either be a reference to this idea or the Voldemort flight just with Snape.
WAAAIT IF HE IS A VAMPIRE WOULD HIS BOGGART BE SUN??? WHICH IS THE OPPOSITE OF LUPIN'S MOON!!!
Dude you have more and larger sponsor blocks than linus tech tips
For the millionth time, the Defense against the Dark Arts position was cursed and Dumbledore knew about it, he wanted to keep Snape in Howgarts and only gave him the position when he knew he was going to die.
What if Voldemort told Quarrel Snapes a vampire, which is why he's so obsessed about him being one?
But then how was he killed by a snakebite?
He also was a Slytherin with his common room and dormitory below ground and his classroom in the dungeons... awfully convenient...
You did convince me haha
Gosh... other than walking around in daylight countless times and being killed in a way that wouldn't kill a vampire, brilliant. Now come up with reasons why Mad Eye Moody is secretly a '57 Chevy...
ok if snape is a vampire how is he able to survive sunlight how is he allowed a wand when only witches and wizards are allowed a wand  also voldmort wondnt have allowed snape to become a death eater also the parents of the young witches and wizards woundnt want a vampire to teach their children just like they wouldnt want a werewolf teaching their children for fear of their kids getting killed  plus the bat refrences toward snape its called creative writing
Maybe JK didn't know the truth about Snape. You know that she's vehemently against humans transforming themselves.
Snap is an animangas and he turns into a bat....
I mean punk emo whatever was rather large in the uk so it's equally likely he's at least part vampire as it is he cries hearing a g on a piano
It also explains why they pranked Snape by hanging him upside down with his pants off (is that right?). Vampire bullies. That also would suggest that James knew exactly what he was doing. Extra hate for James Potter.
At the very least, his animagis would be a bat lol
I think filtch might beat him in the unshowered department
I like the idea that he's a half-vampire
Yes!!
I’m convinced.
There's also the fact that Voldemort didn't use the killing curse, which probably wouldn't work on the undead. Gonna assume Nagini has venom close to a basilisk which would have an easy time of it, so it tracks
Fun fact: the trope of Vampires and Werewolves being natural enemies actually comes from their roles in folklore. Vampires are evil creatures of the night and Werewolves are humans who take the form of wolves, to fight monsters of the night. (Though the oldest legends of Werewolves typically depict them as people going to sleep and essentially manifesting in the form of a wolf)
@12:45 "After Snape dies"  How can a Vampire die by a Snake, even if it was Nagini, a Maledictus??  That makes zero sense.
Oh my gosh… he’s a vampire!  All this time, I thought he was just goth.    Lupin assigning the vampire essay, after Snape had tipped off Hermione, proves it for me. I never caught that.
I think the boys stumble on  Old storylines that JK although decided  not to use taking them out kept the scenes in although  i think intended snape To be an animagei your spot on boys
At first I thought the idea was riddiculus, bat you might actually be onto something.
Hes not a vampire hes a sad emo vamp
bat animagus  dhampir
I think beyond a shadow of a doubt JK was fully intending to have a big reveal that Snape was actually a vampire… and then Twilight happened so she scrapped it
I thought you might also mention the fact that Snape always seems to be wide awake late at night which, if he’s a vampire, would be because he doesn’t need to sleep.
Well, I'm convinced.
when Bill gets bitten by a non transformed werewolf he gets some symptoms of a werewolf (like rare meat) so possibly snape is a half vampire and can half transform into a vampire
It's gotta be Cedric 👁👄👁
Wouldn't it make more sense for him to just be a bat animagus? Especially  since he's a master potions expert that rewrote his own potions textbook while still in school as well as being a prodigious spellsmith who could no doubt handle the encantations required to undergo the brewing and transformation process if not rediscover or reinvent them entirely which would also explain why his unassisted flight ability looked different then voldamorts. It could just be a partial transformation based on his unique altered animagus powers. And with him being an ex deatheater it would make complete sense if he hid it and never registered as an animagus.
Ok I have to ask are you guys saying the towel or trowel section? And why?
Are vampires in the Harry Potter world susceptible to sunlight? If so, Snape would need to make a potion to allow him to go out for Quidditch matches etc.
I love that Harry learned so much from Snape without realizing it. Of course there was Expeliarmus, but also all the potions and spells he learned from his Half Blood Prince potions book. It just goes to show that if Harry and Snape had just let go of their feud, Harry could have learned even more from him. Harry really liked the Half Blood Prince until he knew it was Snape and until he realized how dangerous Septum Seprus was.
There was a Champion in Warcraft III:frozen throne under the human faction who was a half vampire. his title.....The Half Blood Prince.
No wonder he has a fan base you know how girls love vampires
i am .... definately convinced he's well... half-vampire half-bat but he is definitely a bat🏏🏏🏏🏏🏏
... 8:11 and you already basically convinced me ... though we do see him outside don't we?
1:21 Not watched yet but my answer to this is a big fat NO!
yes
Well we dont have a TON of proof hes a VAMPIRE because he can go in daylight.... But he could be a bat animagus and its not just Voldemort who can fly around like that so can all the death eaters and the order of the phoenix because of the scene in the department of mysteries in OOTP (oder of the phoenix)
How come everyone forgets Hagrid Flies broomless on book 1? or is it explained how out of the books? im learning lol
Vampire or Dhampir.  Dhampirs being the son of a vamp father and a human female
This theory should have a website like the Draco is a werewolf one that would be cool.
OMFG AND HE CAME OUT OF A UCKING TREE
I can't imagine that Snape is a vampire, because he goes outside in daylight without sunglasses and doesn't turn to ash in the sun. The fact that he can turn into a bat is not unusual in the wizarding world. He may have been born a shapeshifter, and is secretly an Animagus, along the lines of Sirius and Pettigrew Peter.
Pretty sure he's just a creepy dude
But what about the inmoratality trait of the vampires?If Snape is a vampire how long has he been alive?
Nice, a really believable headcanon, hard to find in these dark days
Half-vampire. (Idea was inspired by someone else)
If Voldemort knew Snape was one of his death eaters, why was Quirrel so apparently frightened or extra cautious around Snape? Is it simply because Voldemort didn't want to out himself just yet?
My gut tells me she wanted him to be a vampire but the onset of the Twilight popularity made her change her mind …and she’s too embarrassed to admit that so she’s just pretending it’s all a coincidence
Dumbledor figured Voldermort curse the position of the defense against the dark arts which would be a reason he never allowed Snape to teach till the year he knew he was going to die and snape would probably kill him. Remember Voldermort went to Dumbledor to request a position to teach that but Dumbledor turned him down. -_-
Dumbledore was hoping defense against the dark arts cursed by Lord Voldemort and didn't want Snape to get hurt incase it was.
a curse has been placed on this position. that's why he wouldn't let Snape teach it
I'm convinced now
He can go out in the daylight, that’s the only thing that makes me think otherwise on this theory, unless he’s one of those vampires that can go out in the daylight,
Snape is such a good vampire, that he should have been one. He is one in my head.
Could Snape be an animagous and becomes a bat?
*holds up picture of Snape speaking counter curse in the quidditch bleachers, sunlit glorious face.*
well I think his mother was a vampire then he wold have inherited the bat like features and dislike of garlic without blood being his main supplement although he most likely enjoys the blood flavor and most likely gets blood flavored lollypops commonly
Snape isnt a bat, he's what we use to call a GOTH KID!
Can i just correct you in one thing? We  have seen pretty much ALL death eaters fly around as black smoke. Not just  Voldemort and Snape.... This is a Voldemort/ Death eater trait in general. In battle of 7 potters, unless i am  mistaken, all assailant death eaters  are chasing them without broomsticks. Which i always  found to be unfair towards our guys to be honest,, since the  good wizards arent able to fly withoout broomsticks..But then again, they transformed into glowy white smoke and fought against death eaters toe to toe in the Prophecies archive of the Ministry,  when  Sirius died..soo i am not so sure what is going on there.
He's often described as bat-like, but given that it's possible for wizards to turn into animals, I think it makes more sense if he's a bat animagus, and not a vampire. The comparisons to how Rita Skeeter is found out to be an animagus would make more sense that way, plus Snape becaming an animagus as a mirror to the Mauraders becoming animagi feels very appropriate.
I love the Harry Potter Puppet Pals reference at the beginning.
Is nobody gonna realize that the sponsor changed 😮 or is it just my eyes playing tricks on me
you missed a vampire Cedric Digory
Yessssssssss
New head cannon
wait a second. Were Snape a vampire he would be immortal, wouldn't he? Why then he got killed by Nagini. Why wouldn't Voldemort gain immortality by becoming a vampire. If Voldemort couldn't get to become a vampire and one just got to be a vapmire eternally, then how come we see Snape's and Lily's childhood. The are too many plotholes here.   Dhampir theory makes way more sense. As for the flying - he could simply be an unregisterred bat Animagus
Severus means "Grave" and Snape or Sneap means "to bite".
Well your theory is wrong he can't be one as his mother is a witch and his father a muggle
Nope. Occam's razor: He's at most an unregistered animagus.
He could also be an animagus that turns into a bat
The half-vampire idea appeals to me or perhaps he is animagus.
If snaps isn’t a vampire maybe he is possibly a bat animagus.
i just saw a video of snape possibly still alive, im going to watch it next
well.. if he was a vamp, i don't think he would have died from snake bites.. a stake in the heart maybe, but not snake bites.. he wasn't hit with a killing curse so maybe he wasn't meant to die, he made it look like he did in front of Harry.. i betcha he's still alive..
He is the OG Daywalker
Half vampire, Half Wizard the Half Blood Prince.
Definitely he's a vampire or at least an animagus that turns into a bat  Also in half blood prince Draco is a werewolf
The HALF blood prince isn't a vampire.... he is a halfblood
Voldemort did NOT allow anything but pure Humans to become Deatheaters! That is why Greyback the werewolf could never join them. Voldemort would not make a Vampire a deatheater let alone one of the highst amongst them.
doesnt snape also walk around in the dark without needing lights too
Well an interesting theory unfortunately. JK Rowling's confirmed it to be false. Her exact quote was For a long time there was a persistent fan rumour that Snape might be a vampire. While it is true that he has an unhealthy pallor, and is sometimes described as looking like a large bat in his long black cloak, he never actually turns into a bat, we meet him outside the castle by daylight, and no corpses with puncture marks in their necks ever turn up at Hogwarts. In short, Snape is not a revamped Trocar.
If he were, invisibility would not prevent him detecting the invisible person due to the heightened senses of a vampire. Also, no one can see a vampire's reflection. Further, sunlight is a mainstay vampire weakness and we see Snape in sunlight often, to no apparent I'll effect. Finally, if the werewolf/vampire antagonism exist in the Potter verse, Lupin would be openly hostile to him, which he isn't.
You've missed over one crucial point that shatters the theory. In the first book / movie while he and Quirrel have their exchange at dominion over Harry's broomstick, he basks his face in direct sunlight, which is not something that in folklore and it's adaptations vampires do, since it's either kills them or exposes their true nature.
That bullet point on Snape and Lupin outing each other through homework assignments is hilarious. Some of these points definitely deserved more screen time and plot structure.
when you see the memory of him meeting lilly he just appears out of the darkness of the tree lol why was he just chilling in there
Convinced!
I'm going with Rowling started with a vampire character but decided not to include vampires up front but kept the elements in the Snape character.
You have convinced me that the intent was there, unlike the other characters there was no payoff
This just in latest addition on the Quibler ...
instead of vampire, it could be an animagus , makes more sense , and is similar to what is mentioned about  lupin and sirius characters
Least showered? Have you *met* Filch??????
Rowling did concider bringing a vampire professor into the series, but chose Lupin to be a werewolf
Snape has a patronus tho which you need a pure soul to use and wouldn’t vampires not have a soul cause yanno there dead
I think JK originally wanted the potions master to be a vampire, then later discarded the idea, but retained the vampire-like characteristics for Snape, even though she changed her mind and made him human. So more like author laziness rather than a brilliant secret she was keeping from the fandom about Snape actually being a vampire
I just want that freakin’ Slotherin pillow
You guys think Dumbledore says "keep an eye on Quirrel, won't you? “ because he can non-verbally cast homenium revelio and see Voldemort's face under the cloth??
It's BATMAN !! Lol but i will never change my mind i love snape !!
Vampires wouldn't have oily hair.
I think Dumbledore trusts Snape completely, the reason he didn't let him teach defense is because the position is cursed. Dumbledore would have told Snape this, and so they saved his DADA teaching position until the last moment, just before Snape could step up into the headmaster position.
i agree ypu opened my eyes to the possibilty
Expelli-ARR mus. Hermione would be critical.
I can prove Snape is not a vampire in one easy step. Remember when we see him as a child talking to child Lilly and he already resembles himself, dark and yet pale and batlike? If he was a vampire,  he never would have grown up. Vampires stay the age that they were turned at, so we can assume that if he *was* a vampire, it would have happened much later in life. But would hardly explain his bat-like appearance which he had since always.  Also, can't all Deatheaters fly that way? In the battles of the Department of Mysteries and Hogwarts I thought everyone was flying around, Aurors in white smoke and Deatheaters in black smoke. As I understood, it was some sort of semi-coporeal kind of advanced Apparating.
I think Snape found out about the Marauders being animagus and delved into the same path, so now he can turn into a bat
You forgot that Half-Blood is a derogatory term used for when a human and a vampire have a child
Another interesting point to consider between werewolves and vampires is that both are generally brought into pop culture via the same novel and character: Dracula
Make more marvel content please
If Snape is a Vampire, could he still have been killed by Nagini?  If not, does that disprove the theory... or implies that Snape is still alive, possibly having faked his own death.
You know... It's J.K.Rowling after all, what I we just assume that... She's wrong... And just say that Snape is a vampire.
If he's not a vampire then he should at least be a bat animagus.
No he is a amgamagis that turn into a bat
I began to see this video with this in my mind “What? No way, snape couldn’t be a vampire”. I ended this video like this “Of course, how could it see before?!?!”
Convincing.
Not a vampire, just an over the hill goth guy
Snape definitely IS a vampire
I think Rowling forgot about him TURNING INTO A GIANT BAT, after he jumps out the window, when she wrote that vampire article ... Yeah Snape is now forever a vampire in my head.
Snape: I'm not a vampire... I'm... Batman!
6:16 when does Snape take the time to sit down in front of a student? Let alone Harry.
Isn't it more likely that he's just connected to what's probably his animagus form?  Because he's not a vampire. That's at least clear.
None of this is remotely proof. It's mostly just conjecture.
I'm convinced! Snape IS a vampire in my head from now on! Btw, fun fact, he is called Perselus Piton in the Hungarian version. Idk if the first name has anything to do with Perseus, but the last is definitely how we write python!!! He very much is associated with snakes here in Hungary.
I believe Snape is a vampire bat Animagus. J.k.R. said her self snape isn't a vampire. This would explain why he is compared to a bat. Saying he is bat like and not saying vampiric like. I also dont think he's a dhampir vamp/human. Another likely possibility is a Dhampir. But neither his mother nor father seem to be weak to light, etc. Also, that would technically be a type of vampire.
It’s fine jk r*wling isn’t the author anymore in our minds, and once you publish a book it is no longer yours, it’s the worlds. Even if she says it’s not cannon she’s a terf so everything she says isn’t canon ❤
Snape being a vampire would explain why he so good at reading people's minds and blocking people from reading his mind
Ricky makes a solid point,"I'll one up this; Snape isn't a vampire... He's a dhampir. A creature which is the result of a vampire and a human (so he's also a half blood, hence half blood prince would make sense there to have a double meaning beyond just his mum's name)." Also, depending on the vampire lore not all vampires are without reflection.
That would explain how Snape could walk in the dark when he was asked to put the light out I’m sorry but with that darkness I would bump against the wall also would kinda explain why Nagini needed to kill Snape we thought first of honor and respect but this could make the change
Yes
Dumbledore didn’t want Snape to teach Defense against the dark Arts because he knew that Voldemort cursed the job. It had nothing to do with doubting Snape
6:10  Unless you're talking about specifically the in universe lore Harry Potter  it's a common misconception that you cannot see your reflection in a mirror if you're a vampire it's not the fact that you cannot see your reflection in a mirror  it's that most old world mirrors were layered with silver the silver in fact rejects the vampire so if you had like a modern day mirror that you'd buy a Dollar General or something like that a vampire should totally see his or her reflection
I’m convinced but also thought he could be an animagus & have bat tendencies.
Rowling says that Cirsed Child is cannon, so I say Snape is a vampire.
JK Rowling DID admit that Snape WAS supposed to be a completely different character named Trocar that was indeed a vampire. This character is infact still in the books and movies, he can be seen at Slughorns Christmas Party, he’s the pale man wearing the pinstripe suit surrounded by young girls.
Just like in Professor J.R.R. Tolkien's works of the Balrogs and there use of wings, and fly symbolize  the  literary terms of wings or flying. The description of a bat only show the characteristics of Snape to the reader.
Or was supposed to be JK Rowling decided against it
Yes
I'm convinced
232692nd
Here in the first 2 months.
Totally convinced me. She has to have intended it, but then retreated from her own idea. But simple the mindblowing duell between Snape-Lupin by teaching to the kids exactly what creature the other one is should be enough to prove it. Completely genious.
I'm not convinced jk Rowling is truthful, I believe she leaves some things to interpretation and leaves secrets for the reader to figure out. I believe this because I was taking a writing class and it said no good writer ever writes things just because. There is always a reason for everything in the book. We know she's a good writer so that would imply everything in her book has a reason. In the first class Snape tells them about an antidote for poison. I believe she wrote that to show that in the end he didn't actually die despite her saying he did. Therefore she's not completely truthful and other things shes said might not be true so even though she says hes not a vampire that doesn't mean he's not.
Loved this!  I’ve been convinced since the essays on werewolves and vampires, and before that, I had legit thought a vampire was being described when Snape was first introduced in the first book.  Anyway, this just further cements it in my head that Snape’s a vampire (regardless of what JK Rowling said).
I was in until the reveal that JK said he isn’t. HE SHOULD BE!🦇
Personally, I don't believe he is a vampire because of the nature of vampires. they are known to be immortal and never age. ik this could be changed so that he could die, but vampires have to be turned and they are not born that way. this means if the flashback shows him as batlike and young, it is not possible for him to have aged into the wizard we see on screen. also, he is obviously connected to bats but that could be due to multiple reasons, like an animagi or maledictus that never got to transform. or it could just be a commonly used analogy that's used to paint a picture and create suspicion among the readers. also, he is never shown to have any connection to blood, coffins or any other stereotypical vampire esk things.
The Harry potters computer games were my favourite because you could collect chocolate frog cards about famous vampires from the world AND also play the dueling club multiple times until you become the champion !!!
Is there a chance that he is an unregistered bat animagus?
If only Trocar was a character
Snape is Batman
That’s actually crazy
I have always had my suspicions about Snape being a vampire as it was . All you did was give me more evidence to support that. Despite what Miss Rowling had to say on the matter. If he wasn’t, why on earth, would everybody be comparing him to a bat all the time??
All the death eaters can fly like that, not just Snape and Volde
He is the child of a Vampire, thus embued with some of their traits.
ive always believed he was a bat animagus
NO.
I mean it's really hard to tell I guess the obvious question to ask for that is there version of vampires the same as ours? It makes since that they would since there werewolves are. Which if so the anwser is obviously no. Snape can walk sunlight. There's no obvious fangs in his mouth. And there's no mention of any students or teachers there going to the medical wing becouse of vampire like bite marks. I mean that would be some extreme self control if he just didn't bite anyone. And if he had blood packs I think someone would of noticed him smuggling in a bunch of blood packs into hogwarts. There would also be issue with him at hogwarts as a student for the same reason. Considering he would be living in a dorm with many other kids it would be hard to hide that. Where as a werewolf is a lot easier to hide becouse you can just lock yourself up on each full moon and make a excuse. Such as "well I was studying and needed to be alone for a experienent" if your a student and we already know how a teacher did it. There's just much more obvious afflictions to vampires that he would have to show.
Could he be a bat animagus
I’m completely convinced Snape is Vamp life now lol
But if he was a vampire, then... why doesen't he have any trouble being in the sunlight???
If there are portraits of every headmaster in Dumbledore’s office, are there also portraits of the four Founders with their memories there?
Could you guys do a video on the whole “in essence divided?” situation
J.K. Rowling: Snape is not a vampire but was born to a witch mother and a muggle father. the books and the movie series: Portrays and describe Snape like a vampire. me: 😵‍💫😵‍💫😵‍💫😵‍💫
Ok, but He dies from snake poisons which is incredibly unvampire-like.   Also, isn't it heavily implied that he's Harry's real dad. I mean he goes out of his way to protect him behind the scenes a ton and Harry looks more like him than James, with his dark hair, and nerdiness. And there's the whole tragic love story between Snape and Lily. It doesn't sit well with me that Harry's Mom might have cheated, but the evidence is there.
He could be a bat animagus, which would explain why he's bat like, similar to how serious is dog like
Hmm...no sadly you didnt. Because there is ONE big problem. How does Snape not burst into flames once in the sunlight? He isnt wearing a hood and we SEE him outside in the first book so...yeah
No. No "you're welcome". How dare you put that back into my head. So many years have passed and I had finally forgotten that was a thing....and now it's back. 😂
He didn’t die a vampire death
But can't vampires not enter a room without an invitation?
probably a vampire if not maybe hes a half vampire
Another thing to look at, everytime there's a scene with all the students and professors eating a meal, Snape never has food on his plate, or isn't ever seen eating food at all
I think that evidence could easily be used to prove he's a bat animagus.
Does being a "half-blood" meant being a vampire... or a half vampire (or day walker vampire)?
Nice
Ok This is a cool Idea but look...heres my thoughts, Snapes ability for unsupported flight could have come from many things, Voldemort's teachings or maybe the fact that snapes known for making his own spells. Also there is a lot that isn't told to us about the world and its left for us to think. Snapes childhood scene already looks like life has been hitting him hard. Constant bullying and the fact that the women of his dreams has been taken from him ( Harry's Momma). With that being said fast forward however many years and Snape has been become bitter and on top of it all has to be a double agent for Dumbledore and no one knows but them two until events unfold( Stressful if you ask me ). I honestly feel that Snapes character was extremally depressed hence the dark cloths, Dark rooms, and his ways with Harry. Lastly When Voldemort took snape out in the last movie it wouldn't of been possible due to vampire lore and how to finish Vampires off. Look at Dracula and his mannerisms ( depressed, lonely, mad at the world ) all because he lost the love of his life. So In a nutshell i think that's why there so a like, Almost emo per say.
If Snape is a vampire, did Hermione figured it out? Did Lily knew?
Also Snape's apparent ability of unassisted flight
Ok, YouTube algorithm, you won. I will watch the movies again! 🤷‍♂even if I am too old for it...
snape not a vampire but  he wish/want to be one
Another indication that Snape could be a vampire is, when Voldemort kills Snape he doesn't use AVADA KEDAVRA, but rather opens his throat and then sends in Nagini to finish him off. This suggests AVADA KEDAVRA wouldn't work if he was already dead, hence a step away from Voldemort signature kill method
I think he doesn’t let Snape teach defense of the dark arts bc it’s cursed and Dumbledore doesn’t want anything to happen to him.
Well supported theory I would say! But how did Snape die so easily from venom then? Maybe JK Rowling vampires are different or maybe Nagini's venom is special but still... Is is possible that he is just a secret bat animagus? Then he will have the resemblance to bat like the other animagi to their animals. Quirrell could have still done the garlic to appear harmless and scared, while Lupin's essay on vampires might have been just a coincidence or trying to distract the students from himself.  Another possibility is that Snape is a half-vampire if that thing is possible at all.
he's 100% maybe a bat Animagus but he may be a vampire
Well nots not an idea I've come across before... An interesting thought experiment at least.
The game Hogwarts Mystery almost confirmed this theory with one of the Christmas side quest. There’s a point where you meet up with Rita Skeeter, and in return for giving you information, she asks for some juicy gossip. Snaps being a vampire is one of the options, along with Harris being a werewolf, and Dumbledore being a metamorphmagus. I got a screenshot, but I can’t put pictures into comments apparently. But I thought you would like to know
Worth noting:  One major reason Snape was never given the DADA position was because the position was cursed.  No professor could teach it longer than one year.  Dumbledore needed him around, so he didn't get the position until the very end.  As for the broader subject:  I generally tend to err on the side of word of god when available; if the author says he's not a vampire, he's not a vampire.
I'm almost embarrassed that I failed to notice this. I thought that it was merely a figure of speech to paint an unfavorable picture...
This happens often, the main person on a channel or the most watched is the attraction and the other people copy down to the hand gestures and talking speed and literally every mannerism, it's really pathetic that you don't see how your pretending to be someone without even knowing and fir a few pennies, pmsl
What a delirium. Only those who watched only movies can be convinced that Snape is a vampire.  How about this? There are bats exist which eat only fruits. Let’s say you eat only fruits. So are you a vampire or not. All example you brought can be applied to many other different characters.
I don't actually think this is canon, but your interpretation of it would be hilarious.
🦇 How cool! I love it! 🦇
In the Harry Potter: a Hogwarts Mystery game, you can give Rita skeeter a “juicy tidbit of information” and if you have a high enough level in some things, you can say Snape is a vampire. I just found that funny.
In addition to this Snape also moves like a typical vampire. When he cross his arms he do it in a peculiar way that is reminiscent of how vampires have crossed arms when they sleep and I noticed that the actor pulled the cloak over himself while doing it like with how bats hug themselves with their wings. Not to mention how dramatic he likes to be with his cape. All of these details are mostly in the movie so i don't think it fully counts but at the same time it makes me think that the actor undoubtably have vampires as a conscious influence.  But the biggest clue of all got to be Snapes love for Lilly because of its parallel to Dracula! That type of deep soulful dedication to the person they love that goes on far after death that is the main motivation of the character overall also happens to be one of the biggest traits of Snape as a character.   I am surprisingly convinced of this theory. But I can also imagine that the original vampire character JK considered including instead got used as inspiration. That way snape is not a vampire and is only inspired by one. But i admit that would be kind of weird if vampires actually exists in the world. I saw someone else in the comments say that Snape was a half vampire so that could also make sense and that could be the reason why JK said that he was not a vampire.
You know, no one is thinking, that like other animagus’ where the person takes on aspects of what they change into, that maybe Snape has an unregistered form of a Flying Fox, the worlds current largest know bat.
Lupin sealed it for me. I really don't care what JK says at this point. Fan theories are separate creations and don't rely on author confirmation IMO for what it's worth.
You just called wolves democratic. I'm out
maby hes a Dhampir  a half vampire he is known as the half blood prince afterall
Was this commissioned by Xenophilius Lovegood for the Quibbler? 😂
The sectumsempra hex for making people bleed out… fits nicely
Vampires and werewolves are NOT "classically" adversaries.  In fact, vampires like Dracula could turn into wolves.  But the idea got started in Universal horror films and then grew in the modern Twilight and Underworld series and other movies like "Van Helsing".
SNAPE IS MAGIC BATMAN!
An interesting idea, i love imagining that my father could be a vampire and transforms mother in some way. We call him vampire to mock him at home 😂 💜🖤💚
Except he bleeds
A vampire named Trocar...I'm glad she scrapped that it's even more on the nose than Lupin. A Trocar is the instrument morticians use to remove fluid from bodies.
He could just be an animagus bat instead of vampire
Couldn't he just be decended from a dhamphyre? A half human half vampire? I possible may be writing this wrongly...  I mean, wouldn't it just make more sense for the Prince to be defended from dhamphyres? That would explain why Tobias Snape, who was the man Eileen literally got banished from her family for, was abusive. Eileen was also a potioneer and that's basically "being useful despite my disability" kind of thing. We know he can't be someone that was born as a vampire at the fact that he kept aging even after, what we don't know is if it's taken from a page of the children's books of fangs that literally some children of a family turn vampires other just don't.   Who knows And also, do we know if V just didn't have Snape make a potion to turn him more similar to whatever he was in order to be able to fly?
The whole time, all I can think of are the immortal words of Tommy wiseau "maybe Johnny is vampire "
But jk Rowling said he's not a creature of the night
A little off topic but it popped in my head seeing snape duel mcgonagall it made me think how Dumbledore would’ve trusted mcgonagall but probably chose to never reveal snape as a double agent or his true intentions with hairy seeing as how he tells snape and even Snape a man we know is willing to do bad things for the right reasons is taken back at the idea of raising Harry to die at the ideal moment so i imagine then that Dumbledore wouldn’t wanna tell Minerva cause he knew she wouldn’t  agree and more than likely wouldn’t allow Harry to just die even if that were what must be done.
Jk Rowling is actually a character in her own books and is also a vampire so she goes out of her way to hide the existence of snapes true identity out of fear of being canceled.
Snape is .. Batman
He never brought up the argument, that if he is a vampire why do we see him in daylight with the sun on his skin??? I kept waiting for it... other than that solid video.
secret bat animagus???
So Snape is a bat... Not a vampire...
Don't think a vampire would die from a snake attack
How can snake be a vampire stepping out in sunlight !! Y’all do the most 😂
He never lets Snape teach defense against the dark arts until... Professor Slughorn returns finally after several attempts by Dumbledore.  My thinking then is he didn't let Snape teach it in case he was able to convince Slughorn to return.  You can't just ask a teacher that has potentially been teaching for years to step down all of a sudden.....UNLESS... It's Snape.
I am not convinced he is a vampire, but I really want it to be true because the idea of Lupin assigning his vanpire essay in retaliation made me die of laughter
not a vampire, she just uses consistently lazy descriptors then catches herself writing fanfic when she runs out of ideas
It's interesting that the vampires didn't make it into the story either, because lycanthropy in the HP universe is an allegory for AIDS. I wonder how JK would have represented vampires in her books. Would it be another affliction like lycanthrophy or just a different race that can use magic like the Giants and Goblins?
Snape made the sectum sempra spell which causes lots of bleeding
I'll buy it. Subconscious choice, perhaps, or further down the rabbit hole of symbolic influences.
This makes me want to see a tv show set after the battle of hogwarts where vampire snape who has been half dead all this time, finally gains enough energy back and rises from his coffin, like what did I miss?  Ooh and maybe he didn’t know he was a vampire till that point and the rest of the show just follows him as he learns what it means to be a vampire!!
Always wondered why he seemed to disdain sunlight. He was a bat man litterally.literally. His class room was dark and  in the dungeon.
If Snapes a vampire, Batman is too. Sorry boys, hes just wrapped in dark sadness.
Snape is not a vampire. Rowling is overly obvious about races, she lets you know who is what and even pairs names to races (even ones which were not born that way, such as Professor Lupin, but tragically live up to their name later in life). If she meant for Snape to be a vampire, it would have been stated throughout the book series and it was not. At the very least, added in an interview afterthought, such as her "well, Dumbledore is gay" bomb which her writing does not hint nor reflect in the slightest; the same reveal would have been made of Severus due to his popularity.   He eats, he drinks, he goes out in daylight. His character is 31 at start, he has matured at normal speed from school age 'til we meet him, and aged with it. He does not transform into a bat, he never drinks blood, nor self medicates with any repressive potion (and he is the master of potions). If you want a better understanding of the book version of Severus, read Snape by Lorie Kim. It is a fantastic breakdown of the character book by book and shows you the underlying story of HP so many overlook because they are distracted by the children's antics.
Yeah, you convinced me, I agree, except that only Voldemort and Snape are capable of supportless fliegt… all deatheaters are… we’ve seen that a few times in the movies… also the order of the phoenix came flying into to the Department of Mysteries without brooms… 🤔
On iZombie, there is a bit character called Steve, who serves as the Seattle PD's IT expert. I swear his wardrobe and hair style, even some of his mannerisms, are partially inspired by Snape's.
He should be a vampire. Would better explain why he turned evil at a young age too. The fear of being socially outcasted as a vampire would drive anyone into isolation & make bad choices.
If i remembered right, Snape can't be a vampire, if so he would do anything to stay clear of Professor Quirrell, that has garlic in the turban, at least in the book :-D I paused the video 1:41 in and wrote this, so Snape could have made a powder or something to hide the fact vampires don't like garlic :-D
Also there is one more more clue that snape is a vampire or at least a bat. Snape is a potion master. One of the ways to turn into an animal is a grueling month long potion making endevour that permenently lets you shift between human and animal. We do not know when snape learned or mastered potion brewing, but he might have been one of the ones that became part animal.
The more evidence i hear, the more crackpot and made up it sounds. It comes off as a conspiracy theory, but i can't look away and want it to be true. However i am worried that there are clues that contradict the theory.
I would like to know more about what a vampire is in the potterverse.  With our current literature going far beyond, 'it's a metaphor for parasitic personalities' I would like to know what a vampire is like in this series to say one way or another whether Snape is one.
After watching Blood Rayne, this makes sense!
The bat references went right over my head.
The whole snake is a vampire theory is added Credence with the symbolism that he often spent time hanging upside down by one leg because of the Marauders
Classic Severus is Batman
What is up with that that prefect weight!😂 I know exactly what u mean!
It would be just like a vampire to create sectum sempra
I viewed Snape was a psychic vampire, the bat like comments were merely pejorative interjection.
Couldn’t he be an animagus ? And take the form of a bat or a flying fox ?
Dang son, this is legit. I never even thought of this and I have been through the books and movies 5+ times lol. BTW These socks ARE amazing
SCB, always better head cannon than the original ;-)
in philosphers stone snape is sitting in the quiddictch benches without any problems. vampires burn in the daylight
It's like lupins parents planned it!
This is interesting, & and yes, I think Snape is a vampire. There are additional clues, though. The biggest perhaps being that his original patronus is a bat (til he falls in love with Lily) We never see him eat or drink (food), he is particularly good at mind reading (something Vampires are know for) So here's a thought; Nagini COULDNT have killed Snape, because he's already undead, & snake venom doesn't affect Kindred. So Snape didn't die, he simple made the appearance of it.
Who is this jk rowling person? Everyone knows the HP books were found in the Scottish highland in various locations and is published under an anonymous author.   Sounds like without that jk person this could be true!
Dumbledore!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The animal is theory makes more sense. Neatly everyone here seems to forget the animagus concept and how it’s possible to choose an animagus form. Maybe Snape always liked bats as a kid, identified with them (or there’s the “totem animal” concept not brought up in the books), liked their powers, and chose to be a bat animagus. No need to debate whether or not he’s a vampire. I do like the dhampir idea too, but Snape being an animagus fits a lot better than the vampire idea.  The author deliberately chose names that fit the personalities of the characters in a very on the nose way, not that a name meant a character would be a certain way. It’s all about literary devices and similes/metaphors and creative use of descriptive language, not necessarily a clue (could be but not inevitable). Lots of clever stuff going on…
There’s no way
No Way. Look at his teeth. fangs? I think Not
Love the theory. One caveat I can think of is that Snape attends quidditch matches during the day
Don't forget Snape's sectumsempra curse, which causes the victim to bleed out.
What if he's just a bat animagus?
Thank goodness for head cannon
And when Snape was killed by Nagini?
When the writer sais he is not a vampire....he is not a freakin vampire....also in every vampire novel or movie sunlight hurts vampires....(no I don't think Twillight is a real vampire series). Also if J.K. didn't even mention it clearly....we have never seen Snape doing vamp stuff, like drinking blood, shapeshift......and you just justify the flying part to your credit.....every death eater can fly.....at least the skilled ones....if you still think he is a vampire....than Sirius is a werewolf...which is also not true.
Still tryin to live that "hey brother" life....2 m subs but not even 200k views after 9 days. Adapt or become obsolete
Anyone else think it's weird that when the author denounces an idea about her book, people still go off the rails with the theory? Like this one. We learn there are pages in a book about vampires, but we don't get specific information about the Harry Potter Vampire compared with the Bram Stoker Vampire, so all the inferences could not be accurate at all. But who cares because people love vampires and werewolves right? And they'll chew to the bone even if the bone doesn't exist.
6:19 this is completely false; while it was an in-universe theory that Dumbledore declined the DADA teaching position to Snape due to concern that he would revert to his old ways, the true (and confirmed) reason was because of the jinx and that Dumbledore didn’t want to lose Snape to the jinx (and since he knew Snape would have to be on the run at the end of HBP, that was when the position was given to Snape since Snape would have had to leave Hogwarts either way).
Maybe his animagus is a bat? I do like the idea of him being a vampire though especially after all the examples you pointed out.
Snape is just a Goth Lol
Snape can't be a pure vampire as he would not age. He could be half vampire which would add another layer to the Half Blood Prince.
Now that song it stuck in my head lol thank you
I never considered Snape to be a vampire, but it does make sense.
snape always liked dark dungeons like filch but for punishment , always considered greasy hair and black robes pale skin
Probably an anamagus
In The Order Of The Phoenix Snap is going to a special mission, and well I there a possibility that he went to convince the other vampires not to join Voldemort... Like Lupine ...
They just didnt want to promote the idea of elites drinking childblood now its even the new tiktok trend to chrome it up, beyond insanity
Huh, didn't know undead immortals were susceptible to snake venom...
This is similar to the question of whether Balrogs have wings. Is it a description or just a literary device?
Well I mean, if anyone is going to know that Snape is a vampire it's Voldy. And to be fair to JK, there is a lot that goes on in this fantasy world. It's highly unlikely that every single layer is going to be perfectly smooth without a single wrinkle.
lol vampire boys
It would be funny if snape is thought to be a vampire by all the students and then it turns out to be some other guy.
The garlic is used to mask the smell emitting from beneath his turban...
And my idea of the whole situation of snape being a vampire is like this; He is vampire-like traits if a vampire but he is not a vampire
Authors will frequently discount speculation which cannot be definitively proven in the available text.  We would honestly need much more information, specifically about vampires within the Wizarding World.  Effects of sunlight, abilities, how one becomes a vampire, can one be born a vampire et al.
He wore the garlic to mask the smell of Lord Voldemort living on the back of his head.
You clearly forgot Sectumsempra, didn't you?
He could just be the Bat Animagus, which would explain his bat-like behaviour....
They have werewolves, so having a vampire only makes sense. And when I think of snape, I think of a bat. So maybe Snape has a bat agumagus. And animagasus tend to take on the personality of what they're able to transform into and the personalities determine what they turn into. He might be a slytherin, but he's definitely a bat.
i was unsure weather or not he was but this has me thinking ALOT about it
Where did Sirius get the trench coat after he transformed back into a human when he met up with Harry at King's Station? If he used his wand to conjure the coat,  how did he carry it? Did he insert the wand INTO the only place a dog can hide a wand??? 😳 Where did the trench coat come from???
ok one plothole if he's a vampire why doesnt he just come back from the dead?
Candles are a fire hazard at the best of time id never advertise a indoor fire pit if 1 person was to get burnt or 1 child...nii not after what i have seen ...nope
Well, I'm convinced haha
Nah if Snape was really a vampire or even a vampire half breed umbridge would have been clamoring for that firing
Or he’s just an animagus. Perhaps he wanted to make peace with the marauders and join them. But failed to do so when things went so bad with Lily. Or he just couldn’t stand the idea they could do something he couldn’t.
I just think that Snape can just turn into a bat not being an actual vampire like how Sirius can turn into dog
Since Rowling says he isn't, I'm gonna go with Dhampir, too.  Plus, they are supposed to always want to destroy their dark forebearer, so maybe that was more reason for him to want to be the defense against the dark arts teacher.
Hmm. I won’t go all the way to vampire, though I get what you’re saying. I don’t see a problem with him just being able to become a bat though — like as a transformation/animagus.
I always thought the garlic smell was to disguise Voldemort by keeping people at a distance, but I think I’m adopting this as head cannon 😂
I don’t think he’s a vampire per de even jkr says he isn’t but he could be an animagus, wait for it,… as a bat!  It fits so well! How did this get passed up?!
JKR is a horrible bigoted person so who cares what she thinks?! Great theory!
Ben, there is one point about vampires that you forgot here. That point is that unlike a vampire, Snape is unaffected by sunlight. If you need precedence for this, consider the Quidditch matches he attended. Also, it just doesn't seem like something Rowling would essentially lie about.
This theory reminds me of how Jar Jar was meant to be the big bad. All the evidence adds up but to no reveal. I like it, great video.
Yeah Ben you made some pretty good points.
Or he is also a animagus in form of a bat
The dog/wolf comparison was a little off imo
Snape has greasy hair because he can't shower, due to vampires having a weakness to running water
Vampire 100%
Well I'm convinced, makes sense, just need J.K. Rowling to write it in
Here's an idea what if Snape is an obscirrus spelled horribly wrong I'm sure. That would explain a lot including his flying
He  may not be a vampire by birth... but certainly he is one due to his attitude ♥
Honestly I have thought the same thing.
Five, I would like this channel to stop buying into bad arguments and perpetuating them.   This is an example of a bad argument on several sevels.  1. Corolation does not equal causation. 2. There are no overt examples of vampire activity, i.e. drinking blood. He would have had a blood flavored lolipop at least, wouldn't he?  3. Vampires don't grow up. He could not have been one even as a kid, he was just a goth or emo kid. 4. Erroneous information, such as bat embryos and lolipops does not add to an argument; they provide distraction.  5. Nocturnal activity, if that is your evidence, would also mean Filch and Moody were vampires as well.   Please, stop this behavior. It's cute, it's fun, but it's demonstrating that you can't make an effective argument and fuels conspiracy theories.
Four, Snape is an Emo kid before Emo kids were cool lol
Three, snape is called a bat because he can probably transform himself into a bat lol
Garlic isn't proof, it demonstrates that Quirrel wanted to play up the Vamp gag and cover up the smell of blood on himself. He was posessed by a ghost thing, that would probably be unhealthy.   Second, the vamp v. Werewolf thing would be HILARIOUS, but I think it's just JK refrencing the vamp v. Werewolf battle.
Well.. Rowling is constantly changing canon.. so why can’t we? Snape is a vampire. Period.
I like this theory. It does add a lot of background to the character. Also I’d like to add that maybe the reason Dumbledor kelts Snape as potion master was so he could brew himself blood potion or other similar substitute potions to keep his hunger in check.
I really wish the books had been written by a better writer, it would have been amazing.
Yes he is 👌🏻
I came to this video skeptical but I believe you have convinced me! Mind. Blown. 🤯
I've been thinking...and it would be cool if Snape was a vampire, or some iteration. Or what if he followed the marauders lead and became an animagus of a bat?
Canon
There are no werewolves in Twilight. Those are skin walkers. So the only thing supporting the idea that Snape is a vampire is that he's described as looking and moving like a giant bat. He never drinks blood or even talks about it. He's just vaguely "batlike."
Well no, despite the good evidence you did not convince me. Purely because the creator of the character says it isn't true.
Besides the author outright denying he’s a vampire the only 2 things don’t sell me on it. 1: is he clearly ages (from a boy w/ lily & if you count the movies Alan Rickman ages)  2: he dies to a snake bite and I don’t think that would kill a vampire even if the snake was magical  If someone can shoot these down I’m 100% onboard
U convinced me but my only question is if he was a vampire, how could he die by Nigeeni's bite? They only die from a steak to the heart, not a bite from a snake
if the marauders were animagi would not snape know and would he he not become one too, so  instead  of a vampire he is a bat animagis
If he was a vampire then I'm sure the Rufus Scrimgeour would have known plus vampires should be immune to poison.
What if he is not a vampire but an unregistered animagus since he would have picked up on the steps they took having the lead in their mouth for a month. He would have been curious and found out about it
I was convinced from like, book 2 that Snape was a vampire. Was so peeved when it never happened. Sure McFuckface was aiming to do it and then changed her mind x
Snape is the real hero of the story ... he is also the only one to sacrifice everything for the idea of not even winning the fight but just not loosing it.
The question not answered is in folklor vampires don't come out and survive during day So either in harry potter world its different or he's a mix but don't believe he's a full vampire
snape i feel was the secondary idea of Trokar the vampire teacher of the school since they have so many similar behaviours with harry amongst other things
Vampire reflexes would explain why PROFESSOR Snape is so good at dueling. Why is Voldemort better? He can duel Mcgonagall Kingsley and Slughorn all at the same time. Can he simply think the spell “Avada Kedavra” or “ Protego” faster than anyone else? Did his resurrection potion grant his new body the reflexes of a cat and the speed of a mongoose? I don’t understand.
Perhaps Snape is not a vampire, but an animagus who can turn into a bat
To be fair, if it came out in the school that Snape was a vampire most people would actually feel more relieved. It makes a lot more since to rationalize that he draws the curtains and acts all strange because of what is essentially a medical condition as apposed to just to come off as so menicing and dark.
To add to this highly entertaining headcanon, he's either a Thinblood or Lasombra. Thinblood Alchemy and the general theme of being hunted works as well as Lasombra ruthlessness with a sprinkling of their unique brand of loyalty and their, ahem, peculiar relationship with shadows and reflective surfaces. Thanks for giving me a reason to claim Snape and take him away from the TERF queen 🦇
I counter with the first quidditch match in philosopher's stone every teacher is sitting outside (broad daylight), Quirrell is trying to kill harry and Snape is actually trying to counter Quirrell's magic, if Snape was a vampire, he would be dead from exposure
Yeah...makes sense.  And makes it more fun.
You guys could convince me of just about anything, lol. Every since you explained why Hagrid is a Slytherin, I've preferred your theories to Rowling's not-so-well-thought-out backstories😄 keep it up!!
Agree, Snape is a dhampir or a bat animorph. Don't have to be a vampire to shapeshift into a bat.
Now to take to Twitter and ask rowling about it, and tell her she messed up.
Would've been cool if his animagus was a bat
I’m glad you’re calling her “JK Rowling” again. And not “the author” anymore. ☺️
Snape is a vampire... and trans.
Cant the death eaters and the Auror fly? What is it when the go all smoky and and what not?
Lgbtq+ is family friendly. Lgbtq+ is family friendly. Lgbtq+ is family friendly. Lgbtq+ is family friendly. Lgbtq+ is family friendly. Lgbtq+ is family friendly. Lgbtq+ is family friendly. Lgbtq+ is family friendly. Lgbtq+ is family friendly. Lgbtq+ is family friendly.
I always thought snape could be a vampire or at least half a vampire.   Also as a kid reading Harry Potter, I always would see the word snape out of the corner of my eye on the page before getting to it and thought it said snake.  My eyes would always have to skip over to see it to make sure it actually said snape and not snake before continuing to read.  And even then when I confirmed it said snape,  it always still looked like snake when my eyes weren’t directly focusing on the word.
While I think it's an attractive theory that Snape is a vampire, comparing him to Lupin and all, I think it more likely he's an animagus bat.
Nah, Snape is just an edge lord and is probably only emulating vampires to seem more intimidating to people without ever having to go to the gym or learn karate.
On top of all that, what can vampires also do? Mind control! What is Snape good at as well? Mind control!
He's either a vampire or an animagus.
Let's Not forget the famous question from Dumbledore . And the answer- Always. His love/ loyalty didn't stop when Lilly-Harry's mother-was killed . I will take a step further still. What if the plan- of Snape - was to protect Lilly because he knew he would outlive James- Harry's dad- as a vampire and so hope to be with Lilly again after James had lived out his life.
What’s even interesting about Snape being a Bat/Vampire, is that Bats look almost dog like as well, being called “flying foxes”. So it fits in with Remus and Lupin being a wolf and dog.
Batsman can fly like that two!!!
yes
I mean. you did convins mi more than befour
„How dogs tend to fight for dominance, versus the more democratic nature of wolfs that peacefully form a pack“ :D can‘t believe it
How in the world can you guys STILL support betterhelp?!?! Its fkn insane at this point
Can you do a video about how time turners might be compasses too? Because the Earth is always traveling around the universe with the solar system, so if you just go back in time you will end up in the middle of space so I think time turners are are actually compasses too
Hello to all can you do a video on how Harry and Ron can find the train using the car if hogwrots is hidden the train should by hidden two or you could just follow the train
I love the idea. And even if he's not a vampire, I would really like the idea of him at least being a bat animagus to reference his somewhat vampiric appearance.
I'm a simple girl. I see Snape or Sirius, I always click😆
Nah.. we all know that Snape is really an energy vampire.
What if he was an animagius? As a bat.....hmmm
Okay, this was awesome! 😎
evidence in this seems to point more to him being a bat Animagus.
Can we mention that a power vampires often have is mind control/reading and snape is unusually good at legilamency and occlumency
What if he’s part vampire? It’s hinted that his patronus changed to match Lily’s after she died, but do we ever hear what it was before. It could have been a bat.
I remember reading about only Voldemort and Snape being able of flying unsupported and then seeing all the death eaters “flying” in the movies. It felt a little weird.
I’m convinced.  I always love your fan theories, and this one had quite a bit of supporting evidence!
That... Or Snape's an animagus
Wasn’t he outside during Harry’s first quidditch game… in the sun??? Or do vampires not die in sunlight in this universe?
This theory combines my two favourite things  Is X a Y theories and contradicting JK Rowling
A bunch of hogwash and trying to connect dots where dots don't connect
I’m convinced.
Not to mention Snape invents the spell Sectumsempru which literally draws blood for your target
How did Voldemort kill him if he was a vampire no heart stake
How is it you guys ALWAYS manage to convince me? 😅
Probably the best theory I've heard, though Rowling did explicitly deny it. But maybe he fooled her, too 🙂
If Snape is indeed a vampire/bat, that makes me like him even more! 🦇 🧛🏻‍♀️
Welp. I'm convinced. :)
what if nevil was the chosen one series
Can you do one on vanishing cabinet. There is connection with voldemort as he used to work in Borgin and Burkes. Why that place of all the place need to be connected to Hogwarts. Why Dumbledore didn't act on it, if he realised the connection, Bcz Snape saved Montague from it. He must have known for sure.
Sold! Your content is such high quality, thank you
Solid! Good content!
You definitely convinced me
Have you considered he may be an unregistered animagus it would explain alot
I think you are on to something here. At the end of the day, I don’t think he is a vampire. But it does seem like that was in the plans while it was being made!
well maybe but it would rly seal the deal if vampires can cast spells or even if they area loowed to carry wands at all if both awnsersa re no than its rly hard to support this theory
I feel like if he were a vampire then JK Rowling would have said he was
Or just like Black and Rita, he's an animagis.
But Snape dies, vampires are immortal unless someone drives a stake through their heart and that is not how Snape died
What about when snape was countering quirrels curse during the quiddich match? Do Rowling's vampires not care about sunlight?
I say Death Of The Author=true, forget JK Rowling and screw her constant Word Of God-ing regarding the story.
Where do we go to submit video ideas? I think an interesting video could be about why exactly the killing curse is considered to be an Unforgivable Curse, while none of the other spells that kill their victims share that accolade. If anything, I think the killing curse is  method method of murder than something like fiendfyre, due to the whole collateral damage thing. It also seems kinder than Sectumsempra or any of the other spells that would kill in a much more painful way. At face value, Avada Kedavra seems to be the kindest, least damaging method of killing someone, yet it is treated as the worst. There has to be more that that spell in particular is doing, for it to warrant the unforgivable moniker.
100% is Snape a Vampire! Just rewatch the third Movie and pay close attention to when Harry and Hermine go back in time. One lil hint: They‘re waiting behind trees while watching a tree, and the bird finds the bat quite chewy
He may not be a vampire but a bat animagus, all Rowling said was hes not a vampire she didn't say anything like it's a coincidence or hes only referring to snape like this because of quirril so there must be a meaning behind it and the only one I can think of is him being an unauthorised animagus
If what a vampire most desired was to be human, would the mirror show their reflection?
perhaps infact Snape was a Vampire Thrall who was in practice of vampiric magic..if you look into it Thralls could be trained this form of magic to better serve their masters...or family in other words...but this is just a theory of mine.
And in the movie the scene with the map, Snape is getting around without any light when Harry encounters him 👀
I'm convinced! Makes me want to watch the draco is a werewolf video again.
What if he just is an animagus of a bat. If the marauder’s did it snaps would’ve done it just to compete.
Must use some SERIOUS sunblock during the quidditch games.
My theory when the books were coming out was that he wasn't a vampire but an animageous bat. I was so sure for like the last three books that I was genuinely shocked when there was no pay off!   In my head cannon he is and he was actually in bat form when he overhead Trewlawny's prediction and Dumbledore recognized him because he knows everything and that's when he was apprehended.    All in all the 13 year old inside me is feeling vindicated that I argued that theory so ferociously at the time!  Thanks for the video collecting all the evidence so I can show people I wasn't crazy for thinking there was foreshadowing everywhere that never came to fruition!
Wolves do not peacefully form packs. The Alpha Male and Female dominate with violence the rest of the pack into complaisance which is why they role over when the alphas growl.
I think what happened is that J.K Rowling originally intended for snape to be vampire so write his character to secretly be one  but than after writing the books decided to retcon the idea. But F Rowling so I say he’s a vampire.
"Batlike-shape" ="I Am the Vengeance. I am the Night. I am Batman!" Snape is the Wizarding World's Batman!!
If the Author says he’s not a vampire, he’s not a vampire. Y’all can pretend all you want. But if the creators say something is true about their stuff. Who are we to debate with them?
I always figured Voldemort's face on the back of Quirrel's head smelled like a corpse, and all the garlic was to cover that.  We're told the turban has a "funny smell".  Not just garlic, which the students would have recognized, nor corpse, which isn't exactly funny, but corpse+garlic, which is a weird enough combination to merit such a vague description.
I don't think Snape is a vampire but If I were to remake the movies into a tv series I would make him infected by a vampire in some way, making a unique potion every day to stop becoming a full vampire.
Er, no. Being bat-like and being a vampire or two different things.
It could be a possibility remember hes the half blood prince half one thing and half another what if one half he's a vampire probably from his mother side of the family and a wizard from his father side. So Snape can have vampire traits but not actually be one fully.
As for Rowling saying he isnt, she said Cursed Child was canon sooooo... Can't always take her word on what's canon or not.
he cant be as the sen wouldve fried him so many times
He also made the spell Sectumsempra, a spell to create a none closing wound to drink your fill 🧐 Bats do this with saliva that stops wounds closing so they can keep drinking.
Or son of one... Maybe even a vampire King? Making I'm a half blood half undead prince?
Personally, while I like the idea a lot, I think its more likely that he is yet another unregistered animagus with the form of a bat.  Its also possible he is both, I supose.
I don't know why, but I'm glad to hear you guys use JK Rowling's name. I disagree with most of what she says about transgenders (unless something's changed since, I haven't kept up with it in a while), but I disagree with cancel culture. I also don't think that she's wholly evil for her views -- she doesn't seem to hate or feel uncomfortable around trans people (not dissimilar to certain members of my family, whom I love) just some old fashioned views (she is of senior citizen age after all).   At the end of the day, you've been saying "the author" instead of using her name. Although in this video you mentioned her by name directly. Why the change in approach?
I am not surprised the author refused to recognize Snape’s transformation into a vampire.
"While it is true that he has an unhealthy pallor, and is sometimes described as looking like a large bat in his long black cloak, he never actually turns into a bat, we meet him outside the castle by daylight, and no corpses with puncture marks in their necks ever turn up at Hogwarts. In short, Snape is not a re-vamped Trocar."-sadly this isn't true
So you’re saying Snape is Batman?
OK I’m starting to believe that Snape might be a vampire although the garlic thing with quarrel I  always thought he was trying to masque the scent of Voldemort or something not sure why
I thought we didn't speak her name
If not a vampire he is definitely an unregistered bat animagus for sure
Yes! He’s a sneaky lil bat! Small minded and thinks for himself only.
Perfect theory love it
Don't know if this got covered before, but I always wondered: in chamber of secrets Harry chats with Voldemort through the diary. Voldemort though, introduces himself as Tom Riddle. How did this not ring all bells in Harry? It wasn't a secret that Tom turned into Voldemort, was it? So shouldn't all people know that Tom is Voldemort?
They why did he go outside with the sun out. Another thing is he would not like bright lights from wands and candles.
"I would have loved to be a fly on the wall in that room" is also a common saying about wanting to know more about private matters
I’ve had this thought for so long now and this is the first time I’ve seen anyone else bring up this idea. I always felt like the twilight series threw off jks original ideas.
What powers do vampires have in Harry Potter? Snape clearly is not immortal or undead..
He’s not a vampire, he’s actually Batman 😆
I'm more convinced that he would just be a bat if he was an animagus. By this logic Umbridge is a weretoad or something.
If Snape was a vampire he must have been turned later in his life. Despite resembling a bat as a young boy, we know he spent time outside with Lily, and also later on the Hogwarts grounds. However, JKR never explained all of the lore regarding vampires in her world, so we can't know for sure if sunlight just makes them sparkle.
Nope, he's not a vampire.  Throughout many fictions involving vampires, there have been more than a few confirmed ways to kill them.  As far as I know, bleeding out from multiple vicious snake bites is not one of them.
At this point, you and your brother could convince me the earth is flat
I’m definitely convinced!
Consider his death as well: It would be an ironic twist that he dies by a bite to his neck of all possible ways, the same way a vampire turns or kills people. Him being a vampire could also potentially close the plothole of Voldemort ordering Nagini to kill him and therefore giving him the chance to not die instantly in the most plot-relevant "coincidence". Although I didn't specifially find anything about that, vampires might be immune to Avada Kedavra but not to Nagini's poison, so ordering Nagini to kill Snape might've been the easiest option at hand for Voldemort.
Honestly there is a lot of evidence and references to bats and vampires in Snape's descriptions but ultimately I'm not 100% convinced. Honestly though he could also be an animagus who can turn himself into a bat.
It's not that vampires can't see themselves in mirrors, it's that mirrors used to be made of silver, a metal considered to be sacred, so an abomination like a vampire would not be able to see itself in a mirror made of silver. A modern mirror would more than likely show a vampire's reflection.
He spends an inordinate amount of time in the daylight at quidditch matches and the like for a vampire.
But if he was a vampire Nagini's venom wouldn't have killed him
I’m not convinced he’s a vampire if JK Rowling says he’s not, but I do believe he could be an unregistered animagus who can change into a bat, which is why he appears to fly out of the window like a bat during the duel with Professor McGonagall.
11:42
No mirror vision explains the lack of grooming as well
I believe that J.K. Rowling is telling the truth. Snape is not a full Vampire, however, I believe that his Father was a full Vampire. His Mother, Eilene Prince was a witch, making him the Half-Blood Prince. Snape would have some of his fathers vampire-like abilities passed on, but is technically not a full vampire.
"that doesn't mean that Snape is going to become a vampire. Only that he carries the vampiric germ"
When is there going to be a Carlin brothers coffee box?
Could'nt he also be a Bat animagus?   sry bad english xD
All death eaters fly like that.
It’s funny how everyone has been saying they’ve been using bespokespost long before they got a sponsorship from them
0:42 Am I the only one who wants to try a blood flavoured lollipop?
Shows once again how much thought Rowling put into her story and the characters living in it.  She has questionable political views, but Harry Potter truly was a masterpiece.
He cannot be a vampire. He was in daylight, multiple times.
Every-time I start watching a hp theory video on here I’m always skeptical like that makes no sense but by the end I’m always convinced of y’all’s theories lol
When talking about Sirius and what drives him as a character, I genuinely thought you were going to say "to be a good boy." 😂
Given that most the hints (other than Lupin's assignment most specifically) are just about him being bat-like.  Perhaps Snape, like his rivals in the marauders was secretly an animagus with his form being a bat.  It would explain how he flew, as well as all the bat references.  It would also mean that his patronus was likely a bat before being altered by his love for Lilly.
Without knowing the in universe rules for vampires it’s impossible to actually say whether or not Snape is a vampire. The only time we have an insight into vampires within Harry Potter is slughorns Christmas party, where we meet sanguini briefly. Now, from this meeting we glean very little information about vampires in general, can they survive the sun? Do they have transformative powers? Do they have alluring abilities? Is a stake through the heart the only thing that can kill them? Do they have to sleep in a coffin lined with dirt from their homeland? These are important vampire tropes that kind of disprove whether or not Snape is vampire since, we see him outside during the day, we never actually see him transform into a bat/animal, he is not alluring, he dies from a snake bite and it is never stated that he sleeps in a coffin. The only vampire trait that we do know to be true is that they drink blood and when we see sanguini he seems unable to or doesn’t want to stop himself, especially around young girls (this is another vampire trope) but Snape never shows any interest in drinking blood.
For me it explains a LOT of things !
Werewolf, vampire, ghost, animagus… Dumbledore is collecting a monster high
You should address the JK Rowling controversy. I really enjoy your guy's content but hate how you constantly snub and demean her. You even called her a "horrible person". Can someone say TOXIC FANDOM
You may have made a case that Snape is Batman.
You’ve got me about 72.9% convinced that Snape is a vampire. It’s the flying away like a bat in Deathly Hollows that got moved me most of the way there.
No way, the author said he isn’t. Maybe head canon, makes A LOT of sense, but we should read it in light of authorial intent.
Vampire makes too much sense. And just cuz the author who must not be named says they aren't a vampire.. doesn't mean anything. Lok
Yes.
*if you follow the logic from another series (discworld) especially in the 31st book Monstrous Regiment one of the characters who is in fact a vampire is investigating the remains of a small code book that a spy had just tried to swallow (have to know the context of the scene to understand that one) who had been poisoned by it since green foam was leaking from his mouth...when the Lieutenant in charge began to panic about the action she (the vampire) calmly replied that vampires cannot be poisoned that easily...and given that Snape is the potions master that quality would be an asset given the nature of some of the ingredients he would be handling on a regular basis during his research and messing about with whatever potion masters mess about with*
Not a Vampire, but yes to beig a Dhampir (Half Vampire)
Am convinced. Lot your vids!!! 💖💖
I'm thinking animagus. Maybe a vampire bat?
Snape isn’t a vampire, yes he has similarities to them but he’s human, Rowling at first was going to put a vampire teacher in Hogwarts but she changed her mind, she just passed the characteristics to Snape.
So, you've argued that Snape is bat-like.  But he goes around in daylight.  Maybe more unregistered animagus than vampire.
Weird that theres so many hints of Snape being a vampire but rowling says no. Mysterious
Okay, part of why I love SCB is because of their amazing intros. "Dnap, Snape, Severus Snape" I could not stop myself I mean, can you call yourself a true Potterhead if you don't shout at the top of your lungs, giving no regard for anyone in the vicinity "DUMBLEDORE!"?
I think you need to seek out and analyze contradicting evidence, as there is one big, bright, blinding fact that can destroy your whole theory: Snape enjoying time with Lily as a child IN DAYLIGHT. If Snape can, even once, step into sunlight and not die, then he cannot be a vampire.
If Snape is a vampire, then I'm Sturgis Podmore.
I'd say, that Snape is as much not a vampire, as Fleur is not veela. In other words - maybe his grandad was one?
But what about his death?  Explain it vampiricly
Can you try and answer what happened straight after voldermort died first time? Who found harry? What happened to voldemorts body? What was the wizarding community liked? And what happened in the few years after as wizards adjusted knowing voldemort died/disappeared
I'm not gonna lie. I love this channel's videos, but a lot of theories have me going "eeeeeeh. That's stretching a bit far." This one? Convinced! Hundo percent!
You've explored what if harry was in slytherin, now I'm curious what if Draco didn't grow up in a blood purist household? Would he be a better person?
Okay, but like Vampires and bats are two different things.... I can get on board with Snape being able to transform into a bat for sure, but if Rowling has said he's not a vampire, then he's not... You have supported evidence of him being a bat, but not an actual vampire... Snape is just a gloomy gothic soul...
Snape is a secret bat animagus instead of a vampire
Snape is an incel
Snape's reflection is visible in a mirror at the beginning of half-blood prince when speaking to narcissa malfoy
It's possible he could be half vampire. His dad may not have been a muggle but just hid his identity
You wouldn't hit a bat with glasses would you?
You wanna know if you've convinced me?  Obviously..
I always thought, that when James, Sirius and Peter became animagus, Snaped tried to do it too, and ended up becoming a bat, as an animagus.
No. Don't give the sad, creepy child-abuser more power by declaring him a vampire.
But vampires don’t age
The snape story would be a cool read. Please.JKR
Snape is hott as it is, but now VAMPIRE Snape?  (vampire priest?  but not an evil religion, like a ironically good one, but just seems dark, cause he's dark?) X-3 idk, but yeah, imma click/watch this X-D
There is literally no way JK Rowling knew of the connection between bat and snake embryos, she didnt even bother to learn how to play chess
Nice theorie, but voldemort would have never taken a non human as his right hand. Deatheaters are suprimecist and look down on werewolves, etc and, i 'm sure, on vampires.
Snake goes out in sunshine when he’s a child.  Oca vampires do that?
And Nape means neck, where vampires bite their victims.
It’s possible Snape could be a vampire, but counter point, he might have been constantly teased and compared to a vampire causing not only the whole school to embrace this viewpoint, but Snape’s own psyche as well. Honestly, I just think he has unusually pale skin, a lean build and likes the color black. If J.K. kept the vampire character, I would bet there would have been quite a few discussions between them and Snape or at least discussions by others about the two, comparing and contrasting.
Half Blood Prince half vampire half wizard 👏
0:14 NO!!! NO NO NO!!!
The biggest hint is Snape’s death. Voldemort uses Avada Kadavra on everyone he kills but with Snape he made sure to have Nagini bite his neck   With her fangs rather than the quick kill.   If Snape wasn’t a full vampire, he could just secretly be a Vampire Bat Animagus and therefore have some of their traits in human form. He can still walk around in the daylight which a vampire can’t do.
Vampire you say or perhaps a Bat Man. Hmmm, maybe that's why he covered Cedric with his cloak - their connections to vampires and Bat men that he respected and wished to keep secret. 😉
In any mythology or even Bram stoker is there anything for a half blood vampire? If you remember what Ron says in the order of the Phoenix about how the fact that Snape never eats what does that tell you? You also have to remember the author's play on words Severus Snape where do vampires typically bite? And if you remember how Snape died nagini bit him in the neck poetic, prophecy? He might not be 100% vampire but he's at least half! And that is not the Dumbledore is not dead theory!
I just realized, the reason he doesn’t shower is that vampires cross running water
Snape is the head master in Deathly Hollows which enables him to apperate within the grounds of hogwarts.
Not sure what the perimeters are for Vampires in the world of HP but what about him being outside during the day at the quittage match where his coat caught fire?
It's all pretty compelling evidence, but then you remember he's been outside a lot in the books and films, mostly quidditch and didn't catch fire, well not from the sun anyway, if he was a vampire the match he refereed would have been deadly for him. Snape is just Goth
In the book they say that the garlic smell is supposed to disguise the smell of Voldemort on his head, the Vampire things is just a deterrent
Wolves don't naturally form packs, unless releases from captivity like in Yellowstone.
If it’s worth anything, I’d like to add that the costuming supports the theory. In classical depictions, vampires are almost always a century and a half out of date fashion-wise. Most of the rest of the costuming is based on the mid and late 19th century academic clothing, with a few exceptions. Snape’s coat, however, is based on the late 17th century. Coincidence? Maybe.
No, because theories don't override the writer's direct answer.
Plus, he looks like the EMO insomniac king we all need
Yep Snape is a vampire. He fooled everybody. He was so good at it nobody knew not even Dumbledore. Quoting Snape, "Over the years I've played my part well, so well I've deceived one of the greatest wizards of all time."
My head-canon has always been that Snape's an unregistered animagus, but Lupin's vampire essay comeback is just so perfect 😣🤣 I'll concede to him being half-vampire 🦇
Doesn't he attend outdoor daytime Quidditch matches? I would think that nullifies the theory outright because of the sun.
I personally like the idea that Snape is a animagus that turns into a bat
0:22 He looks well groomed and showered in compraison to say Filch, he looks like he never washes himself or his clothes.
A Theory: Slytherin was a good choice for Harry independent of Voldemort.  1. His Aunt family seems a good option for slytherin (or Hufflepuff) 2. His Mom was a good friend with Snape even though he was racist towards her. In other words she must liked one of his chore personilty really much.  Your chore personality decides your house 3. His Dad 3.1 He bullied Snape and was still beloved by the friend of snape. Cunning 3.2 the map he and his friends created would fit to the slytherik description. 3.3 Black comes from a Slytherin family. The Rat was almost a slytherin. Lupus (the weakest argument) has a literally a monster in him. Maybe James was almost himself a slytherin and like his son he wanted to become griffindor bc a friend of his described slytherin as evil. A child doesnt want to be evil.  Both parents were drawn to Slytherin but the love for Gryffindor was simply stronger. Harry without the hocrux was maybe 51% gryffindor and 49% slytherin.
What if his mother was a Vampire and he is half-vampire? It wouldn't be for first time, tha some half-human or something similar went to Hogwards or even teach there (Flitwick, Hagrid, Lupin). We don't know much about his mother, but if werewolf could study in Hogwards, why not vampire.
Its an interesting idea, but what killed him? Unless nagini ate garlic, or covered herself with silver. Her attacks wouldnt kill snape. Just weaken him.
Hang on, you said only 2 people are known to be able to do unsupported flight being voldy and Snape, as if we don't see every other death eater and even those in the order doing the exact same thing.
All the death eaters can fly independently
Maybe he is an animagus.
If James knew Snape was a bat, does it make James less of a bully for turning him upside down?  Bats sleep upside down.
A vampire named trocar? Might as well name him nosferatu. Jk. trocar is actually a subtle reference and sounds fitting for the harry potter universe
I think that Snape is half vampire. That's why his nick name is the halfblood prince. and he can walk in brod daylight.
12:49 lol as if anyone watching this channel would have been spoiled by that news. Your a funny fellow
makes sense on why voldemort held Snape in esteem.. fenrir grayback, wolf. had giants, but his 2nd would be a powerful Vampire.
I agree with everything.... except one. No one can convince me that JoKe Rowling thought up & created, the "meat & potatoes" of the Wizarding World. She says no to the Snape/Vampire thing, yet it's soooooo contradictory. Also, there are a few others that she seems to be so clueless on whether or not certain information is true or false. Like Dumbledore being gay, Newt Scamander showing up on the Marauders Map during Harry's time at Hogwarts and information on all other Wizarding Schools. Now, I could believe that she patented and pitched the general idea of the Wizarding World/HP, and then therefore sold it and signed a non-disclosure agreement in regards to the Ghost Writer team that actually wrote the intricate story & characters we all love. Now that, I can believe. There are plenty of talking points that suggest she isn't the heart, mind and soul of The Wizarding World/HP. There are even videos on YouTube suggesting that the Lockheart character was a parody on JK being the creator of Harry Potter. You should check that video out. It is very well done. And will leave you in a deep thought like state. If you read this massive comment, thank you for your time. Have a good day. And may the Force either be with you or may it serve you well...
British, dark hair, pale skin, solitary, afraid of sunlight. It checks out.
Not convinced at all, but I could see Rowling changing her mind about making him a vampire and I am glad she did.
Maybe that's the reason he was killed by Nagini and not Voldemort. Part humans, like Hagrid, can repell spells.
I’m literally watching by this video again. It’s so good and makes so much sense!! I want to hear it all again!
I think a really great idea would be to do a series of Harry in every other house like you did with the slytherin
Oh my gosh….oh my gosh…oh my gosh…I’m SOLD!! This is one of my favorite videos of ya’lls now!! It’s so good and it makes so much sense!!!
Also. Dogs DO NOT FIGHT FOR DOMINANCE.  Dogs are social animals...  They establish friendships, more like people than wolves. And, demonstrate disinterest or indifference to Dogs they don't like.  Dogs fight iut of fear.  Fear of conflict usually sparks conflict.  Dogs do not fight for dominace.
Ok if this is true and Snape giving them the werewolf essay and then Lupin giving them a vampire essay in retaliation makes this ridiculously funny and savage on both sides 😂😂😂
Lupine means "wolf life. But other than wolf".   Or... Wolfish..  So is as close to wolf as you can get without being wolf. (English is marvellous for this ability to describe things... "Bear like but not a bear".. However fenrir greyback...  Named for a ferocious  wolf who may or may not bring abiut the end of time...
interesting
We've known  JK to be,   flighty about things while wanting to be lockjawed about who is allowed to be part of things per fan-fics etc....   and trying to retcon  LGBTQMAPP+ stuff to be parts of things where it never was and isn't in canon supported,  vs just having had things to start with or evolved into later materials  after the endings of said main works.,   etc  (til ofc those same groups started to turn on her as they do),   So is  Per the Materials Themselves  is Snape a Vamp?   He 100% could be or been.   Who can say.  But as they say if the Duck Fits,  Quack It.   :P
I’ve always had this small feeling in the bottom of my heart feeling like this theory is probably true…
Is no one thinking that Snape could possibly be an unregistered animagus like Sirius and Rita and his form is a bat?
The entire fandom has divorced JKR, and has stopped giving *any* credence to her post-publication statements. So if you think Snape being a vampire makes sense, go for it! 😄
Well if you mean vampire as in the original Bram stoker Dracula vampire then yeah 100% plausible but the classic horror of empire no because we see him in sunlight he doesn't dissolve or turn to Ash. Which as some people don't know the original Bram stoker Dracula just loses his powers during the day.
It's an interesting theory. But I just don't see it. Although, you almost had me at the competing essays... I can actually see Remus doing that. However, vampires survive on blood, how can Snape eat regular food in the Great Hall with the other teachers? ....... during  the day? In fact how can Snape go outside in the sun, and referee a quittch match? He strolls through the courtyard during the day. He goes to Grimmuald Place during the day to inform Harry about Occlumency. He meets, and hangs out with Lily at the playground during the day. Also he is killed by Nagini. If he's a vampire, shouldn't he only die with a stake to the heart, or holy water? Also, isn't a vampire already dead? You know, no soul? How can Snape produce a fully corporal patronus without a proper soul?  If he has no proper soul, why does he worry about this when Dumbledore asks Snape to kill him? Also in Goblet, he is seen in his grey dressing shirt when Harry has that incident on the stairs. So he's not always in black. It also implies that Snape was in bed, and got woken up by the egg opening.   Like I said, interesting but the further you look at it, the more questions come up.
you convinced me.
Isn’t Lipin’s alias on the radio Romulus?
I thought it was lupin as in Lupa the Roman wolf goddess. But that might just be a Percy Jackson thing- I've no idea how accurate she is.
I think the flying away in a bat like shape is what seals it for me. Like, everything else can maybe be excused but there is literally no explanation for that
The reason why Dumbledore never let snape teach Defense of the dark arts was because Voldemort put a curse of that school position when Dumbledore refused to let Tom riddle teach it.
I’ve thought this since before the movies. I was surprised JK did not reveal this, but maybe that is how he survived, his body was never buried.
you've definitely convinced me that snape is probably a bat animagus
How do Hogwarts bathrooms work? Do they have to leave their common rooms to shower? What about to pee? What do they do overnight? Are chamber pots a thing?
Oh my so that was what Hershel Walker was rambling about. Lumus beat Snape!
Snape is a hybrid Vampire and Human after all he does call himself the half-blood prince.
Ebony Darkness Dementia Raven Way: *Oh yeah, it's all coming together*
This is one of my favorite videos you guys have made yet, I had never even considered it before. My take on bat-Snape before this was that he became an unregistered Animagus, not wanting to be outdone by the Marauders. James saved Snape's life from Remus as a werewolf, he could only have done that as a stag like how Sirius had to turn into the dog to get Remus away from the others in book 3, so that's how Snape would have learned that his rivals were Animagi and why he may have wanted to prove to himself that he could do it too. Its disappointing to hear that Rowling said no to this theory, but I also think perhaps a vampire wouldn't be susceptible to a snake venom death.
You convinced me, for me he is now canonically a vampire lol
Also vampires don’t die but snape dies does this mean vampires only die when injured
I like a lot of your videos but this time specifically, I hit the like button because of the Parks and Rec. reference.
Snape was the emo kid🤣
I’m sure someone said this but could snape's patronus have been a bat before it changed into a Doe for lily and he could just be an animagus bat 🦇
Nope, not a vampire 🧛‍♀️ but his animal spirit can very well be a bat 🦇
I just realized why Snape's hair is so greasy. Because Sleekeazy's Hair Potion is the most popular series of hair care products in the wizarding world, and they were made my James' father. And Snape wanted nothing to do with James, so he never used it. And we know that Muggle products don't work properly on most wizard's hair (we see so with Harry and Hermione) so maybe they didn't work on Snape's either.
These two videos can help if you're going through a hard time :-)  https://youtu.be/vXg9wWIN-Xo  https://youtu.be/3n-DOKBffuU
Another idea could be that bats have both mammalian and avian features... Like from both kingdoms... Being a double agent fits
Actually, it's more likely he's a Dhampir, essentially a half vampire. We see him eat foods other than blood, not die in the sunlight, not be obsessed with counting beans (long story), and you know, die without garlic/holy water/a stake to the heart.
... and he invented a spell that literally makes targets bleed
Do I think the author purposefully wrote Snape as a vampire? No. Do I think Snape should be a vampire anyway? Yes.
Just since this is the most recent Harry Potter theory I'm going to ask the question here has anyone ever wondered if some of those spells Ron tried to do to scabbers didn't work because he wasn't a real rat because I'm playing the Facebook and mobile Hogwarts game now and I just got to the point where we're turning cats in the cauldrons and McGonagall is teaching this and we know she can become a cat so in theory could we turn her into a cauldron or nah  I do know that transfiguration can be used on people because quote unquote professor Moody did it to  Malfoy   But how specific does it have to be like if you are trying to turn an animal into a item does the magic know that it's not really that animal so it won't work is that like a way to tell if something isn't really what it looks like and we know that Freddie crouch Jr turned his father's dead body into a single bone with transfiguration but at that point it was no longer a living body it was just a pile of meat
What if Snape is like Bill Weasley? Remember, Bill got attacked by Greyback while he was still in human form. As a result Bill did not become a werewolf, but his wounds were still heavily contaminated and Bill gained wolf-like characteristics such as suddenly loving the taste of very rare steak.  Perhaps Snape was attacked by some underpowered or "not fully" vampire. Or a full vampire who got interrupted before finishing the job. As a result, Snape is still slightly contaminated by the vampire disease so for example prolonged exposure to direct sunlight is deeply uncomfortable to him. And he gained slightly heightened senses of perception, and his darkly brooding personality.  Perhaps his hair is unkempt because his reflection in mirrors is blurred and fuzzy.... Actually someone correct me, but I can only think of ONE time we saw Snape's reflection. At the end of Goblet, in "Moody"'s foe glass. So not technically a real reflection. When Snape first steps foot in the room, he IMMEDIATELY goes and looks over into the foe glass. I read that as Snape perhaps being unfamiliar with what his own full clear reflection looks like, so he is instantly distracted for just a moment by suddenly seeing his own reflection in full.
"Peacefully form a pack"..... I'm not sure if you know how a wolf pack gets a new alpha, but it is far from peaceful.
THERE'S PROOF!!!!!!!!
I think Snape just wishes to be a vampire so he's cosplaying as one.
I'm 100% convinced that Snape was written as a vampire, whether Rowling will admit it or not.
Snape is such a good double agent that he is capable of hiding his vampireness from the author who created him.
Maybe Dumbledore wanted to keep Snape alive? He knew that the job was jinxed..
how did he die if he a vamp?
Interesting theory. I did not remember all the bat refs, I think I am convinced! And Vampires usually pine for One Woman....
As Qurell-voldy knew that snap is helping Harry... Why the same voldy is not knowing that fact after having body in 4th book?
So, there was supposed to be a character named Trocar (sp?) who was a vampire?  Here's the definition of trocar on wikipedia:  "a surgical instrument with a three-sided cutting point enclosed in a tube, used for withdrawing fluid from a body cavity."  Among other things, trocars are used by embalmers when preparing bodies for burial.  Yikes!
I see your evidence as valid but I would like to point out that Snape was in broad daylight during Quidditch matches.  This is the argument that I would say he's not a vampire but a damphir or half-vampire
funny thing, some people once did a test with leeches (bloodsuckers) and testing if theya re repeled by garlic, they found out that leeches seemingly are attracted to garlic. vampires may be attracted to garlic too, not repeled by it
What about when James bullies Snape by hanging him …upside.down?!? Maybe he knew but wasn’t sure Lily did, so was provoking Snape to transfigure to get out of it so Lily would be fully revolted?
Wait but I feel you haven’t addressed any evidence of Snape being outside during the day. If that never happened then we have more evidence. Otherwise, if Snape has been outside, then the theory is debunked. What about when he watched over Harry during Quidditch?
What if he's an Animagus? I know it's a bit overused, but maybe that's why they skipped the reveal? JK stating that Snape is not a vampire while reminding the reader that he bears resemblance to one might be a hint.  Think, most of the evidence of being a vampire is actually just being bat-like. The only vampire-specific references are from other people, and they might just be mistaken because if they knew the truth they might turn him in for being unregistered.
Sure he's always described as vampire-like but there would have been confirmation at one point, this is a stretch
Snape is Batman confirmed !
But why wouldn't the "repel vampires" Not be an act? I don't buy this one single bit. How on earth is he supposed to fool anyone without committing to the character of nervous little weird man.
Yes! Undoubtly, unequivocally, unabashedly Yes!
Snape attended Harry's first quidditch match in BROAD DAYLIGHT. Not a vampire.
I'm more convinced he's an unregistered animagi that can turn into a bat.
I've been saying for YEARS that Snape was a vampire! When he came into the DADA classroom and darkened all the windows, I felt certain. Many said, "well he was going to show slides, so the room needed to be darker!" Yeah. He just HAD to have a slide show. Convenient.  Thanks for the validation.
The question I have is…where can I find that Under Armor shirt? I’m looking on their site but no luck yet
Maybe he’s just a bat 😅
Umm there is a much easier and fiting explanation to all your arguments: he's not a vampire, he's an animagus like Sirius and can turn into a bat... that all
Only wizards and witches can own a wand, remember?
Once again, here's another theory that is now head cannon. Along with Draco being a werewolf and you have to choose to be a gryffindor, like you have to choose to be brave.
First comment!! 🎉
Interesting theory, but not fully convinced. if part of what‘s known in literature about Vampire‘s is true, then certain aspects counter this theory. First - Aging: The argument that Snape has always been this way and even his young self being described as bat-like is off - take Claudia for ex. (Interview with a Vampire) She has been turned into an immortal child by Lestat, who broke the code of Vampires by creating her - a helpless unchangeable child.  Snape must have been created at one point before his start at Hogwarts but he grew up into adulthood - physically changed.  Second being killed by Nagini. Vampires are immortal - with only a few exceptions.  Daylight kills Vampires but in the back-flash to his own schooldays, the memory of „the marauders“ mocking him takes place outside and during daytime.  That he appears to have certain attributes of a vampire does not necessarily mean he is. Maybe he achieved vampiric skills by the mastering of the dark arts. Or it was part of the magic he was born with. 🤔
Snape being a vampire would not only explain why dumbledore never trusted him(if he taught DatDA he could potentially expose himself as a vampire while teaching about them), it would also explain your theory as to why snape’s body was never found. If he was a vampire nagini’s venom might not have killed him, or alternatively his body would have crumbled to ash on his death
Well I'd have to say no though it is interesting to think about but given this evidence I'd say he's an animagus just like all the marauders    he is a potions master after all and all of the marauders (except James to my recollection) have been described as having qualities of the animal they turn into (Sirius being dog like worm tail being anxious and skittish like a mouse/rat etc)   I just think "vampire" is just a bit of a stretch considering how rare they appear to be in comparison to an animagus
Vampires are immortal, the snake bite would not have killed him if snape was a vampire. Maybe the killing curse, be heading or something of that sort.
Is it anime-gus or anime-jus? Like gif and jif? I've always said anime-jus with a hard J sound 😭 I don't remember them saying it in the movies
One damning piece of evidence against this theory is the thing that finally kills him. I can't see snake venom working on an undead creature- vampires have very specific weaknesses but venom is not one of them.
I wouls rather believe that Snape is an animagus. Vampires dont age, so the argument with child Snape isnt valid.
I was convinced by the video title.
What about Snape as a Bat Animagus - fits his character- and what would an envious and bullied teenager do if he found out the bullies his crush hangs out with were unregistered animagus?  I'd say there's a good chance Snape made himself an unregistered Animagus likely to spy on James, Serius, Lupin and Peter, and maintained use of this secret throughout the books.
Snape's unhealthy, pining obsession for decades over Lily could be another vampire trope?
I've always believed him to be an animal animagus..maybe his form is a bat
Snape also falls into the vampire trope of the tragic love story. It's always either a love lost, an unrequited love, a eternal life without love or hope for companionship, or a love in any other way doomed to end in tragedy. We're just missing one thing tho... a thirst blood. There's no hints or whiffs of anything close to that, and that's item one for a vampire character.
Isn't Dumbledore not letting Snape teach defence against the dark arts because the post is cursed and hr doesn't want to let Snape leave Hogwarts?
I would like to know which definition of “vampire” is used in the Wizarding World. There are many MANY different vampires with distinctly different strengths and weaknesses.
YOU CONVINCED ME! Also I dig your coffee  cup
The moment with Lupin and the Vampre essay is a really good one and for that alone I want to believe this theory  But i do want to, not refute, but... reexamine two points. 1. Quirrels Garlic. My understanding was that he used the garlic to overpower the "funny smell" coming from his turban. guess Voldy doesn't really get a shower back there... 2. The mirror because Dumbledore may not trust him. I find it really interesting how many people take the information that Dumbledore doesn't let Snape teach DaDA because he doesn't trust him at face value, but it is important that we _never hear this from a reliable source._ It is a rumor that is going around the Order and the school as an explenation for why he never got the job. But Dumbledore sais time and time again that he _does_ trust Severus, implicitly. I am off the opinion that the reason he never gave severus the job is because of the curse. he was protecting him, not being mistrustful. Now he never have seemed to _share_ that information with Severus, which is sadly in line with his "keeping it close to the chest" attitude when it comes to information, but I personally don't believe that Snape did not get the job because Dumbledore didn't trust him.
Snape wear's black because he's greaving for Lilly
I am 99% sure JK stated on Pottermore that he is NOT a vampire. I'm not a fan of her any longer but I do kinda trust her on the characters.
It feels like one of those times when what the writer wrote outweighs what they intended. Though she’s the writer it’s as if she unintentionally wrote he’s a vampire & as stubborn & opinionated she is, isn’t going yes. Instead of taking the credit for the unplanned cleverness she’d rather just stick to her guns about it. That’s just what I feel is happening here.
It think it may be more likely that Snape is another unregistered animagus. He saw the marauders do it he completed the process to taunt them and prove to himself he was just ad good as them if not better.
Dang, y'all really had me convinced! It's too bad that J. K. Rowling said it's false 😔
Snape is the 'Prince' of Darkness, right???
Doesn't have to be a vampire, what about a Dhampir? Then again not the first time us fans disregard JKs words on HP about what's canon or not such as the cursed child play for example.
at this point i'm keeping my own opinions on the wizarding world even if she who must not be named said differently... it's my world now and Snape has always been a vampire 😂
I feel like Snape not being a Vampire is a massive missuse of both Occam's Razor and Checkov's Gun. It's the most obvious and simple explanation for Snape, but the gun was never fired.
one thing debunks this theory: he's killed by a snake, not a wooden stake through the heart
No, but you did convince me that he is an animageous.
I was watching an old video about passing a horcrux through the veil, and you said. something about death being a personification of the veil that had me thinking... When Dumbledore says that the Peverel brothers were likely highly skilled wizards who crafted the deathly hallows, is it possible the brothers used the veil in some way to craft the items? Maybe the hallows were passed through the veil, or they in some way used a piece of the veil in the hallows?
While a good theory I personally don't believe it at all. If you go by Dracula he was able to turn into both a wolf and bat. Plus we don't really know that much about Vampires in the Wizarding World.
A fun theory but obviously wrong. Snape dies from venom; which wouldn't kill a vampire. How could Snape have also referried the Gryffindor v Hufflepuff game without a charm to ward off sunlight (depending on what sunlight does to vampires in this universe) DADA post is jinxed and Snape would only be allowed one shot at it. As far as his physical discription. It's less stereotypical vampire and more Jewish. The hooked-nose, pale skin, bad teeth and that no ONE trusts him. Rowling just didn't have him cackling over some gold, which would have completed the stereotype. No, she decided to give that to the goblins! Great metaphor Rowling (sarcasm).
Ultimately Snape could NOT be a Vampire because we see him described the same as both child & man as a bat, yet Vampires don't age!
Personally I always felt it was supposed to be a bit of a red herring because it never got a satisfying payoff. But Snape being compared to a bat even after his death is annoying, I feel like you can only lead us for so long before needing to shut down the idea and after a character dies is probably when you should stop making references to the character being a vampire if they actually aren't one. If you lead the audience to the very end convincing them that a character is a vampire, they are a vampire, no amount of retroactive "actually he isn't a vampire" is going to stop that because the text says otherwise. Also narratively I think it adds to the story if Snape is a vampire and actually takes away from the story if he is not so I'm pretty convinced
Vampiers can sometimes also read minds that could explain why Snape is so good at Legilimentie.
You've got me convinced.
Making new comparisons with the same creature or theme is just good writing.  Rowling writes him to resemble a bat so that we see him as Harry sees him.
Yes
lol maybe Snape didn't tell jk he was a vampire
I'm totally convinced. SCB theories are always my favourite headcanons. :D
So Snape is Batman? XD
are we sure snape isn't just a goth?
Fairly unconvinced.
In Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix when Snape teaches Harry Occlumency Lessons in the memory where Harry looks at his parents in the mirror of  erised, instead of his parents he sees Professor Snape! How do you explain that if Snape is a vampire?
I could've sworn y'all already made this video
If this has been posted by HP Theory, I would have ignored it, assuming it full of mistakes, but you doing this? Ok, I'll watch.
Makes sense? I think it's one of those author things where JKR originally planned to make him a vampire, decided against it, but left the original hints as easter eggs.
🤔hmm... If Rowling says he's not, then he's not. He just carries many characteristics of it. If you want him to be, then it's not canon, it's just fanfiction, which I'm fine with and Snape being a vampire would make a lot of sense, but unless you're rewriting HP again like you did "if harry were in slytherin", then it's irrelevant what we think or don't as it's not canon according to the creator.
He's also deathly afraid of running water, with how greasy he is
off topic, have you guys looked up how spells work. Most of the time it seems like a proper incantations, but then Rons wand activates on "eat slugs". Snape tries "reveal your secrets". Do you even need a Latin incantation?
honestly, if it makes sense and JK says its not like that, then its clearly like that
Was Quirrell actually bad pre Voldemort in his head?
This has convinced me that Severus is an animagus. The snake couldn't kill a vampire. JKR said he wasn't a vampire. We don't know what Snape's patronus was before it morphed into Lily's doe patronus, perhaps it was a bat...
Interesting video, but funny that you're questioning the author about her storyline lol. I think she just used the word bat in the stories to give the readers a visual.
Vampires are also often shown as being obsessive over human love interests. Snape does that thing
I always thought snape was a vampire even before this video Love your cannel  💚💚🧡🧡💜💜🤎🤎💙💙❤️‍🩹❤️‍🩹🤍🤍
Okay I'm ready to be convinced
No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
Not a vampire, but you have successfully convinced me that Snape is an animagus, specifically of a Black Flying Fox, one of the largest bats in the world (not the largest though) other species of megabats have distinct markings and different colors. So yeah, Snape is a bat. 🦇
If he were a vampire, he wouldn’t have been allowed to be a Death eater. He was half-human. Fenrir Grayback wasn’t allowed for this same reason.
How does one become a vampire in that universe? I really dont know the lore. And why can Snape be in daylight?
He can't be a Vampire for one simple reason. He is a Wizard and he has a wand!. He certainly could be mistaken for one and does know Vampires within the HP universe. The reason he is able to sense people from a long distance is the exact same reason Voldermort showed obvious traits of doing so. It is because Snape is a grand master at mind reading/control and self protection of  using the incredibly difficault magical arts of legilimency and Occlumency so he could possibly shutoff his desires. But no Snape is not a Vampire and there's loads of reasons as to why. However he is absolutely one of the most powerful Wizards to have ever lived though.
IIRC, there is no mention in the books on how vampires in the Harry Potter universe can be killed; but I don't think snake bites can kill vampires in most versions, so that's one count *agasint* Snape being a vampire. Also, he can go around in broad daylight (he just usually prefers not to), and AFAIK there's no hint that either of his parents were anything but humans, or that he was ever bitten by a vampire. So no, I'm not convinced that he is, in (fictional) fact, a vampire; at most, he might be part-vampire -- not even half-vampire, perhaps just with a distant vampire ancestor (probably on his mother's side). More likely, Rowling at some point considered making him a vampire, and eventually decided against this; but she kept many of his vampire-like characteristics even after deciding that he'd be a half-blood human, because they fit in so well with other aspects of his personality.
Is it possible that he is Dhampir (Half-Vampire)? The literary parallels between Snape and Vampires are hard to ignore but it is also hard to ignore the author. So is it possible that instead, he is only Half-Vampire?
You guys really have me convinced. Now I think to myself “how was it not obvious before?”
Yes you did, I'm convinced!
It’s plausible
I think that Snape is an animagi that turns into a bat. And probably mastered to create a simbio between his animal self and human. Keep in mind vampires don't age and sunlight is not bothering but lethal. Vampires don't eat and are not mages... except for tremeres whom use blood magic
I’d love too see jk watch these and just be in awh at how you guys piece bye piece
I'd love to see J and Ben's play through Hogwarts Legacy on scb gaming.   How different their choices will be.
If he is a vampire... How can he walk around in daylight - when he was a kid, in his 5th year memory, during Year 1 quiddich match unless... he's 1/2 vampire i suppose...
Maybe a hybrid version?
Doesn't Snape appear in the sun multiple times? I know that's not always a part of the vampire mythology, but it is something to consider.
I'm convinced. This makes so much sense!
Bro looks cool in this outfit
100% Snape is a Vampire. I don't care what JKR intended, but he obviously is a Vampire!
I am not convinced, Ben😂 im sorry😂
Fun fact, vampires only cannot see themselves in mirrors because they used to lined with silver. Mirrors these days wouldn't have that same effect if vampire's were real
I think Snape is a Dampier, not a vampire  A Dampier is the child of a human and a vampire they are still dark and gritty, and can transform into bats but they can be in the Sun and eat regular food
I've a)ways kinda assumed he was from context
I don't think the dark lord can fly unsupported. I reckon he's just using a really small broom.
My personal opinion is that it was just a running joke that everyone participated in poking fun at Snape for....including the author...lol love you vids guys keep up the amazing work!!
wolf pack is as much a democracy as is china
I feel like instead of him being a vampire.... He's wanted to become an animagus when he figured out that the Marauders were, partially out of jealousy, partially out of possible desire for retribution and the ability to follow them to get them in trouble.  And then of course his animal is a bat. I feel like that reconciles better and doesn't then cross into the blood and sunlight world that is hard to argue. But maybe he has vampire ancestors on his mothers side, which would influence him as well, and what animal he turns into.
Theory: Remus Lupin killed a child!  I've recently heard about an interesting little theory about Remus Lupin. It was just shortly adressed in a podcast and the presenters didn't do any further digging into it, but I think there is some potential in there.  Basically the idea is that Remus Lupin killed a child as a werewolf. In Halfblood prince in the chapter "After the Burial" the golden trio has a short conversation about the death of the Montgomery sisters' brother. Hermione says that according to rumours it was Fenrir Greyback who killed the boy.  Since there aren't any more clues in that scene, we can't be sure who's the real culprit, but I think if it had been Lupin it would add much more depth to the character since this would explain his behaviour towards Tonks and his son even better. Also with all the knowledge we have it would be possible for Lupin to lose control, since he can't brew the wolfsbane potion on his own and if he could, it would arouse suspicion while living with werewolves as an undercover agent.  I'm sure there are more things to discuss and think about, but these are just my first thoughts about it. All the credits for the idea behind the theory go to Manu from the german podcast "Hagrids Hütte", where they discussed it for about a minute ;-)
No no no snape isn’t allowed to teach dada because albus knows the job is jinxed. And he knows teachers of that class only last a year. He wants him around.
I was thinking he could also be a literal bat, he could be an animagus. But I like the idea that he is a vampire too.
More Proof He’s a vampire!!!!     He was a referee during a quidditch match.   Quidditch is British for baseball.    If the twilight books ever taught me anything (they didn’t,  never did read them…. I just know about the scene)  vampires love baseball.
Honestly, it would be a fun parallel to Lupin being a werewolf. However, I think him being a half-vampire or dhampir would make more sense.
Honestly, this whole concept could make a great short fan film. Start at where Snape finds Lily dead and carry through to his life at Hogwarts. On the way you could delve into his persistent grief around Lily’s death. Maybe at one point he was allowing vampires to feed on him, hoping it would be almost like passively taking his own life out of remorse. This leads to him being infected and becoming a vampire himself… could be pretty cool.
Wait does this mean Snape was t-posing when he flew out the window? I never thought about it before.
No.  The fact that he was so easily killed by Nagini proves this as vampires are notoriously hard to kill, that and Snape has been in sunlight (which will absolutely kill a vampire).  O-O
Wait what does snapes own spell do.... makes you bleed..
Wow usually I like film theories even though they are obviously a bit handwavy most of the time. But this one is just straight up written in the books, how could I not get that he is 100% a vampire😂
Snape 100% had a bat Patronus until he fell in love with Lily and it changed to her doe Patronus.
I feel like i've seen this video before
That might be also to the fact that Dumbledore knows that the position was jinxed and he didn't want to bet on Snape leaving somehow. In HBP he already knew how Snape will be hopefully removed by becoming the head master after him.
13:56 ... i like how a fetal tortoise kinda just looks like a bird (chick)  with a shell lol. shows how much birds are related to reptiles (we always call my pet birds 'tiny dinosaurs' )
But uh...he doesn't burn to ash in the sun though
is he a vampire tho... or just a bat animagus lol
Snapeula  The theory sounds good to me
Regarding quirrel‘s garlic thing: I always thought it’s to cover the smell of Voldemort. I always thought he might smell like a snake and snakes do smell horribly. A friend of mine has a python and the whole condo smells like the python. I was about to throw up when I visited him. This is why I never understood why the basilisk wasn’t discovered earlier. I mean, if a python does already smell, what does a hundreds of years old giant snake without any hygienic care smell like? Whole Hogwarts would have most likely died from this euphactoric attack. And wasn’t Snape outside by daylight? For example for the quidditch games?
In every version of vampire mythology I've encountered, they start as human and are changed into vampires, after which they don't age. Snape had the characteristics you regard as vampire-like when he was a child, but he aged into an adult. Therefore, those characteristics can't indicate he was a vampire. He could still BE one (it would explain what Quirrell was on about), but his characteristics don't prove it. Also, as other comments point out, he has no problem with daylight. Some comments suggest he's the product of one vampire parent and one human parent -- is there any mythology on what combination of characteristics such a half-vampire might have?
I think Snape is related to Vampires on his mother's side, maybe even a half-Vampire? It would explain why he has all the qualities of one but can still go out in the day time, he just gotta put on some extra SPF first y' know?
The garlic smells is just the smell of voldemort
when will you learn that better health is awful
Snape is not a Vampire, than maybe half Vampire? Is that possible in the Harry Potter world?
You did not convince me. However now I'm wondering which of Snapes' parents was the vampire, and could thus be another explanation for why they were always fighting.
What if, Snape is also just an unregistered animagus, definitely a triple agent thing to do.
Plot twist Snape is Batman
Maybe its possible he's part vampire similar to how Fleur is part veela. Or maybe he's actually a bat animagus
At 5:43 in, I don't know if this will come up, but it has been implied that there are two types of vampires.  Undead vampires, the type most people know of, are reanimated corpses. Traditionally the force that reanimates the victim is demonic, therefore the vampire is evil, regardless of the nature of the victim during their lifetime.   For living vampires, I prefer the model put forward in the movie "My Best Friend is a Vampire." Living Vampirism is a condition passed on by any fluid from a living vampire contacting the blood of a non vampire.
Wow... it was really tight there the whole time 💀💀
I'm willing to believe snape is a vampire. rowling saying otherwise doesn't exactly make me believe it less.
No I don't believe he was a Vampire. I believe he had a Bat Animagus form. Remember than an Animagus form has traits in your human form as well. He must have known his enemies the marauders achieved it and he wanted it for himself as well. And yes I know he was in love with Lily and his Patronus changed into her Patronus. Let us hold on the word changed. We don't know what it was before it changed- Like a Bat maybe? Also Rowling said he wasn't a Vampire so case closed. We should all blindly believe her because she created the story. Although on the fact that she said Quirrell was a temporary Horcrux I don't like and not interested to believe but it's a fact she said that.
Well, I definitely think he's an animagus, and his animal is a bat.
Shh he is batman ...!!!
Ben, you always convince me.
If Snape is a vampire, he was not cool when he leaked Lupin was a werewolf😤, werewolfs and vampires are in a same league.
You know, I really like you guys but you should really be past the point of making videos about literature's most infamous incel written by the world's most infamous transphobe, sponsored by the most exploitative and unhelpful "mental healthcare" company in the world. It makes me feel icky.
Perhaps it is the case that Rowling did not want Snape to be a vampire, and was planning to have a vampire staff member... but the REASON she didn't end up writing a vampire was because she realized she had characterized Snape to be so vampire-like that a vampire staff member would be redundant.
I always assumed, Snape was an animagus, who could turn into a bat and was so happy when I read he flew out of the castle in Deathly Hallows in a batlike shape.
I don't know much about Potter vampires. But what is Snape eating?  Brewing blood potions?
Characters evolve as a story evolves. I don't know when exactly in the process JK decided that Snape was always in love with Lily, but say she decided upon it later on; that he would have this great redeeming quality...My point being, maybe he started out as a vampire and this would be something JK planned to reveal later in the series, but then she changed her mind, and the residual bat references remain. As far as the sunlight thing, the classrooms being darkened is a huge tell for me. And aside from Quidditch, we don't see him outside much..except for childhood, and he would have been bitten by a vampire after graduation. Also, in non-Potter lore, there is no medicine for repressing werewolf transformations. But she invented it. She might have invented a potion for Snape to..uh, invent for himself to allow him to go out. Which could also lead to why he became a potions master: to heal himself so that maybe he and Lily could one day be together.        But I still think he started out as one, and then she changed her mind in later books.
Maybe although the only trope he doesn't have is bursting into  flames in the daylight.
This reminds me of a question. Since a person’s patronus can change (I don’t believe Snape always had a doe patronus), can their animagus form also change?
I think this is a great idea, maybe he isn’t an out right camp but is definitely supposed to invoke that creepy untrustworthy feeling as vamps before twightlight were always evil and scary and gothic . Could be an stretch but maybe the vamp mythology could to connect to his “always” love for Lilly he had one love that lasted him forever
he was an animagus who can turn into a bat
New question! Why is Quirrel worried about Snape anyway? Doesn't Snape have Voldemort convinced he is still on his side? So isn't Snape just putting on an act from Quirrel's perspective? (I saw the movies, but reading the books is ages ago, so I don't quite remember if this was somehow dealt with)
Day 900 of asking: Please make a video about how the Deathly Hallows would have ended if the Golden Trio disapparated when the snatchers surrounded their tent in the forest
Being THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE and JK directly saying he's not a vampire, I challenge the vampire statement in favor of him being a Dhampir, a half blood vampire
I think Snape is half Vampire....... "Half blood prince" has multiple meanings.
Okay but vampires and werewolves being enemies: are they though? I’ve only ever seen that in Van Helsing, and Twilight. Which are not exactly classic
Also don't forget Hermoione sets snape on fire. Vampires are notoriusly weak to fire are they not. A possible reason for him to freak out rather than instantly use magic to put it out being the sober guy he is usually.
Nope. Desperate for views?
Breadcrumbs plenty... Not every bread crumb leads to point x
I was getting convinced right up until the author said no. It’s like thinking a song means something and then hearing the author of the lyrics explain what they meant. Continuing to believe your own meaning just makes you wrong.
Its a decent theory but please respect your audience and do without the clickbait title. I sure didn't see any proof.
Dumbledore!
I think it may come down to two questions: In the Potterverse can vampires actually fly? And, in the Potterverse can vampires tolerate being in direct sunlight? We know that Snape does both, so, if Potterverse vampires can't there's your answer.
I think it’s more likely that Snape is a Dhampir - half human, Half Vampire. It would explain how he can eat food and go outside in the daytime, which wasn’t addressed in this video. Because even though we never see him outside, there are a lot of windows in the castle, and especially in the Great Hall. Love this theory though, even if there are a few holes to poke. Keep up the great work!
Another reason why snape is constantly compared to a bat is The Author doesnt have access to a thesaurus or avoids using one at all costs.
No, Snape is not a Vampire, he's Batman
enough evidence to make a HIGH suspicion of snape being a VAMPIRE....   I think if he wasn't as a child he could have become one as an adult.  OR even so it may be that he  was actually related to them by blood if not by being one him self just as like an off shoot or half or quarter vampire.   Potentially ...
I might buy Snape as a bat animagus but not a vampire.  He clearly ages.  There's not a pronounced change in adult Snape from child Snape that would suggest that at some point in the relatively recent past, he got turned into a vampire.  Vampire stories vary wildly in terms of what their properties are, but most of them agree on vampires drinking blood, and not aging, and many of them agree in the process of becoming a vampire changing people in some marked way that sets them apart from their previous, living selves.  We see no indications of any of this being true with Snape.     The 'vampire essay' part clinches it for me.  Lupin's way, WAY too classy to try to "out" Snape like that.   He knows exactly what it feels like to be something that his society generally considers evil and dangerous.  Seriously, a Lupin who's capable of sinking that low isn't a good guy anymore.  He's the same bully who picked on Snape when they were kids.  Those bullying scenes, portrayed as something nobody apparently needed to apologize for, already disturbed me plenty.
I love the mysterious ticking noise!
I love this theory!
This has nothing to do with this video but you guys should do a video about who is the most powerful wizard ever. I’d like to see how powerful the founders were compared to dumbledore
Any reason to think he's a vampire and not just an animagus?
Perhaps Snape is a dawnpire, half human half vampire. Because legally vampires can't own a wand and vampires are notorious for having an aversion to sunlight and Snape has been seen outside during the day on a broom reffing one of Harry's matches
Snapire 🦇🦇🦇
Snape maybe a HALF VAMPIRE instead. A Dhampire. Half-Blood Prince indeed. Half Vampire, Half Wizard-Mortal.
My only gripe with this theory, is the whole vampires cant go out in sunlight, while snape seems to like the dark, he can be seen in the sunlight quite often, unless the lore of vampires in the hairy potter universe is different
I love the half vampire idea! He referees the quidditch match in year one so obviously he can be out in the sun but maybe he still had a thirst for blood but mastered a potion to quell that thirst.
I don't like writing youtube comments, but I want people to remember this part of vampire lore. In some vampire myths/stories vampires can't see their reflection, but this should only apply to silver mirrors (silver being a material vampires dislike). Most mirrors of today are made of aluminum, and it would not make sense if vampires could not see their reflection in aluminum mirrors. Hope this is helpful to anyone
everything aside, Who do you think chose the words written on the tomb of James and Lily Potter???
How would he be a vampire if he’s a half blood wizard? He ages entirely normally which is not how vampires work in classic fiction which Harry Potter defiantly follows for many of its more well known magical creatures like the werewolf.
he is bat man
Well maybe hes half vampire
Animagus
I noticed all the bat references when I re-read the first 4 books in prep for #5. I was very surprised that Snape's patronus wasn't a bat but understood the reasoning.
I can imagine in a different realm, an alternate version of SERVERUS SNAPE, he is half Vampire, & half human.  I imagine Mr.Snape’s biological father is a very powerful wizard, and his biological mother is a genuine kind vampire, instead of being a muggle lady.
This is the theory I used to believe when I was like 7 or 8 years old. Good to see someone actually tried to prove it XD
What if he's an unofficial animagus, like the marauders? His animal would obviously be a bat. You see Snape in sunlight. Maybe there is a rumour about him being a Vampire.
Bro is litteraly the HALF-BLOOD prince and if he was a mudblood then Voldemort wouldn't have him in his rank  But if he is half blood with a vampire and a witch then it's a differant story this is all i have to say.
Maybe he's just part vampire and that's why he has some traits. Flitwick is only 1/4 goblin but is still goblin sized even though he's 75% human. Similar to Fleur and her 1/4 veela heritage.
I have a question what was Snape's original protronus? I bet it was a bat before it changed
He's not a vampire. If he was, he would have gotten the teenage girl lol
Do we know his parents? Like how did he become a halfblood? What is the social implications of being a vampire? Can they be witches/wizards or are they in the same vein as other magical creatures? If so, does being turned into one become seen as diluting the blood? As in maybe he was a pure blood but somehow got turned and had to adopt the new moniker of half blood prince? Also idk if it's just a random thing but I've always thought of vampires as "prince of the night" imagery, since they are the more regal of nocturnal monsters.
Im inclined to believe your theory over the authors word, partly because the author is trash so...spite
Snape was supposed to be a looser and they do often resemble vampires
While I'm not convinced he's a vampire, could he be an bat Animagus?
I think this idea fits in really well but I believe that one of Snape's parents might have been a vampire and the other human, giving more meaning to the 'half-blood' part of his nickname. Calling himself 'prince' also makes sense since vampires are almost always shown as some kind of royalty or someone with authority (also his mother's name but oh well).
Maybe Dumbledore never let Snape teach DADA as he was somewhat aware of the curse and didn't want to lose him?
So a vampire can be killed by a snake?
I was writing a fan fic at some stage (before the final book) that explored the history of Snape and in particular his mother, who as you know was a pure blood witch who married a Muggle. Synopsis of the story was that Eileen had been a participant in a potions tournament as a representative of the UK in a world wide contest, there she met a young man being attacked by Vampires and she Apperated with him to save his life, thereby bringing down the wrath of the Ministry of Magic for her break of the rules of using Magic in the presence of a Muggle. Eileen's mother as the Minister for Magic could do nothing but throw the book at her only surviving child, and endured the wrath of her own family the Blacks. Thus making Severus a family connection to the Blacks and the Malfoy's, another reason for his desire to fit in with the other Death Eaters and the need to prove his worth as a Slytherin.
Q: Why do vampires drink blood? A: Because steak is bad for their hearts.
I thought Snape never got the Defense Against The Dark Arts post- until he did- because Dumbledore suspected that Voldemort had cursed the job, and he didn't want Snape to leave until the time was right. But, by the same token, I always thought Dumbledore stopped teaching Defence Against the Dark Arts- where he was most likely to be disarmed- to protect the Elder Wand, and let it die with him... So, Harry really shouldn't be an Auror, either. It would have been hard- a real sacrifice, to let people think of him in a certain way- but he really should have just leaned into his celebrity: been famous for being famous.
I was always convinced of this same theory, even before the movies came out, because to me, Snape acted and was described like a vampire. I’m happy someone else believes this too and as come to the same conclusion.
"Their more interesting then I gave them credit for" Astarion  Not convinced, as much as I wished it were true in my tween years. JK herself said he wasn't. VERY early on before the great retconocolypse. JK Rowling just uses descriptive short hand, to extreme success, I might add.
0:20 the sun is getting shined on snape
Here's another log for the fire: one of Dracula's less mentioned yet still prominent abilities is _telepathy,_ i.e. the ability to read minds. And what has Snape demonstrated to be really good at?
Sometimes a bat is just a bat, but …
I trust you more than her XD He a vamp.
feels like we are also assuming that in the world harry potter that vampires turn into bats since we are linking snape's repeated bat comparison to supposed vampirism, personally i bet his original patronus was a bat before it changed for lily might even argue if he was an animagus he'd be a bat but a vampire probably not especially since we see him in the sun a lot
Thought you guys were not taking the Authors name
Part vampire. I think he has one grandparent who is a vampire and he inherited a few key traits from them.  Remus Lupin could easily have found that out by sheer coincidence while roaming the castle at night. I can definitely imagine him coming across Dumbledore saying to another teacher "yes, I know he is a werewolf, but he can't help that anymore than Severus can help being part vampire" He wouldn't say anything at the time, out of fear of getting himself exposed.
I KNOW vampires aren’t real. Yet I still have to watch something after this video to make sure I don’t have nightmare about it
If only Snape was good at sports then he could be an umpire.
I’m not buying it really. Otherwise he’d be alive. Last I checked, a bite from a giant snake was not a method of killing vampires.
Snape got all of the left-over vampire energy. He's a vampire, in all but name.
well i was going to say "but he goes to the quidditch games" but then immediatly remembered he is one of the best potions masters of all time who is to say he cant create a sun walker potion for himself
On the he's always prowling at night - he's always dressed. When other teachers are up, they had to get up and are in jammies. Right?   Yeah,  and if he can't see himself in a mirror,  it makes sense his hair is always greasy-noone else has greasy hair,  so he might not even be aware is a problem.
Gay theory. Though he was interested about the Rotfang Conspiracy theory against vampires.
Thanks for addressing all these details 🤔 i never noticed, loved it.
Yep ya did lol
I love the theory the only issue with it is that vampires cannot be killed unless you go by book and movie standards with a wooden steak through the heart or sometimes sunlight. Unless Nagini had something in her venom that could kill vampires Snape would not have died  when she attacked and bit him.
He could be a dhampir, a half human half vampire. Maybe his mom was from an ancient vampire family and he inherited those vampire traits from her?
If Snape is half vampire that would make him a dhampir. One power dhampirs have is the ability to see vampires that are invisible, possibly meaning Snape wasn’t sensing Harry in the invisibility cloak, he was seeing him and was maybe uncertain about what he should do about it. Like the kid obviously thinks he’s invisible, does Snape let him get away with it or does he send him back to his room and out himself in the process? Dhampirs can walk around in sunlight but due to having a vampire’s night vision would be more comfortable in the dark, they can also eat like normal humans meaning no need to find a blood donor. According to Wikipedia signs that a child might be a dhampir include messy or dirty black hair, something repeatedly mentioned as one of Snape’s defining characteristics.
I love how Quirrel called Snape an overgrown bat once and Harry was just like "Huh, that's my new favorite Snape analogy" and continued to use its without ever acknowledging that it was basically Voldemort who he took inspiration from.
Vampires do hate sunlight as does Snape. Do we ever see Snape outside as an adult and it wasn't cloudy?
Also, he’s the half blood prince? A half vampire???
Vampires hate sunlight. And yet, Snape is a Quidditch hooligan a sunlit sport.
Perhaps Snape is a Dhapire (half vampire) half human.
Maybe Snape can't teach DADA because the position has been cursed
"snape, snape " oh god dang it now its going "severous snape YOUR WELCOME" OMG he did it on purpose 😭😭😭😭🤣🤣
Before the final bit I was 100% convinced
Also also actually actually the reason that the vampire character was dropped was the same reason Robin Williams couldn’t be in the films: not English enough.
She said he wasn't a vampire, doesn't mean he might be half vampire. Vampires maybe a race and not a supernatural being in the series. Not to mention the whole no reflection in a mirror is the dumbest part of vampire lore.
I don't think the teen romance vampire lovers within the Harry Potter community really need any more fanfic fuel, especially not where Snape is concerned... But yes, let's entertain this idea for a moment.  Classic vampire weaknesses, from older lore, not teenage dramas... would be garlic, holy water, and crucifixes. They could be killed by a stake through the heart, setting them on fire, beheading, or exposure to direct sunlight. We obviously don't really know any instances in which Snape came into contact with almost any of these things, and one could definitely argue that garlic might've kept him out of Quirrell's classroom/office/sleeping quarters, but we do know that he's had run ins with both fire and direct sunlight, neither of which killed him. Granted, the fire could've killed him if he hadn't put it out, but it kills regular humans as well, so I don't think that's very vampire exclusive. The more obvious one is direct sunlight. Snape has been seen outside in the courtyard during school breaks, for example when he confiscated Harry's Quidditch Throughout the Ages book. That would've definitely placed him outside during the day, thus exposing him to direct sunlight. If he'd been a vampire he would've become a shiny ball of fire almost instantly. Yet he walked away unscathed. We also know that vampires are supposed to have regenerative qualities, healing wounds much faster than any human. Yet Snape was seen limping for days, and tending to a nasty wound on his leg for quite some time after being attacked by Fluffy during Philosopher's Stone. This also doesn't seem to track with him being a vampire. Then there's the issue of Snape and him aging during the story, and during the times we spent in his past, exploring his memories. If being 'bat-like' and pale are your qualifiers for someone being a vampire, then I assume you're calling Snape a vampire at childhood as well (despite being seen on a playground, once again in full daylight, as well as lying on the grass during the day). Vampires are dead humans, and they're said to stop aging at the age they die at, thus never growing any older, any taller, or changing in appearance one way or another. If Snape had been a vampire from childhood on, he would've stayed at that age, physically, for the rest of his existance. Well, and then there's the last one... and that's the fact that he dies. Not from a wooden stake to the heart, not from being set on fire, not from beheading, nor from exposure to direct sunlight, but from the fangs of a snake... well, a magical snake that used to be a woman, but I sincerely doubt she had wooden fangs either way. Not to mention the fangs sank into his neck, not his heart, and his head was still attached to his body after the attack on his neck. If he'd been a vampire it wouldn't have killed him. And yeah, I know there's a theory out there that speculates on Snape still being alive, I've seen it, but this theory never really touched on that, so we're working with the assumption that he actually died. This couldn't have happened if he'd been a vampire. So although he's been called bat-like throughout all of the books, and he flew away resembling a bat, he's tall, pale, intelligent, wears dark clothes, and prefers darkness, if that's really all there is to this theory, I'm sadly not exactly on board with it.  Would be cool, and I can see where you're coming from, but classical facts don't support it. He also doesn't sparkle in sunlight, so he's not a Twilight vampire. Nor is he ever described as wearing some sort of ring on his finger, so he isn't a Vampire Diaries daylight ring wearing vampire either.
The old hey brother intro was better.  This one has no reverb
Maybe he’s part vampire idk how the genetics work but its possible
You have convinced me
what if hes not a vampire and just a batimagus?
I'm still not convinced. Especially since Snape is a muggleborn wizard from Lily's hometown who was legitimately her age when they met and grew up with her, James, and their classmates.
Snape is, in my opinion, a tragic hero in an untold story in this wizarding world. I guess he is intentionally depicted as an antagonist inane matter possible. His descriptions are more or less nothing more than a stereotype of what feels uncomfortable. In addition he is a shady character with a whole lot of secrets. That is also a part of his character. He is someone who keeps secrets and stays silent and consilient when it is most needed. His "realm" is per definition the night, because he acts in the shadows all this time we actually see him. Just my few pence to the matter.
POV.  This video was posted 7 hours ago me: oh this is new. View count 44k me: nvm
I always thought that the reason Dumbledore didn't let Snape be the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher was that he knew the position was cursed and no teacher of that class is there for more than one year and wanted Snape to continue to teach at Hogwarts. If Snape was a Vampire wouldn't he not be able to be touched by the sun?  Assuming that in the magical world of Hogwarts that vampire lore fits the same as what has been told over time and cannot be in the sunlight.  He is several times during the course of the movies, although the books could differ, the Quidditch tournament that he was doing a counterspell that was affecting Harry was during the day.  When he flew out of the window I took it just as he was a very skilled wizard and could apparate as such and didn't the death eaters zoom around like that when they attacked at The Burrow during the wedding?
honestly in her old age jkr has had AWFUL takes. so, fan interpretations are canon now. snape is a vampire.
I absolutely love these videos, it brings back some of the magic of when the movies were yet to be finished. This takes tied first place for best theory with the Krum one, can't wait to see what other ones you find next! Great video!
Possibly.
I think Snape is a bat animagus. Perhaps an unregistered one. Vampire? Nah. To use Hagrid's favorite line, "bats are highly misunderstood creatures." Lots of myths and Urban legends surround bats. This is very much like Snape in the book. Everything that Harry (as well as the audience) knew about Snape was misinformation, half truths, urban legends and let's face it, Snape himself, through out the book series, was a "highly misunderstood creature" himself.
You got like 42k views in only 7 hrs HOW-
Mind Blown!! Another reason why Snape specifically goes off curriculum in the 3rd year. What do Vampires hate more than garlic and crosses? WEREWOVLES!
I like the ideas presented here. But doesn't Snape go outside a lot? The most obvious example is in Philosopher's Stone, during the quidditch game. I don't know about the book itself, but in the movie it's a bright sunny day out
In pottermore does it mention whether vampires can walk about in daylight? Maybe that’s not canon in potter world and jk Rowling did mean for snape to be a vampire when she started writing but in this world vampires don’t die in daylight. Somewhat like how witch burning was a myth perhaps vampires dying in sunlight is also in this world
What about the whole "vampires can't go into sunlight thing?"
I always thought the garlic smell was to hide his stinky turban 🤣
Plot Twist snape is actually Batman
"Always..." takes on a new meaning.
Whatever happen to those lootbox videos...I enjoyed watching those
So Snape is….Batman?
Snape not being a vampire was the most disappointing thing about Hogwarts until recently. Now it's the author.
"Snape. Snape. Cerberus Snape!" Best intro ever!!! I watch that video once a week 🥴
Idk guys.....this seems a little batty to me.  🤣
I always noticed Harry would always describe any person he meets as a form of insect or animal. Or maybe that is JK rowling’s way of describing people for book readers to visualize someone in their mind.
But we've seen him in the sunshine lots of times?
I want it to be true just because that 'vampire essay'  line from Lupin becomes an amazing clapback out of nowhere.
all great authors know, once you release your work, it isnt yours anymore.  it belongs to the hearts and minds of those who fall in love with it.
That would make his death even more poetic - death by fang bite to the neck.  Also, this raises more questions about the source of magic in the wizarding world. What if vampires are the originators of magic? Someone gets bitten and becomes magic. They have a child who shares vampiric qualities and carries on the magical abilities. These children age and have more children who are also magical. And any witches or wizards who get bitten could then be something of a reinfusion of magic into the bloodlines (no pun intended) if they then have kids too.  It's not clear whether Snape's parents were vampires (and which it would have been if so), or if he was bitten directly. But there are some descriptions of Eileen Prince that suggest she could have been the one. She is a pureblood witch but she is a sullen and shriveled woman. The described arguments of Snape's parents could have been over vampire related topics; there's no way to tell for sure.  But if the shoe fits…
Can someone whose been here for a while explain to me why they call the comments section the towel section?
yes
Sent to drain
Dumbledore never let Snape teach DADA because he didn't want to lose his best agent to the curse.
I mean Snape was outside in broad daylight when talking with the trio in the Philosopher's Stone. You know, when he says "now what would you three young Griffindors be doing inside... on a day like this?" despite them being in the corridor... outside in fresh air.  Of course, correct me if this is different in the books. As far as I'm concerned, Snape is not a vampire; he's a WEREBAT
I'm thoroughly unconvinced Snape walked in daylight multiple times throughout the series unless he's a Day Walker can't be a vampire
i think snape is not a vampire but an Animagus with his form being that of a bat everything you said for him being a vampire could also be him being an Animagus and his personality
The G is pronounced like a J
Just wanna let you guys know animagus is pronounced animajus
One hole in your theory, is that Snape was out in the daylight at many quidditch games.
One like equals one person who thinks Snape = Vampire
Honestly you guys do HP better the JK. Y'all shoulda done fantastic beasts cuz every prediction you made was better than the movies. So I agree with everything you say
You almost had me, until you said the author said otherwise.
Maybe Snape is just Batman 👀
You've convinced me he's a maledictous and just slowly turning into a bat.
One thing that points to Snape is a vampire is how he is good at occulmency.
I don't think he is a vampire, but he might be a half vampire (dhampire). That would explain everything and allow him to be in the sunlight without dying and doesn't need blood. And his dad could be nobility in the vampire community. So maybe that is also why he calls himself the half blood prince!
haven't watched the video yet but yeah probably
Uh, aren’t vampires unable to take sunlight? Quidditch matches ring a bell? Shape saving Harry?
The one issue I have with the idea that snape might be a vampire is that he's never mentioned as looking young. . . Aren't vampires immortal?
It was _pretty_ obvious.
The Lupin vampire essay point made me strongly consider this theory.
Honestly the most conclusive proof is Lupin's essay. It's such a Marauder thing to do.  Do we know what his Patronus was before it was a doe? Because now I'm betting his Patronus was originally a bat.
Great video and some of the comments saying he could be half vampire just great!
He could be yes and now from the tv show interview with a vampire the older the vampire less the sun effects them which is a reason he could be in sunlight some times haha
Okay but hear me out... his patronous being a doe is because of lily, and the only other one caracter is tonk, who we now her patronous changed, and was a different one before lupin, what if snapes orininal and "real" patronous was a bat?
What if he takes the vampire version of the wolfsbane potion for ware wolves. Werewolves and vampires work differently but the potion works as a suppressant helping him become more normal. He is a potion’s master and could easily have invented it. Isn’t wolfsbane a new invention made after Lupins time at hogwarts. Or what if he made it while at hogwarts to become more normal to appeal more to Lilly.  The hole in my theory is that we can see him as a somewhat normal child.
I fell like if he was a vampire hermine would of found out or atlest someone would plus if he was don't u think he would tell lilly or she would find out and still be friends with him I really don't think she would of been friends with Snape
Tbf Snape as a character is inspired from the demon lover trope in gothic literature which goes hand in hand with many vampire tropes today. I've seen some interesting meta about it on Tumblr that really go into depth on the whole thing. Basically calls back to stories of a woman who is tempted by a charismatic (usually foreign) man who represents lust and temptation into a life of sin. But she always ends up with the godly man who represents goodness and the righteous path. It's got a lot of religious undertones and a certain amout of fear of different races mixing with their own. I'm not an expert on the subject but if anyone is interested I can send the link to where I read about this. Snape is such an interesting character tho. So many layers and ways to read him.
Proof that Severus Snape is Hershel Walker’s favorite character in the HP series
I always felt the garlic was to cover the smell voldemort in the back of his head caused. His turbin is described as smelly more than once.
Voldemort has cursed the job of DDA Teacher ... for that reason Dumbledore wouldnt ever give that job to his most viable Agent. Snape just dont believes in that or at least doesnt believe that the curse would affect him for he pretends to be Voldis Alley.
Perhaps he wasn't a vampire but an animagus, taking the form of a bat.
I'm pretty sure it's proven let u let a bunch of dogs in the wild they make a pack could be wrong but pretty sure they do and thts cause every dog is from a wolf
I remember the "Snape is a vampire" theory being thrown around circa 2000 internet.
next video: Hermione granger is a blobfish
granted he might have a charm or a spell to protect from sunshine, but doesnt snape go to quiddich matches?  outside.  during the day.
Rita Skeeter is also a shutterbug
Or Snape's animagus form is a bat. Kinda how Sirius' is a dog.
Edward Cullen 🤔...
I wish we knew more about vampires in the world of Harry Potter. If they're the type that burn in sunlight that could be a problem. Drinking blood might not be a problem, though, since I'm sure Snape could whip up a potion that satisfies a vampire's craving for blood.
werewolves and vampires are not classic adversaries ....unless you take in consideration hollywood movies
He could be an unregistered animagus with the flying fox as his form. He has the discipline to pull it off.
I don’t know if Voldemort would allow a vampire to receive the dark mark bc he wouldn’t let werewolf’s take it since they were “half breeds”. I think Snape is more likely to be an Animagus than a vampire. Maybe he transforms into a large bat.
I must disagree. There are DEFINITELY more un-showered persons at Hogwarts. The school houses a large number of semi-supervised teens and pre-teens, who aren't the most hygenic even at the best of times. Honestly, that place probably smells awful.
The first second of this video should count as a jump scare.
Yes, pretty much.
I started watching this 3 minutes after it was posted. I’ve been trying to watch it for hours now but keep having to stop 😂
I personally prescribe to the idea that whilst JK Rowling created a window into the universe, she is not the sole proprietor of said universe. And even if she did once claim ownership of it, she no longer does, due to somewhat recent actions on her part.
I’ve been waiting for this day
His Death would suggest he's NOT a Vampire. Just an observation.
I have always liked bats due to how miss judged and poorly understood they are. The fact that they can see in the dark using sound waves is a complete plus in my book.
Split it halfway, snape is a dhampir
Not going to get me on board with this one. He's regularly seen in the day time, even in direct sunlight without protection, and this isn't Twilight despite ol' sparkly boy jumping out of trees. Voldemort would never ever let a vampire into his inner circle, much less as his right-hand man. Look at his treatment of Fenrir Greyback, who wasn't even allowed to be a Death Eater as a werewolf. There is also no indication that any vampires have been magic users. No, Snape is simply the perfect goth that he was born to be.
Not a vampire, he became an animagus as a bat around the same time the marauders did.
100%
He doesn't "like" the room being dark, he was using a projector. They need darkness especially those used in schools.
Would the sorting hat put a vampire in slytherin or would being a vampire make his blood not pure enough for the house.
Oh yeah! and vampires are supposed to be able to get into your head ....no? So Snape is the best at occlumency. So good as to hide his thoughts from Voldemort and Dumbledore. :-) Maybe someone said that but it just occurred to me. I am sold. :-)
He's a Half-Blood Vampire lol
I’m convinced…. Definitely subliminally made him a vampire lol
I wonder if maybe one of his ancestors was a vampire. That'd give him the required vampire-esque attributes without necessarily being one. Though I love the idea of this being the case.
OMG Snape is...  Batman!
In my opinion, it just boils down to Snape being a perpetual red herring.
Nagini has wooden fangs and garlic Venom
Also how Snape dies. He bleeds out and that's one of the traditional ways to kill a vampire. I'd imagine the snake's venom would keep the blood from clogging.
The fact that J.K. Rowling intended to include a vampire but in the end she refrained from doing so, could be cause or the consequence of Snape having those traits. It could be that, from a narrative point of view, having two characters with similar traits conspires with their individualization, or it could be that, once the vampire was removed, a lot of their appearances (and functionality in the story) went to Snape.  It's like the reason why they killed Dr. Nick Riviera in The Simpsons: as Dr. Hibbert morphed from a serious doctor into a comical one, Dr. Nick became redundant.
Another point toward the theory: Vampires are known to be difficult to kill by conventional means. This could explain why voldemort killed him through nagini rather than using avada kedavra
I'm convinced he's at least quarter vampire.
I was gonna mention the fact that vampires and werewolves are often made to look like mortal enemies, then Ben just swooped in like a bat and had to take my thunder.  Now I gotta get my --werewolf-- --pack-- group of friends to teach him a lesson, that --vampire-- hooligan!
Jooo I was wondering if you wanted to do a Thanksgiving challenge again, but instead of j vs Ben it's jay and Ben Vs the quiz, if you get stuff wrong there's a punishment (for example even hotter wings) thought it would be really cool to see you work together and see your thought process when building upon each others thoughts
I would definitely say that he is a bat 🦇 animagus. Even if he isn't a vampire.
my main takeaway from this video was that Remus Lupin's name is Raisedbywolves Wolf
Interesting. I figured that he was an unregistered (that we know of) Animagus whose form was a bat. Or maybe registered and that isn't indicated in the text.
There IS one other character that can fly unsupported, though we don't get more than his word. Hagrid. Book one, after getting Harry from the hut on the rock, Harry asks him how he got there, and Hagrid's response? "Flew". Even implies that he used magic to do it. And we know he can't use brooms or even thestrals due to his size.
If Snape is a vampire then Nagini should not be able to kill him.
I'm a huge Harry Potter fan and a fan of this channel. And to be honest Im not gonna watch this. But it makes me sad not to be into these anymore. Its just you're diving so much into theories and details that don't have anything to do with the story anymore and it's fanfiction at this point. Which is fine I guess. But it feels like filler. Would love to see some videos about other franchises and worlds.
Does that make Snape batman???
You convinced me. JK Rowling wanted a vampire, then she decided to scrap the dedicated one and turned Snape into a vampire, and at some point decided she didn't want to focus on that aspect of the story, so she kept Snape as he was, but never officially turned him.
Wolves and dogs both form packs if allowed to do so. Wolves fight for dominance as well, once established, they mostly follow that rule until the day they don’t. Just saying.
*sees thumbnail* F**k it let’s see how he makes this sound 100% credible
Werewolves and Vampires have a strained diplomatic relationship.
If he wasn't a vampire, he was at least an animagus who could become a bat. After all, he does get compared to a bat way more than a vampire. The only thing that makes me think maybe vampire is Lupin's essay quip, since Quirrell's vampire thing could have just been a part of the ruse
I 1000% am convinced Snape is at least half vampire (since he is seen out in daylight during quidditch and such) and the fact that Rowling said he’s not literally means nothing to me because while she may have wrote it this series is WAY more than her now and belongs to the fans. It’s like with the theory SCB made a long time ago about Dumbledore having a horcrux. It’s a solid theory with good evidence and is a fun addition to the series. Rowling is the only person who decided it wasn’t true.
Rowling was originally going to have a vampire teacher for potions. She scrapped the idea because she didn't want them to become the main focus as they were gaining in popularity. I'm not surprised Snape retained some of the vampire-y features as it was part of his original character concept.
i mean the thing about vampires is that they can easily hide in communities for centuries so technically anyone could be one even if they don't act like one 🤷
JK: 'I wrote him like a vampire, but he's not one.' Readers: 'So... anyone who reads it could reasonably assume he's a vampire.' 'Correct.' 'But you say he's not, and that's nowhere in the books.' 'Also correct.' *'Hey everybody, he's a vampire!'* 'Not a-' *'A broody, bat-like vampire!'*  The work speaks for itself, not the author.
Snape is never mentioned as a vampire anywhere. He is not a vampire.
maybe he IS a vampire and Rowling just doesn't know it
Sounds great!
Severus Snape. Severus = severely. Snape = a tapered piece of timber. Severus Snape = severely tapered piece of timber or more commonly known as a wooden stake.
Hmmmmm not really convinced. After the original rejection of an idea that changes how I see things I started the video kind of open minded, but honestly, you didn't completely deliver.  Don't get me wrong, you did a very good analysis of all the literary and generallt meta arguments, and it does support your idea very well. However the comparisons of Snape's attributes were kind of light (except maybe for the bat flight from book 7), you didn't really get into the specifics of what make a vampire in the Wizarding World. And what I find is the most important thing that's lacking here is how it fits in the story. Since when is Snape a vampire? Was he turned sometime around the first Wizardind War? Was he a vampire since before he went to Hogwarts? Was he turned? If so, how? If not, how does that work?
Dumbledore!!!
cant Hagrid fly unsupported? he tells harry he flew to the island in the first book but there is nothing there but the boat harry came on in the first place.
14:43 Saying her name again, are we? Uh huh... 15:23 *herself Hoo boy...
Aw, you referred to "She Who Must Not Be Named" again... I must say, I did love hearing you guys just call her "The Author".
It could be possible he may not be a full vampire. Maybe he's a dhamphr / half vampire.. I mean he is the half blood prince after all.
He's not a vampire, he just dedicated his life to cosplay as one...
Right off the bat (no pun intended) The wolves being democratic in nature statement is total BS. Wolves are absolutely ruthless in their persuit of dominance.
Doesn't Snape attend daytime quiddich matchs at multiple points during the story? I think he even refereed one (I may be remembering that wrong). Given a vampires sensitivity to daylight in most mythology I feel like this causes an issue with the theory.
You didn’t convince me that he’s a vampire… but may have convinced me that he’s a bat?
I dunno. Either/or, if he is it does not changethe story at all. Just a fun tidbit? Not sure I trust much of what Rowling says these days anyway...
His anomagus could just be a bat but polsable theory
I suspect that the origin of the vampire vs werewolf idea came out of Hollywood. In folklore many times they are the same creature.
Are they just making videos to make videos ?
It wouldn't be the first time J.K Rowling retconned herself, I believe this theory to be 100% accurate. Snape is the missing Vampire in the lore of Harry Potter.
Doesn't he procede to walk in complete darkness after his discussion with lupin ?
I saw the thumbnail and burst out laughing!
As far as I'm concerned Ben and J alone establish canon for Harry Potter  Snape = totally a vampire 🦇
Least showered person at Hogwarts.  Pretty sure Harry only takes one bath in seven books and it's for the egg clue lol Boy's filthy.
Want a great Vampire vs Werewolf story watch the Underworld series
The big points against this, apart from the quotes from Rowling, are that Snape is somewhat regularly shown outside in the middle of the day, he eats and drinks human food, and he was killed by Voldemort. Vampires are undead creatures that don't just die like normal people.
My theory on why Dumbledore never let Snape teach DADA is because of the one-year curse on it. He needed Snape to stick around so he couldn't let him teach that class until he was certain of his own demise.
14:42 so Snape is actually Batman? Wow. 😁
Me and all SCB videos: This is their most outlandish theory yet….wait, this makes complete sense!
I mean, we all know he is batshit crazy. Makes total sense.
First thing on the list I know is going to be he hates sunlight he closes all the windows of the dark arts room when he's a sub and he teaches in the basement and his house that he's the leader for is in the basement or dungeons and he just seems to be allergic to sunlight but he's not he he doesn't seem to like sunlight but he definitely was outside at the quidditch match not jinxing Harry's broom
Maybe he’s a bat animagous?
Thank you jkr but SCB will take it from here ❤
Hagrid can fly unsupported as well! Otherwise, how did he get Harry from the cabin on the rock?
I could see Snape being part Vamp, but I'm not certain he's full fang-head
No. Absolutely not. Though an Animagus ... Of a bat. Since everyone who can change has the characteristic of the animal. Which would also imply Snape as nocturnal frail, intelligent, and since there is a vampire bat irl...
Yes, I’ve been a big proponent of this theory for years!! Thank you!
I do have a question? If Snape is a vampire then how in the world did he die so easily.  Vampires stereotypically, are super strong and even a snake ad bog as Nagini shouldn't have been much of a challenge.
Snape sucks. He's a bat teacher who drains the life out of everything, and he's also so serious as if the stakes are high.
My cousin was a head of me reading the books and when she told me Remus Lupin's name,  I asked her if he was a werewolf and she asked "I don't know. Why?" I said " Because his name is Remus Lupin."  She didn't understand.  I had to explain it to her. After she got far enough into the book to find out that he was a werewolf, she had to let me know that I was right. Lol. Great video as always.
I think it is more likely that Snape likes bats, the shadows, and maybe vampires, but isn't one himself—perhaps because he was so ostracized by day. Importantly, however, there are three essential characteristics of vampires that he *does not* share: 1. Not aging;  2. Can't be in sunlight; 3. Drinks blood. Snape definitely does age, as we know from his memories in the Penseive. He can indeed be out during the daytime, in the light, as evidenced many times, but attending Quidditch matches is as good an example as any. And there is *no* evidence that he drinks blood, or even craves it. While Wolfsbane keeps Lupin from transforming, there is no such remedy for Vampires that we know of. If Snape were one, surely that remedy would have been mentioned somewhere throughout the book. Snape is not a vampire (though I do like the idea that perhaps his mother was one, and he is yet another "half-blood"—pun intended)!
Bats became fully connected with vampires much later, before finding vampiric Bats in 20th century, they were connected with many animals in England and elsewhere. Nocturnal, but various. But Snape is simply Bat, which gives even more sense. As a bat he would have known far better about the presence of students and what they are doing in secrecy - even the invisible cloak matches bat more than vampire. They can "see" the invisible and can spy on the students as he did on the Marauders. Maybe his almost deadly meeting with Lupin forced him to become animagus. Don't tell me, he didn't figure out all about them.
Maybe Snape is just a huge Vampire fan and just likes to portray himself as one.
Isn’t snape seen outside during the day a bunch of times throughout the series though? If he were a vampire, that wouldn’t be possible, right?
Hear me out... What if Snape is descended from vampires! That would explain why JK said he's not actually a vampire but he has vampiric qualities.
14:43 First time you've used her name in a long time.
I have always wondered why Snape was never seen outside during the day. Makes sense now. Hmmmm.
He could also just be an unregistered animagi. It would be in his character and would definitely support him in his triple agent work
Maybe he's a Dhampir. A vampire hybrid. Or in this case, maybe his mother was a Dhampir. We see people who are one quarter non human in the form of Fleur and she still has many Veela qualities despite being only one quarter Veela. If Snape was one quarter vampire it could easily explain a lot. The word Dhampir is also Albanian in origin. The powers of a Dhampir are traditionally they can sense a supernatural creature within a specified distance, have acute sense of sight and hearing, have regenerating abilities, immortality, can walk in sunlight (but may prefer night), eat like a human, can control animals, and can be used to destroy vampires. In fact Dhampirs tend to go into Vampire Hunting, which I'd consider a branch of Defense Against the Dark Arts. In Albanian folklore Dhampirs have untamed dark or black hair and are very cunning or courageous in nature. On top of that, while Wizards have no royalty, vampire society is often shown as having a Noble hierarchy of the sort. Almost like a last name you'd give to your half vampire child since Vampire's don't tend to have last names.
I honestly always thought he was a vampire while reading the books as a kid lol
Snape did not learn flight from Voldemort. Voldemort does not give information he thinks makes him special and unique to anybody else. (Example, Room of Requirement) Furthermore 3 people actually know how to do unassisted flight, Voldemort, Snape...and Lily. He learned how to fly from Lily.
Bold of you to say Snape is the least showered person at Hogwarts when Filch is Right There
I've believed that Snape is a bat animagus for a long time, but never considered vampire.
Open fire inside  house? What a great idea! 9/10 firefighters recomend the product. CO poisoning is so fun.
What if that's why Nagini is used to kill Snape instead of Avada Kadavra? The killing curse won't work on the undead Also also actually actually: Snape is perfect for his role because he is able to guard his mind so well... And vampires are frequently known for their skills with mental manipulation or mind reading and the like.
Daylight?
Could Snape be an animagus? A Bat?
It strikes me that, whereas most literary series inspire fan theories whilst in production, Harry Potter has spawned FAR more such theories after it was completed
I don't think Snape is a vampire I think everybody thinks he is one because he looks like one more than anything also JK Rowling herself told everybody that she doesn't like vampires because they're overused.
Remember when the QOTD was something other than “what do you think” every once and a while lol
J.K.: Snape is not a vampire J : 'Kay, we'll see about that.
Milk it for everything you can there guys.
I haven't even started the video yet..I'm still stuck on ads. But I'm just thinking to myself "why r we doing this?" But knowing y'all, ur probably gonna convince me by the end of the video 😂😂😭
Ive already heard this theory but never even considered it until this video. I agree, it really does seem like J.k. Rowling intended on making Snape a vampire at least at some point while writing the books.
I always thought Snape was just an unregistered animagus and could turn into a bat, hence all the bat metaphors  found throughout. I also think Dumbledore is an unregistered animagus and can turn into a Phoenix. That’s why you can see a Phoenix fly away at the end of his funeral in the book.
Literally reading my mind. I was literally going to ask you guys to make a “Snape is a vampire” video
My only question is how is he able to stop himself from wanting to feed on children because at Slughorn's party the guest that brought him has to stop him from trying to feast on students. It's this that makes it hard for me to agree that Snape is a Vampire.
The holes in this are when nagini bit him and he died. Vampires can only be killed a few ways. Also hes a daywalker and in lore daywalkers are practically non existant.
I don’t know about this one… 😅
I mean, as much as vampires are associated with bats, vampires... AREN'T just bats, and Snape's missing some pretty defining traits of real vampires. The most iconic traits of vampires are drinking blood and being weak to sunlight. We know he can go out in sunlight, and we NEVER get any indication of him needing to drink blood, ever. Moreso than just being bat-like, I would expect a vampire Snape to adhere to at least ONE of these two characteristics, at minimum.
The Lupin essay comment truly is genius. Also, he just caught them out of bed in the middle of the night...and just had to talk to them about homework? That always sounded like a flimsy excuse to get away to me, but with this theory it's the perfect way to shut Snape down!! I don't think he's a full vampire, but based on the evidence in this video, I'm thoroughly convinced he's a half vampire.
Would explain why voldy used his snake to kill him
Snape is a vampire. I am convinced. 🙂
Snape, snape, vampire snape Snape, snape, vampire snape Snape, snape, vampire snape Snape, snape, vampire snape Idk, seems to work well enough
Snakes represent Satan and vampires are spawns of Satan. Snape is snake and vampire combined. Seems legit
You've brought up some very interesting points. However, there is one key thing which has me still unconvinced of Snape being a vampire as plausible: his death (which you mentioned). Yes, there are ways to kill a vampire, but I'm pretty sure snake venom isn't one of them.
I am absolutely convinced
Convinced! But then does that mean he didn’t actually die????
Snape is seen in the sun at multiple quidditch matches, so that kind of disproves the whole thing.
Well no, sorry to be the antifun guy, but what good is making a theroy if the author directly comes out and says its wrong before hand?
I can think of at least 3 separate instances in the books where nape is present in the open during a sunny day.
What about the times we se Snape in direct sunlight, like for example the quidditch match where he saves Harry in book 1?
So is he a vampire or an animagus changing into a bat?
I think Snape could have been a vampire. Wouldn't be the first time J.K Rowling changed a character's race
Hermione: "No, Ron, that's not what Harry meant when he said that Professor Snape sucks."
If the author has said no, then no amount of evidence will convince me the answer is yes...
So what you're telling me is, Snape is....the batman?
15:00 and i we could trust jkr AT ALL that would matter
I think he is a vampire
1st He doesn't like Werewolves.
I believe it to be possible that he is at least part vampyre, if not entirely. For eksample a ancestor was a vampire.
i like this theory i just dont believe it.
Who Else feels like SuperCarlingBrothers are starting to run out of ideas?
If JKR watched this video shed change her mind and realize she wrote him as a vampire this whole time.
It's a good theory, but it leaves out two major characteristics: immortality and blood lust. And of course you could argue that Rowling takes her liberties with her depiction of already existing folklore, but these attributes are the most consistent ones for vampires throughout history. Also it would be very irresponsible of Dumbledore to employ a vampire in a school.
Can you do a what if video about Snape being a part of the marauders? Maybe they let him in the group to mess with him more but they actually become friends, kind of like Peter pettigrew.
This fandom/universe has a life of its own now, I don’t take the author’s word as gospel. Vampire Snape is in my head cannon now!
In Prisoner of Azkaban, when they show Snape closing the windows in his DADA lesson, he closes them right before he crosses path with the sunlight, not while he's in it. Also, i don't think we ever see Snape being directly in sunlight, always just out its reach.  That, or Snape is an unregistered Animagus, and literally can transform into an enormous bat.
I'll one up this; Snape isn't a vampire... He's a dhampir. A creature which is the result of a vampire and a human (so he's also a half blood, hence half blood prince would make sense there to have a double meaning beyond just his mum's name). It also explains why Snape can walk around in broad daylight.
Me: At the beginning I don't think it's a true  Me: At the end okay I'm sold 😂😂😂
0:25 hogwarts doesnt have showers, just baths
I actually just made a SpongeBob version of The Mysterious Ticking Sound from Potter Puppet Pals. It was fun to record but a bit of a pain to edit.😂
SuperCarlinBros, Remember J.K. Rowling is trying to convince you that  Severous Snape is a Villian . So she is toying with you about alluding to Snape being a Vampire. Giving him batlike qualities to throw you off as a reader. buy yes she had said that she was thinking of having Vampires in the story. Also remember Vampires can regenerate themselves !!
Snape is the half bat prince
Gilderoy Lockharts Voyages with Vampires might be fraud... but still better vampire story than Twilight
Will you be playing the new Harry Potter game! That would be a good live stream or video!
This kind of reminds me of some animated DC Justice League thing where the Flash tells off Batman to "go back to your cave and drink some blood or whatever", and Batman, confused, says "I don't drink blood". Flash: "But you're a vampire." Batman: "I'm not a vampire." Flash: "Then how do you have super strength?" Batman: "I don't have super strength." Flash: "...you're not just some guy in a bat suit, are you!?" Batman smirks and leaves.
Severus Snape is an animagus, he has became one because of the Marauders.
Did NOT expect a Parks & Rec reference here, but I love it.
Ask yourself this...did we ever see Snape in direct sunlight....always cloudy or a darklit room
I am done.  Next you are going to say in a part of the multiverse Werewolves can mate with humans.  (See the Twilight Movies).  When I was a kid in the 60s, vampires, werewolves and zombies tore humans to pieces.  Now the werewolf is a human with a condition.  I missed something somewhere.  Really thought Snape was an animagus and cod change into a bat
It doesn't make sense to me. He was a child at Harry's mom age. Absolutely zero proofs.
Maybe he can turn himself into a bat but isn't actually a vampire?
Maybe Snape is just a Batamagus.
This is a cool theory because it also reframes that conversation between Dumbledore and Snape about the reason why Snape had to kill Dumbledore instead of Draco doing it.  Dumbledore says he won’t have Draco’s soul ripped apart on his account. Then Snape asks “And my soul, Dumbledore? Mine?” And instead of being like “here’s my wisdom about how souls work”, Dumbledore says “You alone know whether it will harm your soul to help an old man avoid pain and humiliation”.  Because perhaps Dumbledore doesn’t know how killing impacts the soul of a vampire (assuming they have souls). 😄
How does vampire death works? Because he seemed to have a pretty human death
I think that's just part of the character, someone can really seem like something when they really aren't
But what about the moments they saw him in daylight
Test
Love this collab with Herschel Walker!
Fully convinced! If I had to choose between then, I'd hold to the Filch theory over the Snape theory, but I absolutely agree it seems too persistent to not have been the plan at SOME point. Nicely done BenJam!
This is all cool, but don't wampires burn under the sun. And I am pretty sure Snape went under the sun
Oh my god! I haven’t heard that song in years, love that <3
This would be a cool topic for future writings as the HP world continues to grow! I for one would love to hear a wizarding world story involving vampires...
What if he’s an animaigus and he turns into a bat? He’s always been skilled with potions
I am… mildly concerned that you guys still dedicate so much to Harry Potter content.
Much like Hagrid is a half giant, maybe Snape is a half vampire.    It could explain why he's so great at potions -- he's trying to keep the vampire half at bay.  It would also explain how he was at the Quidditch match -- in daylight -- without taking any damage.
Snape isn't a vampire he's another secret animagus. He became one after finding out that the Marauders were animagi
What if he is only part vampire? Like the grandson of a vampire. It would explain the differences too
he fits all the vampire troops, except the most important one... dying in sunlight...
Click bait ... why did you guys feel it was needed? There's no "proof" - lots of exciting theories but I was hoping you guys had found some actual proof. Also, vampires are ... difficult. There's so many interpretations of vampires in various lore these days - I was hoping you guys would start by presenting what we know of vampires specifically in the Wizarding world but this wasn't in there either. Overall, not your best theory video in my opinion
Vampiren also don't Luke running water in some country lore. Would also explain his greesy hair. No
Thank you for using Rowling's name.
Well I don't think he is one I do think that the parallels both in the world of the story and within the storytelling are not coincidental.  To me he feels like the type of person to learn about vampires and want to be one and so emulates that look. As a wizard he would have had full knowledge that vampires were real and maybe even met one.  Idk 🤷‍♀️  but thanks for the theory it really makes u think.
It's the theory from the live stream
Now I think Hogwarts should hire Dr Abraham Van Helsing. Sorry could help myself.
I literally spent all day yesterday singing that in my head thanks to my friends bring that song up and now it's gonna be stuck in my head the rest of the night.
Of he is a pure vampire though he has to still be alive out there somewhere
Will you cover the king killer Chronicles series more please
How are y'all still making Harry Potter videos 🤣
I just want to point out that the mirror of Erised is a MAGIC MIRROR and not a mirror. When magic is involved you can't apply what we think we know about anything.
I think it is more likely he is a Dhampir which is a half vampire half human. Plus the half blood prince thing feels even more on point if so
Did you convince me he could be a vampire? No. Did you convince me he could be a bat animagus? Somewhat, yes
The only real problem I see is that Snape has canonically been outside in the daytime... at Quidditch specifically...
Naaa, he just goth.
Honestly let’s be real the author of Harry Potter says a lot of things………. And some quite frankly are just not true.
This is one of your weakest theories SCB. Not once did you even grapple with the fact that Snape was seen in the sunlight on multiple occasions during the series. At most your theories about his “bat like” appearance points to a possibility that he can turn into a bat.  You also didn’t go into the lore about vampires in the HP universe and as we know authors have taken liberties with the abilities of mythical creatures, so we do not know from the information in your video if vampires can be seen in glass, or if they don’t like garlic, or even if they can survive in the sun.  If you were to say to me that actually JK wrote that vampires are not hurt or killed by the sun in her world, then I am totally on board with your theory.  Much love SCB
If not a vampire, you got me convinced he would turn into a bat if he wanted to become an Animagus,  Video idea: Which animal would characters turn into? You could expound this to characters outside of Harry Potter. 😊
Doesn't Dumbledore not let Snape teach Defense against the Dark Arts because of the curse on the position?
well, with Snape's rivalry with the Marauders, maybe he became an animagus; a bat a vampire bat, perhaps
I'd say a unregistered bat animagus as not effected by sunlight. As someone who followed vampire folk lore my whole life *twilight does Not count* sunlight is a huge factor also snape never wore anything like a amulet or anything to protect from sunlight but you see him in sun light. Fix the sun problem and I'm sold. Also water crossing water he put the sword in the lake. Consigrated ground (holy) was another thing but he never went to the graveyard so ok I'll let that slide.  If JK did write vampires too be included I'm guessing she would of gone down the nosferatu dracula vald sepish or a bit of Anne rice. Not twilight vampire diaries true blood or other nonsense. Maybe Henry Fitzroy in Blood Ties.  Also if snape was a vampire in traditional means it would mean he would be eternal in looks Not aging but obviously he aged from first discription of his youth in hogwarts pale slim bat like. Wouldn't age he would still be at latest early 20's like lilly and james.  The greasy hair doesn't mean he can't touch water in lore it can't cross water or travel on or over. Which when he bat shaped out he flew over water. 🤔  Hmm hate to say but not a Vampire. But Animagus highly provable.
Not commenting on the bat part, but rather on why Dumbledore never made Snape the DADA professor until year 6. He needed to keep Snape around, and the curse would likely prevented that.
hmm maybe he is a dawn walker type thing you know a half vampire. we see the drawing strengths from mixed heritage being a constant theme thought out the books
There is enough evidence to support this, but we never read, see or get anything about him drinking blood and about fangs. On top of all that even if there is more than enough evidence the author said he isn't. If she says he isn't than he isn't
Ben for Kvothe!🧙🏻‍♂️🗡 J for Elodin!🗡🧙🏻‍♂️
So your saying Snape is the Batman.
Fun fact about Vampires and Mirrors: In the early days of being made, Mirrors were backed with silver, which is considered a pure metal. The same properties that allow it to harm werewolves is the same property that causes vampires to not be reflected in it. If a vampire were to look into a more modern mirror, which are usually back with aluminum, they would see them selves just fine! That said, I would bet the mirror of Erised id backed with silver.
Quite convincing to be honest, but if that's the case Snape had to be turned into a vampire as an adult because of the fact the vampires are undead and therefore don't age.  Maybe that statement is wrong and vampires in the HP universe are different from "regular" vampires. Also there is the possibility (as some people in the comments have pointed out) of Snape being the son of a human and a vampire therefore a Dhampir which do age like humans
I was sceptical until the quote by Lupin about the vampire essay, but that was really convincing and hilarious :P I can't quite bring myself to be fully convinced on this theory though, just because there's no way they wouldn't have confirmed it at some point in the actual books (would've been a great extra plot twist for the last book, and could possibly have tied into the "Snape is still alive" theory)
He had a vampire ancestry.
We are meant to think that he is, to throw the readers off what's actually going on. A sanguine herring, if you will.
not vampire..... bat family creature animagious ;)
Animagous
I am 100% sure, that JK Rowling just did this with every character and I think it helped to construct believable and fully rounded characters. She assigned the bat to Snape from the beginning and stuck with it throughout the whole series.  I would love to see you break down more inspiration creatures for everyone! You've already meantioned the obvious ones like Sirius and Lupin, but I would love to see some more not so blatent similarities
Man, I clicked on this going "Nope, no way. You can't convince me of that..." AND THEN YOU DID! I think Rowling absolutely indented him to be one but got convinced to not go all the way there by editors or someone else in that vain.
No, super shill bros, this is a theory where you cherrypick a lot of stuff to make it look like the theory has weight but ignore one big question : if he is one, and if people know, why is it never brought up? Sirius is hotheaded and hates Snape, so why wouldn't he tell Harry about it? Or why don't the people who know it start talking about it after he killed Dumbledore? Wouldn't it have been a good thing to dunk on when Snape was headmaster? Everyone thought he was Voldemort's top guy and the biggest Judas around, so it doesn't really make sense for everyone to be respectful of the secret that he's a vampire. Also he shows up outdoors in daytime plenty of times.
You forgot that hagrid can also fly. Harry book one on the rowboat back to the main land on the way to diagonally. Looking around for another boat, how did you get here he asked. Flow, but we'll go back in this, I'm not supposed to use magic now I've got you. I'm not allowed to do magic now I've got you.
Going with the theme of the evidence in the video, I think Snape is an unregistered animagus. It would make sense, given that he always hated the idea of Potters gang being better than him in any way. I wouldn't put it past J. K. Rowling to just conflate bat characteristics with Vampire characteristics when giving Snape his bat like features (like the rest of the features you talk about with the marauders)
I waited for BATMAN reverences and I waited and I waited. [still waiting] [lost opportunity]
Honestly the vampire essay moment sells it for me, because I feel like it loses being such a witty quip if Snape were not a vampire 🤷
I mean, the fact that Snape didn't immediately turn to dust in front of Harry when he died......  I feel like a better Theory would be if "Snape was secretly a Animagus and he could turn into a bat", or if "Snape hadn't fallen in love with Lily, would his Patronus be a Bat instead?"
Wolf packs are a prolonged falasey. This was misinterpreted by observation of what appeared to be dominant Alpha and Beta members leading small groups of unrelated wolves of various ages. In reality, wolves live in family groups centered around mating pairs. They also mature rapidly compared to our own growth cycle and can have successive litters of multiple pups. The Alpha and Beta have actually been confirmed to just be the mating pair and the other wolves in the "pack" are the offspring of staggered age. It does not nessisary impact the point about lupin as Rowling likely wrote his character under the same common wrong steriotpe of wolves. What is interesting is the point about dogs fighting for dominance while wolves don't. Under the pack steriotype this is actually incorrect. In a pack, the inference is that the Alpha is an interchangeable individual decided through competative acts that would be successively challenged and ultimately usurped in time. The true nature of wolves more aligns with what is described in this video as the individual would leave and start their own family group at full maturity and thus have no reason to challenge the leading parent for dominance. With dogs, this behavior is more artificially developed by us through a breakdown of that family based dynamic (we take an artifical Alpha role and often separate out dog families to fit our pet needs) and artifical interaction with outside groupings (family dynamics of dogs are often brought into direct interaction due to our own social structures.) In the wild you would rarely see wolf family groups interact but if they do it would likly be in a competative nature. What are often viewed as gang wars between packs for territorial dominance are more like funds between families a d this is similar with dogs except in artificial environments with different stakes/control factors and without an extention of family members contributing.
Honestly I trust you more than JK Rowling at this point
Such arrogance. Saying you know more about a character than the author.
Half vampire?
SCB: That guy's basically a bat. (referring to Snape) Also SCB: Snape is a vampire.  Surprised Ben didn't bring this up 😂
Pleaseee make a how to kill a dementor video!! I'm so interested in this question and I feel like you guys could really come up with something good. It would also be really cool to see a video on general foreshadowing, talking about how everything interconnects. A really good example is how moody gets attacked at the beginning of the book, and it seems as if it's a false alarm and it's made to look like he's just being paranoid again, but obviously it's just majorly subtle foreshadowing. Obviously most people that reread the books pick up on this stuff but it would be really beneficial and interesting for those who aren't absolute stans. Here's another example: moody spots harry under the invisibility cloak with Hagrid in the three broomsticks. This is when moody suggests Hagrid show harry the dragons, but less obviously, it also sets up the fact that moody can see under invisibility cloaks, which comes back into play when harry is trapped in the trick step and Snape and filch pull up.
Typical. Someone wears lots of black and is a bit gothy and you say he's a vampire! Maybe I've had a bit too much of this nonsense in my life to accept your theory. 🙄  As an aside, I know how awesome bats are. They're such intelligent interesting little creatures, and very misunderstood. 🖤🤎🦇 If you love them like I do I highly recommend Batzilla here on YouTube. She's an Australian lady who runs a bat rescue centre, mostly dealing with flying foxes who are utterly adorable. 🖤🤎🦇 I love batties, and ratties, and snakes, and spiders, and ravens, and crows. All the strange misunderstood little creatures who are invaluable to our world and our ecosystems.
If james potter sirius black reamus lupin were all animigus surely snape would become a vampire to escape their bullying
How about just a Bat animagus?
The Half Blood Prince might just be a dhampir. The union between a vampire and a human.
His signature spell leads to a lot of bleeding. His title is has the word blood in it.
Scrolling down the YouTube feed seeing all the normal stuff and then I see the random title of "Proof Snape is a Vampire" .. only could be one Youtube channel 😆
Hey. Can't he be an animagus with a bat form? If you pull up Sirius as animagus and skeeter, who has like the same eyes as the beetle she is, than he could be just be that - an animagus 🤷🏼‍♀️
Male bats also often have enormously huge genitalia.  So maybe Lilly was just scared... Just saying
turn to page 394… 😊
Also, Peter always hides behind people, like a rat hides inside walls and such (that’s mice but whatever) and James as a stag, stags are tall and lanky just like James, and that could also be related to James always standing up being brave, and being the most attention grabbing. Minerva as a cat also makes sense, as cats are very stern and annoying (at times) but soft when you get close to them.
Another point for this theory would be when Snape comes across Harry in the invisibility cloak. Snape shouldn't be able to see him, and Harry isn't making any noise, but Snape still senses his presence. That would make sense if Snape had the senses of a vampire and could smell Harry, just like Mrs. Norris. He wouldn't know exactly where he was, but he would know that the hallway smells like Harry, which would make him suspicious.
I'm definitely convinced that Snape is something vampiric now. The Lupin vampire essay is actually what sells it for me. And who cares if the author says he's not a vampire? The fandom doesn't belong to JK Rowling anymore. She can go roll in the mud on Twitter with Elon Musk for all we care.
There were three unregistered Animagi at Hogwarts when Snape was a student. Perhaps he was a fourth, able to transform into a bat?
The potter puppet pals callback hit deep 😂
But WHERE would he get all the blood to drink?? Does Dumbledore just supply him with an unlimited blood supply?? Or does he go out & kill random people every night?? I think people would have caught on really quickly if that were the case … I think you missing one KEY piece of evidence here . . . 😅😉 & also does he eat human food, too, then? Like at the big feasts & stuff? Do we ever actually see (or read about) him EATING anything at those big feasts . . . ?? I don't remember now . . . Also, can vampire AGE in the Wizarding World . . . ?? I don't remember that now, either . . . 🤔
Aaaand - it would make perfect sense for him to invent a spell like Sectumsempra 😲!
Say whaaaaaa?!!!
No, Snap is a prep Drako and Hairy and Vampires.
Fun fact (that’s probably already pretty known): Severus is Latin for strict. The v is pronounced more like a U but still
You’ve got me sold
Dunno if I really buy this one, but you do make some good points. Really just depends on the lore of how vampires work in Harry Potter. If they can be in the sunlight, it doesn’t work.
Who the heck cares about being first just stop spamming the comment section with "first" it's annoying asf
OMG the potter puppet pals intro!!
Love this theory! It fits so perfectly!
Strongly disagree. Draco is a Werewolf, but Snape is just Snape!
I think its actually possible that Tobias Snape was a vampire himself.
plot twist Snape is actually batman
I was waiting for the little Snape reference for the whole video- just to see if you went there. (It was the first place my mind went, as I'd always noticed the bat comparisons, but kind of kicking myself for failing to catch the vampire implications.)
I love how people go all in on Rowling for her beliefs yet gobble up the world she created like hot cakes.
Now I’m fully convinced Snape is a vampire 😅
Lets meet in the happy middle and say that he's a bat.
Guys, as a big fan, I am just saying... Shouldn't you move on to other fandoms? How many more harry potter videos can you make at this point? I am sure other fandoms are less popular than harry potter, but at this point you guys are making 'what ifs' which feel less like theories and more like fanfics. There are other book fandoms that are comparable in size to HP or mainstream. Please try them out. Did name of the wind theories perform very poorly? Is that why you have not touched them since? I am sorry if this was rude, I am trying to give constructive criticism. This comment was made from love from one of your biggest fans. I have been thinking this for over a past year Tldr: Harry potter theories are a bit too many right now. Please diversify your content. PS: If I can suggest a fandom, it would be the cosmere. They have the biggest fanbase of total nerds and is right up your alley. It's ripe for theorizing. Not only that most youtubers who cover cosmere theories do so in long form videos like podcasts. Your shorter 15 20 mins videos would explode among fans. The fanbase is only growing and is on the precipice of explosion, because adaptations are very close. There are other book franchises too, if the cosmere is too large for you. I would love to hear your thoughts on this. Especially if I am completely wrong about my assumptions here.
Leave it to sch to come up with crazy theory's and have evidence to back it up.
I don't think so, We know Snape ages (he was a kid/teen when Lily and James were kids/teens and now he is an adult). Vampires tend not to age. Also he goes outside in the sunlight (Qudditch matches, after his OWLs). Vampires don't like the sun. Also also we know Snape bleeds. I am unsure if Vampires can bleed the way wizards and Muggles do.
Was youst hoping for a HP upload :D Than it happend <3  Have you guys looked at Hogwarts legacy yet on this channel?
Super interesting theory!
So that's why Snape never washes or maintains his hair - he's never been able to see how bad it looks in a mirror!
Snape outs Lupin, so Lupin outs Snape. Also means Snape doesn’t die just fakes his death “Always”❤
Maybe he is half vampire
My main issue with your theory is that he was seen by students outside during the day, which would likely NOT be the case if he was a vampire. Just a thought... 😉
I'm just fine ignoring the word of the author outside the story. It can be retconned in later stories and and I don't like She-who-must-not-be-named anywway.
Not vampire-related, but my Carlin Bros Coffee tumblers were delivered yesterday and I LOVE THEM.  Thought you ought to know.
i mean jk rowling has changed the lore a lot and said some really weird stuff about her books so I don't think you can entirely take her on her word
It’s confirmed he’s not a vampire the writer of books this comes from
Snape may be partly vampire from his mothers side. We don't know much about the procreation of vampires, but it may be possible that humans and vampires can breed, and their offspring is mostly human, but with vampire-like charachteristics.
I'm not convinced that he's a vampire. He is very similar in description and I can see where this theory came from. I do think the fact he can fly is very interesting too, but without seeing fangs or blood drinking I don't know if I can believe it.
14:00 Albus Dumbledore once said, “You know, I sometimes think we Sort too soon.”
It's almost as if JK Rowling left some plot holes or unmentioned canon for you guys to figure out.
What is the "towel" section?
I just taught my two year old niece the Mysterious Ticking Song. She loves shouting: DUMBLEDORE!
I always go in thinking, NO WAY Then ending the video thinking, Yeah, that makes sense
early ish
Ok, I wasn't comvinced until the "Vampire essay" bit. That's just too perfect
I have never seen a Harry Potter movie, nor have I ever read a Harry Potter book. Yet I still watched all of the "Potter Puppet Pals" back in the day, and I watch these videos... Why?
First time being early 🫡
Made it 100 likes 🤩👍. Severus is definitely a vampire 🦇
I wouldn’t ever have considered this but it really works
Here are two suggestions for videos about Disenchanted: 1. Should Giselle and/or Morgan be Disney Princesses? 2. Easter Eggs in the film.
Search your heart... you've always known it to be true.
You have the BEST upload schedule I could watch yt at any time and I'd see a recent upload of yours TY
let’s please stop these harry potter videos with little to no basis. please we just want something new 🥲
Never been this early 😂😂😂
First one Here Lets Go
first
When you're so early you're the first like 😱🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🥳
Anyone else really miss THESE SOCKS ARE AMAZING at the end of videos
First
I beg your f*cking pardon!?
I KNEW IT!!!
Hmmmmmmmm makes sense though somewhat
1st
Oo! I'm here early! First.
I've never been this early
First
