So sleep arrows are good in the game?
14:32 Ooooh pre-release Beast Claw...
Being a carian knight as a starting class seems so nice
I’m rewatching this and finally realizing, why the fuck was pine so over leveled for margit
the bloody wolf lol
I wish I was better at games so I could enjoy stuff like this. It looks so fun.
Looking back it fills me with joy seeing how hyped everyone was
Really hope that when the game released we will have 6-player fight club at the first step, poise actually works and the dried finger 2.0 can't be abused by host and co to gank invaders !
You're really going to claim hating Dark Souls 2 is wrong without so much a video where you fail your attempt to prove that? C'mon.
Hope this game turns out to be awesome
22:07 we not gonna skip by like he didn't just say 3/2
I just hit 30 hours and had to look this up because I cant take my eyes of this game. This world feels incredible and so alive. Unlike anything I’ve ever played. Late to the party but soooo glad I came
Wish I could back to the day of release.
Really great that the network test is 8 hours long  Thats longer than most games on the market
Over a year later, one of my few complaints about Elden Ring is how clunky multiplayer is with fog walls -- fog walls that didn't exist in this demo.  Utter heartbreak.  Still an amazing game, but my disappointment in this regard is immeasurable.
He predicted the powerstance Great Spear PvP meta. The mad man.
You know it kind of sucks I'm really bad at souls like games but I think elden ring is beautiful and I enjoy it and it's world. But sucking makes a hard game that much harder.
Hey brotha, what do you think is the best build for a "battle ready warlock" please please please please pleeeeeaaaasseeee lmk! I like your explanations on everything so I really want to know.
Man watching this after almost a year elden ring came out feels weird this game evolved so much from the deno lol
It was so different back then
Why is it touted as a positive that there's no reward for climbing?
BRO SAID 8 HOURS OF CONTENT TRYING TO DO EVERYTHING
For all that ER did. They fucked coop/pvp so bad dude.  Like it makes and made no fucking sense. I dont wanna be invaded solo.... but whilst im trying to clear areas with my friend... yeah no.   Pvp is absolute dogshit in this game and i actually would slap the shit out of miyazaki if i saw him
god of war
I thought Elden Ring came out in 2021, thankfully it’s early access
Is the bloody wold a new class? I haven't played for like 4 months and I've beaten it more than once. Never seen a bloody wolf class.
This is honestly such a fun video to look back on.  it's a really great look at why Limgrave and the first 20-30 hours of Elden Ring are such an incredible opening to the game.  By the end of the game dungeons do start to get samey and you do end up repeating encounters (which I don't really have an issue with, some specific exceptions aside) but that first 30 hours is the best game I've ever played.  Bearing in mind, other Souls games are shorter than that, that says a lot.
19:12 This man discovered AFK farming during the Network Test lmfao
nononono, I love Elden Ring - but they have the same open world issues like other open world games. The small dungeons looks always the same, copy&paste enemies and bosses!!!! boring items in the open world and in the dungeons.The ghosts are only enemies with transparence... But  you played only the demo :D :P
Bro wtf happened to the snake shield!?
when I opened elden ring for the first time I was amazed. walking out onto the open world for my first true souls game. running away from the tree sentinel and talking to the merchant. wandering around and progressing for around 11 hours of one straight play session. it was only after around 4 hours when I remembered that there was crafting in the game "oh cool" I said ready to craft some arrows for a good cheesy farming spot I had found, only to discover I didn't have the option to do so. after wandering around for several hours collecting all sorts of materials trying to figure out why I couldn't craft one of my friends asked me if I had the item that unlocks the option to craft. no, no I did not, so I spent another couple hours wandering around trying to find it before my friend told me that the first merchant had the item. FINALLY I could craft those damn arrows after 10 hours. I now have a little over 70 hours in the game and am level 107 thanks to the even cheesier farming spot my friend led me to. I beat the fire giant at almost exactly 70 hours of playtime and after 40 or so attempts at the level I'm currently at. I then beat the godskin duo on the fifth try and made my friend very angry because I found it so much easier than the fire giant. needless to say. it's a pretty good game and I still haven't beat it
I miss how Varre starts off by telling you to "die in a ditch." It set the tone for a Souls game so well from the start. Why did they change it in the final release to make Varre into a more dubiously friendly character?
you know I actually liked the idea of making strength the equip burden stat but they changed it now in the final game it's endurance like it is in Dark Souls 1
not only was your prediction of elden ring being an overall favorite in the darksouls community is correct but it being an overall favorite for lots of people outside of fromsoft games fanbase.  I always found dark souls as this "hard game that a couple of people always talk about" rather then this game that I wanna play, for some reason hard games were never really appealing to me up until now. hard games just felt unnecessary, especially since i have a pretty bad rage problem and why would I wanna play something that made me rage more and something that was built specifically to annoy its own players(I'm talking about a different game when I say that part) but I have to say after playing salt and sacrifice(the souls like metroidvania that a follow up to salt and sanctuary with monster hunter elements) I realized these "hard games" are challenging, not hard, if that makes sense. idk it makes sense in my mind so I'm going with it.  I've grown to enjoy the challenge, even if I find it insanely aggravating that this boss just wont fuckin die and that move is annoying and feels undodgable and I have to go through the pathway again to get back my salt through swarms of enemies and traps that take away more then half my health and some that can kill me almost instantly just so I don't lose my juicy level-ups, even after all that, finding joy to finally beat a boss you've been stuck on forever, is just unbeatable, that feeling of you've improved as a player and that you feel overpowered as fuck for defeating something you saw as stronger then yourself, YOU as this puny mortal that dies from a flick of these bosses sometimes finally were able to beat a boss after using loads of your heals, getting the hits in you can, spamming your range to get more damage, throwing explosives like its 4th of July while struggling for your life all at the same time to finally devour the heart of the mage(the part of the monster hunter element in salt and sacrifice, its my favorite part of the bossfights, makes me lightly joke laugh like a maniac, especially during duo and when i get to eat the heart) to get the good kush of upgrading your armor, going to more areas you couldn't open before, defeating smaller bosses that feel just as challenging. the feeling of "I finally did it and it was glorious".   I haven't been able to play any other souls like past the first parts except salt and sanctuary and even then like I said at the beginning, I wasn't really interested in the challenge before so I'm definitely gonna go back to salt and sanctuary to play through it once i finish salt and sacrifice, there is so much i missed and i vow to beat the nameless god(the final boss in salt and sanctuary) on my own and maybe, just maybe, ill be able to get to the souls games.
Well, I had some fun with the game, but the moment after beating some minotaurs I was presented with spirit minotaurs my initial excitement vanished. Solid game, don't game me wrong. Have problems though and can be a pass if you're not a genre fan.
There's a fight in the castle where they lock you in a tiny room with a tough enemy, and there is an audible wheezing laugh. They devs laugh at you before locking you in a room to die. It's beautiful.
bro what is up with your starting classes, there are like 8 starter classes and bloody wolf and enchanted knight aren't any of them
The demo starting classes are WAY cooler than the ones we got in the final product. Lmao  Raging Wolf and Carian armor as starter equipment is fucking boner-town and it would make most of my runs less painful because enjoying what I look like matters excessively to me lmao
Did the health bar get changed?
It’s crazy how much the game has changed since then
sad that bloody wolf was removed, it looked like a good starting class
6 months later and YES ELDEN RING HELD UP TO THE HYPE HOLY SHIT ITS SO GOOD
I love how they got inspiration from other open world games and made modern open world game that has appeals to everyone from the combat to exploration…
Anybody else not enjoying the game as much as the souls games? The combat and mechanics are amazing but the open world with reused assets from previous games make it predictably mediocre. It's not a 10/10 experience, maybe a 7/10. George RR Martin and a new ip didn't make for a new souls experience. The similarities to previous games are so deep that George's work seems lazy at best. Elden Ring is where I see Souls starting to die. I have many good things to say about the game but the Devs have lost inspiration, creativity, and purpose. Elden ring combines the best mechanics from previous souls games with new mechanics such as jumping, horse riding, and summoning. These great points fall short in a world that's not rewarding and lacks a real message for the player. The world is populated with other players messages that muddle the true story and spoil what would be fun and REWARDING to find out yourself. We spoil the game for others for a like on a message that's equivalent to toxic youtube comments - it doesn't matter but we do it anyway. We are all elden lords that are following yet another prophetic story with little to no impact on the player or the way they see the world since it lacks spirit. It's truly sad to see a beautiful world built on brilliance itself turn vastly Grey and uninspired. If Elden Ring gets a sequel, there is much that can be learned here, and the game has potential to be what the world thinks this game already is - immortal.
I’ve had the game for a month and a half with only 20 hours… Up to Rennala and stuck on the 2nd phase
21:50 can anyone tell me what ash of war that multi-wave of light attack is?
Nobody:  This guy: *”sekeero”*
Watching this video after the game is out it delivered really well man. By far from softs best game.
"arcane is like luck... I think the spells will be rare" so glad you were wrong because my first build was a blood build with a couple arcane/faith spells built in and it was SOOOO fun
If another action is not having power stance and jump attacks, I am not playing it. I have been spoiled
Damn. Well 100 hours in and some updates in, my opinion has highly morphed haha. Im not even through the game but almost and i have been trying to get every unique item at least. Its tough! Some bosses feel too weak vs their counterparts. For example, i was able to beat nearly all the bosses in consecrated snowfield before i could go back and beat the bell bearing hunter from upper caelid... it just feels weird to have bosses with wildly different power level all in once place.
22:15 you said 3 halves
Turns out it IS just a reskinned Dark Souls and poise is useless like in DS3... Also sleep is pointless now :/
“Half of you are excited, half of you are panicking, and half of you have no clue what I even said”
Bloody wolf? why cant i choose that one
It's weird how you're in Limgrave using op shit, and I'm stuck dying to everything.
Dragon’s dogma gotta get a sequel
Wouldn't be surprised if people said borderlands 'has bad graphics quality' too'
wow the game changed a lot in 4 months
Everything I see I jump to or on an it’s bad Bec then I get side tracked for 30 min an forget what I was doing then I go off an do something else
Morget was ez
there's a talisman that negates all fall damage
Can someone that speaks japanese tell us what is the original Japanese equivalent to Elden Ring's "Finger Maidens"? Finger Maidens sound so funny, I wonder what the original term is with proper context-based translation
ive only just starrted this video but there's 2 drops into the tutorial area so that you dont take fall damage
This game makes me feel like a kid again it's seriously too good I'm missing work to get ma fix lol
1:44 ob i am going to buy it when in promotion
Remember all: closed captions work, so you can mute the OP and still get the info minus the voice.
An easy ass game with nothing to do elden ring.
Watching this video currently 200 hours into elden ring, very sad to see that golden runes used to be called different things :(
They changed stuff, i was really confused about the classes and locations at first
This game is way to hard and no easy- extremely hard,Just starts at EXTREMELY HARD,and your screwed if you don't live on your game controller, I gave up after 15hrs of so,and I love RPG'S, FROM MORROWWIND TO SKYRIM VR, I will never beat a boss in this game And while I do agree this is just something I'm not as good at anymore(I'm 60) no I don't agree, with oh well find something else...sellers are supposed to make customers happy, all it would take is a difficultly level ??????   That's it and they would sell way more games,and in game products
game is so boring that he has to resort to jumping on rocks to entertain himself
This game turned out very good!
Lots of copy and paste caves and catacombs with level design and enemies but its fun
man. the starting classes looked so much cooler
pretty crap at these D's style gmes,but am enjoyin more freedom in this one
Can’t find bloody wolf
Wasn't the video longer before?
I just completed the game after 120 hours of playtime on my character. Now I can finally watch your Elden Ring videos!  Game was 10/10 obviously.
"Feel free to go die in a ditch or something" New players: "D:" Old players: "Sure will :D"
me, 40 hours in and havent discovered 1/50th of what you ve  discovered cause i just died endlessly hah!
How can one enjoy the elden ring fighting system after playing dragons dogma?
My only critique, I wish I could live in the little house (the one by the lobsters)
They took the blood wolf off i think cause i didnt see that one
Here's a great souls farm for really early on in the game, you can start the necessary steps as soon as you exit the cemetery. You won't even need to level up aside from about 3-5 times to start using Dragon Breath. Dragon's Breath is amazingly fun to use, and it looks breathtaking in this iteration https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ge4T27Vocmg
I've watch like 2 hours of content and I've yet to see 1 repeated enemy. I swear this game must have around 100 unique enemies.
I have 20 hours in and I haven’t even killed the first main boss on the bridge
I played elden ring for 30 minutes, couldn’t hit the horse more than 5 times without getting one hit then refunded
8hours of content ?
The first thing I did was to switch the bindings for jump and interact. Triangle works just as well for jumping and X is still ‘interact’ like it’s always been. The second thing I did was turn off the tutorials. It felt too weird getting explanations  in a From Software game lol
What’s the online like ? This looks quite awesome
How many people can play co-op at the same time? Whats the Max?
Damn where's the bloody wolf in the real game? O well I'm an asstrologer
Is there any chance for a casual gamer to enjoy Elden Ring?
i love how this game looks, but sadly, i'm a bit apprehensive about me being too bad of a gamer for it :( i hope im able to play elden ring and the other souls games someday, because this video has me absolutely enamored with this game </3
Its wild to think a lot of the elements in this version are different from the release.  Prices of items, the icon for ashes war, a lot of small changes.
I have to say that i am soooo glad that you dont have to farm humanity anymore to multiplayer, this was so annoying if you died to somethkng out of your power like lag spikes or hackers
i died so much that i dont know if i will play it in future lmao
As someone who was newer to these games I missed the tutorial area completely because of all the white messages. near the edge,.
me first time out of limgard..  "hey there's a crowd of easy enemy" approach *dragon coming from the sky "sh*t"
What is that double ended spear or sword how do I get it
I wish I could’ve played my deluxe edition that I pre ordered on PC , but guess what  It’s BROKEN , the frame rate is unbearable and the crashes are giving me a migraine !  I had to buy the ps4 version
when he said bloody wolf i was like what… but yeh.. it got taken out on full release
Yea I've played from release until literally rn with only taking bathroom breaks and eating like 2 meals 😂😂 finally about to go to sleep
I loved this video, I feel like I’ve learned so much about the game & lore and Ive never touched a dark souls game. I bought the game last night and after 3 hours of play the game is definitely v challenging
mannnnnnnnnnnn i wish i could play itttttttttttttttttttttttt ;_;
Bruh. It's just Dark Souls 2.0.
Heads up! PC version has some much worse performance issues than anyone expected. Steam reviews are sitting at 62% at this time because of how broken it is. I bought it and can't make it past the first room before it crashes; and that's with everything set to the lowest setting. If youre thinking of buying this on PC, I'd wait in retrospect.   FromSoftware have put out a statements: they are aware of many issues and are working on it. Fingers crossed. My hype has turn to sadness :(
Im still not a fan of the multiplayer mechanism it’s so annoying but the game overall is pretty good
I haven’t even had the game that long and Microsoft won’t give me my refund back it’s just another over hyped game
Can u parry like sekiro
My experience so far about an hour big club bonk hard
1:12 WHY DIDN’T ANYONE SAY THERE ARE PENGUINS IN ELDEN RING THIS IS A GAME CHANGER
I cheesed tf out of Margrit with me running halbert+two skeletons summon with spear to constantly break his posture and an caster npc summon to deal dmg from afar, the boss just keep being posture break after posture break allowing me to crazy dmg with the weakpoint attack
I like how the obvious idea of not wanting to be invaded oh because your trying to play the fuckin game?!?!? Like why would I not want the choice to turn thet annoying shit off, definitely don't need random dick wads running my experience
I don’t care about reused animations, in fact, i’m glad they did. If it ain’t broke don’t fix it
No ultra wide support, locked at 60 fps - and piss poor performance on PC.  Cmon.  Its 2022.
Is this objectively the greatest game? Or the greatest game for souls/bourne fans?
This will be my first souls game hope I will figure out
Nobody was really thinking right now with the release of the PS5 "I want another souls game" Most games we have now are souls games re-skinned, it's kind of a pandemic. I enjoyed the Souls series and completed all three including Demons Souls, the Bloodborne's, and the first sekiro but it's seriously ran it's course and all the souls-like games since have really worn me out on it. It's time for something new. While I see its perks, I don't know if an open-world game designed to punish you relentlessly for exploring and fighting is really going to mix. I see a fatal conflict in the core mechanics of the game and we'll have to see how people recieve it. It's going to be either a love or hate game. I can see all the complaints on reddit now about how people want to explore but the game's too punishing, and it restricts their exploration. I think going open-world is a big mistake. The sense of wonder disappears with instant gratification. Remember Ocarina Of time when you saw a new area to explore but couldn't get there yet? You held in that excitement of a new area, looking forward to it until suddenly you got the item you needed! Now you can go and explore that one place your imagination has been tormenting you with! Games will never be like that again. lol
Am I the only one who’s getting gyobu onywa vibes?
Hey Brain Eater, you should take a rest from sorting by new, it can't be good for your health. And enjoy the game!
Another teenager sounding kid over-analyzing a video game... It's a video game dude, go outside.... 😬 You're literally wasting your life
I feel like the only person who thinks this looks generic and bland, with decent graphics and without a satisfying form of combat. Just looks like you flail swords around and blood spews out of these giant monsters.
Skyrim horse: FINALLY, A WORTHY OPPONENT!!
Thank God I saw this three months later if i would have seen this three months early I couldn't sleep for a few nights . Waiting for this game
Can the controls be changed?
I've been playing dark souls since 2012 I'm so happy elden ring is bringing in fresh meat for me to invade unga bunga bonk bonk I'm so excited the PvP in dark souls has left only the best still playing we will spice our meat with your tears
So is there no armour/weapon swapping? Only a set character..
I am now having an seizure from the frame hopping, thanks
People think this looks BAD!?!!
Ohhhhhhhhh elden ring. Can't believe only 1 day
I love Steaks America!
Considering fromsoft hasn't made a game in the last 10 years I haven't enjoyed i seriously cannot wait for this
and it did 10/10 masterpiece reviews
If the combat is anything like Bloodborne, I’m getting it. The other souls games were too slow for me.
Honestly my biggest problem is the UI.   Just looks like the same Dark Souls UI. That says a lot about how it looks when my biggest issue is the UI and nothing else.
Thank you
Call me a pussy or whatever but I've always hated the pvp in dark souls games but mostly cause I suck at it so I hope they make it so you can turn invasions off if your just trying to play with a friend
Best preview of this game !!!
Just imagine a sandbox where you could just make your own boss fight or even npc battles. But I’m liking the looks of the game
GAME LOOKS BEAUTIFUL
your final statement about living to the hype... man those are bold words good sir. I can honestly say the last maybe 4-6 big name games that came out did not live up to the hype.. i truely hope this one does
Horse goes jump jump
Those sleep arrows are gonna get patched lmao
Map?!?!
I don’t know if I like the idea of being invaded especially that it turns on if you want to coop. These don’t seem to go together. If I want to have a friend coop with me, I don’t want to worry about being invaded.
2 questions is there a block on high level players joining lower lever players ? Or Do you have to be close to the level they are
As you said - when I hear the word "crafting" in combination with "open world", I get pretty nervous. Please, From Software, spare us...
I was under the impression that this game was UNRELATED to the dark souls games(which I hated).  I stopped playing after being unable to defeat the first two bosses, dark souls is WAY too hard for me sadly, I need an easy mode so I can enjoy the exploration and weird things in the world without constantly DYING!!
Take a breath please or slow down and take a break at sentences. Lol I’m excited too but you make Ben Shapiro sound like he talks slow! 😜
This is the game that I always knew we deserved. Let’s rejoice my brothers and sisters. A game meant for gamers, an experience meant for fans. May you all have fun getting your shit rocked over and over again.
People think this game doesn’t look good?! Are they absolutely blind?! This is their best looking game by far, rivaled only by Bloodborne *maybe*.
The fact that I can't be invaded as a Solo Player is my favorite thing ever said. I hate PvP, I will never engage in it in these games which forced me to play in offline mode, missing out on the other half of the online. Now I don't have to!
"... I ran along a path with some trees nearby.  By the way CHIME'S FEEFEE OVERDRAFT WILL  SPOT ME.  IF YOU NEED A LITTLE CASH AT THE END OF THE MONTH, ITS THERE. UP TO 200 DOLLARS WHEN YOU SET UP DIRECT DEPOS- you have infinite stamina when out of combat" these ads, man. I'm just trying to elden my ring...
The 25th is taking to damn long
Can you play this game multiplayer, or co-op?! This game looks freaking amazing. Never played Dark souls, but this game looks so amazing.
A few days left!! First gameplay I've seen and you did a great job hyping it up!
So something about arcane, I think it might effect spread and crits, but specifically spread, all the early access players are dump stating arcane cause they don't see the point, but there's at least two spells that seemingly hurt to use cause bad super wide spread, that meteor spell, and the maddening pyromancy that arcs up and rains down, maybe arcane can effect how random and hard to land they are, might be something worth looking into.
Can’t wait to go back to my own habit I feel comfortable in, I can only imagine how many invaders I can troll
0:45 beast titan?
I pre ordered my copy, now I just need a PS5 to play it with
Skyrim is a great game but I'm sick of killing draugr and clearing dwemer ruins. So pumped for this.
Also, fuck fight clubs. quit turning these games in to something theyre not
Dark Souls 1 got poise correct
So if you want to just play dark souls with your friends, you get punished because douche bag griefers are going to constantly invade... great
Meanwhile the GOT book fan are wondering why the next book is still not out yet🤣
Halo infinite dark souls edition Feel like it will make it way too easy
Wait. Did he say this game only offers 8hrs of gameplay???
“If you’re looking at this game and thinking it’s just dark souls part 2”   I missed the part where that would be a bad thing
YOU THOUGHT YOU WERE RIDING A HORSE? NO! THIS IS A MOUNTAIN GOAT AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!
Looks way to easy - cheesy magic amd your good
do you lose anything when you die in Pvp?
So can you do the main path (game) as co-op?
What character are you using, the one with chunky and cool armout with magic and sword
Holy shit this game looks awesome. Going to be lots of neglected girlfriends out there.
I decided to buy Elden Ring. I've always stayed away from any kind of Dark Souls game because of the difficulty, but this one looks way too awesome to pass up. Thats said, it will still be my first time in this genre.  Wish me luck.
Don't know exactly why, but I just can't give in into the hype. Seems like you can "cheese" a lot of the bosses and enemies in the open world. Doesn't seem as fun that way, to be honest.  Besides, this being an open world, I'm also worried about being overpowered in case I do all the side stuff first (like I usually do). That'd make next areas less enjoyable to me.
Lol sneaks up holding a torch…not suspicious 🤌🏻
i hope they change it so you can be easy invated even if you play Solo, i realy hope they change that so it easy to be invaded when you play Solo and invade others easy thats a must have for many please devs do this.
Glad you started with "love this game". That's all I wanted to know. I'm sold
Can this game be played on mouse and keyboard?
Moving equipment burden to Strengh it's the smartest move they made here. That means that poise can only be accessed by players who are running heavy weapons. Witch means that poise will actually work as intended, giving slow weapon players the chance to trade.  No more fast weapon + poise combination, witch is what ruined Dark Souls 1 poise, alongside poise backstabing of course.  Now I wonder what are they gonna do with faster strengh weapons like small axes and small hammers. They have never been as fast as curved swords and thrusting swords, but they are faster than UGs, GHs and GAs.  I honestly see a Regular greatsword meta, like the claymore. Fast enough to attack condently, good damage, plus Dark souls 1 poise. That will be lethal.
I just want to know why youtube allows this crap on here( or why From Soft allows it) when the game wasn't out and still isn't until this week?  I mean, srs spoilers have to be in here and I can assume this realistically without even watching it...  why do ppl want to be spoiled on the story and gameplay like this???  it's FromSoft..   so we really don't have to even wonder if they did a good job making a game..  This isn't CD projectred or whatever..  I'm just annoyed that these videos came out last year even..  not even just a month before the game releases( That would at least be more acceptable..  even if it's still ridiculous..  It would be more understandable.)  Think of it like this..   I'm watching auto play videos on youtube about games I play and like..  then youtube gives me this video..  and it's happened since last year..   so I have to actually be on guard so I don't get spoilers on a game that STILL isn't out.. :/
How underwhelming. The game looks exactly like Dark Souls, just a little more high res and open world. Same janky movement and awkward combat. It's just the same game with new set dressing. What a disappointment.
i'm so excited that my stomach hurts. this thing is going to be revolutionary for sure.
I wasn't terribly impressed with this when they announced it but it does look like something special. Seems it took some cues from Genshin Impact. I just got into that one and it is immediately impressive.
Looking at how quickly these guys are going through the bosses, I'm slightly worried abt difficulty. Any thoughts anyone?
5 DAYS LEFT OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHH
Can't wait for this ... ❤️❤️❤️
We’re looking at YOU Dragon’s Dogma* 🤣
This is like breath of the wild but for adults…
that class selection ui is fucking horrible
Great review! Thanks!
The type of person that complains about the graphics of Elden Ring is someone that I wouldn't even wanna talk to if they were the only person left on the planet. Garbage wrapped in a human body.
Elder Scrolls Six is finally here...
This looks good... please tell me health bars can be switched off?
great video and fantastic infos on PvP which I was really looking for everywhere!!! thanks, subscribed!
Do you think this is a good entry point for someone who’s interested in souls games?
another PVE game with trash pvp zzz next
wait, so there's no deprived class?
After watching this video I now doubt if a week and a half off of work was enough time to take… LOL
How is it for people who have never played through a FromSoftware game and have limited experience with the Souls-like formula overall. I've only ever played through Code Vein and I've played maybe 5 minutes of DS3. Dark Fantasy was never my vibe so I couldn't really motivate myself to play just based off of setting alone for DS and Bloodborne. But when FS announced that Elden Ring would be High Fantasy, I thought it might be time to finally try one of their games.
Ive wanted power stance back for soooooooo long lets gooo!!! Although I was a fan of the 1.5 buff needed since it kinda makes logical sense but ill take it either way.
I was really skeptical when they would show teaser trailers with little or no gameplay, and how little information was being released with the release date just months away, but this looks so good.  For the first time in years it's going to be a high profile game that's not released half broken and overhyped. Hopefully the gaming industry can take some notes from this if it turns out to be as good and successful as everyone hopes.
My friend keeps insisting I'm going to like this even though I'm not huge on dark souls levels of difficulty because "its very accessible"
Not a Breath of the Wild moment.  More like an Elder Scrolls/Oblivion moment, youngin'.. 😉
now i'm pumped
I just paused the video half the way and bought the game :D
It looks like you're riding s massive goat
wait, how is every soulsborne game not an 'open world'? You're on a linear path for some of it but most have a choice of when you do which sections. You aren't restricted to never return to previous areas, and returning is key for some of them. open world must mean 'contains crafting' now.
Watching this just made me more hyped and impatient for the release...All this time of not watching anything and I foil it right at the end lmao
Great coverage, but I'm not impressed by the game. it's gorgeous, but it looks like a Dark Souls game which I couldn't stand.
I really love the way you explain things :D
Oh man only a week left.....
Never looked at any early gameplay of any games besides trailers, but damn I guess my thirst for soul type games has really gotten to me and well needless to say I am soooo fucking getting this, great video and thanks for early well described mechanics.
Did he say a solid 8 hours of content?
I will only get this game becouse i will murder everything and i will keep that promise
i enjoyed how excited you sounded hyping this game up
Blood Dark Demon Elden Souls basically
He keeps saying A few months. It's coming out in a few months. Which feels so weird now since it's coming out in a week!!!
How did he and other youtubers get to play so early?
That horse has no armor under its chin and neck. FromSoft should just let you cut its throat to make the fight more fair. I guess I’m just a details kinda guy. 0/10 won’t buy this game.
Namco please make a cyber punk game next to fill the void left by the fail of 2077
Live the vid got a sub from me. I'm excited for Eldne Ring. I've been a big souls fan since Dark Souls. I still gotta abeat Demons souls, Bloodborne, and Sekiro but I love them as well. DS3 is among my Top 10 favorite games of all time. The open world design and choices with this game surprise me but I wouldn't expect much less from the amazing From software.
I do wish it was available for PS4
How the? I thought It was out on the 25th wtf
Oh my god we are the same.
I just noticed ur characters reflection in the jellyfish before it turned red. We are 8 days away.
Can't wait for this. Two weeks ago I spent 70 euro on the abysmal dying light 2. The joke brother of the first one. Lucky I got a 40 euro discount voucher on its return. It's going back on Friday. What a disappointment. I hope elden ring is cool. Anything from software seems to be good.
From Software just makes amazing games.  Demon Souls, Dark Souls, Bloodborne, Sekiro, and now Elden Ring.  Top notch.  And so far, Bloodborne is my favorite.   I wish they can make Bloodborne 2, although I've heard rumors Bluepoint will make it and also remaster the first one.
22:07 "Half of you are panicking, half of you like it and half of you don't know what I'm talking about". So we're all 1 and a half?!
I'll be honest: I had the impressionante this was just an expanded DS3. However, after your very thorough display of the game, I'm strongly inclined to play it. If someone can talk about souls game, then it's you. I trust you when it comes to this kind of game, so thanks man and keep up the great content!
Can your homies pick up items when you both earn them tho ? Are can you only in solo
Definately going to play this game
Wow, a copy of Dark Souls and Bloodborne.
No horse during online? Damn. And here I was ready to do jousting competitions
I never played a souls-like game so I have no idea what you were just comparing to ._.
I was taking everything so serious until I saw random wolves fly out of the sky at 10:30…like wtf! Where did they come from??? 😂
bro that ending. CHILLSSS
worth or not?
Goty. Btw why Is that npc dressed up as Santa Claus?
If this game goes the way it is it’s going to be the best open world game hands down and possibly the best souls game let’s just hope that don’t do some updates that end up ruining it
While I understand the comparisons to Dark Souls, it would be more useful for most of us to explain the system instead. I never played  Dark Souls.
This looks great and interesting, but all the little niggles seems like they'd make one big pile.
I’m bout to Fuck everyone up I’ll be the elden king
solid 8 hours of content? isnt that a bit small?
This was a really great review for this game, just by watching this a player will always have something to do playing this, I guess exploring your surroundings is key if you have to make your own map as you progress in the game. I am very excited about the release of this game I was even able to purchased a collectors edition for my Xbox One so I can expect a lot more not only a steel case for the disc itself but a 60 page art book, I can tell you would need to invest in a lot of time playing this game. One additional question I had for any Xbox One players does anyone know what the online features look like and what it in tails? I am a Xbox Live Gold member so I would want to utilize the features I have.
I can't wait to meet Patches and the Moonlight Greatsword
I can't wait to meet Patches and the Moonlight Greatsword
Watching this every few days to engage in high-quality ER content without spoiling myself any further while waiting the next 10 days. Who’s with me?
so dark souls 4 with a different skin just make bloodborne 2
damn this game look like shit :)
18:23 what is that helmet??!?!? I need it NOW
The whitest way possible to say Sekiro lol
but, how does online work? is still the same as in other souls game, where you put your mark (in this game you use a consumable) and SOMEONE (random) enters your world? or you can invite friends directly? also, when your friend and you kill a boss from a minidungeon or whatever, does he return to his world? or he can stay longer?
Gotta love how FromSoft is taking everything they've got from their previous titles, mashing it together, and seasoning it with even more new stuff.  Weapon and armor systems from all 3 Dark souls games? Stealth from sekiro? Stagger and visceral attacks from BB (except now you can do it to every enemy instead of a select few bosses)? Plus horses, open world, new combat mechanics, and the ABILITY TO USE YOUR LEGS?  Sign me the fuck up
thx for making me spend 70$.  on the pre-order   lol.  thx for the info.
I think this is my third time rewatching this I just can't get enough of simply watching and listening to details about this game even if I've already experienced it
how can an opinion be wrong? that's the dumbest thing I have ever heard. An opinion is Subjective is neither wrong nor right, as it is based on personal preference.
Bro thank you for this video!!! So stoked now!
Horse air jump pads? I’m in
Thank god you have to fully opt in to  be invaded. Invading is my least favorite mechanic in any souls game seeing as it just happens whenever and you have no say in it, thank you fromsoft.
I really hope that there's a way to buff both weapons at once while powerstancing. I desperately want to dual wield magical twinblades
They should allow you to change the horse to a mountain goat haha
Dark Souls 3  remastered. That's all this will be :P
The only thing I want to know is if they fixed the Latency issue with invaders. My brother recently got a ps5 so I played demons' souls invaders would back stab me while being in front of me connect hits that I clearly dodged. Damage taking a few seconds to go through, attacks not landing that should've. I've had this experience on the other souls games as well. I really hope it's fixed cause it's the only reason I hate random invasions.
Damn just from this video I can tell that it’s exceeding my expectations, I thought it was going to basically be dark souls and Sekiro combined, but it’s much more. It’s Skyrim, AC, Dark souls and Sekiro combined with mid air combat and jumping horses. Before I was patient but now I can’t wait for it to release. I preordered it like 2 weeks ago.
This is probably the MHW of Dark souls, modernized, bettter gameplay and graphics, fair hitboxes etc. The only thing I thing Elden ring does better than MHW is that it maintained being challenging. MHW was too easy until iceborne
Is Solaire's Armor available??
Not getting invaded whilst playing solo? THANK FUCKING GOD. Invasions are literally my least favorite part of the game.
tbh sure graphics look good but I feel like they would be 1000 times better if it wasn't for the ps4 holding it back...
11 days
I honestly hope summoning is going to have more and possibly summoner builds will be possible
99 arcane build time
Was that the ds2 twin blade at 5:49? Well well fromsoft I was on the fence but that yeah ...shut up and take my money lmao
I love cheering enemies, I feel like some evil mastermind doing it 😈😈
so its a skyrim horse
I got 5 minutes into the video and can tell I'm buying it.  I could tell just from the beginning when I see how hair flows like it's underwater that I'm back home in the dark souls world.  RIP to my life for the next few months.  I guess I gotta dust off my controller.  Can't imagine playing this on a keyboard.
i relate to the double jumping topic very heavy.
You had me at snake shield.
I think the Souls family is like:  Dark Souls 3 and Dark Souls 2 bang and Dark Souls 5 is born  Demon Souls Remake and Sekiro bang and Demon Sekiro Remake is born  Dark Souls 5 and Demon Sekiro Remake bang and Dark Demon Sekiro 5 is born   Dark Demon Sekiro 5 meet someone new, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and they bang too, and finally, Elden Ring is born.
the best part is no minimap, this is to show how they made a good level design, not the clusterfunk like AC maps
I bought a ps5 yesterday and preorderded this game today :')
This looks like one of those "oops there go's my year" kinda games, can't wait
Finally a game to be excited about
"even if you hate Dark Souls 2, which is btw the wrong opinion". Well, first - opinion can't be wrong, that's the whole point of opinion. Second - Dark Souls 2 is garbage. Elevator that goes from a mill to a lava field? Great job. Bosses are boring, enemy placement is mindless, it's just a very very very very bad game. Almost no one likes it. But, if we speak about wrong opinion - it's your opinion about hubs. "Oh no I have to wait 2 loading screens just to level up". First - modern games have almost no loading screen - like Demon's Souls remake. Second - a game must have moments of slow pace, sometimes game has to say "just relax, wait a bit, go to hub, talk to a doll, level up, don't rush".
THEY OPTIMIZED JUMPING AND CROUCHING?
I have a question as I never played dark souls nor bloodborne much. Is the game's difficulty level similar to them or is it more casual so people who never played those games, would enjoy this game
Definite buy, but I want it on PS5 and can't find them anywhere. So I will wait. The amount of money these companies are losing from that alone must be a lot.
This company has been doing the same kinda thing that Devil May Cry has done throughout their series. Demon Souls is like DMC1, an underrated lesser known game that started it all. Dark souls 1 is like DMC3, bringing the series into an absolute "best game of all time" status and revolutionizing the entire gaming industry forever. Dark souls 2 is like DMC2, just a shitty sequel with a ton of bad direction takes and an overall hugely subpar game. Dark souls 3 is like DMC4, a good game with tons of replayability and innovation but is dragged down by some really annoying enemy design and tedious areas.   Now I'm REALLY hoping Elden Ring is like DMC5, where its the final culmination of the entire series that brings everything together into this huge masterpiece 10/10 game that will be talked about and played for years to come and will become a staple example in gaming history as "THIS is how you make a 10/10 game", same way BOTW did.
I hope I can make a wizard like character with robes and just magic the Hell out of foes. I love a good sword game, but if the magic is decent, I'm going mage
I've been avoiding spoilers ever since I heard this game was being made, and with less than 2 weeks to go and preordering on Steam, I had to watch. Everything about this is making me extremely hyped.
I see - it’s a souls like with refined mechanics
Great video! I played the network test as well and wanted to mention one thing that was not said about ashes of war. Maybe this is already known, but when you are using an ash of war that combos (for example the thunderbolt ash of war or storm blade), you can overcast the combo with no mana as long as you have stamina to spend. So in order to maximize your mana if you cast your final ash of war with a full stamina bar you can chain that ash of war for no mana cost as many times as you want as long as you have stamina to spend!
Don't you ever talk shit on Dragons Dogma >:c
What makes this more than just a dark souls sequel
Game looks bad. Zero interaction with environment. It’s like no physics were implemented
No more having to run back through entire levels to fight a boss !!!! I'm sold !!!!
I love that they let you ride a mountain goat. Can’t wait!!!
POWERSTANCING BABY
Want to watch this video so bad but I'm saving myself. I've pre-ordered a hard copy and hoping to get it a little bit early.  Even did some research as the best place to order it to possibly get it early☠️  Even if it's just 2 days before release I'd be ecstatic. Cannot WAIT to play this game.
I'm not exited for pvp
Lord hype a ton fanboy Mc spoilertron
Lost me when u said dark souls :(
Sounds like dark souls 4 where they finally updated many mechanics not to be 2 decades behind.
I don't like the jumping in realistic games. Some people say that jumping in ER will increase the exploration. I debunk: 1- If you hike in mountains there are places IMPOSSIBLE to reach by humanly jumping, forcing you to EXPLORE for a possible safe route. 2- Barely falling damage makes EASY to just jump off most cliffs to get down. But when theres realistic falling damage, you have to think how to get down safely.  ER should have introduced climbing and ropes/ladder items, and humanly possible jumps. That would have make exploration more puzzle like, and keep realistic movements.
_"If you think Elden Ring is Dark Souls 3.5,, trust me, it's more than that."_ *THAT'S EXACTLY WHY I CALL ER DARK SOULS 4 WITH JUMPING AND BIG OPEN AREAS.* The part of me that wants innovation and creativity on a BRAND NEW IP, is disappointed. The part of me that wants a Dark Souls 4 game, is excited about From making it open world. I'm not excited about the jumping because it takes away the realistic movements. Anyway, looking forward to buy Dark Souls 4 with jumping and open world.
Also known as "Let's change 20% of things, throw a big name around, and no one will notice": The Game.  Frankly, I'm not impressed.
Man, I'm so glad solo players can't be invaded (unless intentionally opening it), one of my biggest issues with online play was being invaded, so I simply played offline because I never enjoyed the PVP, I was more interested in the bossfights.
I wonder if Witcher 4 would go somewhere this way
I might take days off work for this
A normal jump button!!!
this feels like dark souls
Oh cool a classic mmorpg.
The speedruns are going to be amaizing
really? 8 hours of content if you do everything?  lol ok
I don't really care about the PVP. I just think the game will be fun
No females just a male hack and slash no thank you
I miss a  big town where you can see other people/players Just coo-op and 2vs2 pvp maybe aint enof for me personal
As a newcomer to Fromsoft games I wonder if I can obtain every spell / incantation with all classes. Or if some are locked behind classes. How was this in previous games?
Did the fix the user interface for the PC? Probably the worst interface I have experienced. Second, can you strafe now, or only when locked on a target?
I’m glad I have never played dark souls... this looks awesome and I’ll try this out
why do all these reviewers all talk so fast, its annoying
the thing about people saying it's just slightly improved dark souls 3 graphics are the same people who prefer over realistic Super ultra hd 4k graphics that uses shit ton of graphical power to your card for no gameplay reasoning.  this graphics are awesome and probably wont fry my card in the process.
00:52 red hoods. Maybe it's a connection between them and gael?
So hyped, I cant take it!!!!!😩❤️
I’m so excited for magic 😭
You can jump. 10/10.
Thank you for this review
It’s souls so it’s sucks got it
"man, this game is just good" ... Ok, preordering it. No need for the rest of the video XD
i need fromsoft to make an MMO like mortal online
I'm dying to know how this game will run on my i7 8700 / 1080ti.... I dont mind dialing it back to 1080p but I swear to christ if there's a hardlock 60fps I'm gonna freak...
As a new player in the souls realm (finished ds1 and started on DS2 recently) I must say that elden ring looks absolutely amazing. So many different play styles have opened up because of the new mechanics that have been added. Very excited for this game
So it took like 12 years for fromsoft to add mantling?
It is great to see the subscriber count growing - Just means even more awesome videos to come.
your health is so high wtf get gud and stop getting hit iron pinebitch
I dunno that crafting system sounds nice
Yeah for the first time in a while. Im gonna pre order this one.
my god.. this is the best.... great video, thanks.
10:30 Whoa, what we need to talk about is those ninja wolves falling out of the sky for an ambush.
The snake shield is a reference to bloodbourne
invaders should have it rough though
So this game looks amazing, no doubt. However I wonder about replayability. Any reason to go back to this after you finish the main story arc?
This game deserves the hype Cyberpunk was getting
Awesome Video Bro!!! And what a Epic intro!
Wow, this is the best Elden Ring video I've seen so far. You had me more excited man. Thanks for your great video.
Imagine fighting an invader and suddenly a dragon just flies in..now it's a threeway
Breath of the souls
Cant wait to see what they did to the Moonlight greatsword this time around.
about the fall damage at the beginning. I saw it as a way to learn your limits  Also.. yes I'm rewatching this for the third time
Lame asf
I used some money I got for Christmas and pre ordered this game. I have played and beaten Demons soul's, dark souls, dark souls 3, and Sekiro since then.
are the mimics still there?
This game looks boring
Maybe this is bad, maybe this is wrong because of history from other games not living up to the hype. I uh, Kinda pre-ordered it for me and my friend... ;) Can't get over the fact that you can jump in this game.
FUCK that shit. These games are made by masochist. There's no way I'm playing a game that'll have me throwing my controller through the TV.
hating ds2 is the right opinion
Only 8 hours of content ? Looks good I’m still Getting it I will be that toxic guy with duel lances in pvp
Did…did I see the twin blade? :)
I think magic is currently limited due to the fact we're missing all the magic boosting gear. on top of that the CNT Faith catalyst is is better than the CNT magic catalyst.
As a primary PVE player, it sucks that If I need help from a friend, I could get ambushed by who knows how many players or friends ganging up.  Whats to keep them from just staying on your session the whole time or am I misunderstanding?
Never played any of these, but after watching your video  I will for sure be buying this one, great job on providing details and the great information on jumping 👍  i too am a fan of jumping  😀
Game looks fucking goooooooood
ive watched this video 5 times already, pls god dont let this game flop
My hope is that you can change the damage scaling of weapon arts themselfs. Like ya find a cool one but it scales off str but your an intel build want it go where you can alter it to scale off of intel to suit you instead. Instead of simply not using those weappn arts cause they don't scale with your class
19 more days until we are all blessed hang in there guys
Getting Skyrim flashbacks at 8:57
Hot damn I first saw this last summer, and coming off of dark souls 1 and 2  I got so insanely excited for this. My buddy and I have been waiting hyped as frick since then, and I'm finally letting myself watch some of the gameplay as we are getting close to release. Time to really start building up the hype. Holy shit it looks good
I hate you tubers that spoiler the shit out of games. I think they are cancer to the gaming community.
Does it have character creation?
I don't really get the idea of not being able to be invaded while solo and online.. like, at that point, just go offline? Whats the point in that if you don't have a summon? I guess it could be for messages but other than that it's pretty pointless imo.
I didn’t watch any gameplay so far, I only heard everything you say! I am so excited for Elden Ring my gosh…
Great video, subbed. I have always struggled with Dark Souls/Bloodborne/Sekiro etc as I find the combat hard to master when only having a little time to play. But I am planning on getting this as it seems like it might be a little more forgiving for newcomers (me) as well as having the hard parts that I can work up to.
1st from soft game I've played. Never touched DS 1 2 or 3 . This looks like the gaming revival I needed since MHW and destiny are dry included a reskin witch queen ...
Cant wait for the "beating elder rings with only summoners" video's
Youre so special sweetie
this game is online ?
There is NO way that this game isn’t tied to the Souls games.  It feels as if it’s super far into the future, or super early into the history.  I feel like it’s going to be tied in via some cool surprises.
Looks incredible but sadly Im NOT buying a PlayStation to play this as my computer is worth MORE than any PS1-2-3and 4 combined so I guess I will stick with Eve Online and watch the streamers. Thanx man a very good video 10/10 Peace and happy gaming.
I'm still sad that Elden Ring won't be on Switch (and I don't have anywhere close to the amount of cash I'd need for a PS5 or equivalent console) but I do get it. People say that, oh, if From would just lower the graphics a bit the Switch could run it fine. But in my experience, the Switch can struggle to run even Dead Cells or Enter the Gungeon. No way could it *properly* run a game like Elden Ring.
For some reason I dislike the art style of this game. It's almost too realistic but not 100%, which makes is feel very uncanny or generic. E.g. my brain realizes it's fake grass trying to look real, and not just virtual / stylized grass in a game.
I understand that solo invasions would be gone because getting yeeted from the horse is bad, but I think they should make it a thing in places where you cannot have the horse anyways.
GIMMIE GIMMIE
I'm the third half. Just me.
Dark Souls for Casuals
Sphere Hunter Suzi was the co-op summon? I know her
You talk too fast.
Its still sad that pvp is not optional when you want to coop
My first intention was a melee/mage build, but after watching this I will for sure level up my faith
1:13 Are those penguins or just normal birds? The answer might affect my decision whether I’m gonna buy this game
...I LOVE the animations for the weapons
Game looks like it came out in 2013 Being the forefront of graphical fidelity is not what's expected. The game is ugly, looks old. literally any upgrade would be a big one.
I was hoping to here an explanation about blocking attacks with weapons.. I've seen a significant amount of gameplay of players blocking attacks while two-handing. Do we still take damage for blocking with weapons or do we just lose more stamina when playing like that?
WAIT FOR THE REVIEWS (most specifically the ACG one prolly the only non shill in the biz)
“All I can say is you and I are not the same” 😂 trust me my friend we are very alike!
i guess its time to buy a controller for my pc
It's kinda sad I haven't enjoyed a game since Bloodborne. This game has had me checking my calendar way too much!
Weapon arts from King's Field.   I AKSHUALLY had to do it. I love King's Field. It came out at the perfect time when I was a teenager. It was the darker tone 3D Zelda we dreamed about back then.
Seems ok, but it's just a Musou game for noobs really.
Maaaan the combat mechanics updates… this seems like an endless abyss of possibilities.
I think for boss especially with close range attack must have teleportation skill behind the player with devastating skill to punish cheesy range attack yet so far no one bother add that kind boss especially well known series.
both players progress in the game while playing online? or is like older ds games that you help your friend killing a boss and then you have to kill it again in your world?
2006 -2011 level graphics. Awfull textures, Skyrim a 10 year old game looks better.Lighting is awfull.Shadows,grass looks fake. Graphics wise not on par.
That drop at the start where you take damage is what I think was meant to be done so you know how to heal
I've never played any of the dark souls games, is it not gonna be insanely hard for completely new players?
This was the video i needed to sell me this game. I've been skeptical on how it would be, but after seeing this it lit the spark of desire in me to get it. So hyped for release and ready to slay on the battlefield
Ughhhhh, I NEEEEEEEED to play this NOW! <3
When u invade u can heal enemy pve to help kill the host.
I cant wait 5 years from now for this game to be free :D
Noone cares about ds sweats except ds sweats
Combat and movement looks block-ish. Enemies look to have minimal programming. It just looks like something that would've come out in 2012.  Other than that it looks promising.
oh yeah this game trash
Co-op is cool, but dosent it ruin the difficulty?
Im gonna wish the preorder for my birthday :D
Anyone else derive an unusual amount of pleasure from people just describing really well designed game mechanics?
"Strength ties to equip load" dex builds get shit on again.
Anyone else watching this for the 5th time?
Wait did you play with Sphere hunter, the secret area you found looks similar!
This looks great. I had my reservations about open world. I've found most of them ending up being quite a bore and unrewarding (Witcher 3 was fun for a while; never finished AC Odyssey or RDR2; not a huge Skyrim fan either). Actually the reason why I picked up DS3 originally was to have something else than an open world, and actually have well-thought level design. But if they managed to pull this off ("levels" within an open map), and actually reward exploration, that would be great. Looking forward to this a lot.
Oh no! You can't gank solo's unless they explicitly consent? What a bummer.
0:35 thanks i'll come back when i play it for myself
Nice delivery on the closing.  =)
Did he just say 8 hours to complete....I'm good no thanks. Thats waay too short
I've watched this video so many times over the past two months xD
Strength was what you needed for heavy armor in DS1
Hmm similar to skyrim
Talk adout major fcking game spoilers 🥰 how is this a review his just spoiling the game for everyone n show it off that he played the game before u.
PC or PS5 copy... Hmm
I love how crafting seems to be an intended sandbox way to get an optional advantage rather than it beeing a forced feature. Implementing it that way actually improves the formular.  Its not always good to make something just optional, but this time I think its the better choice. I just hope its not so optional to the point of pointlessnes
lmao wolves falling from the sky I don't think this will be my type of game. too much odd shit. but I fucking love the monster design.
diegetic: (of sound in a film, television programme, etc.) occurring within the context of the story and able to be heard by the characters. "the music used is strictly diegetic"
Very glad I watched this video, shared some of the same concerns about open-world-ness, glad to hear that it seems not to have fallen into the standard traps. Very excited to play this game myself :)
I played DS1 and DS3 and absolutely loved them. I cannot wait to play Elden Ring. Is it taking place in the same universe as DS?
How does looting system work in co op? Does the host only get the items?
Great and useful summary. Thanks!
Is elden ring going to get updates or dlcs making the map bigger/story longer?
Is elden ring like elder scrolls or neverwinter (D&D) in a way I can keep playing and upgrading armor n stuff forever? Or is it just like a story you beat and that’s it?
the game is only 8 hours worth of content for the whole game or just the beta?
The double jump and horse launch pads are such great features, reminds me of the shadow of mordor / war mechanics
now im hyped!
Day 1 buy, best Japanese game dev
Good work bro. S|O|L|I|D
Just a heads up to anyone potentially watching this video - it is absolutely riddled with spoilers. If you want a fresh experience going in, do not watch this.
so excited that poise is back! Big daddy build here i come! Lol!
better graphics pls :'(
"All the games From Soft has ever made"? Do people not know about Tenchu? >_>
I know it is not technically a Dark Souls continuation....but with that being said if the Uchigatana is not within this game I will be highly upset.
Man, that like at the end "fuck, elden ring just might" have me goosebumps smh
Every time I watch a friend start a dark souls game, they have no idea how the healing works before they fight anything, that drop lets new players understand healing before they fight.
So Mage class is it...
Those small details you mentioned earlier really sets games apart for me. Like a character or vehicle being underwater having little air bubbles, such a small thing to include, but makes the game more immersive. And when there are tons of small details thrown together, the world the devs have created feels real. The graphics are great, not mind-blowing, but great. I'd rather have enjoyable gameplay with great graphics than a boring slog or repetitive beat em up with the highest quality visuals.
Me and my friends have never played a dark souls game. When we found out this had multiplayer the 3 of us planned to basically play the whole game together. Is that something that would be possible? Now I’m kind of getting the feeling it might not be but I’m not sure.
Yo your coop partner was Sphere Hunter? Cool lol, a crossover I never expected
Si freaking exited for this game!
Wait so if I play Coop I am just gonna be invaded constantly?
First FS game that will not preorder, played and platinum on all FS games, but this will skip til some sales...cause look awfull and old, animation are very bad and that is my opinion
GOTY worthy ?
The whole idea of getting rid of the horse during coop would really suck to me, but I understand because of how strong having 3 people on horses would destroy a lot of enemies.
It looks interesting, and I believe I will buy this game. How ever I think some of the bosses looks poorly esthetic made.
i think this is the only game i've ever seen that itches me to preorder it
What happens when you die?? Do lose all your exp like demon souls?
8 hours of content? That's it? That's really low..
Dark Elden Ring of Souls
To pumpkin head reminds me of the great pumpkin from Charlie brown.
1:44 @ironpineapple I would have to disagree, I think the fall is the perfect height and the fact that it hurts you is a good thing. You are immediately established a limit and shown that falling is much more forgiving similar to Bloodborne. Rather than being too skeptical to jump or fall somewhere, as your unsure of how far is too far, you’re now aware of what the height threshold is.
"if you can't understand the primal urge and subsequent satisfaction that comes from jumping on top of big rocks, all I can say is you, and I are not the same"  The most relatable thing I have ever heard.
The super kick sounds awesome for weapon swappers
Body type A - type B ROFL
I HATE Demons souls on PS5, but i WANT to like this as I love RPGs.  how does it compare to Demons Souls?
So you’re telling us you like the game?
Can't wait to die 10 million times. I can already feel my own rage after losing to a boss on it's last 1 hp after trying 18 times.
A lot of what you are describing in this game sounds like a indie game called outward it is a phenomenal game although I’m sure a AAA Studio certainly can improve on the idea both graphically and with more fluid coming back
Can you use two swords like in dark souls?
I need them to make berserk game.. I could die happy if so..
9:24 you played skyrim havent you? lol
GOTY 2022 right here
What a masterpiece!!
This looks incredible
I think they should remove menus swapping weapons. I know I know I do it to. A lot. And it's fun. But I think it kills the use of all the extra weapon slots and wasn't ever intended to be how you play. Idk I know a lot of people like doing things like switching to gundyrs halberd for a wake up hit after a parry or whatever. But I think you should have to invest in the equip load to do that.
I’ve been trying to convince myself to buy this game. Nioh 2 was my first souls like and Im aware that combat is WAY DIFFERENT, from pacing to basic combat encounters. I’ll keep watching a bunch of these vids and keep trying games like Bloodborne/DS
Awesome 👍 I wish the dodge is not always rolling
Will all their games be a dark souls reskin
This was the most informative video of the network test I’ve seen so far. And I’ve watched a bunch.
I only can afford one game, Should I get Elden ring or horizon?
If you like jumping here check out the jumping puzzles in GW2
I want to point out the clip with oro sneaking up on the dragon is hilarious.
Imagine you are new to souls games, get absolutely destroyed in the tutorial, relieved you finally got through it, and see the first form of life besides you that doesn't want to skin your face off your head and use it as a doormat and he tells you "Feel free to go off and die in a ditch somewhere". Absolute chad game design.
I’m hoping sleeping arrows don get big nerf nerf on release.
they should have given you a Billy goat ram instead of a horse with all that rock climbing
Video full of spoilers.
i hope my crappy 1650 can run this game.
13:19 although yes light attacks are going to play a large role in your move set, they do very little poise damage to enemies, whereas jumping attacks, heavy attacks and charged heavy attacks do a lot of poise damage. I feel like FromSoft would have designed the bosses in this game to allow really cool moments where you take a risk, charging up that heavy attack and then it pays off when you break a bosses poise and get the critical.  Having said all that this video is pretty old and I feel like your opinions have probably changed by now so this comment is pretty useless lol
amazing review, so excited for this man
Subscribed because of this video. Can't wait man.
Do we know if its going to be cross-play? I wanna play with my buddy but he uses console where I use a pc.
Okay the rolling goat sold me on this game ngl
Arcane is so NOT just a luck stat.  I'm almost certain it will be a magic stat because in bloodborne arcane also increased your item discovery but it's not just luck there.  That's sorta like saying strength is just vitality because it happens to increase equip load.  Plus, look at the stat requirements and scalings for items and weapons, notice how they go OUT OF THEIR WAY to show arcane as a possible requirement/scaling.  This wouldn't be the case if it was just luck, especially since luck in the past has had niche effects on scaling that were hidden.  The fact that this is out in the open leads me to believe that they simply didn't want to show us any arcane related stuff in this network test.
selling point: you can jump
I’m just hype to fight titans
This looks beautiful! Every screenshot/video I've seen, I'm really impressed! Having not played any Dark Souls titles, I'm wondering if this is as punishing/unforgiving as Dark Souls titles are reported to be?
Bruh I never played a soul like game. But it seems they added  everything good from the previous games with some tweaks and they added jumping? Yes! Those weapon arts look badass too
same game again OMEGALUL
If you really want a good looking dark souls game... Then just play demon souls remake it's probably has the best graphics out of all the dark souls type games and is just as enjoyable as elden ring
What about pyromancier!!! :) ANd show whips!
la frappe
3:20 Wait, so it's the best of both worlds? Sekiro style combat with Dark Souls mechanics and exploration?! I can perfect deflect/parry attacks and decrease enemy posture to break them?! Take the money I don't have.
haha le retour des crabes
I hope they keep the horse in Co-Op, imagine horse PVP in this.   It sounds epic!
Mr iron apple, or someone in the comments.... If i buy the game, can i play it?
quality build definitely seems like it’s gonna be the way in this game
Watching this video once everyday till elden ring drops.
That's no horse it's an oversized mountain goat
I just found of this game last year and its coming already a person would think only took a year to make
I don't think that Elden Ring will be my favorite—it appears to lack the incredibly fast-paced, action-filled combat of Sekiro, which is not only my favorite FromSoft game but also my favorite game of all time. But I'm sure that kind of combat will return in some other FromSoft title—and until then, Elden Ring still looks absolutely incredible. Thanks for the look at it, Pineapple!
I can't hold off any longer. I'm listening to this. Not watching. Watching is too much spoil.
People say this game looks bad? It's beautiful and absolutely new & improved.  Awesome insights. Can't wait for release.
i sorta wish they'd make the controlls a tad more keyboard/mouse friendly
I have a question cause I didn't get it at all,will you be able to play with your friends?
This is gonna be my favorite game of all time
Bros. We have a new waifu. uwu Elena
Thx for this video dude. My expectations are not satisfied. I will not buy another Dark Souls part with reskinning old engine)) And these XP/mana bars like Exsell tab... omg really? in 2022? no, thanks.
Is anyone going to try to see if havel is in this game
I like how in the first 15 minutes you get the quote “ye are maidenless” which is a very old way of saying you got no bitches
While I've never been much of a Souls fan I am absolutely looking forward to this game. I hope a casual such as myself isn't setting myself up for failure.
Honestly, the thing I’m most excited for is the character customization, I would love to see what they do with it and how in-depth you can go with it
So this is a playstation 2 game, released in 2022? They should invest in a better game engine.
Damn, I was looking to find out if they fucked up their PC port like in their other games.
Meh
Wow, this is your most viewed video
ps5 come on, video cards alone cost 3 times more then ps5...... doing yourself an injustice by playing on console.
Cant wait to fight Anal beads @15.50
Not a fan of the horse or jumping but hey I hope this isn't dog.
I decided to do the ultimate level 1 challenge by beating all the games SL1 (BB SL4....DS2/3 down so far) but I feel like this was probably a terrible idea. I felt MASSIVE burnout by doing DS3, all weapons (I think I got to NG+49? somewhere stupid) and it mostly because of how simple the combat is...you dodge and then get 1 or 2 hits during the small window of opportunity, and dodge again.  I feel obligated to buy the game and beat it, but I really do wish they would change up the combat a bit (the horse seems cool, but definitely could be buggy/terrible handling) like they did with Sekiro since that's all the game has going for it (I cant be bothered to go through so many items and read the story, I'd rather have Vaati explain it to me over a 2 hour long video).   Edit: After watching the rest of the video, you got me more hyped. Seems like this will actually bring back that enjoyment I had before going hard on Dark Souls 3 \o/
Reasons to live:  Elden Ring 25.2.2022  Big smile on my face.
The sneak with torch in hand. xD Classic.
Still just looks like an improved open world dark souls 3 and sekiro love child. A little bit disappointing , I'll likely still try the game but honestly I want another bloodborne it's the only the soft game I really enjoyed and got into, and the setting was the best so far.
as much as i wanna continue watching, i cant cuz its getting me too hype, but W video and W game i cant wait
Masculine urge to climb everything
i can very much see the inspiration they got from attack on titans
I legit just discovered the existence of Sekiro in the Steam Winter Sale after it somehow passed by my radar at release. Now a few weeks later I already 100%d it, and am so hyped towards Elden Ring. Game of the year/decade with no question.
"half of you are excited, half of you are scared, and half of you doesnt onow what im talking about", man your math is terrible
elden ring is literally the best components of all their previous games + open world + a great story by g r r matrin and fromsoftware. hope this game lives up to its hype and its definitely looking like it will
Elder ring will be super fun Until someone forces emotes into my inventory and I get banned, thus wasting my money
as a person who uses a strength build you have no idea how happy i am to know that carry weight is now upgraded through strength
his he riding a Cow?
Elden Ring is... it's something else. And gods, I get giddy just thinking about it.  Sometimes, I'm afraid I'll wake up just to find that Elden Ring was a wet dream that never existed.  Hmm....   Let's just hope that we clones of Micolash don't wake up, then, eh? Praise the sun, Pineapple!
Honestly hearing you talk about this game was just entertaining to me. I watched dark souls content but never bothered to play. This video has really made me consider it
at this point if bonfire ascetics make a return best fromsoft game not even a question
I disagree. That fall in the beginning isn't discouraging, it's there to show you how far you can fall and live.
This game looks so amazing. I'm so PUMPED!
my unpopular opinion is that i really like the lack of vertical mobility in most souls games. It is nice seeing a massive castle and knowing that you will climb through it through steps / ladders / elevators and such. I don't like the idea of jumping up the side of things and shit like that
power stance back alright im gonna play dual big ass clubs build
First time for a game I've watched impressions, podcasts etc, hyped AF can't wait for the game.
Looks like Shadows Of Mordor
"The real reason you are here." HA! No thank you, sir. Im a solo player that RELISHES the fact sweaty try-hards can't ruin my fun anymore. Can't wait to play this game! Thank you, From Software, for giving solo players a choice rather than shoving it down our throats.
so ive got a question related to the online coop side... im pre much gonna be playing this game with someone else how did it feel traveling the world with horses disabled? did it feel long and tedious to get from place to place with your partner? Also how does loot work when killing bosses do both players get rewarded? pretty much asking aside from the horses being disabled are there any other limitations when playing with a friend? not familiar with older soul games
Huge ds fan here, ds1 is still my favorite. I can't wait for this game. I'm buying a ps5 solely for this game.
Had to give a like for the double jump sentiment
I was really hoping they would make invasions optional for people that just wanna play with friends Pve I always hated that feature.
how hard is this game?
I haven't played any of the souls games, but this one has definitely been on my radar. Absolutely loved your review and can't wait to jump in. This is looking like its gonna be so much fun!
Gawd damn. I’ve only recently got into the souls game having only played demon souls but I was HOOKED. And this game looks like so much fun, I’m definitely gonna get this game.
When does it release?
Yes
Is there a Spear wielder class? I always love playing those in these types of games. Also, subbed. Loved this video and commentary
Button masher...no thanks
looks as good as ocarina of time
Hope there is a mechanic where you take more damage from lightning in wet weather like Ds2 did. Or if you stood inside of a pool of water, you had a wet debuff and can take less damage from lava or fire. That was also a good feature in ds2.
This is going to be my first souls game that I’m going to get
I keep fucking rewatching this, I already have Elden Ring purchased, *I AM VERY READY.*
fight clubs being back means this game definitely has "the spot". yknow what im talking about dude. THE spot. the bridge over lava on ds2, the plaza infront of pontiff in ds3, yarnham bridge in bb. THE SPOT DUDE. cant wait to walk up somewhere and go "oh shit, this is it." as like a million red signs spawn. cannot fucking wait
The only thing I am disappointed from watching your review is that I wish they'd remove fast travelling and replaced it with something that requires interraction with the world. Something like the underground train between stormwind and ironforge in WoW. I also think having a world map is a bad idea and immersion would be significantly increased without it. I really want that dark souls 1 feeling again.
0:50 only 8 hours? Wtf is that all
Graphics aint a dissapointment in most of the recent fromsoft games. bloodborne looked AMAZING when it was released, Sekiro looks fucking great, DS3 is a little bit eh but it still looks nice..  and the bluepoint demons sould remake is literally thr best looking game i have ever played except for maybe the new ratchet and clank, but their art styles are so different that its hard to tell which wins out
I have never played a dark souls game. Even with that this video was put together incredibly well! I watched the whole thing and am considering trying some of these games. Amazing video for what looks to be an amazing game!
Can any class use magic or do you have to pick one of the 3 classes that start with it?
Thank you for giving DS2 its due😀 Power stancing>weapon arts. It will be interesting to see how i feel about this. Breath of the Wild is the only open world game i have ever got more than 10 hours into and i loved it, even with its glaring flaws (weapon durability, story, and stamina outside of combat when running) because it felt like it rewarded exploration constantly. I am soured on Fromsoft because of Sekiro. It was just insanely difficult for difficulty's sake and was not fun at all. But thus far, Elden Ring looks very promising. Enjoyed the video.
Players getting invaded: I hate this feature its so frustrating. From soft: Git GUD so you can kill the invader scrub. Invaders: Urgh he keeps running off in this huge world its so frustrating I cant catch him. From soft: Oh god sorry let us fix that, here is an item that lets you grief dem noobs. XD From soft is basically a bullies best friend XD
Woof this game is beautiful
it just looks like another dark souls type of game. kinda boring lol
Homie play some Bethesda games, they got the best open worlds in my opinion
bro why does it sound like you're speaking in fast-forward?? numerous times i had to check and make sure the playback speed is set to normal.. honestly wats going on :'D You sound normal when i make the playback speed 0.75 xD
I've seen this video much more than I could count and I still get goosebumps. So hyped for the game!!!
Feb 25th can't come fast enough.
The first NPC made me laugh leave it to fromsoft for the first interaction with an npc tells you to go die in a ditch for no reason
sleeping arrows, oh man, i am a nut for bows and arrows, glad to see this new concept
Great review!!!! Definitely getting this
whats wrong with dark souls 3 part 2?
8:30 he becomes Bentley from Sly Cooper with his sleeping darts XD
8 hours of content available in the test? Or the entire story is 8 hours long?
Its going to be the best game of all time. I might not play another game until 2023.
My only concern with fromsoft games is how good they are, and how high they set the standards for each release, now we have bloodborn 2 waiting for us
Incredible graphics I think I'll pick this up
man I'm playing ds3 now and seems like elden ring has to be the best soul's like game ever made
I hope they add ps controller icons to PC version of the game so i dont have to download mod for that.. i dont like the feel of xbox controller, its good controller but not for me
super fun super attacks super horse super easy looking dumbed down kids version that everyone gets a medal on. R.I.P darksouls.
As said in the video I love the art direction but the lighting in this game belongs on a game 10 years ago. It looks extremely dated and far from a AAA game in 2022
He said dragons dogma 😩😩😩
This game some how slipped my radar until now. Obviously I'm in...
Dark Souls: Breath of the Hollow
My forst build is absolutely gonna be a mongolian knight build (compound bow on a horse)
cant wait!
god i cant wait just about 1 month hopefully!
Oh my god glass cannon builds and gonna be horrible with the ambush mechanic
The NPC/character lips are speaking Japanese but you hear English voice ? How bad and unimmersive it is it if the lips aren't even synchronised? The game was made for Japan only
This game is the best I loved playing it
This video just got me hella hype for the game
allright the jumping part killed it for me .. was planning to buy it but it seems like another trash game that people keep jumping around.
I haven’t been genuinely hyped about a game like this in a LONG time. Fuck I doubt they will, but I hope they don’t let me down….
Dark souls 2 is my unloved middle child with cheap, tracking enemy attacks. I dealt with it as long as I could but when that rat-reskinned Sif changed direction in mid-air during a leap attack and killed me, that's when I had enough and called it quits.   Elden Ring looks amazing though and I am so glad exploration seems rewarding rather than just being another "look at our jungle with three sets of 100 collectibles for achievos" open world game
Solid 8 hours?…that’s solid?…..
How does sites of marika work with coop?
It’s literally a culmination of everything I love about Soulsborne + an open world & horse combat. Comfortably familiar but also new & exciting. Can’t wait to sink my teeth into this game
In a time where most of the new big game releases are just unfinished cash grabs elden ring actually seems it will live up to the hype
I'm really disappointed you can't use your mount in coop :/ Would be fine if they made it so the summons have to ride along with the host at least, but not being able to use it at all means coop will be very limited
I have never played theses games. Are there side quests?  Does the open world work similar to the elder scrolls games, Witcher? I’m thinking of picking it up
This game ,forbidden west ,and dying light 2 are all games I'm excited about
This is a fan boy reviews
Looks good but I’m gonna get horizon forbidden west first
Out of all the reviewers from the network test, I don't think I've seen a negative one. So Elden ring is universally loved and I can't wait until release
"The primal urge to double Jump" - I grew up riding show jumpers & eventually rode at the Olympic level - You have no idea how freeing it is so yeah, though it's pixels it's still has a place in my heart. I never played Souls games. This will be my first. Hopefully I be playing with a new gaming friend who is a big souls fan. Thanks for the very exceptional video.
This looks amazing
Just thinking about this game makes me excited :)
Okay raise your hand if you are still going to call everything Estus, Bonfires, and Souls?
why didn't they simply make two handed active by double tapping triangle rapidly, i think it would be a better choice than holding it ad aethernum
I'd like to talk about a From Software game from way back in the 90s. It's called King's Field, and it and its 3 sequels consumed my life for a few years on that original Playstation. There is no demand for it, so it will never happen, but my dream is a modernized reboot of that game.
This has the Monster Hunter World feel to it. I'm even more stoked :D
Yessir bouta do a guts build again
At 10:50 looking at you, Horizon: Zero Dawn. That game has SO MUCH useless empty spaces. I just could not make myself complete the game with a dull open world + uninteresting NPCs and sidemissions.
Game of the century
I literally just pre-ordered this game on Steam.
this game looks so good, but when i got the horse part of the video where you see the double jumping / flying horse, it kinda ruined it for me xD  ... okaaay so the horse can jump over houses n shit and double jump mid air.., doesn't fit in imo.., It's like if they added a machine gun as one of the weapons... doesn't fit into the game xD
I'm very glad that FromSoft are keeping up the trend of being verbally abused by traumatized NPCs.
also, when you showed this "4-5 swing chain"....its looks the exact same as just going left and right...are you sure its actually a chain? are you mis-splaining what your trying to say? bc what you said and what was showed dosent match
i dont like that weapon art bullshit.....gigantic....GIGANTIC fail making the weapon art link to the scaling/infusion.....just....why.....hopefully the rest of the game makes up for it
4:50 that's poor AI and shoddy animations.  Dark Souls all over again.
0:29 I'm sorry, but I can't take a game seriously when the physics are implemented so poorly.  And FROM SOFTWARE has been doing this for many years now.
i havent been this excited for a video game in years
6:11 Santa confirmed cameo
Any of the “partial nudity” shit? My parents are pretty stingy about that. I used to be able to get around it, but it’s not really a great idea for now. Pls don’t flame me either lmao I’ve played plenty of souls games
so happy equip load is tied to strength now, it's so annoying trying to run a strength build in DS3. your big ass Guts sword is always so heavy you basically can't wear any armor, its really sad collecting all the cool armor you can never wear.
Finally a game that looks like it will give a feeling familiar to botw
This game will be a great relief from the disaster that was Cyberpunk2077. Never been so hyped for a game in my entire life.
"culmination of every game fromsoft has ever made" Finally, Evergrace 3: Armored Cookie & Cream
hype hype hype  if this game ends up being a disappointment like cp2077 im quitting games forever, fuck you games and im never going to look back, and fuck you starfield
edit: GIVE US REGION SELECT OR PING LIMITS (IM SO TIRED OF EVERY GANK BEING 250+ ping) if they make backstabs at all viable.. i think this will be the best pvp in the series... i get ds2 vibes with the poise and no guaranteed hits.. as for the bloody finger i can only really see myself using it for cleared out areas and 3-4 dudes are chasing me with chase down weapons (ur typical ringed city invasion).. and lets u reset and maybe wait or meet up with ur co invader.   i do hope that for once they finally patch the game and balance it continually.. maybe even like a fight game.. where a weapon that was S tier for the first year is B tier for a year then back to A tier.. so the meta and variety of builds and such can always be changing and instead of hyper focusing a one weapon build (LKCS,murky,claymore,SS) maybe while such weapons will still be viable.. they can tweak other weapons by increasing their dmg scaling.. or extra poise damage so like a fighting game you can look at it like there are different seasons instead of what they currently do by having basically  a launch pvp tier list.. and then the post dlc pvp tier list after they nerfed a bunch of stuff and then u slowly watch the meta devolve into what current ds3 invasions/pvp is.  furthermore, and while i don't expect them to do anything i just typed as it is... if they received and implemented feedback by the top duelists/invaders/PVE gods and let them test out new patches/changes and be open to criticism by people that know the mechanics implementations in game better than the people that coded the mechanics... well it would be a god tier game (though it would also mean that fromsoft sold the game post release.. because not once have they maintained a game.. ds3 hasn't had an update in 4.5 yrs)
The way this game looks almost makes it look like an MMO
The difficulty of these sort of games makes them kinda boring...not necessary to be that difficult.  Not fun.
you know i would have been perfectly fine even if it was just BIG dark souls 3. But this legit looks like the game of the decade
Still looks very dull. Missing more environmental light effects instead of everything looking grey. It’s like watching something on an old LCD instead of a 4K OLED.
Elden Ring is the Crash Bandicoot of SoulsBorne games.
15:25 Me:SHIELD HERO!!!
How about pyromancy?
4:04 ahhhhhh, it’s like we never left
falling while riding the horse vs. without horse ---apples to oranges.
How do i enjoy video games again?
Subbed for casually using the word "diagetic" correctly.
I've wanted to play a souls game but just never jumped into them. I think this might  be the one. It's open world, but not cliched. It's got some new assist type features, yet is still brutally difficult. May be fun.
Did I hear you say “8 hours of content”? The fuck
no joke, the moment i clicked on it and the video  started i wanted to click away because it just looked like dark souls.
Add different collectible mounts and were talking game of the year
I can not fucking wait
meh
So you choose a pre-made pre-determined character to play with? What's this the 90s? Looks like just another 'souls' game to me, except this game has a little more life in it and it's multiplayer. Gonna give this a pass, though I'm sure there's quite an audience that go insane for 'souls' games.
19:55 the only reason to buy elder ring.
If i struggle with the souls series should I bother buying this game found sekiro so fun and comfortably finished it but just can’t do dark souls ?
How could people hate on the graphics in this game? I’ve been playing ds3 lately and this is a massive upgrade from that so I’m cool with it
That's not a horse, that's a freaking mountaingoat. And I like it.
Visually this game reminds me of Ghost Of Tsushima
Wait there is a free demo
yup this day 1 buy for me this looks incredible
I wasn’t like amazingly excited for elden ring. Like there was “ooo souls game hype” but now… there’s real hype!!!
No more souls games. I WANT A GOOD ARMORED CORE NOW!
My favorite FromSoft game is Enchanted Arms, how does that fit with Elden Ring?
21:22 LoL, how innocently the goat rolled away while the humans were fighting . Goat was like " Nah, u ain't catchin me in this mode"
hope my pc can run it lolol
But will it be playable on the apple M1 chip?
Does anyone know of you are able to reassign levels like in DS3? I am playing ds1 and kind of disappointed that I can't try certain builds because of how I allocate stats earlier.
There should be an option wherein you can choose to disable and enable horseback combat in pvp. I wanted to do jousting damn it.
I watch this video without skipping and enjoy every seconds. I just really amazed how a game to be like this. I'm also a video gamer. I played souls games, Moba games, and a lot of hack and slash adventure games like GOW and DMC, but this is different. This is the real master piece, this maybe the best game I've ever see in my entire life. Anyway in my own opinion, Elden Ring is kinda mix of souls games and genshin impact because of the open world feature. I'm very overwhelmed with the details they put in this game. I don't know what is the right word to say how I'm so amaze for this game
Don‘t know if I gonna preorder but it looks very interesting 🙃
looks like a ps4 game....
I hope the pc version isn't just a console port like 3 was.  Controls sucked with k&m.  This has to be the First game I'm hyped for in a long time.
Looks like dark souls
Love some of this. Other stuff just seem.. off. Doubblejumping with horses?? Fun, but.. wtf, hahaha.
Preordered, gonna be my first ds where I'm going in blind. Can't fucking wait msn, bought ds3 and trying to finish it just to prepare
I put off watching videos about elden ring till i bought my ps5
Holy shit, imma have to buy an actual legit pc now… can someone tell me if my acer 15 with amd 5500 U’s will be able to handle it?
So it's Zelda but darker?  I don't know...seems kinda lifeless and afraid I will get tired of just riding my horse around that dull looking area.  I've never played any of the souls games so really no idea what to expect, just hear the bosses are hard.  Seems like a bad idea that you can just climb up on a wall and kill a boss with range attacks, no challenge in that.  The thing is I love George R.R. Martin so thinking the story has to be great and that may be worth the price of admission.   Video was helpful, thanks.
Definitely either going for enchanted knight or bloody wolf with summons
If From Software makes an arpg hack & slash game it will be super awesome.
Oh my god that horse combat! Reminds of  WHY UBISOFT took away that type of combat in Valhala!
I would absolutely love to see a jousting game mode for pvp
WHEN DID THIS HAPPEN I’M SO LATE
overwatch is way better
god this game looks so fucking good
that first moment when you walk out of the cave gave me such fallout vibes
Getting very very VERY powerful Pontiff vibes from Margit. Shit, and I thought I was finally done with long-ass combos and tiny attack windows.
I've never come across your channel before. Love the way you delivered the content definitely subbed
Ds2 SUCKS change my mind
👌
Hands down the best video about the network test/private playthrough. This was literally the first time that I heard that POWER STANCING IS BACK, AND EVEN BETTER THAN BEFORE.
There should be online when you can fight with other people
I have never played a darksouls game or anything like it but watching this is really making me want to pick up my controller and play it
Honestly, the thing I’m most excited for is the character customization, I would love to see what they do with it and how in-depth you can go with it
goty 2022 candidate for sure
I don't care much about PVP, but the coop is making me want this game now.
I'm conflicted, this game looks sick and I really want to play it, but Nioh is the closest thing to a souls game I've ever played and every boss will probably stomp me.
I need more plz. i can't wait
I'm very excited
in co-op do u get loot together?
Awesome video man! Thanks.
Not that anyone cares, but I'm really tired of invaders being crapped on this badly... And I've never used a red eye in my life. I'm a solo player, and it's going to be another lonely journey for me...
Iron Pineapple this is off discussion, but I'd love to see more of your "other FromSoft" videos. Specifically Enchanted Arms, it was the first of their games I played and while it's no Dark Souls, I'd love to hear your thoughts on it!
i hate pvp gaming.
12:20: subscribed.
I was super excited to see a new from software game since bloodborne and sekiro were two of my all time favorite games, and personally my favorite from software games. And I wasn’t able to do the network test but you better believe I am going to be playing the crap out of it when it releases
DS 1 POISE IS BACK BABYYY
That actually is all I just cared about. Thanks for editing the video to 30 seconds for me. <3.
Something being diegetic means it is occurring within the context of the story and can be heard by the characters, not seen. So unless that guiding light makes some sort of sound that indicates the direction that the player should move in, it doesn't seem accurate to call it diegetic. I literally just looked it up as I had not heard the word before though so I could be wrong.
Wow the graphics already downgraded
Jumps look way to easy, its like weight is no issue until you fight. Why FS, why?
Doesn't look like Dark souls 3 part 2, but it does look like dark soul 2 IMO. The thing is I always thought the dark souls game all look-a-like and are way too similar copy and paste of one another, this is the first Dark souls game I feel deserve to be called an improvement on the last.
I wonder why there was no beta for PC..
22:28 basically what nioh also has.
OMG there is just so many fun things you can do in this game. I'm pretty hype for this
"Elden Ring has Dark Souls II's power stances."  Yes, but I also see...      T W I N B L A D E S .  I love DS II by the way.
Santa with a back scratcher
I hate how I have to use a consumable in order to ply co-op. However, I LOVE that I can now play the game without the fear of some ass hole invading my game and pushing my shit in.
love your breakdown. cuttin thru the haters w/facts, Easy
Yes no more getting invaded after a boss! Fucking hate pvp in games like this
22:07 - "Now I know half of you are excited, half of you are worried, and half of you have no idea what I just said"  there are three halves somehow...
The re-invasion red finger thing should only be usable if they killed you and you want another go at them (this way you both get to re-up). Also you should only get one or 2. It's not fair at all if you can keep vanishing every time your losing. It's like logging out when your losing but with this you get your energies back and teleported behind them 🤣
One of the reasons hating on DS2 is definitely the wrong opinion is that DS2 was the first attempt at "Big Dark Souls" i.e. what Elden Ring is shaping up to be. It was a failed attempt, to be fair. They were never able to build the huge open world they intended to build around Drangleic Castle in the release version of DS2, but it was a first draft on the concept and it seems it's being realized with Elden Ring finally.
Man, so sad you don’t upload in 4K. Sad. But the content is quite good.
its getting closer bois
I hope it has good loot and many was to play like dragons dogma that would be great i loved dragons dogma i hope will satisfy
Man this game looks like great fun its a shame i suck so hard at souls games
I really hope they change the UI before final release because the health/stamina bars look super free access indie game.
3:38 Yggdrasil is not a nightsky my friend
3:42 the person from that screenshot literally compared a real game to a cgi intro
I've watched this about 3 times now. I really want this game to come out soon. First time I'll have played a game the week it came out.
Just realised that they made the mount a goat instead of a horse (goatlike) because goats can survive in extremely narrow cliffs almost defying gravity   In other words a horse would not be so agile whilst climbing so this makes it feel more natural even though the player might only get it subconsiously
Some people complaining about the graphics is the dumbest or blindest kind of people out there. I've seen other games released this year with "next gen graphics" but so far they looked like a PS4 game.
"hating dark souls 2 is the wrong opinion"?  trust me, don't waste your time on this video
Graphics become dated but good art direction is forever. Reason why a game like mirrors edge still holds up today and why this game will still hold up years from now.
If I get invaded while playing with friends, we already made the plan to immediately run into a really dangerous nearby area to try and let the environment kill the invader(s) 🤣 And basically bypass the item mechanics by constantly running away from them until they either give up and or die haha
Seems amazing i wanna try it !
Way full of spoilers I am not watching this for at-least a year.
Quite simple : No First Person, no buy. Period
Mind  this: Fight Club!
What's the name of the song at 0:07 - 0:25?
Gotta say I'm in the camp of being glad that the PvP is leaning more towards the Dark Souls 1 direction. Obviously that game was a total mess in a lot of ways PvP-wise but I think having poise be a thing that exists and having it be easy to understand is just a better system than the nebulous mechanics 2 and 3 had. I was also never a fan of the auto-combos that 2 and 3 had, although I do think something like that should probably exist to avoid having every fight just be a hit and run fest.... I won't pretend to have the answer
I want it I want it I want it I want it I want it
Damn seems like a cool game
New to dark souls series and from software games but this one looks cool af
I was not sure about getting this or not, but now I am sold.
looks like a great game but i feel a little lost because i’ve never played dark souls
Thank you for intro, I'm out because I'm a spoiler Virgin
I don't expect from software to do this but I really need a combination of dark souls, breath of the wild and minecraft, a sandbox open world soulslike
Broke: Let's call IGN, Kotaku, Meristation and GameSpot to rate our closed beta, people will love to hear opinions from game journalists and if they say the game is shit we will just pay them to say it's great (yes C2077 I'm looking at you). WOKE and BASED AF: How about we launch a beta where actual passionate players with enough skills can give us feedback, if it's shit they would tell that to us directly so we can improve.
i really hope we get Horses for Multiplayer. Fighting the Dragon without the Horse is a pain in the ass.
I'm so happy with the invasion changes. The PvP fan base is, and has always been, the vocal minority here. There's a lot of us that have always hated the invasion mechanics, and found it nothing but a constant frustration. Being able to 100% opt out of that bollocks is a huge relief.
Poise :D
honestly invasions should just be done away with. If I want to have a grand ol' time with my friends, I shouldn't have to be interrupted by some griefer with a hard-on for making other people miserable. pvp is fine as long as it's consensual
it's funny, because knee-high barriers weren't an issue in Demon's Souls, yet for some reason they decided to remove the climbing/vaulting mechanic in the later games
I know it won’t a 1 to 1 recreation of Bloodborne nor Sekiro as I know they function off two different systems but I’d kill to be able to run “ranged parry/stun” and “Deflection” builds in this game.  I loved BB and Sekiro and being able to run a fusion Hunter/Stealth Deflect character build would be so sick.  Both those games just feel so visceral and quick.
yeah i really want this game
I wanna watch so bad but I want to go into the game as blind as possible so YAY OR NAY
"oh look yet another reskin of dark souls but now you can jump over obstacles! Take my money!" This is the exact way activision makes call of duty and everyone hates it but since its FromSoftware - all the fanboy elitist, spat out apes are loving it. The animations, interface, combat looks exactly like it was in dark souls 3...
6:15 wow Santa lost weight
Uhhh obviously the reason they had you return to the hub area to level up is because they are proud of their wife/waifu characters and want you to appreciate them as much as possible. I am serious. It’s too bad too because this wife looks perfect.
Damn I haven’t played an mmo in years andafter warching this review I’m actually getting hyped for this game
Checking back on this video still fills me with awe and excitement, even if I didn't get a code for the playtest. The comment section is like playing a poison swamp level.   I legit saw a comment saying that jumping is caving into the casual mob. It's already bad enough people are expecting every game to be superultrahd realism.
How clunky is the gameplay?
I'm so glad i don't have to worry about assholes invading me when I'm playing alone.
Please bring back DaS kick 😢 Not another slow af guard break that's so slow it's guaranteed to only be good against noobs
How punishing is death? Just as much as DS titles ? Or is it less or even more punishing?
Hype for double lances, my brother will be bringing back his memeorable Beedrill build from DS2.
I would live to see a Silmarillion game with these visuals & mechanics.
Me watching my collectors edition preorder every day making sure it’s not cancelled. Two months left!
I dont really like the setting, and Bloodborne-like art style is not very appealing to me. So I just hope to get a good story. Everything you've shown here looks generic. Mediocre at best.
This may be game of the year for 2022
If that horse bucks you off to save it from a collapsible bridge I will cry
looks easy
9:25 That horse should definitely be dead; don't tell me otherwise.
Is there a way to turn off pvp while in co-op? I wanna just screw around with my bud without getting messed with lol
I'm sorry but if you're genuinely impressed with how this game looks and not just fanboying, you're not actually looking at it  Feel it... it just isn't there. Remember the games that pushed the envelope blew you away, ps2, ps3, whatever? This is a 'will this do?' effort.
Yeah sorry the graphics are shit. We're going to be asking for a remake in a couple of years. Maybe that was the plan
Why do the graphics look like a ps4 game
they totally just took the world tree from berserk to this game
Its Botw, but Dark Souls (3)
I never cared for pvp and invasions in dark souls, that's actually the reason I was always in offline mode. So the fact that you can't get invaded whole playing alone is nice for me
I've heard some people complaining about this game, saying it looks too easy. That's crazy. This game looks like the typical fromsoft "throw-your-controller-out-a-window" type difficulty to me which we all love (well, most of us anyway). If anything the pacing is just different which is to be expected from an open-world
Can anyone answer this question for me? I am new to this game franchise but it looks really good and want to get started with Elden Ring! My question, what is the purpose of this game? Are there quests, an end goal, or is more so just attacking enemies and increasing stats?
This game looks AMAZING. I'm not a good souls player, but am excited to see how accessible this game will be as a new experience.
Hang the fuck on, they have Skyrim Horse now???
I'm definitely DEFINITELY gonna recreate all 6 of my builds in Elden Ring (after first playthrough of course)
me in an open world game. see that mountain? im gonna climb it
I was hesitant to watch this video because I didn't want too much of the game spoiled for me but I gotta say, having watched it now no regrets. More hyped and learning that co-op is considerably more functional is big important info imo.
Oh yea boys. Time for crab
BOW JUMP ATTACKS
Kinda hyped
To people saying: "Man, its just Dark Souls 3 2.0".  Hell it isn't; and EVEN IF it was just that, it would still be a masterpiece.
after seeing the snake shield it will be my sole goal to find the dumbest weapon and beat the game with it
Hey, if I listen to this but don't watch the video, is it going to have big spoilers?
I like all these things. I’m a little iffy about no true combos. And shields seem pretty strong
hey is this game going to have xbox prompts on pc?
Was there ever anything there….?? “No”……. Does it matter….?? “No”🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Just a paid review
This game is the only good reason for me to buy a new gen console
The double crafting for being invaded is just like doing humanity tbh, so
I'm really not happy with fighting a boss in an open world area 😕 this is completely different than other soul games
Dark souls 3 was 20 or so hours for my first playthrough (DLC included) If the beta takes 8 hours then I'm pretty damn excited
I am hyped! Cant wait. Good vid!
It kinda looks like dark souls 3 part 2
Stopping the video after 35 seconds after you said from soft on track for one of the best games ever .  I already love their other games can’t wait for this. Also anyone curious I’ll tell you right now if elden ring gets a strategy guide or art book and you are a fan of the game don’t hesitate to get them as the dark souls compendium I got for 45 dollars is now 799 brand new and all the old art works are triple the price so if that’s any indication Elden ring will do the same.
Smells like future game of the year (/decade?)
it looks like they learned a lot from sekiro
LOOOL poor crab getting L2'd
7:47 - tHiS iS fUn!!
Yeah... I installed a mod on Dragons Dogma that made it so stamina only drained *in* combat. That really is a dumb thing to do in open-world games. I'm glad to know that Elden Ring gets that right.
Bro I agree with you on everything that you said except for that tweet on 3:44 that one is about the Nintendo Switch port having downgraded graphics I believe.
8 hours of content to do absolutely everything in a game that isn't going to have the level of difficulty of basically any of the dark souls games...yeeeeeesh.
can u finish the game in co op
a solid 8 hours of content, not including deaths or just fucking around I hope.
please dont use the word Evolution of Combat it gives runescape players PTSD
im defo gunna change the controlls XD
Bro WTF?? Enemies just spawn like that and fall from above? That’s some bs game design. 10:30
I'm curious about PC Mouse + KB controls.
you gotta admite the hp bars are very ugly
I hope it runs well with mouse and keyboard
I feel like arcane may be a new magic type that they didn’t show in the test
I've literally binged watched your "souls like" playlist, saw this, and first 30 seconds, I'm thinking, "yeah this guy knows souls games" Love it
More offensive miracles?! *YO LET'S FUCKING GO! Miracles for life baby!* On a sidenote did anyone else like eventual non-respawning enemies from DS2?
Do you think a none Dark Souls fan would like this game?
i have played thousands of games from all genres in my life and Dark Souls is my very favorite franchise out of all of them, Elden Ring has literally be the potential to be the NUMBER 1 best game EVER released in the history of humanity.
So much of this seems so cool... up until hearing about the state of invaders. As if people yanking their internet or diving off cliffs wasn't bad enough, now they have a 10 use item to do it for them? And there's no guaranteed combos in a game where dodge spamming and a million estus flasks are still in? That stuff makes me pretty damn nervous.
8:57 it is not a horse. it is a Mountain goat. <3
Dark souls 2 is actually bad, different from other parts they decided to put lots of weak mobs so its just becomes unfun when you have to clear hoards of them. Lots of bosses that are 2 or 3 against one. Didn't need summons for the 1st and 3rd games and it was pretty fun to challenge them but in ds2 you either go at them for 10 times before finally defeating them or summon spirits to help. Sorry not sorry, theres a reason why tomohiro shibuya got fired :)
From this video there’s really only one thing that comes to mind in terms of changes I’d like to see, and that’s the horse online thing. On one hand I see where they’re coming from, trying to limit the amount of running away that can be done, but my use case for online is mostly to coop through parts of the game with my friend, and not being able to horse for that is a pretty huge drag. I’m sure there are ways they could change that, like taking horses away during invasions, or changing the speed of horses during invasions
Dark Souls 3+Moratl Shell Weapen mechanics= Elden Ring ?
30 hours?? Lol rookie numbers. I got 30 hours in one day 😤😤
Seeing the horse scale that rock like skyrim made me laugh
U should play gothic 1 and 2. Perfect examples for good open world design
I hope covenants play a roll in pvp. Instead of just summon sign and ganks.
I wish the weapon parries were brought back.
Yes i hate games u cant jump in or u have to walk slow or run fast only because i can walk normal and jump in real life and it takes me out of the game world when i cant jump or has those outdated controls like in arkham games and shadow of war and mordor!
Open worlds needs lots of secrets and varieties. They need lots of options so a player can choose to play their way to make things easier or harder. Dlc should add new places plus add some things to existing-world like npcs with quests or new enemies just something cool that makes you go hey i never seen that before.
i bet your mom was always yelling at you to stop climbing trees xD
You should play in a xbox series x
I will never understand why these games have PVP.
Souls of the wild
fuuuuuuuuuck i can’t wait
Calling it now: FromSoft is going to have to nerf those sleep arrows.
Oh good they adjusted phantoms so they arw flesj and blood and not ghosts
It's... it's perfect🥺
Can't believe i have to wait until the end of February to play this game...
Oh man. I hope this game rocks. Dragon's Dogma and Mortal Shell has spoiled me. The network test did not sell me. Sekiro and Ghosts are amazing games too.
Girls: why would i waste my time climbing rocks. Boys: you wouldn't get it.
Nice
Learning about the "invasion" mechanic just killed almost all of the hype I had for the game
wait what there was more in the cave at the beginning? or was stresstest different from what he was playing?
i was vibing until you said that shit about DS2, youre so wrong, easily the worst game in the whole series. not a souls
“half of you are excited,  half of you are panicking,  and half of you have no idea what i said”    wait……….
I've never played a Dark Souls game, mostly because I've been scared off by the difficulty (I don't personally find games where one mis-step erases your progress very fun), but this video made me want to play Elden ring. Awesome!
let's be serious: we don't care for pvp
Dude, you’re talking way too fast… otherwise great content 👍🏼
07:12 Demon Souls be like, Am I a Joke? You are dead to me 😂
Sekiro still impossible for me
11:35  heh, it's a ghost jelly
I know its a core part of Soul games, but still disappointed you are forced to deal with pvp if you want co-op.
THERE'S A JUMP
ive been hyping this game up for so long glad to see it finally close
Elden Ring: You can jump now.   Me: S U P E R M A R I O C O S P L A Y B U  I L D
Not sure if someone has said this, but this isn't the entire map. We get access to a small part of just one part of the entire world. It goes to show just how large this world will be. There are a number of different large areas after the main castle area after the Margit fight.
I just absolutely love this game it's just already looks very familiar to play
With poise being back and strength being behind it you know what time it is..  INITIATE PHASE 1                            Dont you dare to level dex
Power stance is back baby!
4:03 Omg, I love already love this game.
I find that a lot of the armor looks much lower res than bloodborne or Dark souls 3 so ye artistically this is Dark souls 3 pt2
Sorry I thought you were vattividya
4 mins in and i have to say you have a pretty accurate description of Dark Souls. I appreciate that and its rare, usually people speak with bias, not you. good job man. I even realised some things I've said about dark souls IS bias. Thank you.
This game is going to be mind blowing!  I wonder if they have an unlimited variant for the fingers, like they did with the red eye orbs, would be smart.
Kind of disagree with the sentiment that FS players are always 50/50 split on what game is the best. Every single poll consistently shows Bloodborne with a considerable lead and Dark Souls 2 in last
FINALLY I CAN BE GIANTDAD ONCE AGAIN!
I like the phantom finger thing like the assassin is jumping in and out but when it's the tenth time you know shit going to hit the fan
Powerstancing was my favourite part of DS2 and it felt like Christmas morning to hear you say it's back
If this doesnt win game of the year, I'll kill myself
Dark souls with horses? count me in
OH MY GOD ITS THE SKYRIM HORSE
Hopefully sleep arrows are nerfed. They seem a tad op. Perhaps they should make a regular variant that requires you to fill the invisible status bar to sleep them and a more powerful version akin to the current. The more powerful version should be craftable only (or purchased from rare vendors for high prices) to incentivize you looking for the ingredients
Outstanding video
This game looks like it just needs tweaking around the edges. the graphics are good but strangely... muddy?. And the UI things like health etc look very out of place
This really tickles my taint
Looking forward to playing Dark Ring...Err Elden Souls... Errr ya know what i mean
I have an even more controversial opinion: PvP should be fully opt-in even with co-op. It harms nobody. People who want no PvP can have no PvP, and people who want PvP can have their PvP. This eliminates any and all situations where only one half of the PvP is having fun or has chosen to participate. This also allows for invaders to be balanced for fairly, which would stop invaders complaining at how thing are typically stacked against them, because they often forget they are intended to be nothing more than a difficult enemy for the host to fight, and are expected and intended to die. In the current system at least. Then you can have your precious invasions and people just wanting to play on their own or PvE with a buddy or two can also get what they want. It harms literally nobody and benefits everyone.
This looks great thanks for the info, but I will say on my end I hate PvP I never liked being invited while I play with a friend because when we are trying to have fun other people will jump in and interrupt use. But that’s just me I love coop.
I'm not a big fan of Dark Souls, and I really don't like open world, but this looks really cool
special privileges culture
climbing vertical mountains on horseback? skyrim 2 is finally here
Keene high hell ankle high
payed for promote game ... is not an honest player who say real opinions
god I love climbing to places I'm not supposed to climb to
FromSoftware is just kicking the everloving shit out of everybody else in the video game industry. This will be a game that will crack 1 billion dollars in the first week. This may be a game that cracks the all-time list. It looks fucking amazing and I can't get a ps5. But I will get it someday.
Yo jump button= acrobatics from oblivion. If that ever comes in, it could be amazing having a 42 inch vertical.
I hope the Ultra weapons will be good.
Damn this video held my full attention from start to finish. Subbed
Good, no one can invade in single player.. Finally a game I can play alone if I want and not be bothered.
love that the enchanted knight looks like the Elite Knight
Looks like a good game we will have to play it are selfs to make a judgment call no offense you were paid to say good things not that it’s not good
When will this be available and will it be ok ps4?
Not might. It will.
lol the back scratcher
I can't help but feel like anime is having an impact here. The way the animations look for what seems to be a diverse amount of magic and abilities has that fantastical influence that anime and manga offers. Does anyone relate?
Who else jizzed them selves seeing this
i think the biggest issue with open world games is the open world design itself  fortunately elden ring is made by fromsoft, who is very obviously incredibly good at world design
imagine saying its the best game ever in the same video you say 'they finally added a jump'
Are there fist weapons?
People be complaining about these graphics but I’ve always through the graphics were strikingly good for the type of games they are.
Todd Howard making open-world games: "iT jUsT wOrKs"  Miyazaki making open-world games: "everything works."
im gonna say it.  I'd rather have decent graphics and a good game than great graphics and a bad game. Fight me.
Thanks I won't be getting it. Never got the demon souls hype
Ultrawide support?
I have never seen so much possitive hype for a game.  For example...even the best Youtube videos have some jerk giving it a thumbs down.  This video has 90k possitive....zero...yes zero thumbs down.  I loved Bloodbornes look...being a huge HP Lovecraft fan...not a huge fan of the combat.  I liked Sekiro because ninjas are cool...but not the biggest fan of the combat.  Dark Souls 1-3 combat is the best.  Reguardless...FROM knows how to make the best fantasy games.  I liked BOTW alot.  Skyrim was good.  This seems like the perfect combo of all these games.  It will be the best game ever made.
Time to see if an assassin build will be viable
wait so if i want to play co op with a friend i'll get invaded sometime ? so i cannot play with a friend without have to worry about someone trying to kill me and ruin our experience ?
The fast travel man.
6:15 Santa
I'm generally against pre ordering but you have officially sold me on this one
I had only just recently gotten in to dark souls, and I'm already excited for Dark Souls: Breath of the Wild!
Hmm will be interesting to see if it can pull off what Dark Souls world did, from the video footage it doesn't look like it does to me but that's something you have to experience during play can't really tell from cut up clips.
Honestly I don't really care about certain reused animations, or the 'worse graphics' this game looks great and I'm sure I will play this when I can.
0:14 Those are the mudcrabs that the legion guy from the imperial city fought
Im a bit dissapointed, I didnt expect the game to look so much like DS3. I love DS3 and I love From and Im gonna buy this game and Im sure its gonna be great but I really hoped for something a bit different than another DS3...
After cyberpunk I trust absolutely no one
I am not sure if I want to replay sekiro or to start Elden rings  What do You think cool people?
No matter whatever souls game it is, you will end up getting hollow. I am saying this because I m a cursed mad hollow. 😂
Going on his last statement. Its about fuckin time that a game lived up to the hype and wasnt a total buggy piece of shit that the deveopers had to apologize for. The applies to mainly AAA games and thier over bloated budgets and poor management.
21:50 rofl "the real reason your here" you couldn't be any farther off, I never once cared about pvp in any souls/souls like game, the only time I enjoy pvp is in call of duty or battlefield, any other game, don't care
I've played a little bit of Dark Souls 1 & 2 and Bloodborne. But not much of any of them, but still find them interesting and I think this game might actually be a little more for me. Heck, I might get it just solely for the horse parkour.
Can we put out sword in sword beg.i don't know what we call for shety the sword.
Between torrent having horns, and from softwares darker and slightly demonic art style, this game gives me some serious princess mononoke vibes!
I honestly hate the level up system. I hate manually guessing what I should add to. I either want no level up system at all or I want it to just add stats automatically. I also hate classes. I want to be able to just use magic or whatever whenever I want like FFTA. Switch classes and then level up my bow or magic skills as I go.
Dude thinks Dark Souls 2 was good..haha Power Stancing sucks
Seems like they incorporated elements from breath of the wild especially with the environmental stuff 🔥🔥
Never played darksouls, but I think this will be my first
8 hours of content is nothing
Infinite stamina out of combat? Genshin Impact should learn. They are greedy even with stamina, especially Inazuma not yielding more stamina on Statue of the Sevens level up
If you haven't already tried Dream Cycle I think you should try it because the whole climbing all over everything is a big reason why I keep playing that and there is a point to it.
Were there graphical settings to, for example, disable blood and such?
Maybe that first fall damaging you was a way for them to say "You can survive some falls, but there is a limit. So don't say we didn't warn you."
looks way easier, u guys reckon?
I can’t believe someone mentioned Dragons Dogma. I haven’t heard anyone talking about my favorite game
24:43 that is just sad cause it is true
Why do you talk so fast. Honestly wanted to watch this but I felt like I was moving 100mph
I’m so hyped for this game, but god the health bar etc look so ugly
The horse going up mountains gives me flashbacks to skyrim
Man, I’ve been sold on this game since it’s inception, but icing on the cake was one of my childhood favorites having an absolutely broken and disgusting cash grab of a battle pass this year.  Why can’t companies just take it like fromsoft? You create good content to get money in return. I’m definitely supporting this game and any DLCs that come out.   I’ve joined late though, I didn’t start Dark Souls until the third one was already released for almost a year then, but I’m fucking sold on FromSoft’s platform and standing.
I am so super hyped. BF2042 was a big let down, just like a few other releases on pc this year. I am so looking forward to Elden Ring.  Thanks for your extensive video on the mechanics, especially in coop i am interested since i wanna have some fun with a bunch of friends.
im sold
Looks like they added serpicos sword
Everyone’s reaction hey it’s another dark souls lame! Ah ya and? I’m excited! What about another halo like we haven’t had enough of those.. Or battlefield  Or cod  But they don’t wanna mention that! Hypocrites! I love halo and cod but if your going to sit there and say omg another dark souls! It’s like yeah so? There’s a lot of games like that MORONS!
7:54 - casually murders unsuspecting eagle for no apparent reason 😂
5:44 - NEURON ACTIVATION DARTH MAUL SWORD
Just please get the launch right FromSoftware. Please no day one fiascos, no 50 gb patch, no road maps, no promises to fix it and no fanbase in denial saying "it'll be good in a year!". But it's FromSoftware? Yeah I've thought "but its' from X studio" too and I've been shocked by who can screw up a launch, no one is immune to greed, I mean Rockstar just did it on a re release of 20 year old games!
Try out mortal shell it's a souls like. An small indie title on ps4 for free if you have ps plus or xbox1.
The fact that this network test is a small fraction of the game is literally so amazing
I subscribed to this man the moment he said that saying DS2 is bad is wrong.
Wait does the co-op means we can like split in the overworld ? Like someone go in a dungeon while another one is wandering in the castle
I feel like the stamina bar being infinite is a bad thing, idk why but for me, it doesn't feel good
I wish it would come out in January instead of February
It's not just jumping, it is not dying every time we try doing it ;)
Shame, glad I watched this first though I know I might have missed out. I was invited too but was hesitant let alone so many others who wanted to go instead so I just decided to pass. When the first few words near the start of the vid was mentioned, that Profane 3-letter word slipped into too many online games that we know well: "PVP"  Well now ...I'm glad I sat this one out :(  I'm really happy for those who did get their chance to enjoy though.
I'm so happy because your review really reassures me.Just can't wait to immerse myself in it.
I can already see that this will be my favourite game!
Same game mechanics, graphics, story, scenery, enemies, setting, same weapons, same empty crafting, same everything!!! Except that now you can jump !!! Fromsoftware is the laziest company ever
How are people playing this? I thought the game was not going to be released until next year?
no spoilers thnk you uwu xd xd xd good game yes bai :D
The hand-holding is Elden Ring is beyond anything we've seen before.      I still don't know if PvP is going to be better than what we have in Dark Souls 3..  and we desperately need successful PvP in Elden Ring.
Damn i thought it was a dark souls ring
Gotta love it, they know they got a gem and they ain’t scared to let people see it and enjoy it
What is the (eye)idea behind one-eyed maidens?
"Feel free to die in a ditch somewhere"  Journalists: *sweating nervously"
I'm definitely gonna play as a sorcerer, like I love fighting enemies with low melee attacks and magic damage.
The first time in a long time I am almost sold after few seconds of the video. Almost.
2:11 I am not sure, if that is a good thing. Although, it was a bit artificial that you cannot climb over small edges, it made playing much more simple. When you can climb, you are trying to climb places where you shouldn't be in the first place and you just waste so much time.
This game really seems like a fusion of the best bits of FromSoft design, it will be the first game I buy new at full price. I just really hope the rest of the world will be as densely packed with content as the area available in the test.
parrys??parry??? WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
You can level up at any bonfire in Dark Souls 1
So mmo, not mmorpg. Im waiting on a new mmorpg, dont want to play the ones already out, be way to far behind.
The fact that I can pick and choose when I want to pvp is amazing to me. No more getting invaded when I'm not ready or trying to fight other players. This game is going to be huge and after all the garbage ass game releases we've all been going through this year I can honestly say that fromsoft has become my absolute favorite game maker at this point and it's going to be such a breathe of fresh air to finally have a game that's worth paying 60 dollars for and not feeling like I got raped. Thank you fromsoft
I have played ds3 and I loved it. Played about 170 hours and then I bought ds remastered ds2 and Blood Bourne. When I’m done with them then I will buy elden ring. Can’t wait
@Iron Pineapple  Your criticisms of 'other open world games' at 11mins more accurately describe Elden Ring. It's sparser than most and has shown LESS diversity in activities (Especially as it lacks scripted quests or missions, it's all straightforward combat encounters and boss fights like Dungeon crawlers & traditional action games. Lots of camps in Elden Ring this time round though ironically)  Elden Ring hasn't shown the density or quality and volume of handcrafted content games like Divinity Original sin 2 & Baldur's gate 3, The Fallout series, Morrowind, Arcanum of steamworks & magick obscura, The Witcher 3, Ultima, Pillars of Eternity Deadfire, Pathfinder Kingmaker, Avernum, Dragon Quest, Piranhabyte's Games or the Might&Magic franchise for example provide. It's action gameplay & encounter design might be better which makes it's not very varied content remain interesting. Very similar to games like Dragons Dogma, Monster Hunter & Nier that don't have a large amount of content or particularly high quality content but have a solid combat system and enemy design.
No. Sorry but no. It's simply not as good as Bloorborne.
@Iron Pineapple  Besides graphical fidelity, the problem IS Elden Ring's art direction. The glowing green sky mixed with the very dull yellows, browns & greys of the environment with it's sparse vegetation and glowing rocks looks hideous, it looks like you're in a dirty fishtank under a light or sewerage. It's not 'some of the best' environmental art at all. It's not even good. Goodluck naming other AAA productions with worse environmental artwork than this.  Compare this with Dragon's Dogma which was released back in 2012 and didn't even have particularly good graphics when it did. the ARTISTRY is SO much better in that game and it doesn't look horrible and vomit worthy like Elden Ring does.   They need to replace the skybox and completely redo the lighting, obviously it's too late to redo the environment. They've built the whole game to look like this. But redoing the lighting and skybox could change this from a horrible looking game, to just a mediocre looking one.
haven't been this excited for a game since witcher 3
the only time i kicked in ds 3 was by accident since its so f##king finicky
Ok you said its "far different  from dark souls", but then say its pretty much a bigger dark souls and YEAH it is.
the graphics aren't as good because this game is being released on the last gen consoles and from software want to prioritise high frame rate over pixel count and texture quality because high frame rate is very important in souls games.
Seems like they put a fuck load of thought into this game!
This is a dark souls fan wet dream 😍 can't wait already got the pre-order let's go elden Ring love the video by the way good job
They put checkpoints before bosses ! That's all I needed to hear, I'll finally play a fromsoft game I think !
21:21 thats kinda cool tho basically like a retreat function. both parties have time to heal and fight again later up to 10 times. itd be broken if you could just keep getting new invaders though
I haven't been this excited for a game since... FONewVegas. Thank you for the detailed prep.
Your vids are awesome and very informative 👍. I love the style, subbed.
Souls games are a treat to view on Youtube videos :D. They are beautiful
I love the sikero feeling to it god I need this game. I’m sad I’ll be going on deployment by the end of this month so I won’t get my hands on it for a while
okay people can have opinions but liking dark souls 2 is a big no no
you talk to much, long story short guys, its BOTW x Dark souls
I’ve only played dark souls 3 so far but is the demons souls remake on ps5 better in graphics than elden ring? Just wondering
Spent my whole time in the CNT in the area just before the castle...got the horse and never continued past that gate on the main path I was far too busy enjoying every second of the world
1:10: number one reason to buy this game
it's cute that from software thinks that wyverns, are Dragons
do you also get disconected if you defeat the boss in an open world dungeon? or just the final boss of the level?
Guard counter sounds great! Good news, finally :)
22:10 I’m not the best at math…but that’s a lot if halves… lol
yo 11:10 you're so wrong, i mean take far cry 3 - there was that one outpost with the tiger in it you could release... and uhh... yea!
SKYRIM HORSE PHYSICS
The only public opinion i'll trust for the rest of my life. love u
here's the good review. now we wait for the bait videos of -- "Things elden rings does wrong"". or ""how elden rings should be. "" or ""it's actually supposed to be thing because I didn't actually work on it but I'm a YouTuber and my opinion matters more then the devs who actually made it "" or "" ten things elden rings got wrong about elden rings "" and or etc type of videos lol it's nice to have a video like this where it's like. it's a blast. you should play it.
My body is so ready for this game...
this looks like BOTW's big brother
Will progression carry over for a friend if they join me in this game or is it still like other souls games?
Mr Pineapple, I have heard of this one, pls go back to the dumpster
WOW
Hey Iron Pineapple, I'm a big fan of the videos and due to being trapped in the house because of several family members getting Covid, I've had more than enough time to just binge watch. There is a very underrated game I think you should take a look at, a bit of a stretch to call it a Souls like but I guess that in a more turn based combat setting is comparable enough, got the enemies, some places have the corrupted environment esc feel, and it definitely reaches comparability in difficulty. The game is called Stone Shard and it's gone under the radar for a while and I think its a good enough game to deserve at least a look at from a person like you who tends to be better at critiquing this "souls like" than anyone : )
I’m so excited I’m shaking I need a ps5 now
If you beat a dungeon or a boss with a summon do they still Despawn upon the death of the boss or the completion of a side area
Watched all elden ring gameplay and I haven't came across a spot that I don't like. It's perfect for me.
SphereHunter cameo!
Best review video of Elden Ring I have seen so far and most of them were really really good 👍
have never played a souls/souls=like game nor been that interested, buuuut this may change my mind
something I really think is cool about this game even tho it might sound lame is the map, they seem to have used the same type of map from the Steven Jacksons Sorcery! Which are games based on books, entirely storybased, I allways loved how the world looked in those games and its nice to see such a massive company like from software using it.
does it have character creation ? it seems doesnt
I honestly can’t tell the difference between this and Dark souls other than graphics🤨
Is this a console only game?
4:01 "Feel free to go, and die in a ditch... somewheeere" Wow, thanks for the advice, NPC man. Not sure if you are condescending but your attitude is 'Souls-like'. Warm welcome indeed.
I can't stop watching these videos I need this game dude lol. I re bought dark souls 3 on the PC so that way I can mod it and have some awesome times while I wait for elden ring.
super good video. and i am now more confident in my preorder
The horse reminds me of yoshi from super mario
I love the look of the game, but with souls type games when you die you loose everything . Thats why i like the witcher better
POWERSTANCING  IT JUST WORKS
That "horse" has horns my dude.   You're the type of guy who would try to milk a bull
I came here for the solo play stuff.   Fuck PvP lol
hope this game is not one of the crappy amazon games!!
18:40 A note about invasions; I don't have anything to back this up, but I've always thought the point of invasions was to balance co-op. The game let's you summon a friend to help, so go balance that, the game will summon a foe. It always made sense to me and I never got why pvpers didn't appreciate it.
holy fucking shit , dragon's dogma and dark souls had a game of thrones-esk baby , it's goddamn beautiful, one thing i truly appreciate tho is giving you the majestic "there's nothing you can do" feeling of king's Field 4 in pretty much everything,from bosses to the actual lore , really surprising how from software manages to shit on all rpg games endlessly
I need just one more soulslike video before elden ring releases. I love that series so much
let's be honest, outside of the pvp dark souls 2 wasn't the greatest, but powerstancing is dope.
every feature this man says had my jaw dropping
Another game of the year from software 🥰🥰
Souls fans always eating good.
Oo great so its like Dark Souls... not what I had hoped for. Not sure how losing to the same enemy 20x until you finally get lucky and beat him is fun for some people. To each their own i guess. Ill pass
Please try Thymesia when it comes out too
Powerstancing! My god! I'm so fucking loved it in ds2 and so missed in ds3! Hope corona didn't kill me until I'm gonna play at least 1k hours in ER! 😀
I still don't see how this is not Dark Souls 4. Is there endgame? Are their group dungeons? Will any holy trinity meta develop?
A dark souls player how dose this compare?
Is there more than one weapon?
I actually paused it at 31 seconds and am leaving lmao
So one downside is the backstab changes for PVP.  Essentially it's the DS3 system, plus a more restrictive angle check.  So when your backstab goes to your opponent and gets checked, they have to be 1.5m from you, and you have to be within 30 degrees of directly behind them (ie, a 60 degree cone).  This is SIGNIFICANTLY more restrictive than DS3 backstabs and means that basically you can only backstab someone if they are pretty much completely stationary the whole time.  Even worse, you still have the "whiffed backstab" animation, which is REAL rough because of the angle restrictions basically any fast weapon user who is spamming R1 while locked on will literally just automatically turn, force your backstab to whiff, and then they'll be hitting you while you do the "whiff backstab" animation.    This means in PVP, backstabs are mostly useless except against the longest, most easily punished animations.  In fact, in most cases they are WORSE than useless - you will literally eat extra hits for trying to backstab someone. Hopefully they get a happy medium back because currently you want to basically avoid backstabbing if at all possible.  The only real issue with DS3 backstabs was they were too good and too easy against ultra weapons which kind of invalidated a whole class of cool weapons. The only real benefit of the Elden Ring backstab changes is that it should pretty much eliminate "facestabs"... but facestabs were almost entirely avoidable in DS3 anyways if you just moved instead of trying to turn.  Now turning to face your would-be backstabber is basically a guarantee that their backstab will whiff.
Think I'll wait for a actual review rather then a shill.
*"Im looking at you dragon's dogma"*   Lmao i felt that.
Lol I have a feeling that first official boss of the main pad has a touch of pontiff sulyvane in him t
You double jump to find items. I double jump on random shit for fun, we are not the same.  Edit: Now that i think about it, crafting items might provide an extra source of runes to spend, so you craft a bunch of junk you won't use and sell it for a small profit, probably only good early on.
Did you play a xbox exclusive game fromsoftware Called "Otogi 2: Immortal Warriors
how do people enjoy playing the same shit over and over again...? theres no difference between this and dark souls and its fuckin' cousin games, it's all the same shit.
I think the Elden Ring hype is misunderstood by many RPG fans. Most of the hype seems to be driven by hardcore Souls enthusiasts (myself included) and I think I just want to return “home” with this game. Therefore, I don’t have these insane expectations that I had for something like Cyberpunk 2077. If you are a fan of RPGs in general and this is your first From Software game, the hype exists because these games have an outstanding reputation and have been very consistent with introducing new mechanics that work well. That being said, the ones that enjoy these games the most are the new players,  so good luck on this new journey, and remember,  Praise the Sun!
Awesome summary and perspective on the game. You made me so hyped for the game. See you on Elden Ring.
Is his voice in normal speed? Haha
It may be my first preorder in 12 years to be honest. FS hasn't disappointed me so far.
*Final Fantasy XIV --- #1 WORLD's MOST POPULAR MMORPG.*  *Play the entire A Realm Reborn and Heavensward Expansions.* *FREE with NO Restrictions on playtime.*
looks good
is this out now? And if not how i play?
3 things are certain in life. Death, me remaining a virgin, and everyone picking bloody wolf for their first elden ring playthrough
3:43 Did those guys think the switch could handle this game at max graphics? It's a fact that games aren't bottle-necked by consoles. They make the same game for PCs with minimum requirements and the better hardware lets you bring out more. This myth needs to be dispelled. It'll look worse on switch because it's the least equiped, Better on last gen consoles, pretty damn good on the XSX and PS5 and the best on high end PCs.
IP has become my favourite Dark Souls Youtuber - I think you attained ENB level.
Damn it... I wanted to hold off on this game, but this video and VaatiVidya's on Elden Ring convinced me to get it.
would this game be a good idea for people who've never played a souls game before? or would that just be a death sentence?
@Iron Pineapple     My question is, after defeating a boss along with the help of a friend summon do they remain and can continue the rest of the game along with you?
Exploring this beautiful world  already  gets me unimaginably excited
The new, its a new game so everything is new. Its sad this is just dark souls.
so many missing features with the multiplayer why cant u have a horse or more players just a downgrade and feels lazy to me they had all this time to make the game and still leave features out truly a slap in the face
o man i cant wait for this game even i am terible in soul games i realy love to play them
i can't believe i missed the closed network test i am gonna cry
sleep arrow nerfed  and dks2 sucks.
what I'd like to know is,.. how difficult will this game be? -
This video sounds a lot like what that fextralife dude said, or however you spell it.
"Mortal Shell" for one of the dumpster dive?
The usual paid hype. (But I will play to death when I get it)
Brutal
Melena.... Melenaaaaaat?
Demon Souls fanboy likes Demon Souls sequel Still werf it doe
You got me at stealth
Okay this review just sold me on this game. I'm definitely in.
Man I have trust issues after watching Skill Up say how good cyberpunk was in his preview
I wouldn’t be surprised if the IGN review says just buy it lol
Action combat RPG? Wont even get 30 seconds from me. The other streamer proved the game is shit on accident. Big bad boss fight scene...the enter thing spent staying at the bosses back, going in a circle and the big bad scary boss also does a circle spewing fire trying to get back to you.   Horrible action combat, horrible cheap action combat mechanics. I would not care if Tolkien came back from the dead to write its story. No thank you.
Can i put a weapon in my left hand and a shield in my right hand and it work like Dark Souls 2?
I hope that elden ring to the dark souls series won't be what monster hunter world was to the monster hunter series: way easier and way more forgiving
I know my comment will get lost in a sea of comments, but I'll make it anyways... First and foremost I admit I've never played a From Software game and at the same time every single time I see someone talk about them or even the company talk about them I get annoyed. I fully do not agree with the philosophy of, "die a million times as a trial and error" way of playing. There's only so many game overs I can get in a game before I literally have no more fun and any sense of, "accomplishment" the developers intended is long destroyed and I move on to a better game. Fans of From Software, I swear, can be some of the harshest and angriest crowd I've ever seen, saying you don't like Dark Souls or Bloodborne throws them into a tirade of Internet insults and tidal waves of, "scrub" "git gud" and other extremely non-helpful and very un-sportsman like insults.  Then there's their stories. I'm not gonna claim I've done a lot of reading on their series' stories, but from what I understand (and could be wrong) their stories are purposefully underdeveloped in order to let the player kinda piece things together or make up things as they go... Personally to me that makes it feel like they just were either lazy or didn't care enough to write a good narrative, so again that goes against what I like in games.  With a game that is supposed to be notoriously difficult with a vague plot at best, why am I still watching videos on Elden Ring? It isn't because GRRM is involved, I have a strong feeling his involvement at best was limited to only creating a backdrop (and the utter disappointment of the ending of Game of Thrones as well as his seemingly lack of interest in completing his own epic has convinced me he is way more into just living out his life with the money he has acquired rather than complete what he started)... But this game DOES just look like a huge Dark Souls game. I can only imagine it'll come out, fanboys will lap it up and call it delicious and it'll probably win Game of the Year 2022 because, "it's expected to win".  I actually kinda do want to play this game, but I have a strong feeling I'd get maybe a few hours in and just delete it and feel I wasted money... Whilst again I admit I haven't played any Souls games, I've played the infamous "souls-like" games before even knowing that was a genre. Nioh and Code Vein I wanted to get into, but quickly realised that they aren't my style. The controls in particular feel incredibly weak and "floatly" and even watching Souls videos I say aloud to myself, "then why bother having a health bar when one attack just sinks your health to zero?"   I probably won't play it, but at least it piqued my curiosity. I just cannot give money to a company I feel purposefully makes its games difficult just for the sake of doing it. I play games to escape my life and if I get better along the way, great! But just dropping a player into a world and saying, "hope for the best!" with crazy difficultly? Nah, I'd rather spend my money elsewhere.
This was an amazing video! Super stoked for the game. It looks amazing
I'm enjoying the airdropped wolves at 10.30 x)
tl;dw basically what DS3 fans dreamt of after BDO first became popular
Fak2
9:09 Said the goat
@11:35 How many people saw the jellyfish and were sold on this game. Everything else is great too, but that jellyfish....oh yeah.
Good
Is there a kentaro tribute?
Dark Souls Mountain Goat edition. I love it lol
would you recommend this to gamers that have never touched Demon souls/ Dark Souls/ Sekiro?
I really wish people would stop pretending that Elden Ring having 360 graphics isnt a negative.
Can you pause the game?
2:55 this also feels like a natural exploration of how viscerals worked in bloodborne.
Ds2 and bloodborne were my favorite souls games in terms of coop and gameplay. For single player and stealth I loved sekiro. For pvp I loved the dark souls 1 shenanigans where spells and hit trading with poise was a thing with the only downside being backstab abuse.   It seems to me like they ripped the best elements from every souls game while also leaving out the bad parts. I’m also glad that fromsoft seems to be trying to improve the online system, I’m definitely interested in how it’ll work and feel with open world elements and fight clubs coming back. Definitely leaps and bounds from the coop system of ds2 when the soul memory system was a thing.   I’m looking forward to this.
This game is just souls with a different name. I'm honestly pretty disappointed. I was hoping for something a little..different? I'm so burned out from playing souls over so many years.. Sigh*
I don't watch spoilers or trailers before the games came out so I don't care what you think after playing a game for 30 hours :(
did he say 8 hours of content???? BAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHA
People ragging on the visuals forget 1 detail. The fidelity is equal to or slightly greater than the initial reveal trailer and that's nearly unheard of in the history of gaming. Probably the first game that looks better than how they marketed it.   Besides, since this is not a MMO there WILL be a Remastered version.  The enemies stopping to do a finishing animation when they know it will kill you and it NOT being scripted is beautiful.
Spherehuntersuzi O_O Icu!
I chuckled when I saw the goats rolling. 11/10
I watched this video, by the time it ended, it had 800+ more views. Quite impressive for both this channel and the obvious anticipation for the game.
so if i die while cooping thatll require a resummon right? also i dont get desyncd after a boss is beaten? and have to get resummoned again?
being someone who has always wanted to break into the soulsbourne games, watching you for a couple weeks now and then seeing the review on this game? i’m gonna try my best and play and finish as many of the previous games as possible and get this game when it comes out, looks awesome dude and thanks for your content man
Bloodborne pvp is the most balanced souls pvp in my opinion. I hated ds pvp. It was always down to the dude that parried every attack vs the ultragreat weapons heavy armored jerks who could go thru any attack and 2 shot you.
How many players on co-op
I can't wait to find patches. I don't know why but I won't kind being kicked down a ditch by him.  He is the only npc I feel genuinely happy to be pushed down a hole by. Is this just me?
I don't even play those kind of games, but your videos are very entertaining :)
I was never good at DarkSouls but I loved how the game played.  This game being even better with added mechanics looks really awesome to me and I can't wait to be able to play it!
This game is a kink.
This is Darksouls 3 2.0. How many animations are thee exact same. Nobody saying its gonna be a bad game its just lasy development & facts.
My friend said this channel had a erotic voice so I subbed
Put simply.... Elden Ring is PERFECTION incarnate.
20:00 I bet you're gonna like Immersive Sims then ;)
Great, informative video. You seem to have a real appreciation and understanding for what you're talking about.
I never got into the souls games, but they always intrigued me, I may pick up this one as I always loved solid open world games.
Shadow tower twist Elden ring has guns
Too many OP items. Crafting system? Eugh. Looks like casual souls is here  I mean, SLEEP ARROWS? Come the hell on.
wish they would introduce some type of clan pvp system
Even it if it was Dark souls 3 part 2, I'm fucking ready. This game is straight nutzoid.
So wow ultimate realism at incredible epic visuals sounds animations ooen world map , multiplayer , epic battle system and gameplaying is Elden Ring ??... Wow that is must play GAME !!!!!!
thats a long back scratcher
the soul ring born games.
Pause at 1:14 and it looks like a real picture.. that’s crazy 😝
I cant wait for this game!!!!!
Damn... so excited now. The wait is long
"Invaders will have it pretty rough." It's funny that this is like the only game series that people care about how invading attackers feel.
It‘d be really cool, if you‘d take on Eternal Ring. It‘s made by FromSoftware as well and I feel like a lot of people are forgetting about it‘s existence at all. It‘s definitely a Souls-Like, Kings Field-Like :)
Thanks so much I love how u did this review. I was rly debating on getting elden ring but im sure i wanna now. Ive played all but bloodborne and after this I'm rly excited for this game. Cant wait to jump on some tall rocks. 😂💙
Your thoughts does not matter
I appreciate the fact that as a solo-player you can't be invaded unless you want to (using that one item), because random invasions have always been something I disliked in games when I am playing solo. Like it's a mechanic that always favours the attacker (person who gears up and is fully prepped with their best PVP gear) while I might just be wandering around trying out some new build specifically for certain areas/enemies, and creates unfair situations where I'm being punished for trying to have fun on my own. But with this new system where they can only invade if you're in Co-Op or using that one item (in which case you actively want PVP) then at least it levels the playing field by creating a scenario where sure the attacker has the advantage of being better equipped/prepared, but you at least have numbers (or you're expecting the fight if you invited them yourself).
Please tell me I can’t get invaded randomly like ds3. I just wanna chill with friends and play the game. I don’t want no life’s destroying me at the start of the game again
Oh boy this is my first time ever, I pre order a video game because of how good it looks man. :D
It looks like ubisoft wants to make ac games like dark souls and this game. Why?!
So it's a Souls game that is closer to Dark Souls just as how BloodBorne, another Souls game, was closer to Demon's Souls. And they added a lot of really epic cool shit.  I had high expectations, but this might have surpassed them.
So. It looks good because it's a fromsoftware game?!? This fanboy trash is ridiculous. 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
I cant wait to spend 100 hours riding a goat.
Spam block R2?
I was skeptical when I saw the preorder pop up on my steam account, but I suppose if this is what the beta was like it'll be an inevitable purchase for me.
As someone who likes to play tank builds, I’m glad poise is back. Tank builds never worked well in DS3 in my opinion. They were to outclassed by the fast weapons. Also glad to see the counter from the block. Shield bro dream
I'm gonna ask the most imporant question for fashiom souls: is female giraffe-neck gone?
Imagine just the network test is better than any game that came out this year
Me: watching video for 5 seconds Descritpion: Elden Ring is good Me: k bye
That sunset at the end looks so good!
Eh. Looks like the horse is mandatory ... but also makes you have certain death if you ever get knocked off. Geeze. What a pain in the butt. Also it is not a horse it is a flipping goat/antelope or anything else you want with HORNS. The character models are no clipping through stuff even worse than earlier games. This is a laughing stock issue in 2021. The grass and leaves need a serious texture update... that is just looking like an alpha version placeholder until the real graphics arrive.. I'd rather go play Shadow of War again...
this is game of the forever for me
Was that bush a monkey?
I  actually kinda hope they allow you to be on horseback whenever you are invaded/invading. Why do you think they have disabled it? My only thought is that  it can make catching the host difficult, but surely they won't be on horseback or running at full speed forever, so that doesn't seem *too* bad.
As someone who enjoyed the souls games PvE but lives in Australia and can almost never kill invaders because of the insane PvP lag, but who ALSO enjoys reading the comments left by other players on nigh unreachable platforms, I will not miss the naked, shiv-wielding, teleporting, back-stabbers, and I support this change. Game looks great so far
Is Yami doing okie? <3
It looks so fucking good 🥺
I think many people share this sentiment, but when I saw the gameplay and what I've seen from other YouTube channels that have shared their network test gameplay, I can very honestly say that this is the kind of game I've always envisioned when I learned about the RPG genre as a kid. Sure there are many great RPGs, in fact, The Elder Scrolls: Morrowind was pretty much the first RPG game I played and completely loved it, but as much as I loved and played that game for many many hours I still felt like something was missing, I also played other games from other genres with RPG elements like the Fable series, or the modern Prince of Persia titles, which are good adventure/platformer games, but Elden Ring truly feels like the greater amalgam of every RPG, adventure and even platformer game to this day. I may come across as very exaggerated, but the more I see from this game the bigger this feeling becomes.
Played every souls/borne games to the point of plat'ing them on PS. Needless to say I had high expectations going into Elden Ring. After playing for the 3 day network test I can say I was not disappointed in the slightest. This fucking game is going to be game of the year for 2022 and if its not shits rigged.
What I'd like to know regarding the co-op is will your progress as a summon count towards your solo progress? Having to run every area twice or more is what made trying to play previous souls games with friends too tedious to really call it a co-op game.
When I first saw this game's gameplay I kept thinking "Iron Pineapple is gonna love this!"
I need to stop watching these videos, its making me want to play Elden Ring so bad and I dont want to wait for 3 months bro
I’m just happy I can hop now.
15:30 Naofumi?
Elden Ring network test is GOTY 2021
24:20 I've played the network test for 12h; and I am very sure it's not going to be my favourite from software game;   Yet I am pretty sure its going to be the best open world game for quite some time
Best new mechanic: Definitely the jump.
The fact you get invaded by force during coop is kind of stupid
Everything about this game feels and looks great... Except it looks too easy..
Tangentially... learn something new everyday
This is Fucking Awesome!!!!!!! Only 3 months and 1 week to go until I get this masterpiece! I will probably never play another game ever again. Until the next fromsoftware release this will be mindblowingly awesome all over again.
People saying the graphics aren't that great.. ARE YOU F'ING BLIND?!?!?! THEYRE PERFECT!!!
judging from what i’ve seen so far i think i’m gonna run a holy knight build, never ran a build before but i’m pretty excited
BOO fast travel. I absolutely hate fast travel. It would be fine if the travel points were VERY limited, like 1 point per map section. This was a big bummer for me in BOTW, even just restricting travel to towers and not shrines would have been a huge improvement. Itll be easy enough to restrict myself from fast traveling, but it's a really lame aspect of open world games.
climb the rock? that basically all of breath of the wild and genshin impact game play XD
AAAAH it looks so good!
Can’t wait for the return of *Giant Dad* 😏
I can't wait to ride into battle with my trusty war goat. Those double jumps makes it look like a goat 😂
Ok but heres the real question, is patches in it though?
getting princess mononoke vibes from the spirits lol
Lol I'm still playing ds1 remastered I'm trying to beat the damn bell gargoyles
Very hyped for this game.  Larger Dark Souls level is an absolute win
Thank you FromSoft for being one of the few triple A companies putting true passion and effort into their games while others shit out uninspired corporate slobs. Your community will be forever grateful, please never change.
10:07 ok thats sick
soulbornesekrio and mount&blade with witcher spice in one game AMAZING. aye how can I test it ?
This game feels like a love letter to Berserk. You can't tell me that tree isn't the World Spiral Tree.
Deym this look sickkk!!!!!
As far as gameplay goes, it's ok, but the horse climbing on obstacles and  the feel of the horse traveling on the  surface within the game feels unnatural, especially when the character is on his horse traveling fast on the ground or jumping from ledges, it has a floating feel to it like the character is riding on a floating vehicle in the shape of a horse.
Looks like FS made the game a lot more noobfriendly... a lot of stuff there making the game looks easy... i hope it ll still be somewhat challenging cuz that s what i liked about the previous games, at least on the first blind playthrough... but i spot a lot of stuff in the video seeming to be overpowered yet pretty easy to use... sleeparrows and guard counter seem to be utterly broken...
The moment i saw the Light that guides you, I knew i was gonna but the game on release.  i stg i’m worse than zoro in directions i’m always lost xD
this game is to easy
This steed ain’t a horse. It’s a goat!
being able to participate in the CNT was one of the BEST experiences I've ever had. I played for 4 of the 5 Sessions and it was freaking amazing! Apparently there's so much I missed even though I thought I saw it all 😂
Hi can you tell me , how it look playing Elden Ring in co-op ??  is the same like in dark soul , or i can stay playing all game with my friend on co-op and we both will be progrsing main quest , or i will need first help him with his mission and them we will need to play on my server and he will need to help me with my mission ? Thank you for you video it is realy great.
That Dragons dogma call out, harsh but fair haha, still LOVED that game, CAPCOM!! NEED A 2 HERE BROS!!
Thank you Dark Souls
Do you think this game would be enjoyable for someone who didn't like the defensive combat of DS but loved Sekiro's?
Ahh the youtubers privilege to play early games MONTHS before release... -_-
Dark Souls Gear: The phantom pain
I wish fromsoft would make a Tenchu game That would be awesome.
Holy sh*t this game looks f*cking awesome. It's like a wet dream come true lol.
second time i watch this video gg. I love u dog
Is another dark souls and people that buy it is as stupid as fifa owners. Goodbye
This looks badass, I hope Witcher 4 can deliever on this level
i think still bloodborne is NUMBER 1
question, did ANYONE attempt to try and swim in the game? or do you still just sink to the bottom like an anchor even if you're not wearing anything with NOTHING equipped?
Hold on.... 8 hours of content? 8? You think that's acceptable? Not in any fathomable way is 8 hours acceptable for any game.  Small DLC should be minimum 20 hours. Main game should be at the very least double that.
oh god not the double lance
IS THAT A JOJO POSE!!!?? JOJo RefERENCE!? take my credit card 19:53
I'm perfectly alright with invasions being disabled by default. Nothing more annoying when you have a life and also want to play video games for an hour or two, no longer will you have to back track due to griefers
the elden ring catacombs look super amazing & makes me less grumpy that demon souls remastered wasnt released on PC
When dark soul and botw have a baby
"the real reason you're here..." Me: nah. Never got into multiplayer.
Thank you Iron Pineapple for doing this review video. Lots of helpful exciting information plus the time stamps help as well. Showed this to my friends and hope From Soft elects you as their ambassador for this game moving forward.
Just another dark souls with jump/horse on new generation console... don't understand the hype.
At least I won't die from high places easily now
This is like darks souls vs botw so good
when it comes to soulsborn imo what they lack in graphics (not that they look bad in the first place) they make up for with content
I prefer open world games that arnt actually that big. Scale wise. It turns me off sometimes when you have to spend loads of time traveling around.im hoping elden ring is, like you suggested, filled with content. Great video. I loved your math at the end. Half of you will be delighted, half of you won't, half of you don't know what I'm talking about 😂
Its kinda upsetting for me that we can't envade player's that easily.  It's almost guarantees that will be a gank scenario almost every invasion.  Also that seems to be like bloodborne, when you invade a solo it's most likely just other people looking for pvp. I didn't play bloodborne when it came out so i didn't play at the time it had most player's and when i played that was the only reason i could find people to invade.
yeah yeah shut up and take my money!
out of all the games coming out. I think Elden Ring will be the best. Im waay too hyped and I wanna play. Too bad the network test isnt on pc
Will this game be pretty much exclusive to coop? The game looks pretty difficult, especially that main boss
Cant wait for speedrunners beat this game in 10 minutes!
Small detail at 5:24 look at the water
Is the demo available?
12:23 BEST NEWS I HAVE  HEARD IN YEARS
Mannnn I wanted to avoid feeling hype leading up to a new game after Cyberpunk and others have let me down, but this just looks too good
is he playing this on ps5 or ps4? feel like itll lag a lot on my old ps4 :/
hmm dark soul 2.2
For someone who’s never played a souls game ; would you recommend this?
"jump button"  SOLD! TAKE MY MONEY!
At 2:35 when you talk about jumping and how it changes game design I thought it was great how well you describe a feature that's existed in 3D video games since Quake like it's revolutionary. 🤣
Horse combat looks so good. Reminds me of Mount & Blade.
Thanks for the thorough analysis! DS1 is by far my favourite FromSoftware game, followed by DS3. I even saw a few combat mechanics that reminded me a bit of Dragon's Dogma, which I feel has the best RPG combat system of any game I've played (albeit I wish it had a stealth option).
this is what New World was supposed to be , can't wait for the release.
whats this? darks souls 4?
How does saving work? Is it like the other games From Software does?
15:29 egg
BUT CAN YOU PUT MESSAGES ON THE GROUND?
Giant enemy crabs
Let's be honest even if it was DS3 Part 2, we would all still play it.
Why do you tubers with no real merit or skill or jobs get insider access to video games I always report videos like this tired of underskilled and underqaulified people showing up in my feed it’s borderline harassment especially after you block them and their garbage lazily made videos still show up in my feed
10:00 egg
Awesome breakdown. I'm new to soul's games and ill get this game. Should be a hit.
Phenomenal video! I have a much better understanding what this game will be like and now I am really hyped!
6:15 thats a berimbau
Im gonna play it but ill have to lower my expectations. After playing the NW test it really feels like Dark Souls rather than a new IP which is disappointing. My playstyle through out all the games except Sekiro and Bloodborne pretty much stayed consistent with this game. Its Dark Souls but more. And while that does sound appealing a new IP needs to feel different and it doesnt really separate itself from other open world games other than its dark souls playstyle. Really hoping the Full Game gives more.
Yeah I never really liked getting randomly invaded when I just wanted to progress in the damn game then suddenly a shirtless person spawns in and kills me cause they can
HAting DS2 is the wrong opinion! ur irhgt
submissive males will never understand the catharcism of climbing a large tower and surveying your domain
Power stance is cool but I’m not a fan of how they kept off hand heavy weapons the same as ds3 holding a big sword like a dagger just looks so awkward
Why you gotta make me hyped like this
Did he say at the beggining of the video that you can finish the whole game and complete all the content in just 8 hours, or did I missunderstood? English is not my first language so it may be that. I'm seriously asking.
Is this game gonna be ok for players who never played a FS game or had a hard time with Dark Souls? I feel like this review might be kind of bias because you love their past games.
I can already see all the videos where people will turn up Duel of Fates and go to town with that double blade.
this game has to be dark souls breath of the wild
Dark soul but open world? We get it soon Monster hunter but open world?? We need that!!!!!
I have never ever played more than a few hours on a souls game. Should I play this?
Tell me this isn't a Playstation exclusive? Please...?
This is looking very very promising. My only issue is multiplayer. I’ve never liked the souls idea on multiplayer, if co-op is designed to be part of the game I just want it to be a simple invite and have the option to not be invaded. I just wanna chill with my friend with no worries and if I die it doesn’t send my friend back to their world. I know I’m the 1% that doesn’t enjoy invading but that’s my opinion.
Same shit (dark souls ) different name !
Holy fuck, Im Hyped!
The people who say that elden ring's graphics are bad are the people who think that graphics are the only thing important in a game.
"Feel free to die in a ditch somewhere" This is genuinely the most honest and helpful guide possibly given. 'Guide' may also be an understatement. This alone is already a full review of Fromsoftware game.
Subbed based on your love for DaS2
This game looks amazing. I am at a loss for words in all honesty
"If you think its just DS3 part 2, it's seriously more than that" I see so its just DS4
I’m so happy that poise is back. It gives you a reason to mix and match armor sets. I remember spending so much time in dks1 trying on different armor pieces trying to hit certain poise break points.
Dark Souls was a game I had never thought about for most of my gaming time. I only got into the series when Dark Souls 3 was out before the Ringed City DLC was released. I haven't had the pleasure of playing demon souls or bloodborne. But it became my favourite series. I mostly play mobas and fps games. It makes me really happy to know that their next game will be amazing as well. There's been so many games that get hyped these days and just end in a flop but from what I have seen and what I have heard Elden Ring looks like it is going to be an absolutely amazing gaming experience.
I can see a lot of people who have never played a souls like picking this game up and enjoying.
It’s really cool to see a company put real effort into there games and not just build amazing graphics and the gameplay is wacky Overall it’s an amazing idea of series with many great storys
The graphics look manageable for my 1650 super and I'm very happy about that
Actually DS III kinda had the "you won't be invaded while playing alone" thingy. Besides covenant areas like Farron swamp or Gank City the amount of times I got invaded without a summon or using dried fingers are super rare.
1/40th of the map😌😌😌😌😌
The open world looks pretty one note compared to the different environments you get to switch between Archstones in demon souls. I wish there were different looking areas too other than the giant tree
Elden Ring = Dark Souls 3.1
I like the fast travel and new magic attacks. The goat that can jump on high terrain and rocks makes traversal more enjoyable.
talking to fast...
Is it interesting to listen to a soft-bodied dude who just says he likes everything and he in love with everything? Where is the real healthy skepticism? The game doesn't look fresh. It doesn't look gloomy. This game does not produce the fresh aesthetic appeal of the Bloodborne or Sekiro. And I don't even want to talk about opponents and bosses. One feels that the ideas have dried up. And open world's  like that was made 10 years ago in some seedy Assassin's Creed or Dragon's Dogma. We loved the first part for its ingenious complexity. The style was consistent - pure dark fantasy. Antique and biblical proportion. No weapon was useless - we went to Gwyn with the Balder Side Sword. Eeverything was in place and new. In the world felt mystery at all levels. And now in this game the endless retextures, animations reuse, impotence of ideas and design. Earlier it was still possible to reconcile. But in 2022 it's already nauseous. I see that everything was as follows: - Mr. Miyazaki-san invented basic concept and the main dramatic conflict. - A covid hit the world. - There is nowhere to go - everything has already been signed up for investors and publishers' PR managers. - In a hurry, they piled old content into the field and everything that was in the archives. - In the end, everything just turned into a comedy. I still laugh with a bear whose body and animations taken from a Sekiro's monkey. Come on, guys. Have you seen how this huge flying dragon fall to death from a small hillock? This is a pure comedy.
I’d like to think elden ring is a fusion of souls, or souls like games,to create a magnum opus
Forced pvp for coop is a deal killer
3:30 skyrim like, elder scrolls like.   people keep pretending breath of the wild did somthing new. it didnt its was cartoon skyrim with alot less content
3:30 when he talked about people commenting about how it didn't look as good as they said it would wasn't them saying it looked bad but that they just lied a bit by showing the game looked better then it did. what is totally fair and a good thing to be mad about since it is still lying to the people buying the game.
I don’t really like souls game since they seemed too linear but this is a game I would probably enjoy
It’s a gaint dark souls level but I love it and I can’t wait till it comes out the combat looks extremely smooth
What are people bitching about the graphics? It looks great.
I like that they are scaling things up with a proper open world, but I worry that the series is leaving behind a bit of its identity. At their core they were Metroidvania with interconnected paths and shortcuts. This feels more like Breath of the Wild with Souls gameplay than a part of the actual Souls-like sub genre.
"As long as youre not in a dungeon  and not in combat, you can fast travel at any time" THE SOUND I MADE WAS UNHOLY UPON HEARING THIS
too bad it's a souls like game, would've been good otherwise
Gotta be honest, I was interested in the game when I heard about it but these days I never really get my hopes up for anything. Surprisingly this game seems to improve on the previous titles in so many ways that I can't sit here and ignore it. Will wait 3-7 days after the release for some gameplay and reviews and might even buy it full price contrary to my shopping rules where I have like 20 games bought for full price and usually they're cheap to begin with.
7:08 Forced premarital handholding to level up, literally unplayable, 18+, -0/10
As a fan of your content, I think it's fair to say that Elden Ring is finally the King's Souls: Bloodbornes Die Twice sequel we were waiting for
Fuck. Yes. It looks incredible! Dark souls and Bloodborne are literally the only games I play and find myself going back to. I’m so happy this is looking like something else I’ll be adding to my favourites
3:40 To the people who say, "Elden Ring looks bad, every blade of grass isn't being effected in real time by wind physics and if I zoom in, the grass isn't 1000% realistic" ... Please just go away... You people know nothing about game design, you have garbage taste, and are a plague on the games industry by constantly rewarding bland games like Call of Duty for no other reason than, "DUUUUUH GRAPHICS" and "DUUUUH SAME GENERIC GAMEPLAY EVERY YEAR." Please follow the instructions at 4:02 ...
Found you through Peeve and Oro, so happy I did. Another great souls content creator 🤯
idk why but the moment you started speaking my mind just made my hand subscribe and like the video
ho, Dark souls 3 with a horse heh ?  let's go back to Nioh
4:10 MY NAME IS GYOUBU MASATAKA ONIWA
Amazing review! Keep it up :)
so....its a souls game....still dont care, these games have the laziest lore and storytelling ive ever seen in an RPG....
So very excited to play this game when it comes out. Happy to play it beside everyone else before people find all the secrets and etc.
What do you mean when you say if you play this game "There is a solid 8 hours of content" ?
For anyone who's played the network test; how viable would a 'Ranger' build be? Using a bow as your primary weapon.
correct me if im wrong but did I hear that the horse is disabled in co-op? What would be the point of this???
By far THE most important thing regarding ANY multiplayer game: Is the NETCODE fixed? Is the lag still so terrible?
They stole the crabs straight outta DS3.
Yeah ok all very cool but why is no one even talking about the rolling goats????
When I was a kid my main criteria to judge whether or not a game was good was: is there a jump button?  to this day -- unironically, it's one of the main components for me.
Thank you, I like Dark souls 2 as well haha
How brutally difficult is this game I like a good challenge but that's going to be a problem for me I know from soft and I really want to play this but if it's anything like their other games there's no way
yeah, there's no horse fall dammage
Is that the real peeve "peeverson" peeverson ?
9:11Swear to God the way that Horse Climbs up anything vertical, he has to be parrt Goat 🐐
Blood weapons 🥲 I’m in love I swear if we can jump in the air like lady maira in this game I’m cry 😭😭😭🥰🥰🥰🥰
video summarized by 00:32
This looks like everything I was hoping for
First game since halo 3 where I’ve actually felt really optimistic for, I’m excited to play it. It’s been so long since I’ve had a game I really wanted to play
No one:  Miyazaki: HORSE AIR JUMP PADS
This was a good video until you said that disliking DS2 was the wrong opinion. 0/10 video. Blocked, disliked, reported, and DDoSed.
Yeah, double jumping to the top of pointless structures with a horse sounds really dumb to me. I guess I just don't like From games.
I agree with the criticism of the visuals. With so much awesome Ray Tracing these days this game just looks so flat. Great art direction but outdated graphics.
Didn't know about the guard counter, Power Stancing (FUCK YEEEEAH!!!!), barehand kick, and the no combo confirm. Combat is gonna be fuckin' sick, and I think the lack of a combo confirm is gonna lead people to ACTUALLY USE THEIR KIT instead of playing R1-Simulator. Gonna seriously enjoy winding down after a hard day's work of 'sploring with a fight club or two.
I saw so many people complaining about this being open world dark souls with a few extra things pulled from other games and I personally don't understand what's so bad about this. This game is literally improved dark souls and I enjoyed all three dark souls games very much. I think people were expecting something different kind of like how sekiro was souls like but its own thing. while there is nothing wrong with that I can not help but get excited about Elden ring for what it is. Open World Dark Souls.... do people just not realize how FUCKING AWESOME THAT SOUNDS JUST TO SAY THAT OUT LOUD!!!!! lol
Man they brought the horse mountain jumping from Skyrim!
(kick) “Welcome to death loop.”
It is WAY TOO OPEN of an open world  ! The beauty of the SoulsBourne level design is gone ! And it's empty  ! Shadow of the Colossus empty . Big nerf on fall damage . And then there's the horse ....cool but not worth the trade, not by a longshot.  I do like strength as the equipment load stat and I hate DeX as the fall damage negating stat do to the already present nerf.  I hope they at least populate the open areas better by release and these dungeons had better be greatness or this thing is getting set next to Dark Souls  2 as the bad game . Disappointing.
Coop looks good, but not having a horse seems like a pain.
absolutely incredible I'm hyped af
7:54 *casually murders innocent wildlife*
Souls of the Wild? Breath of the Souls? Sounds good to me!
Some of the people in these comments need to use their ears
Well, gosh darn you. I saw From's 15-minute demo and was underwhelmed, thinking, "Egh, I'll skip this game till it's like $30." After seeing this video...man. Now I gotta buy it sooner.
I'm just glad to see that the crabs are back.
kinda reminds me of Gothic, where the map is not huge, but it is filled with variety
You sound like Tony Hawk 🤣  Great video 👍
I don't get why people are saying this is dark souls 3 part 2 as if it was a bad thing
I think they could’ve done better than these 2014 graphics
So glad to not be forced into pvp now. It's optional so now when I feel the urge I'll do it. But just the other day in DS3 I got invaded by the same guy 3 times in a row. And you could tell that he was one of those people that did nothing but play pvp all day. He was OP and annoying, luckily I was OP as well so I beat all 3 times in the end. But for the next 3 hours I was just harassed by this dude and I wanted no part in it. Honestly I got so mad I sent him an angry message telling him to piss off. He said he has no control over who he invades, I don't know how that works and don't care. I shouldn't be forced to play against people like that.
This made me even more excited for Elden Ring. February isn't too far away... right?
lmao "if youre trying to do everything" Its not even out, why would that even be a goal?  You THAT excited to do it ALL OVER AGAIN?! Not me.  I have this crazy thing called patience.
DS1 POISE LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
I've always hated the invasion system. I just want to play co-op without some high level jerk invading and wiping the floor with me...  i know someone's going to say "git gud.." to that.. i say fuck you.
Its amazing all the content this beta has, I cant imagine how big is the full game
The only way this game can disappoint me is if they didnt have the Moonlight Sword
My only caviat is that there are still no smart way to swap spell in combat. It'd be very nice to have some sort of wheel in which we can assign spells so that we don't have to press up 5 times in a row just to get to the next spell needed.
I can tell I'm goin to sink a ton of hours into this.
I hope the PC version has more shadows and graphics options than what we're seeing now. The game looks good but very flat and bright.
i've never been a big fan of the dark souls games, but MAN if this doesn't look sexy. idk exactly which part of it really scratches that tiny spot deep inside my heart, but it's there dude. it's there
The network test only covers a sliver of the whole thing. Holy hell..
No jump montage?
Now once they get the DLC done they can start on Armored Core 6.
This game goes so hard. Feel free to die in a ditch somewhere
'States of Murica'
this video makes me want to pre order so bad, but I've been betrayed too many times.
Its gonna be a good game. Just dont need a ps5 for it and thats such a big miss. Its a complete different game but everything feels and looks like darksouls. Where is the creativity? Going open world is not a selling point to me but more a popular trend. Turning slowly into developers like far cry or cod, re using assets without much innovation. Thankfully for fromsoft and their talented developers to keep making incredible games. Just wished for something more instead of just open world and last gen grafics.
8 hours of content if you do everything?
This is literally Dark Souls
It’s another boring hit dodge combat dark souls game
Goat...
Still not as good of a combat sekiro had. So sekiro is still my favorite.
thank god you know dragon's dogma too.
I Love this Game 💙💙💙
Like a genshin, but for chad.
+
16:28 trace on?
3:47 the fact that it looks like that being as BIG as that map is already crazy  also people complaining about the ds3 animations are not the smartest, like, one thing is being mad with gamefreak for re using tilo's animation from the 3ds to the switch, importing... the bitmaps or the raw model from sun and moon to S&S something of that sort I don't remember, the tree that looked like the tree from ocarina of time, still being grid based like every other pokemon game despite botw being a launch title, etc. all of that is not comparable with this and pretending like it is is pretty dumb, the animations are perfectly serviceable and so they kept them to focus on other stuff
3:33 and just as in breath of the wild I didn't went to where the game prompted me to, luckily I hadn't to fend myself with sticks, again  seriously they captured that feeling of "I'm going there" and you realize 2 hours later that you got distracted with stuff to check every time you moved the camara a little
Awesome! The sad is that i have to wait 3 months
Always quality content from my guy
I laughed so hard when you said the pvp meta discussion was the real reason I was here. I hated pvp in Ds3 and just viewed it as a nuisance in an otherwise enjoyable single player rpg.
Speedruns gonna be insane on this
NPC: "Feel free to go off and die in a ditch somewhere" Gen z: Yes please!
This game may be the last game I ever play. It seems like it will be one of the “once in a decade” great games. Seems like a good place to retire.
Giant Dad Comeback?
anyone else's eyes immediately zero in on the cave in the background at 9:21 ?
I'm having trouble separating QOL changes and making the game easier. He mentioned how it's "less frustrating" in some aspects and I don't want a dark souls for babies. I want it to be hard.
1:45 well there goes everyone’s hopes of a no hit elden rings play through…
If they don't have ultra great weapons a part of my soul will die
2 questions  1. Is this on PS4 as well  I was disappointed when demon souls was not on Ps4 idk why  because nobody owns the Ps5 it's  impossible to get one.   2. Is PvP optional now rather than forceful because I want to play with friends, but I don't want to be invaded.
I'm saying it right now: Elden ring is the 2nd fun souls game
Im in love with this game and i cant imagine how good the lore and dlcs will be
this game looks amazing is definitely my most wanted game of the next year or couple years
letting content creators do these reviews of their demo is a genius move from their marketing.  i'm super hyped about this game.
this looks like a genshin impact rip off
game looks well (720p vid) sounds good im just worried about the launch since many games suffer launch issues this year
I can't wait to make my character look like the one from the box art
Is it going to be ps and pc only or xbox as well?
How are the shields? I hope they are not as dumb OP as they were in DS1 and DS3.
They better make sure areas are cheese-proof now that there's a jump
Will this be on xbox one x?or series only????also this is darksouls 4 hee
this is what happens when you put time, love, care, and appreciation in your games. It's like cookies made with love.
I'm sold
They can straight up release the same game every time and you Dark Souls dumb dumbs would still praise it lmao
Unless this is justified with lore or through game dialogue, I want to make a remark: The grace's golden ray is extra-diegetic, not diagetic - the same way "∆ interact" isn't seen by the character we control but rather it's there for the player that's in control.
The best video I've seen on this game.
"If anyone says this is just DS3 combat, they're correct" mostly, all the melee in ER looks slower and more methodical ala the older Souls games
👍👍👍
The only part I didn't like was the invader being able to escape. As a gank spanker, the harder the game stacks against the invader, the more satisfying and fun it is to spank a gank. And of course, not being able to invade single hosts. I liked destroying blue sentinels that joined in
Looks very good!
Everyone needs to stop saying 'let's go'. Stupid,childish, lame, has been, idiotic term.
Finally a true successor to Roach
just started playing dragons dogma and the callout made me pause lol
21:21 That is anime-level timing.
imagine being a nintendo fan, supporting their systems that have been behind the times since the WII and are always too focused on console gimmicks, and trying to badmouth a fromsoft game.  Nintendo fans always seem to jealous of everyone else.  I get it, you have zelda and mario x1000000 and nothing else.  That's not our fault.
1k people died on the tutorial boss of the original demon's souls and just lurk videos to show how butthurt they still are all these years later.
Another soul game
Time for crab.
oh no... the crabs again!
Game of the year! I guarantee
a horse? its a damn goat.... a cool one
The respawn statues, horse movement, and infinite non-combat sprinting look to fix my biggest gripe with other fromsoft games. I love challenging boss fights but hate the monotonous "slowly fight or slowly run past a bunch of trash mobs"  Being able to really get stuck in a boss fight and stay in that zone looks to be really cool
DS1 poise makes me happy!
Of all the videos I've watched recently on Elden Ring,  yours is the best 👌
POISE IS BACK BOYYYYSSSS!!!! HELL YEAAAAAH!!!!
Imagine spending half an hour talking about Elden Ring and not even talking about the most crucial game system - FASHION SOULS. Be better, Platinum Papaya.
"Don't ignore these. They'll be real good in the full game." The full game: 15 sleep arrows available in the entire game
The most important question though, will it have proper PC controls?
Wait, _Melena?_ Like the evil smelling slimy black tar shit people have with GI bleeds? Bruh
Best part was the turtles that shit gold
I hope they're paying you because you just made me want to buy this game 💵💸
7:42 “Equipment burden is now tied to STR”   That alone is enough of a reason for me to buy this game.
Is this the return of Helicopter Man?
There is actually a location you can really only find by jumping up some ruins with your horse then double jumping into the area, it's a small cellar sort of thing and a boss is there.
Oh lord you just blessed my soul. Im so much more excited now
god i'm excited for this game
the one Souls game to rule them all to bring them all together...the one souls game no one can hate
time to hibernate till release
Thanks for the reassurance that this is so far something to look forward to!   For my own sake though, I'm sorry I'm not going to watch the whole video. I love going through these kind of games completely blind and figuring things out.
I'm sold.
Dense I a word I think you should always relate From with. Their environments, lore, outfit details, random dialogue etc. Everything has meaning and allows you to dive deeper. Open world's can be Soo empty and boring and it's good to hear they've done it right. It's why I actually preferred moreso linear experiences or ones that are like a mix like God of War or FFXIII
BRUH, dark souls 2 had the best dark souls PVP, so the fact its in this game is HYPE.
that boss has a tail, anyone tried to chop it off yet ?
When summoning for online coop, was your summoned teammate able to replenish flasks/health/potions without having to die and be re summoned? Would love for that to be the case. Ds3 coop was great but it was more like summoning a perishable tool and less like coop when pve. Love the vid, I’m so excited!!
Ps5 getting anything worth playing is always a win. Maybe i'll dust mine off.
yes
"Even if you hate Dark Souls 2- which is the wrong opinion by the way-"   THANK YOU IRON PINEAPPLE FOR TELLING IT LIKE IT IS!!!
This game looks so promising. Personally, i don't play fromsoftware games in general because there are some things i'm kinda uncomfortable with, like not finding the way, getting lost or having to walk all the way from a bonfire to the boss after being defeated. So, apart from a lot of new mechanics that make me want to play so much, i find it really user friendly, i feel like i will finally enjoy one of these games, i'm looking forward to it.
I had no idea this was a dark souls game.
What about the story?
How many hours are there in this game?
I love that you took every doubt I had about this game and reassured me that it will be amazing. ITS A FROMSOFT GAME FFS OFC ITS GOING TO BE GOOD!!!!
Hol up 8 hours of content in a demo?
magic not bad? Poggers
Your so excited I love it
did you come across any anime type sword skills? like ichigos getsugatensho or something similar, weird question i know
I’m lowkey upset I played the closed beta because I want this game so bad now. Jumping is a literal game changer and double jumping had me screeching. Combat feels perfect. I can’t state enough how despite this game not having the jankiness of previous souls games it still feels so true but fluid to the style I’ve come to love. I wasted more time experimenting with harassing giants and crabs than anything but just soloing this beta as it is was such a treat. I feel like a kid again playing this.
played the test ended up pvping my last time slot ran out of stuff to do but I loved my experience with the game the world is amazing I love how we only got a small fraction of it as well I can't wait to get lost in this game for months.
thought it was 6 hours?
This game looks like it has a massive relation to bloodborne when it comes to the art/graphics style (not the gothic style in Bloodborne though) and I absolutely love it!
What’s the point of an open world game that doesn’t reward exploration?
honestly i completely missed falling down the tutorial hole at the beginning. I mean why the fuck would my first reaction be is to jump off a cliff? when there's a big staircase to my left. but apparently i was the only one? strange.
Most importantly, is the damn frame rate unlocked, especially on PC?
Im wondering if you'll be able to find different mounts, or be able to customize torrent in some sort of way. Maybe get some sort of add-ons for him that boosts stats. Make him faster, give him more armor/health.
I look at this and i just can't wait to have that stuff in VR. It's not necessary to make it have all the builds and weapons. Just a simple VR class with a sword and shiled to let me enjoy this world and have a fun challenge in VR.
Jumping simulator 2022
Jesus. I need this game about right fucking now 😪🥳 can’t wait fam
I hope they add the whole cut the tail to get a hidden weapon mechanic. It's not a big detail in the souls games however it's one of my favorites
well. DS 1 still on top. but we'll see how this fares.
Can’t wait for my thorn armor double twinblade build called edgelord
Hi, I'm a newbie when it comes to soulslike games. Do you think Elden Ring is going to be newbie friendly ?
GOTY
finally we will have decent magic skills
That forced drop in the tutorial would have fucking killed you in dark souls 2. That IS them encouraged exploration in the open world.
6:45 just gotta say, I do not think that should be the standard for any open world game. I for one enjoy the idea that at the start of an exploration you are limited in speed and amount of stamina, and as you explore and get stronger, you get more stamina, or ways to explore like horses or cars. I'm not upset that eldin ring has infinit stamina, but by no means should that be the standard
I hope there's cross platform support. My friend plays pc but I play Xbox one :(
Great video. This game looks like a lot of fun. Shame it was interrupted by some jumped up twat trying to get me to download a trading app multiple times.
I know it's supposed to be a separate game, but wouldn't it be awesome to reach the end of Elden Ring and find out that it's the beginning of Dark Souls.
They should explore the idea of the Dried Finger item giving people more souls from enemies or something as a trade-off for encouraging invasions.
I think a boss gives a quote about the night, which to me, shows they will have different enemies or powered variations of bosses. We’ll see 😳
De-saturated faded colors, 16 by 9 only,  60 fps locked. Yeah, definitely From Software. No thanks. I modded Sekiro to a beautiful game that I'm proud of through all my 56+ plays, it was indeed Game of the Year. But I will never get any other game from those who refuse to adapt and just give you more of the same. So yeah, no thank you.
Spirits just seem like the “easy mode” people wanted
That horse came straight out of skyrim.
Even if it was going to be DS3 it would have been better than 99% of games. I seriously can’t want to jump into this game.
DID THAT LION HAVE A FUCKING SWORD ARM?!!
Dark souls 4 my good Sir ALRDY PRE ORDERD TIME FOR PLATNUM 😂
I dont think my body is ready for all souls content creators to rise once again.
Snake Shield bringing Shield Hero vibes
Probably not gonna touch the online side even for a minute.
My buddy got 9 hours of testing and said it might be Froms best game yet. Better than BB better than DS3. He said it's fucking phenomenal
twinbladdessssss
Seems like From Software pulled a CDPR and succesfully managed to morph their already working assets into open world genre. Hopefully they wont cyperpunk it next :|
ehhhh never been a dark souls fan sadge
Great video for three minutes I watched. Had to go throw up when you said Sekiro the way you did. I'm back to finish the video.
Those weapon arts will give us so many cosplay options XD Awesome :D
8 hours in just the tests right? Not the whole game?
I wonder how this will run on PS4.
Fromsoft did it again, this game will be fucking amazing, my only concern is how many dlc they will release cause if it’s only one like blood borne I WILL CRY   Game hasn’t even released yet and I already want more
If i'm bad at dodging, is this game for me?
DUDE, AT 24:21, THAT WAS ME!!
This could be, no joke, the best game ever made. And another move from From Soft… Bloodborne 2 💪💪💪
"ecksettera"..
watched the first 20 seconds then stoped cause im hyped for february and dont want any spoilers^^
Is there co op campaign
"my thoughts" aaand you loved it, everybody loves it. nobody raises an eyebrow about reused animations, repainted enemys, reused items. you wanted a ds3 openworld you get a ds3 open world, so dont complain when the hypefog supside
Great vid man
The greatness of a game as an artistic masterpiece.
love your video
No invaders during solo Gameplay thank you FromSoftwear finally I wont be harassed by some dickhead that Has to muchtime on his hand .
Finaly Dark Souls II 2
They gave people alot of info with this tbh
Can it be played with keyboard and mouse?
22:05 I am part of the third half.
Does anyone know if these guys are being made to do disgusting crunch time here? Cause if they are NOT, then I'll hard pre-order just for that. This is exactly the kind of game and development we should be supporting if it'd being done right by the devs as well as being done right by the customer. From Soft and Supergiant two of the best crews since CDPR shat their life out.
Seeing the promise of next gen consoles advertising being reduced to a year's long incremental dark souls boner is depressing AF
That first main boss was such a tough fight but found a somewhat decent way to cheese him after a few attempts. Basically my build was full faith and I went out of my way to go grab the Dragon pyro. Once inside the boss room I summoned out the trio of wolves so they would get his attention and since the wolves are so quick they would keep dodging his attacks and I would just spam the Dragon Breath on him till he died. But holy hell was he ridiculous the first time I went into that room. I can not wait to see what other bosses we get in this game because the fact that they gave us 13 "bosses" (enemies with actual on screen names and health bars) is just crazy.
Whatever you do fam, do not sort by new, you'll regret it
Dude idk for gameplay cuzz ofc i didnt play it yet but it looks more clunky than Sekiro for some reason. still cant wait to play the game
I'm just here appreciating that you give us a tldr right at the start and still put so much effort in the video, that most will watch till the end - Good Job! :)
The lightning casting animation from a weapon. Are we able to elden fashion as the nameless one ?
Man, I really fell bad for every other game releasing in 2022.....
Cool you got to co-op with Suzi.
Copper Analberry
A new game that isnt shit holy shit°!!!
8 hours of content? What
Im hearing people starting to say is breath of the wild dark souls,  which sounds dumb but is it true?
I will mention that the fall that hurts you I like it shows how far you can falll without dying
Ok, but does it improve on the clunky, janky, and quite honestly, ass-cheeks Darksouls combat? Edit: So kind of, but not as much as I would've hoped.  I was sort of hoping combat would be as fast as Sekiro or Bloodborne, and while there are new moves, I think most of them won't add anything other than visual flair.
Horses from Skyrim: Finally, a worthy opponent.
Some quick build concepts based off of some things I saw in this video 1. Assassin/predator (it'll be more fun now as an invader). Abuse the new invader mechanics to stalk the host. Use the fingers to disengage and pick off the summons. 2. Shield breaker/turtle hunter (think parry king, but to pull turtles outta their shells). Bare handed weapon art to help break them out of their shells and a high damage reposte weapon (chaos dagger type idea -__-). Punishing turtling hosts/invaders/anyone really. 3. Support/healer (seems like rpg roles will be better in this game). Just have fun with your friends mostly. It seems like it'll be a lot more enjoyable than it already was :D 4. The Range King of Running. Other players may just call you a pussy, but you're really a strategest (or coward idk). Using spells and bows primarily make use of the escape tools at your disposal to keep your distance from your enemies and only take fights on your own terms. Something like this might help more casual players or just new souls players to have a better time with what will likely be a very difficult game.
So what you're saying is, I should pre-order. Got it, thank you.
Dragon tail wepons???
Why you cant use horse when coop? It would be cool to ride along with a friend
you telling me this open world isn't all empty!? Finally, value to exploring . excited to see all the different types of weapons and move sets, magic, and combinations possible.
This game looks beautiful especially effects wise  Idc what people say
Hi sir Iron Pineapple, do you mind if I ask is the game locked at 60 fps ? thanks sir
"Looking at you, Dragon's Dogma"   I felt that in my lungs.
Bloody wolf 🐺 is so hilariously cooler than the others. I hope they change the other types starting look 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼. Otherwise we’re gonna have a bunch of bloody wolves running around!
Aaaaand still not a single person mentions this game' s negatives. DS2 days all over again..
9:14 "Was there ever anything there? No. Does it matter? No." Cracked me up, reminds me of Oversimplified's cadence and sense of humor
i saw another Gameplay and i first thought is that Elden Ring 1 i dont know shit btw xD i thought its so bad now im relived because this Video looks way better..
I still haven't even play Demon Souls PS5 because It's still impossible for me to get a PS5...
Can't believe I watched the whole thing. That's some good shit
How? It aint out yet
Peeve cameo 23:23
arts cost too little for how good they are, large creatures are easy cheeze farm if you have height. and aside from that i got no complaints.
How many people can you co-op with? I have two other friends. Would be nice to do 3 people co-op
Me who hasn't watch the video: is it hard? (Hopefully)
is there any information about cross play? i have it on ps5 and would love to play this multiplayer with my brothers on pc :(
Atleast I won’t have to ask “how long is the run back” now
Why can’t they get past this soap stone bullshit. Why can’t your friend just connect, remnant from the ashes a souls clone is 1 button press and boom ffs.  I was really hoping for them to evolve and not go back to that archaic system. I know coop isn’t necessarily there focus, but it’s giving me ptsd for the 5 minute connection time, having to watch an animation of myself place this dumb sign in a specific place and annoyance of having to collect an item to connect to my friend present in every souls game. And btw, as someone who doesn’t participate or actively want the annoyance of having people invade my coop session, really annoying they went back to the invading system of old. I can no longer suicide to get rid of the invading pests, cus they can just use a phantom fingerover and over again. Ugh.
My only complaint with it is you can’t sheath your weapon, dark souls 3 was the same way but for some reason that small detail bothers me, it still looks like an awesome game though.
im dissapointed you didnt explain the different type of classes and their unique features. lame.
Please, please tell me they brought back the OP Caestus, nothing beats the feeling of crushing a Dragon with your (almost) bare hands
Time to upgrade my ram just to play this
This is what eso wanted to be😂
Game looks good and I love the art design still feel like the graphics feel a bit outdated doesn’t ruin the gameplay tho
Oh God no... can you imagine the cursed challenge runs coming? No kill runs, sleep arrows only... horse only...
Joy flows from mine eyes at this beautiful spectacle. Oh may Fromsoft be ever blessed by the Algorithm for this!
Shame it's not ready for Xmas
Just followed your account. Video is great but what sealed the deal is that not everyone gets that primal urge to climb stuff in a game. And I appreciate that you do lol
Who are you?
15:30 Naofumi snake shield Totally gotta get elden ring when I can
This game looks cool, but I will have to hold off until I get an upgrade on my GTX 1070 to play it
GOTY
This gone be a day 1 buy for me babeh
Man they just keep making better and better games
For me to live up to the hype it has to nail the storytelling, which is infinite times harder in an open world. So far what I saw in the network test this sucked badly. We even got the most important item just by resting at a bonfire and talking to a woman for christ sake. 😞
This is toooooo much for me I feel old. Nowadays games are advancing too much.
Thank you for your awesome video! This gets me so excited to play this game!! I'm almost shaking from excitement. LOL
How will this game look on pc?
personally though i really like the limitation on solo invasion.   i enjoy pvp in DS quite a bit but it was really annoying when i was in areas that gave me trouble and i needed to hide or fight some dick for god knows how long every 2 minutes. i had to play with my internet disabled in some areas just to get through them normally because of the massive amounts of invaders sometimes.
it looks like Shadow of the Colossus and Dark Souls 3 had a baby. those are literally two of my all time favorite games. i realllly cant wait to try this out!
Actually i was pretty concerned when i found out it's open world, but now im just in love
Great art direction is no excuse for those low-res textures and weird animations. It looks worse than The Witcher 3, a game from 2015
I had some worries but watching this video seeing everything being addressed I can see that my worries have not come true and I can't wait to give fromsoft all my money for this game
Skyrim's mudcrabs make a guest appearance.
Hahaha 8 hours of content to complete everything? Are you crazy. People have spent 70 hours and not completed everything. Your a joke or you don’t know what your talking about when it comes to these games.
I think the initial fall into the tutorial is actually encouraging and helpful. The fact that it damages you let's you know it wasn't just a fluke leap. It tells you you can will be damaged by falls, gives you an idea of what damage to expect from said height and let's veterans know it isn't lethal as it would have been from previous titles.
Everything I've seen so far looks awesome and getting super giddy for the game myself, its an open world dark souls, poise is bk, power arts are bk (the only good thing about dark souls 2 imo yes yes I rly don't like DS2 sry IP...) the entire game just looks awesome and seeing how it's combining midevil and Norse mythos/fantasy 2 of my more favorite cultures in history I'm probably going 2 wall myself in and hide away for a while when it releases xD
Just here looking for the people mad about the full game being 8 hours from Pineapples twitter :)
I swore that I would never do this but this looks so fucking good.  I'm going to actually pre-purchase this game. Fuck it.
Why can't a game just be single player... smh...
This coverage is head and shoulders over the other ones. No other video I saw went into this kind of detail. The mounted combat charged attacks are so cool.
Ohhhh is this the new skyrim 20th anniversary edition with highres darksouls mod? Hahahaha
breath of the soul
What do you do against someone holding a shield if they can counter attack by just blocking? Does it need to be properly timed? I couldn't really tell from the explanation
They better have an an utra greatsword, I MISS THE POWER STANCE WHILE WIELDING 2 ULTRA GREATSWORDS FROM DARK SOULS 2!!!! I KILLED SO MANY THINGS!!!!
Never played any of the other games, but I might try this one
I'm so glad that Equipment load is based off of Strength now and not Endurance. It used to be a pain to level up STR builds because you had to double up on resources in order to wear heavier stuff. Using STR encourages Strength builds to wear heavier armor and stand their ground when fighting.
when i see how the character model moves just like dark souls characters it makes me cringe.
All I got from this video was Giant Dad build.
It always bum me out that there isn't much love for Armored Core compared to the Soul games.  But you know what, I'm fine with that cause the Souls series is good in general, so I hope the fans get a kick out of Elden Ring.
🐎 JUMP PAdS😳
You got all this info from 30 hours? Game doesn't seem very deep. You're probably already bored of it lol.
lol best enemy and environment designs ever seen
Why is anyone comparing the release of this to the release of Cyberpunk? This is Fromsoft. Fuck sake. Have they made a bad game yet?
I wont watch everything, since i wanna go mostly blind. About graphics not being on par with other games, which might be true, but 1  area from the last 3 FS games has more deliberate detail than an entire Assassins Creed or Far Cry game. Its phenomenal that they make everything so immersive and so carefully crafted, cant wait to see how much that still stands for this open world.
10:50 I love the Just Cause series, but man he pretty much summed up everything that's wrong with the game lol
People who hate on the Elden Ring gameplay reveal trailer: so uhhh the focused too much on the graphics and copied off of dark souls 3 attacks  Chads: AYO DARK SOULS 4
this is Skyrim 7
17:25 i had the double KO situation too but noticed that locks you out from getting any runes from the boss :(
For me the 1 hit max and the ds1 style poise is a step backwards, also the fact that you cant do backstabs at all is pretty bad, ds3 had it good, if you were good you could get a backstab during combat, but you needed timing and precicion, here it just seems completerly impossible unless your enemy is standing completely still. So im really hoping they tune it abit, opening upp for some combos, and a backstab on enemies that are in recovery frames or atleast walking slowly. Not to mention the ds1 style poise is so odd, with ds3 it made sense cause you would have momentum with your weapon swing, and the bigger the weapon the more momentum, and harder to stagger. but in ds 1 you can get wacked with a greatsword and not flich.....
thx alot.
Closest thing to dragons dogma we gonna get😂
This is the review iv been waiting for to make my mind up about pre order... i hope really it wont be another cyberpunk
why are the dislikes hidden?
15:33 shield hero cosplay maybe?? possible?
might give this a try just to sate my hunger for dd2 for a while
Did he say that NPCs name is Melana? That's bloody poop 😧
hello iron pineapple, are you still reading these comments?
sooo, what about the story? or is it just about killing monsters? If so its a waste of time......
It took me till the end before realizing, that I had seen some of the co-op from this only through Sphere Hunters perspective lol
Skyrim horse < Elden Horse LMFAO I still love shadowmere
5 minutes into the game and I get told that I have no bitches and to kms, 10/10 goty
Using an item to receive invasions, by default its not possible to invade someone? GG fromsoft, you dont understand the word INVASION. I wanna INVADE people that didnt prepare for me, not someone who basically used a PvP sign because he wants a fight. Extremely bad decision by from.
Please FROM implement an option for doing co-op and NOT being invaded. I really always wanted to play coop in souls with my friend but neither of us like PVP and it was so frustrating getting invaded.
I thought its going to be something like skyrim... disapointed.. :/
you so remind me of the sphere hunter, you talk in a similar way.
Power stance being back, STR determining equip load, a jump button, the return of poise, more offensive miracles....... goddamn my dick can only praise the sun so hard. Catch me dual wielding this games equivalent to dragon teeth on free cam running these fight clubs for every last soul they can spare.
Dark Souls II is complete garbage, stop trying to defend it. Really pisses me off to hear it's the "wrong opinion" when the game is objectively shit.
Colour me hyped then, a good game!
darksouls sheep?!
do we have any idea what the pc specs will be for this title
I’m really hoping we get some crafting items that resortes FP. Ds2 gave us the Herbs that restored Spells and I’m hoping we get to have something more than an Ashen Estus Flask. Other than that, this looks amazing
You didnt even pay for this game.
Wow finally a decent dragon transformation.In ds3 they give us such a crappy one the only thought  after you acquire one was ‘well another one goes to the storage’.I hope they dont screw damage output of this one.
Your jump should be reduced by how heavy your armor is or something though I hope.
That tree of light, reminds me of the dead corpse of ganeshka in beserk
This no solo invasion will be terrible towards the end of the game's life cycle.
Seeing how expensive gpus are i dont care if the game looks bad for next gen i just want my 1050 to handle it at 60 fps minimum
"Man this game is just good". Best thing to say for a game.
I really hope it will be good
sounds like some one got good money for that video...
No... no more gankers? Holy sh!t, I might actually want to play this online. I'm speechless XD
There was a tutorial cave?? Damm I missed that lmao
20:50 I like the idea of an invader being able to suddenly leave when the going gets tough. The anticipation of the next encounter is just like Pyramid Head from Silent Hill 2 or Nemesis from Resident Evil 3 and I love it.
First thing I will do is turn off multiplayer.
6:13 I think that’s just santa
This feel like sekiro and darksouls 3 had a baby and I LOVE it!
No way power stancing is back. Oh my god
The strength being the only way to level your weight is one of the best decisions From has made, now we won't have murky scythe users in full Havel at sl90. Seriously, this has changed literally everything.
Giant Dads rejoice !
Okay this video sold me on it I think
That'd be cool if you could co op invade someone with buddies
What's the max number of invaders there can be??
i would love to play this game, but on pc with mouse and keyboard... unfortunately, i am pretty sure that this will be playable only with a controller and useless with m&k
The horse riding first optional boss... flashbacks to GYOUBOU MASATAKA ONIWAAA
as i suspected looks like fromsofts take on breath of the wild with a bit of sekiro thrown in. looks super easy
Being invaded by  lvl 999 players while trying to play with friends was the worst part of Dark Souls. I hate that they kept this. That finger item is going to ruin it even more.
1:48 I actually think that this is a pretty good way of communicating to the player that they can fall a good distance without dying, but that there is still fall damage. A fall like that would be an instakill in the souls games so by forcing the player to take that plunge first thing it may help to dispel some of the players fear around long drops and encourage them to explore and take more risks.
I haven't been actually excited for a game to come out since ds3. Can't wait for Elden Ring
Where muh Armored Core, FromSoftware.  Guess I have to settle for Elden Ring.
F graphics. They're holding creativity hostage at this point imo.
"Where's the faith build old man?"  "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHH..."
"It's a horse"  "It's a donkey"  Iron pineapple: "It's a wall climbing goat"  Ok, you win.
Best explanation what’s new and going on in elden I’v Seen on yt. Great job Man, U got my sub.
is this basically Dark Souls?
19:20 in case anyone hasn't found it yet, there's an optional boss encounter that only appears at night on one of the bridges out in the open world
I played the test, so hyped for the full game
Faith build eh.. ... ... ...  (Dramatic pipe organ starts playing) MY FAITH IS MY SHEILD!
The magic in this looks....damn...gonna role a caster for first character February 25th! Anyone else ??
thx for that,at the and of the video i know how you speak so fast^^ It gives some too tell.
Can't wait to spend days in my room never leaving in order to plat this game.
I have never seen another game with so many ways to do combat.
5:40 Thought it said Hoe vanquished.
Fromsoft never disappoints
Do they nerf your damage in coop?
Can you give a rating on the armor and weapon design?
POWER STANCE!!! That is all, thank you for your time.
What worries me about the open-world nature of this game is that it inherently kills much of the tension that previous soulsborne games had. In previous titles, to progress through the level you'd HAVE TO confront that giant knight in the dimly lit hallway, or you'd HAVE TO fight that npc invader lurking along the tight path.  With open-world and a fast steed, it looks like you can just run away from any encounter you don't want to do (above ground).  Don't get me wrong, the game looks amazing and it would've been a shame if FromSoft did the same exact level design again, but there's something lost in the physical freedom the player now has.  The constant, oppressive threat of getting murderered in a dingy alley is sacrificed for mobility and freedom.
This looks friggin amazing, guess I'll have to get a PS5 now...
Your horse is the real hero of the game
lol does this game have a wussy setting?  I really love the way this game looks and I can't wait to see more.
Going to get this day 1.
DARK SOULS 1 POISE LETS GOOOOOOOO
it looks great,  but are the combat noises and bonfire noises and stuff idnetical to ds3?
19:49 "It just works" Epic reference :D
Game of the year
It's as I usually say: From Software keeps remaking the same game, over and over again, just with different maps/stories and a refining of existing mechanics, as well as adding new ones.  I usually say that Dark Souls 3 and Bloodborne are basically the epitome of what started as a first person RPG game (King's Field), then transitioned into 3rd person (Demon's Souls) and continued the same path. Reused enemies and items from previous games (Seath and Moonlight Sword for example) are just examples of that, literalized. But the core is always the same: satisfying tactical combat with a huge emphasis on "dodge/block and hit". They aren't doing anything new.  HOWEVER... They keep refining. Adding new stuff. And what was once a dated formula, now becomes more and more intrincate and a monster of its own. Elden Ring, as you said, seems to be the result of every past work of theirs. It's familiar yet different.  Which is why "soulslike" games will always fall short. Only FromSoft can make Souls games. And Souls games can be summed up as challenging and very immersive action RPGs with emphasis on lore rather than story.  With that said... I am happy to hear that the open world isn't just an "open space", but an actual WORLD. And I am also happy to see the freedom available to you as a player with the horse riding. I imagine it won't feel tiring to wander through the world if we're going fast.  I was going to give up Souls games as they felt more and more repetitive. Seems like FromSoft anticipated it. I will definitely be playing this!  EDIT: wait, we can respawn near bosses now?! OH MAH GAWD THEY LISTENED
My girl gone hate me when i get a hold of this 😌🤣
I kinda pity the people that won't play this game, because they think it looks like DS 3.5 with lame graphics, open world and reused animations.
if you play any game and don't jump on the structures you are doing it wrong.
I am glad for that pvp change. I was honestly just switching off wifi to get rid of them in ds3.
God fucking dammit can someone help me find that 'it's animation, not weapon art' comment, that some braindead shit that I need to see with my own eyes.
Fucking kiss of death at the end there
"You might think this looks like Dark Souls 3 part two..." Is that supposed to be a bad thing? Lol, I'll play anything From makes at this point.
I'm already hearing "Elden Ring is the BOTW of Dark Souls."
Its Darksouls! In a open world. Nothing new!
Great video! A lot of time and effort went into this and it’s appreciated
Not sure how I feel abt keeping the same multiplayer system in a open world game being able to form parties and invade as a group on group would be more to scale I think or even just putting multiple people in the same map
Is it weird that I skipped the tutorial section ?  I couldn't see anything because of the low brightness and somehow I reached the elevator straight away.
I've never played Dark Souls, Bloodborne, or Sekiro, but I'm super excited about this game. Already pre-ordered. I haven't played a RPG game seriously since FFX waaaaaayyyy back in the day. This is going to be fun.
I was lucky enough to get the beta and i can honestly say it does live up to the hype!. It left me wanting more and increasing my level of excitement for release. This is truly something special.
as soon as he said "if you hate dark souls 2 you're wrong" i was done with the video. powerstance is good ?! lmfao. but the return of DS1's poise is a good change !  anway, elden ring looks pretty cool, however ultimately it will definitely be a discount dragon's dogma, at best, and dark souls 3 with a couple of new aesthetic systems at worst. seeing what it is, i don't its even as good as Convergence mod for ds3.   don't get me wrong, i'll play the heck out of it but i don't think i'm gonna be surprised by anything new, and mostly i'm worried the story wouldn't be as good DS3 or DS1 !
I've always been fascinated by fromsoft games, the worlds and its characters, but always had a hard time getting into DS for different reasons. But then Sekiro came and I tried it and I absolutely loved it. This kinda seems like Dark Souls, but they've learned some things from their experience with Sekiro and turned it into the ultimate fromsoft game.  I will absolutely try this, and I think I'll fall in love with this game as well.
I have never played a fromsoft game because I do not like the aesthetics, but I have always wanted to play one. I will be playing elden ring
Elden ring aka open world with dark souls shoved into it🤣🤣 I’m sure the slow movement and stamina bar will be great in vast spaces
1:03 is all I needed to hear. I am a big souls fan, obviously, but I was scared Elden ring would be too similar to ds3 to have its own flavour. Ofc it's hard to tell anything of the gameplay from videos only (closed network not for PC huh), but I was really looking for things that would differentiate it from former souls game (be it Sekiro and BB too). I'm happy you clarified that, now I can't wait to play it myself!
Ok I got hyped when I saw the crabs
a y aaya
yep get use to it cause i bet the sleep arrows will get nerved
Beating eldenring only on horseback would be a cool challenge xD. Ofc u have to mod the game to be able to bring the horse everywhere, but someone will do it eventually.
Can  you kill the first npc though? I like having the freedom in games to just permanently shut up any annoying npc
This is the Muay Thai of Dark Souls
Hey guys, can anyone tell me what the co op is like exactly. I’ve never really played dark souls or bloodbourne etc. but for some reason I’m really interested in this game. Can you just play with a friend from minute one and play as if you would solo?
I'm so fucking hyped for fight clubs to be back! I missed it so much from back in Dark Souls 1 and 2.
This review alone has made me excited about this game beyond words
As a STR ape player I never thought I'd ever care about a magic build till now. Holy shit them visuals son
Elden Ring is the Dark Souls of Elden Ring
So if you play with a buddy and explore the world and unlock an area on your world, Will they unlock that part as well or is like OG DS and you have to join in your buddies world to help him go through the areas y'all previously went through on your world? Was curious about this because of the bigger map setting.
I'm subscribing for the jab at the boringness of Farcry lately lol
Honestly... this is the best video about ELDEN RING CNT I've ever seen so far. Thanks for sharing. Love your contents and I hope you will do other when ELDEN RING come out. An hug from Italy! <3
I never played a souls game but oh my fuck this game looks amazing
you conviced me i'll buy it
Great video!!  👏🏼👏🏼. Subscribed
Im pretty new to these souls-esc games so I was wondering that would this be a good game to start my journey?
Can you turn the radar off?
It would be so coool that they would hide special weapons and things in games like Breath of the wild like in so random places
And yeah you really nailed what is often problem with open world games :O Hopefully fromsoftware manages continue doing it right for entire game
I like how some of the clips is just roasting Prod.
I do find people obsessed with graphical fidelity to be oddly petty about it .-. I guess because they are also people insisting on console wars most of the times, so they are trying to make cheapshots that don't just land?
Didn't watch this video on purpose, but always wanted to ask people reasonable question, why would you dare so much to play / watch gameplay of a video game instead of waiting until it releases and enjoy it urself? I mean I get if you are not hypped or don't like the souls series (but I doubt that) and you are deciding to buy it or not... Then I get it, but if you are truly a fan, it's like a biggest spoilers for book you was waiting for ages....
Armored core 6 pls
At first I thought that this game was a skyrim sequal (Elden rings and Skyrim Elder scrolls you can see why) so I thought, damn todd realy did go 16× the detail lol
Serious Princess Mononoke vibes from the horse jumping
Oh its just a huge list of game changing quality of life improvements.  NUT
All these attack options make it sound like the game is gonna be easier?
Amazing that I found you first with the shrek ds3 vids and then rediscovered your channel years later but you do great commentary now. Love it man, outstanding!
Actually surprises me they took almost 3 years to release (when february 2022 comes) this game after Sekiro and it has so many recycled mechanics and enemies
Mountain goat horse...
Having played every timeslot (I even took a sick day), I can confidently say, that Eldenring might shape up to be the perfect game, atleast to me
If they offered this network test as an incentive for pre-orders they would make a f*** ton of money.
Ok the game isn't even out yet and it's already game of the year for me
Jump and horse, wow massive innovations! Definitely buying this
Damn dude, did you really played this game over 30 hrs straight? YOU'RE F*CKING NUTS!!
Yeah, the network test for Dark Souls 2 was also really good. The final game is regarded as the worst one. I'm not believing anything I see until the actual game comes out.
Will it be cross play ?
I just want bosses that make sit there for hours just to beat one of them. Continuously keeping me guessing on what the next attack will be and the different transformations. Cant wait!!!!
16:47 States of 'Merica?
Breath of the Souls 😆 I’m so exited
We need Sekiro 2
I still hope there are some specific zones where you can get invaded while alone (like gargoyle place in ds2). It felt like an important part of ds, the thrill and adrenaline was so high. Maybe they have thought about it and there is a later part like this.
POWER STANCE?!?!???? POOOOWWWEERRRR STANCCCEEEEE?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Can you play co-op on the same system with multiple controllers?  Or do both co-op players need to have their own system and game??
Super excited
19:55 IS THAT A FUCKING JOJO POSE
Honestly the open world stuff you mentioned was my number one fear and I’m glad to hear it was for nothings and the open world will be amazing
imagine counting as a big feature...jumping in a new game in 2021 lol what losers are fanboys of all kinds  come at me all loser fanboys lol ill take you all on, hahaha, LOSERS FANBOYS FOREVER, FOLLOWERS!
In terms of open world, it’s empty and nigh lifeless. In terms of Dark Souls, it’s completely Dark Souls.
The people crying about graphics or how they re-used the GOOD stuff are bloggers and twitter posters and boy can you instantly tell LOL
All fromsoft games ever made? I DON'T SEE MECHS MISTER.
Thanks
When is the open network test?
What about drop rates and weapon/armors?
Everyone knows Bloodborne is peak Fromsoft. This is the way
A lot of neat stuff, but the part about pre-boss checkpoints is probably my biggest take away from this, personally. I am disappointed that they didn't just relegate the online interaction stuff to a few menu toggles like sane people would, but baby steps, I suppose.
schewpid game
I am happy about the power stance, I enjoyed the hell out of DS2, was kind of sad when the mechanic wasn't used again
Can't wait for Elden Memes.
princess mononoke horse
I have watched reviews,walk throughs, tip and tricks, builds, and........ Never played a From soft game
Lol birds with knives on their feet. Why did they do that? Birds already have razor sharp talons
why is the horse disabled for online?
It looks like everything I ever wanted
Would love for this game to have mod support on console, like Skyrim and Fallout has.  If they add that later on, even 5 years from now. ER will overshadow Skyrim and just about any Open World game!
Omg jump souls i love it
One thing I noticed that applies to a large number of people who showed videos of their playthroughs on the network test, they don't utilize the shortcuts for items when holding triangle, you can register your flasks, etc. via the upper right of the menu/pouch and use the the items by holding triangle plus up/down/left/right on the d-pad. this helps to avert cycling through d-pad down.
This game looks so good that I only watched up until the point where IP said it was good. I left the video running on mute and minimized just so IP still gets the view for it.
I'm a big souls fan. But honestly ever since sekiro i just can't be bothered with its formula. And sadly this game just seems to be more of that. Not hating but I was hoping for a more Sekiro type combat system. But in my opinion they went back to being repetitive and yeah. I love that most people are happy with it don't get me wrong. But yeah Sekiro ruined the Souls archetype for me completely 👌🤣
*Sad xbox noises*
Iron pineapple inspires me with such great content and really gives me the drive to want to become a big part of the souls community
Soooo it's a Souls game? alright.
11 years and not a single animation has been improved. Let's Hope that at least movesets Will be various and renewed.
So I knew I was just getting elden ring cause of the 4? games I’ve played by from soft (not played sekiro) I loved all of them some far more then others, bloodborne, but this video has straight up solidified my pre order of this game without a doubt
I've always played FromSoft games long after they came out by buying the ultimate, all DLC edition, but boy am I hyped for Elden Ring. I can't wait to play this day one!
The only person whose opinion I trust on this game
Im sold just based on the horse double jump
14:03 That's it. I'm sold
Video starts and not even 15 seconds in my first thought is “oh god… the crabs are back”
I didn't see the player characters wielding man-sized hammers... Are Ultra-Great weapons still a thing, and if so, can we power stance them?
Between this game and Lost Ark, I'ma gonna have all my early 2022 gaming all set
People who complain about horses jumping and the satisfaction you get after climbing a peak after trying to maneuver your way through the side of the mountain has never played Skyrim. The horse double jump is a very welcome addition in my book.
I've never played a souls game in my life, but they seem pretty cool, and this one even more. But I always get annoyed when games treat katanas like light weapons, I'm not a Japan enthusiast, and I still know they were heavier bois, weighing around 1.25kg (for reference: a saber, a light weapon, would at MOST weigh 500g). But yeah, very nice. Tho I'm still confused if the "big tree" is supposed to be a reference to Yggdrasil...
24:46 get the lube 😋
Looking real good
At 12:10 I thought of dunkey and goblins... it is true
I''m glad guaranteed combos aren't a thing. It feels pretty numb. Why would I want to bother wielding two daggers when you can do better and the same with an axe? Why would I want to charge a big whopping heavy with an Ultra if it isn't about sending someone flying with black knight weapons? Idk how to feel about the poise for backstab since it feels hard to do so it might not happen, but I think it looks a good approach for now. Back to the fast weapons I know that I'll probably have the choice to back up while landing cheap hits if I know the enemy is willing to do so
Viable Miracle Build, old man is gonna have a field day
Is it just me or is his voice sped up? lol
I really like them going the Bloodborne rout with pvp. Something that really drove me nuts in DS2 & 3 was that invasions would interrupt my attempts to explore & immerse myself in the world, and therefore I grew to resent it (also I’m not very good 🤪). This meant I often played the game offline, so I got to explore to my heart’s content but I missed out on all the fun messages and goofy bloodstains. The fact that I won’t have to fiddle with offline mode to enjoy the game makes me quite happy. (Also I’m putting money on there being a big dungeon where the boss employs invaders, just like there was in every previous DS game, and I bet that area will be an invasion free-for-all)
Yes the 3 halves of the community...
First NPC: “Feel free to die in a ditch somewhere.” Me responding to him: “Aww! Thank you~ You too!” ❤️
"All of the Miracles you get are much stronger than their intelligence counterparts"  Well well how the turns have tabled eh?
Im glad you get a harsh punishment for getting knocked off the OP horse. Its funny to see them impale you kek
Wishlisted
*You get satisfaction through big bonk. I get satisfaction through big jump. We are not the same*
wow a lot of stuff I didn't know
Can you even fatroll in this game?
I can't wait till the game releases it looks amazing the graphics reminds me of a painting
Already looks like game of the year material
Ive only played DS 2/3 in "couch" coop mode, apart from pvp. Having seen your video I am now conflicted whether to choose coop or solo. I don't wanna miss out on the horse action. But on the other hand I don't wanna miss out on pvp invasions on solo which gon be mad at the start.
So it looks like a pretty good game, huh
"Time for Crab" Intensifies.
19:58 JooJooo!! DIO!!!
Can't wait to get my hands on this. Looking forward to making another 300+ characters in Elden Ring.
The game is beautiful though. Are they playing on an Xbox one or ps4?
I really like this review
0:16 Aot vibe
In the closed network test my friend and i tried coop but we were blocked from entering mini dungeons by fog, did they change how it worked?
If its anything like sekiro.. ill be pist.. huge souls fan. But sekiro sucked.. so hard
All I can hope for at this point is they dont balance weapons around online pvp play.
The masculine urge to jump on large structures on a horse
Well written review!
It's not a major thing, but i miss the serene main menu theme from Dark Souls and Dark Souls 2, Dark Souls 3 and now Elden Ring are just so loud and epic. Good themes, dont get me wrong but i think they go a bit overboard for a main menu.
I played Elden Ring for 0 hours, and I have 0 thoughts
how do weapon arts work with power stancing?
Invading is going to be fun as hell if they keep these features in.
If anyone is reading this, can it be possible to complete the game completely Coop? as in someone playing with me for the entire game, and then i can join them and complete the game with them?  Do both players in Coop get items from chests or just the host?
I just wanted to play so bad. Didn't get "chosen"! Im sick over it! So excited for Elden Ring! 😱
can you do side steps in elden ring like bloodborne?
People will be playing this for 100 years
I can’t wait for sleep arrows to be a big part of the meta and then take the path of iron flesh and balder knight sword : /
Ahhh its time to praise the .....Poise
This Game Looks  Fucking Sick
I hope the PS4 version isn't gutted like crazy just to run.
I hope they allow the horses to be used during pvp. Imagine a mounted battle between several invaders and defenders. That, to me, would be so much fun
You left out the return of the living legend “giant dad”!
Dark Souls Monster Hunter...no villages or towns...doesn't seem lived  in
The jumpy horse shoulda been a giant goat.  What’s more Metal than a spectral goat?
elden ring looks amazing after seeing this holy shit.
Oh double lance... sweet double lance.
I've never played a Dark Souls game. Do you think I would like this or should I try one of the previous games first?
First vid of yours I saw and I enjoyed it. Hope to see more from you
I think fromsoft is the only dev that has been able to continually release quality games.
I haven't purchased a game since Bloodborne. Here's to Elden Ring!
It is official you are a goat
The real reason i play these games is not cause of pvp.  Its all pve. If you want pvp go make a pvp game.  Pvp players ruins games.
rip no damage runs.
So not hyped for this one
this game looks really cool but I get too scared to play these games especially DARK SOULSSS
ds1 poise returning with additional balancing, the kick being removed so we dont get punished from some accidental kick in the middle of a fight, and the fact chain hit combos are gone as well? elden ring finna have the best pvp experience in any souls game as well, the community isnt gonna die for a good long while.
I am not here for PVP discussion. Matter of fact, I hate souls PVP. My PVP of choice is Street Fighter 5. And I am mad happy that I will be able to play my solo campaign in peace in Elden Ring.
hype
I wonder if healer supports will be viable in the pvp co-op
"Im looking at you Dragons Dogma! I haven't forgotten."  Me too bro.
Great video. I love from software and seems like this game is amazing. A vast map to explore with hidden npc's, items and lot of secrets ^_^ Seems like they really thought in everything/almost everything.
1:05 Dat you Siegward?
I just wish they had the option to fight like you did in sekiro.
I never played any fromsoftware games before. I keep hearing they are very hard. As someone new do u think it’ll be easy for a casual to get into it?
religious extremist? No, I practice OFFENSIVE FAITH.  on a real note, magic does look stupid fun.,
Not a fan of the pvp
i judged a book by its cover with the first trailer that came out. Genuinely thought it was just gonna be bigger DS3, a game I just didn't enjoy my time with. You have opened my eyes with this video Pineapple, I'll definitely keep a much closer eye on this than I have been. Thank you.
some really key stuff in here that I haven't heard anyone else mention.......love it
This..this makes me happy
I do see why horses are disabled in online so you don't get tooo seperated but I do really really REALLY hope there's some way to use them later, as horseback PvP sounds so incredibly amazing, and honestly seems like it'd be pretty balanced with the mechanics that are already in the game for mounted combat. You can target other people's horses, ranged and joust on horse back, and even grounded vs mounted, parries and horse targeting make it a somewhat even fight, and ranged is still bound to resources, so those who kite on horseback can't stay out of reach forever. Idk, I reallllllly hope they allow horse-back PvP
Yes a game I can enjoy while getting my butt kick
2022 is going to be the best year in videogames history
This game looks really cool! It seems to have the variety of Dark Souls and the aesthetic of Dragon’s Dogma. PvP also kinda pushed me away from Dark Souls but the mechanics looks fun in Elden Ring. I never really got into Dark Souls like games but I think I might get into this one.
my favorite kind of pineapple
WHAT ABOUT DUAL WHIP ATTACKS????
Hwy guys do you think is better to preorder that from Instant Gaming or from Steam?
this look crap  i mean game - not author work. not gonna buy
So happy poise is back, makes wearing beefy armor fun again!
Thanks for this vid bro. Most other videos didn't really show off what the game really has to offer.
Does your coop partner get kicked from your game if they die?
Lol there was a tutorial cave? I left the cave in like 3 minutes and started exploring and only learnt about it via videos. Kek
I hope it is either not as insanely hard as all the DS games or has a difficulty setting. It’s why I stayed far away from all of the DS games. Games should be fun, not piss you off every 5 seconds.
BOWS hell yeah cant wait i want a weird hybrid build. This game looks AMAZING!
People get so caught up on visual fidelity now a days it's pretty saddening. Is Elden Ring the most technically impressive looking game? No. Does nearly every landscape view and still moment look like a handcrafted painting? Yes. Is that more important than having immense technical features? Yes.   Art style and visuals that fit the game will always be more important than how many GTX 3090's you need to run a game that plays and looks like the same game a company made 15 years ago.
Sleep arrows will probbaly be balanced before full release.  I dont see it making giants asleep in one hit
bro 30 hours. thats dedication my guy
February cant come soon enough, once the network test is over I know I'm gonna go crazy because I'm going to want more, I haven't even completely explored everything and the network test is almost over, I really hope we can at least get a single player demo in the future
I kinda wonder how the summons work... The zone limitations were always a major pain in the ass, hope that's gone like it seems. If they wanna go even more seamless, it'd be crazy and I don't expect this at all, it'd be incredible if you could share world-state progression for a true co-op run feel, rather than hopping back and forth to the point where the absence of fog walls may be much less meaningful. Also, regarding invasions, PLS GREATBOWS IN AN OPEN-WORLD!
From what I've seen this past week, this game is a much darker version of what we would get if Capcom producers didn't pussy out and gave more juice into the production of Dragon's Dogma. I feel like this was the vision when they were developing DD but had to scale back to perfecting just a few aspects of the game due to the now infamous budgetary constraints.  All I'm saying is that Capcom should be pretty nervous looking at Elden Ring's release if they were planning on releasing DD 2 anytime soon. This is some seriously buffed up competition to fight against. I hope they won't make the same mistake they did when DD was gonna compete with Dark Souls 1 and Skyrim.
Never played a dark souls game This looks amazing
the fact that he activates a blood stain towards the end just to see MythyMoo fall off the cliff gives me great pleasure.
Only thing that worries me about the game is the open world/crafting element. From gameplay I saw anytime someone came upon a camp or w/e it was just like striking down target dummies to get some mats, hope it doesnt turn into a farmfest or something. Everything else looks amazing. Your part on the open  world design sums up my concerns.
Crabs huh? I think a certain old man is gonna enjoy this.
What about loot is it shared proggres ?
This was the kind of info I was looking for, thanks :)
LOL him holding a back scratcher
When you said crafting, I was about to close the video and never think of elden ring ever again. Thank you for elaborating.  I need this snake shield in my life. I was already looking forward to the game, but so far, I was able to manage my expectations. After watching your video, I'm pretty hyped, but I don't want to be, because the last time I was this excited for a game release it was cyberpunk 2077. <_<
How come you get to play 😫
I want to make people cry on reddit and in the yt comments.
Ahhh the mention of Dragons dogma 🤌🏽
please answer me on one question did they add bloodborne jump side mechanic or its all rolling again?
Is there any way to get two weapons of the same class without a player dropping a weapon for you? I can’t figure out how to test Powerstance!
So, say me and my friends decide to do a dungeon. Will I find myself being invaded during a boss fight or a crucial point in said dungeon?
Kneecapping the graphics for console parity is a very fromsoft thing to do. It's a shame, but hey, the game will look great no matter what
BUT IS THE NETCODE BETTER AAAAAAAAA
AYY open world souls is what i was waiting for!
I fucking despise magic and ppl who use it, but I gotta admit it does look pretty interesting.
Fantastic demo review, thanks a lot!
I like the idea that the guard break kick might be there to counter perfect blocking.
Sounds like this will be the RDR2 of fromsoft. I'm so hyped boys!
The cutscene to get access to leveling up and seeing the maiden can actually happen at other graces too, it triggers when you  find your third grace out in the open world ^^ I had gone exploring elsewhere first and then i met her in the church
For the last years i tried to avoid the hype train as much as possible. But this time it hits me at full speed. I'm so excited about Elden Ring and can't wait until the waiting time is over and i can finally play.
I think From Software actually seems to finally be making the experience of the game feel more fair rather than unnecessarily frustrating.
Mr. Iron, Mr. Pineapple may I call you that?  LOL <3 It was the biggest breath of fresh air to hear you say, From Software is on track with one of the BEST GAMES you have ever played.  That has to be the best Nerd News I have heard in some time, thanks for keeping my spirits high!
the popular opinion isn't the wrong opinion, it's just a normal opinion to have.
I was bummed that sekiro didnt have co-op. And co-op in original darksouls 1 and 2 was very difficult to maintain, which ultimately made darksouls 3 my favorite. Is there co-op in this one and if so how is it?
I don't like that this is open world, it's designed to waste your time.
so hyped man
Yet they have still not give mages or warrior-mages the auto mana regain qol. I want my mana to auti regain at a fair speed.
Does the Super Kick work well on shielded enemies in pve?
Equipment burden should have always been tied to Strength. Phew!
Fromsoft only game company still making great games
I’m gonna bust
The graphics in my eyes look phenomenal for an open world game, like the wings on that dragon looking almost like feathers an bark is so beautiful!
That snake shield is straight out of rise of shield hero
Spectacular 💛
13:21 Nice. Looks like Meyer's Square. Oberhau, unterhau, unterhau, oberhau.
I thought I had sped up the video. Slow down a bit 😅
The golden trees give me huge Oolacile vibes ngl
Wholesomeness
15:13 ymfah: hello, old friend
Ye
Ive never played one of these types of games before and this was gonna be my first one but the multiplayer aspect seems really needlessly convoluted. Like why cant i just invite my friend to my game to help with a boss? And when someone does come do we share the loot?
What do u mean a few days early it doesnt release til february?
The ranged attacks are already making me wary of this, too much magic, too many weapon arts. PvP is going to be a mess, imagine trying to kill a host and his blue phantoms who each summoned a pile of npcs and are casting at you in a gigantic area. Melee builds are dead.
Quick question: if me and a buddy beat a boss in my world, would they also have it done in theirs? I know in previous souls games progress in other worlds don’t count for your game and it was the most annoying thing for me personally as it meant we would need to run back everything we just did.
people are saying this game is empty what do you have to say about that?
The copied and/or rehashed DS3 enemy models confuse me a bit.
looks so oryginal !!!
Oh no. I was going to ask a question but then I decided it's not worth asking... But now I'm really courious, though there are soooo many comments that Iron Pineapple won't even see it 😭  I was wondering about weight restriction and if there was a fat roll.
this looks awesome! may be a nitpick, but it would be nice if they made some more animations for the player lol. Other than that, looks excellent!
Wait.. the souls franchise has loading screens?
can't wait to dip toes
So many great changes, I'm keen as hell for this game.
So they added a jump button whoopi
Im sure the game is fantastic but dark souls again, open world and written by the worlds most famous procrastinator doesnt get me excited. I wish they would keep doing the experimental stuff like sekiro and blood bourne
My man comin' in with the support for DS2. Love to see it.
I MIGHT BUY A PS5 JUST TO PLAY THIS
All I want is air pad jumping challenge areas that From has built for me to get stupid cool items.
Guys look at this shit DS3 PvP Glitches are in Elden Ring: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2PHeQgQYn0
My favorite Souls game is the original Demon's Souls
POWERSTANCE BABY!!
I’m buying this for sure
If there was one dude you wanted testing this monster it's the pineapple man himself.. The one person that's played 100 soul borns that most people ain't even heard of.
YES THEY HAVE THE GIANT CRABS
Of always watching other people play Dark Souls and FromSoft made games, this will be my first. Has the healing system that Breath of The Wild needed to be more challenging.
Could this be a good entry game for people who haven't put a lot of time into a souls game before?
Those weapon animations are amazing! 2 favourites: The firey spinning weapon attack and the other one is the double bladed sword on the horse!!!! I’m actually considering to get a series X instead of PS5 so I can play this everywhere!
Watching this im getting a big "dark souls meets dragons dogma" vibe and all i gotta say is that I'm excited for this. Dragon's dogma is easily my favorite game of all time and just combining that with dark souls, one of my favorite franchises makes it so much better. I'm gonna end up spending a thousand hours in this game
Sekiro by far was my favorite in terms of combat. A lot of soulsborne games I played with friends for the most part. But sekiro forced to master its fluid, and in my opinion damn near perfect combat system. Even though my most played is dark souls 3 by like 2,000 hours sekrio will always hold a special place in my heart. I have to say I feel a little sad that the parry mechanic is not coming back. It made fights feel so nice with that back and forth nature. I always imagine how amazing a pvp fight in sekiro would feel. I am whole heartily excited for this game, probably the most I have been in awhile but I'm not sure if I can handle parting ways with one of my favorite mechanics of all time. I think this will become one of if not my favorite, but I kind of wished that they could've implemented the parrying and guard mechanics from sekiro. This combat feels like a huge leap for dark souls but a step back from sekiro. Am I the only one that feels this way?
How did you get into the network test?
“Instead of thinking of Elden Ring as an open world game…think of it as a really, really big Dark Souls level.”  Big Dark Souls is just what I wanted. I see this as an absolute win.
beautiful review, ive been looking forward to this game for years. thank you for bringing us thoughts and gameplay
this just might live up to the hype. dark souls 2 power stancing, new old poise. i like that they are setting it up for a hunter/hunted scenario. it will be a very intense experience for the hunted even tho technically they're a gank squad because you can just vanish!
*WTH BROU, THE GAME IT'S NOT EVEN IN SALE, AND YOU ALREADY PLAYED 30 HOURS.* 🤣🤣🤣
Open world souls game... heaven is real.
No poise + R1 staggers sucked ass in DS3 am happy ER goes this way. BTW this is a masterpiece already
Issit weird tat im shivering throughout the whole video out of excitement?
CAN NOT FUCKING WAIT!!!!
Horrible, nothing special.
Casually talking smack about Dragon's Dogma at 6:52, him mentioning my favourite game of all time is enough to make me happy no matter what was said lmao
Does it auto aim / aim assist when you use magic?
Umm..... You can also accidentally skip past this tutorial. Because I sure did🥲
I'm will to bet there gonna nerf the sleep arrow. Maybe not day 1 but I'm sure it will be nerfed on big enemies
Metal Souls Solid: BOTW
Cant wait! Just cant wait! I was a bit p*ss*d that i didnt get a key, im in uk i think the europe key situation was a bit janky i may be wrong, i didnt even get an email saying i didnt get in? Yes ive been checking my emails all wknd!!
9:17 ROACH!
This will be the best open world game ever made. I hope botw 2 can give it a run for its money.
Miyazaki did something unreal when making a openworld, a goat horse, yall know this gonna be my first game I preorder.
"BUT MY ANIMATIONS! THEY'RE REUSED!" 😭
Another thing that is back is goofy fashion. Almost all the npcs we've seen look like clowns. Not complaining, though
the Map looks quite small tho
Better Roach from The Witcher 3, I see < _ <
There is something you missed related to day/night specific behaviors. At night on the pathway the convoy travels through close to the encampment you'll see a black knight looking dude on a massive draped horse. Doesn't drop anything, but cool encounter.
can i do an archer build? :(
Here's hoping my potato pc can still handle this game. I'm genuinely hyped for this new... Souls? Rings? Fromsoft game.
The fast enemies in this game reminds of sekiro a loot, also I can also feel the bloodborne in this game though cant exactly see any direct features.  Overall any souls fan will absolutely love this game, its gonna be a blast
Very informative thx for the great video can’t wait for this game
I've never been a fan a PvP in FromSoftware games. It's just not my thing. I've always just enjoyed the lore aspect. And yes, there is some lore in PvP items, but I still dislike PvP. All that being said, I'm glad there's a solo play option.
_Every_ FromSoft game?  _Cries in Armored core_   ACV was released after Demon's Souls And Dark Souls. ;)
Amazing video, nice work
Finally now that powerstance is back we can ignore dark souls 2.
The game pre order in my currency gonna cost me 199. Guess I'll wait till the launching date 😁
it basically has  bloodborne pvp which i honestly think is kinda better
My son will be losing his ps5 privileges when this masterpiece arrives. I could possibly end up divorced in 2022 at some point.  It will all be worth it though.
sneaking with a torch,... masterpiece :D
UUUUUUUGUGGHHHHHHHHH ELDEN RING
I don't want to waste my time dissecting the game I'll just say that it if you're looking for dark souls, this isn't darks souls. This is just a pale shadow of everything that previous formsoftware games are known for, i guarantee you this and stand behind this statement 110%!  Combat has absolutely nothing at all to do with their previous games, nothing, nothing. And for combat those games were loved for and stood differently from most other games and gained popularity. This is just visually resembling dark souls, that's where all the similarities end.  As I've said, not gonna go into details but one that's seriously laughable to me, if not the most of all is your ABILITY with basic attacks to STOP a boss's attack midway!!!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣  No comment, just no comment, list of stupidities is endless.  But we live and it's proven over And over last years, in an age where it's so easy to blindly dupe people into things, sell things to them that are absolute garbage and convince them how it's out of this world something mind blowing, never seen before, amazing, how did they this that etc. As our video uploader is an example, he speaks so passionately about the game like its something ground breaking, never done before.... Please, please, just stop selling it 👍
Personally i love that they took best parts of DS3 and bloodborne and horse riding from sekiro and combined them. This looks so great. At first i thought this game will be boring, because it seemed to be an boss rush game, but in reality its not and there are just enough enemies in the game. One thing i hate is how people cry that some stuff is too OP, like shit up, its normal that u can one shot early game shit when u have leveled up. Graphics for an DS game look great. Enviormental damage is also an great effect EDIT: ughhh... no, im not here for pvp, im fine of its full pve experience...
This is the new dislike bar...
WAHT RINGS YOU GOT BITHC
Awesome video. I definitely learned more from this video over any other video I have watched. I am not disappointed. This looks insane
Iron Pineapple singhandley getting my excited for Elden Ring. Legit was okay with the idea and was willing to get it a year later down the line when it would be on sale and had a few DLCs bundled together for a discount. but now I'm thinking about getting it day 1 if I can.
60fps
if it comes to standing on a high ground to beat a strong boss - can't they make it so any enemy that is supposed to be strong will just knock you off it with some magic, or a rock whatever
The dark souls 1 poise is bullshit ds 3 poise is the best. Miyadzaki was a genios when he create ds3 poise, it was perfectly balanced. I hope it will be balanced inelden ring pvp too...
Honestly, I was hoping  that you could co-op without the risk of pvp occurring,  since that's always been a big turn off for me
yes it's the evolution of dark souls.
finally, i think they group all the best of the dark soul they've done, finally...
god damn it now got me hyped up
IM SO SOLD ❤
Can’t wait to play co-op the whole game
I am so damned hyped
7:55 fuck this eagle in particular
THE TWINBLADE IS BACK LETSGOOOO
I really hope they implement some sort of duel arena like the one they had in Dark Souls 1. It fits the open world format so freaking well and the pvp in this game seems relatively limited compared to previous titles. A coliseum of some sort would be perfect.
For as great as all the improvements are... I still can't believe that you STILL CANNOT SHEATHE YOUR WEAPON. I mean come on Fromsoft... WTF, seriously?...
Okay but can I power stance a Spear with a Greatsword OR TWO GREATSHIELDS
It makes me sad I didn’t get to play the network test. It feels like they only permitted primarily youtubers to be able to play the game
Bad graphics
To do list: 1. Not die before Elden Ring release 2. Play Elden Ring till you die
FromSoft will continue to impress and intrigue the hell out of me. Hyped
Yes! PvP is looking amazing
I love this game, it’s basically dark souls 4 under cover 🥰😍
I need to stop spoiling my self and just play it on release but I m too hyped I can't help it.
never played a from software game in my life and still very hyped for this
i've never played souls because it never really appealed to me, but this looks incredibly fun. thank you for such an informative video!
The best network test video yet
I wish I didn't watch this. I just spoiled so many cool surprises for myself.
a solid 8 hours? that's like....nothing...
im pretty sure ppl complaining about graphics in a souls game, never played any souls game
"You can't deny power stances are cool" power stances are retarded and it breaks my immersion because I'm not playing a person in a fantasy world, I'm playing some freaky physics-defying alien flopping around like a wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube man. Uurgh.
Great video, awesome game. ONLY thing I'm worried about is the story. Like, what is the storyline behind this game?  I know the souls games have really vague storylines, but a great storyline absolutely helps make a good game great, and a great one incredible. Or, even kill one that should have been incredible (TLOU2...).
looks really good, but i cant go back to the hard souls gameplay anymore
I see npcs are as negative as always
i just love that he said he tried all 5 classes and then proceeded to talk about none of them
*"playing for way too long"*  Simply not possible.
The thoughts of a from Software fanboy. Very surprising👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
I was so hyped on dying light 2 but since i noticed there is elden ring upcoming i even forgot about dying light at all xD Im sooo fcking excited to play elden ring and im sure ill get addicted ;-;
Yall complained when Dark Souls 2 downgraded graphics but it's cool with Elden RIng? Talk about a hypocritical fanbase.
The fuck did you do to the commentary audio? Stop it.
Why doesn't the environmental foliage move when you move through it? Skyrim did that 10 years ago
I hate Dark Souls 2 with every fiber of my being but yeah, Power Stancing was awesome.
A few days old and already 1 million views...this game is probably gonna be the most hyped isn't it?
I am truly so happy for this.
Elden Ring is what Skyrim "Could" Have been.
Amazing game but first, it must sail the great seven seas if you, catch my drift... yarrrr
This review feels a bit biased, like its ok to line to ambiance and all, i also like souls game but that doesnt have to make tou blind to default or limitation. The game looks interesting but the thing with war ashe to custom weapon is more a limitation to an extend than an opening feature. And here you clearly are like "wow this is so cool new customiaation and all" you like going all in with it and completely foreshadowing that it can have massive downsides.  Like, if you want a certain weapon wirh elemenr ok you go fire but it forces tou with a weapon art, thats not enabeling that restrictive !!!  You personaml hype clearly made tou blind here for exemple  A real option in a game more rpg like would have beeb ro alow a bit more customisation, like chose element AND weapin art, manind some weapon faster heavier or so, no ned to dive in too many custom things but a bit. Its ok to have restriction but that could have been better
Viable Miracle builds? Thats not a souls game.
Horse only runs incoming
nutted when he parried the dude on horseback
game isnt even out and i want a dlc so badly
bro.. why cant yall just wait?? its wAAY too early for this shit
stopped watching when he stealthed upon the enemy holding a bloody torch in his hand. that's not how light works.
Actually scared how long this one will take to playthrough! So excited though
If nothing else, today I learned the concept of diegesis ("diegetic marker") from you. Thank you!
shit i hoped fighting will be more like sekiro and less like dark souls. i hate the freaking stamina bar.
How much did they pay you?
I'm for sure gonna build a new PC for this.
Amazing dude! Quick, straight to the point, all aspects covered 🤜🤛 Thanks
7:55 wow rude
i love that they disabled invasions for solo players as default, i just wished that they atleast gave me the option for coop aswell, because playing with a friend and always getting invaded just to be resetted back to where you were befor is NOT fun.
Network Test Applications are Closed
Overall it looks great, but I’m sad to see pvp backstabs are still a thing. They’ve always felt that they where the most janky thing in the souls games; it’s a complete interrupt of combat that doesn’t feel rewarding to give or receive.
Omfg WEAPON ARTS ARE BACK BABY 💦
Thank you FROM for putting so much effort into sustaining the jaded pleasures of DS3 into open world pointlessness. Finally, I can detest you with all my heart without compromising. Thanks again.
There iust nothing about these games that appeals to me.
Mmmm... this looks so good But I know I absolutely suck at soulsborne games...
bloodborne interface a little disappointing :(
Lmao a backscratcher
WHERE'S THE POISON SWAMP?
It looks like Elden Ring might have the DS1 shield parry timings. Can anyone confirm?
I played yesterday had so much fun with network test killed 3 bosses but was rushing everything tried pvp, was also very fun and familier also the horse mechanics were very smooth and was super fast way to gather items
How is the difficulty in this game? Is it like DS3 base game or like ring city?
"Two fingers" girl is suspicious
I haven't read or seen anything, but does anyone know if you can cut agheels tail off?  P.S. Awesome job on the video!
Even though fromsoft games don't look crazy good fidelity wise. This doesn't look that bad tbh.
I'm a bit reserved because to me it still looks to much like DS3, which honestly stands as my most hated game ever. Mostly the bosses, who many just look like a constant barrage of spamming attacks without ever stopping. (namely the big ones, not the little ones hiding in dungeons)  And they all look like they have the exact same counter. Just roll, roll, get in an r1, then roll some more. I really hope that's not the case because I want to like this game, but I also don't wanna waste money if it winds up feeling just how 3 felt to me.
Why is no one talking about the story/world????   Definitely not getting this game cuz of that
Great video, as always Mr. Metallic Fruit! It made me unreasonably happy to see all you guys frolicking about in pvp.
I think this would be the start of me playing a FromSoftware game. I've always dislike souls-like games, I play game for fun not to rage lol. But as an open world game-sucker, this game has me sold.
Jumping on everything  Them:  Was there anything there  Us:  I did it!!!
I'm so happy there will finally be a game where I can roll 50 times to get 4 hits in. And then repeat it for every enemy for 40 hours. Such a groundbreaking mechanic which hasnt been used like 7 times already to the point of it being repetitive and boring! Much hype, much wow. But hey, there is a horse now, so the fanboys wont see they got sold basically the same thing yet again xD git gud in brain fanboys xD
It got delayed to 2 days before my bday
We need an arena where warriors once proven can fight eternally...
I am not  prepared for this game and yet I can wait no longer
take notice the dragons features looks alot like game of thrones dragons for sure :P
Rejoice! Strength brings poise!
Hating Dark Souls 2 is not the wrong opinion :P
I can't wait I'm so hyped
Damn... looks like I'm gonna have to build a  new pc if I'm going to play this game lol.
Ugh, of course invasions are shoehorned in to annoy most people. I knew it the second I heard you can't pause. Because you're never truly offline, it just isolates your room until lol it's time to get fucked by bad Mcdonalds internet. The co-op being expanded is neat. But I wish FromSoft just *stopped* doing this shit. Have a fucking PVP arena for the kids that want to be shit with each other and there you go. Real players don't get to waste time with exploiting, lag switching, bad internet dickheads, and they get to be awful with each other in isolation, where they belong - an easy access arena that could and should act like the summon sign pool.
That is not a horse, that is a very large mountain goat
this guy talks in 1.5x playback speed.
15:36 "Well, I have a SHIELD that shoots a SNAKE!!"
lol the cave is too dark i went straight to the door.
Is this Dark Souls or Elden Ring?
Who are you and why your opinion matters?
Actual HYPE?! ...I got the tingles...
Double jump with hoarse  Why is Skyrim music playing
10:29 "Weather report says it's going to be bad today." "Rain?" "Nope, Wolves."
Did you say just 8 hours of content?
Hey Iron Pineapple, so on coop, do you still have to change hosts to finish bosses on partners world? Or can you join in coop and play the whole game that way. (Personal loot, bosses vanquished for both players)
At this point I don’t want another delayed preorder or a cyberpunk or anything bad but I know Hidetaka’s gonna make a great game
And people really complained that things were being reused. This game feels so much different from dark souls while not being that different at the same time. Its gonna be such a good damn game
?????  People saying the game looks worse to work on Switch means it looks BAD. That's not at all what the (very valid) complaint was about. It feels weird to mention it, misunderstand it, then gloss past is *real*quickly like that. Still, glad you enjoyed it overall ! This video alone is *the single thing* I have seen of Elden Ring. I knew I was gonna get it so I didn't bother with gameplay hype, but I did want to click on yours and yeah now I'm properly excited :-P.   Just seeing the free jump felt liberating, honestly.
People have been asking me all week what my thoughts on Elden Ring are and I've literally just been sending them this video. And honestly, even if people want to call this game "Dark Souls 4" who says that's a bad thing?
So glad poise will be back, first time i've been hyped for a game in a long time.
Alright, going full bow build for elden ring, if I hate it, its completely your fault.
Liked and subbed loved this
Had to stop at 5:00 ish minutes because it already looks soooo good. Don’t want to spoil too much for myself.
YES! STRENGTH EFFECTS EQUIP LOAD INSTEAD OF A SEPARATE STAT! This was an idea I've had for balance since forever ago, admittedly my idea was more 20/80 split for equip load with endurance giving 0.2 per level and strength giving 0.8 per level, allowing for a base line max load for most builds, but giving strength builds (which generally need the heavier armor) an edge in the max load.
In a world where pre-ordering anything is an actual gamble, From Soft is coming through with big choppa rounds. Not only is it what they told us it was (and clearly so, _so_ much more), but now we have definitive proof with these network tests. _And_ because everything is flowing so smoothly, their timeline is on point, getting the network tests rolling while pre-ordering is still open. That way, streamers like Pineapple can encourage even more people to pre-order with proof that it's actually _not_ a gamble. Very smart/clean management of this release honestly, very tidily done.  I mean, we expect as much from such a fantastic development house, but still. Hats off, this is more than any of us could even think to ask for. From Soft has truly outdone themselves.
Maybe its just me, but this just looks like dark souls. I was under the impression this was a souls "like" game. Not another installment in the series. I was so hype when sekiro came out because it was something different from what they had been putting out. So it probably doesnt come as much of a surprise that im a little bummed to see them go back to the well with elden ring. While i can acknowledge that they added new things alot of what im seeing seems to be things making a return from previous souls games. Im not trying to be too judgey until the game actually releases and i get to play it, but as of right now im still waiting to see something that interests me enough to buy it. playing the same game ive already experienced in 3 different ways isnt enough.
The only kind of games I will preorder these days. Fromsoft never disappoint! So hyped
im satisfied with it, i was worried about the title going full open world while dark souls engine is very lacking on physics, and mobility is very important for this genre, its what makes breath of the wild that good, but being able to jump in a souls game is already enough improvement for me
3:41 to 3:54 DAMN RIGHT! Thank you!
open world bloodborne when?? Pls fromsoft
14:42 *I’M GOING ALL IN ON THE MAGIC BUILD!* 💪🏽
Oh my goodness they made the Skyrim horse mountain climbing but BETTER????
Good to know Iron Pineapple has never heard of immersion.
I love the mount combat, but I'm also a bit disappointed that it won't apply to coop and multiplayer. Coop and PvP mount combat would have been really cool.
There’s a jump button?! and Skills?!! and poise too?!!!  Meh I’ll just wait until we get mods for this, the spells (assuming there ARE any)/magic system probably aren’t/isn’t too good.
I’m able to do 3 sessions and I’m loving every second. Been seeing videos of what I should do but I’m just running around having a blast.
Truth with superb art direction . Some people just can't appreciate that.
I dunno, coming from the demo, it still felt a bit too derivative of Dark Souls to me. New additions aside, combat is basically the same (stamina and dodgerolls for days), there’s estus, there’s bonfires, there’s bloodstains, there’s janky-butt magic implementation, etc. etc. I appreciate all the new things Elden Ring does with its focus, like horseriding and open world, but seeing From Software doing something as ambitious and unique as Sekiro only to fall back on their old formula just kinda makes me roll eyes.
The only question that matters is... how many swamps is our boy miyazaki going to grace us with?
I'm so sad I didn't get accepted into the network test
What a thorough breakdown of elden ring. I have watched literally every video on this game and no one provided me as much info as you did. Very well done.
This seems like it looked at common critiques for breath of the wild and aimed to fix all of them. I could not be more excited. This looks absolutely fantastic.
Why even call it Elden Ring, it's Dark Souls 4.
I wish I was young again, I would’ve loved this game when I was younger lol.
If you don't understand the double jump bit, you've never truly played wow. Pixel hopping was more fun than most dungeons back in tbc.
Does anyone know yet if Ps4 and Ps5 players can connect for multiplayer yet?
im not 100% sure but with strength being tied too equip load I'm thinking strength weapons are going to do less damage then usual, and strength might be focused a bit more on tankyness, whereas dex will get buffed since it doesn't have the bonus of equip load, also, holy shit I'm so excited for this game
Sorry but dark souls 2 absolutly sucks,  the only good thing about it is the power stance and thats it
the term skyrim horse is officially obsolete and i fucking love it
Yea I'm not playing that Tom Clancy xd garbage by ubisoft when Elden Ring comes out.  *It's like this.*  I played dark souls 1 when everyone else was disappointed by call of duty vanguard.
8 hours of content that seems kind of low or did  he been 80?
Im gonna break my NNN!
first 30 seconds and he told me all I need to know.
Hug strange how did I get here
1:13 FUCK YEAH BIRDS
From Software needs to return to its roots, and just combine Lost Kingdoms/Rune with Armored Core WITHOUT Dark Souls, and bring something like that back to life.  And instead of focusing so much on graphics, they should focus on the story and gameplay, and perfect the mechanics back to what it should have been.  Thinking about it, it would become the perfect fusuon of Gundam meets that one ps2 game Shadow of the Colossus. Grand Theft Auto would have nothing on it.
BOTW With Superb visual mods, I already pre ordered😁
DKS 2 BEST SOULS DONT @ ME
Couldn't get used to having jump X button so remapped it to triangle  and it works better for me.
So. Brightsouls looks pretty good 😂
I mean, even if Elden Ring WAS simply open world Dark Souls 3 I probably wouldn't have been mad about it. But, listening to people talk about their experiences with the network test has me so stoked for this.
Jumping kills the experience lol
No Info on Pyromancy?
Not criticizing you with this comment at all, but, this is NOT a culmination of all of the From Software games "ever" made. Did everyone forget Armored Core? Or do you have to be over 30 to have remembered that awesome franchise that From Software abandoned? I'd much rather have an Armored Core game than another "Souls-like" game. Way better franchise, and not enough good mech(a) games on the market.
I just wanna say, it's fucked up they gave us such a small taste 3 months before release. Because I'm one session in and I'm already addicted.
So this is basically Zelda: suffering of the wild. Neat.
2021 and videogames still used retard, DEAF and SHORT SIGHTED AI on enemies, and instead rely on giving enemies high stats 🤦‍♂️
ive never wanted a game more in my life.
There are TONS of fantasy games in video games to spare... I loved Monster Hunter (Freedom Unite) and Dark Souls because among all the eye catchy mainstream fantasy games, they DARED to go EXAGGERATED REALISM FIRST, then subtle fantasy. But currently my two beloved games have embraced mainstream generic fantasy. I hope Mortal Shell 2 is in development.
glad to see that this is going to be a great game :D
I can confirm, as someone who always held back on consumables and hoarded stuff for crafting, its very optional in this game and got by without crafting once
Reskinned Dark Souls, as least you guys will get your dose of crack.
I might have missed it, but is pvp opt-in or it's not optional?
did they actually gave you a horse a or a freakin mountain goat for a mount xD
fun fact you coulda climbed the church after he crumbles it down
6:45 was immediately thinking of Dragon's Doggo aswell, and exhaled hard as you mentioned it.
I told myself I wouldn't get hype again.  I lied.
I NEED this game 😩
So they still haven't added a timer to invasions and made invaders have an even easier time by giving them what is basically a reset on their evasion. For fuck's sake.
I’m going to play the shit out of this game.
Disliking and objectively terrible game= wrong opinion.
Chad Double jump goat horse vs. virgin mountain climbing Skyrim horse
This is great to hear but I'm still super jealous I have to wait even more months to just play it while people got like 30+ hours just feeling it out 😔👍
So basically: They implemented mechanics that games way before and since the souls trilogy have had for decades? Let's keep it a $1.50: Elden Ring is nothing more than Dark Souls 3 with a jump button, mounted combat, a stealth crouch and an open world map. Incredible! If only games from the past had implemented mechanics like these! < Sarcasm, of course; I explain for the daft.
it's "etcetera"
Thank you for the DDogma stamina callback, it hurt
Imagine if Elden Ring had come out back in 2011. Skyrim wouldn't have stood a chance at all.
Game seems to look pretty easy to be honest... I think they took the best of all games but also left out alot of the difficulty. Open world might be the reason it looks easier I don't know I guess I'll find out soon enough.
I’m excited to play this! It’s too bad it’s so far away! Once I start seeing the click-bait videos from the angry YouTubers that post videos about every game sucking, I’ll know it came out.
Dark souls with jump mechanic....what. Mind blown lol
If I can't be Artorias, I'll just be a Roman cataphract.  edit: also I don't see why they can't just make the smaller sections of the map PVP enabled. Like, why not have all of the smaller dungeons pvp enabled? makes them more dangerous, makes sense that people would attempt to invade in places that contain loot rather than just the middle of nowhere. Makes sense from a horse perspective because you won't be using your horse in dungeons anyhow. It just makes more sense. i think they should implement that. I'd really miss solo PVP encounters
Cant even put into words how fucking excited I am for this game
Can you pet the horse tho
Can’t wait to get high and play the living fuck out of this
Yup just pre ordered. Im so excited!
Nearly a million views in just 3 days! This game is going to be a hit...
Jees u might as well own it by that point
"Dark Souls 4: More of the Same"
Bye Bye warzone battlefield genshin im need Space for Elden ring xD
Compared to the Demon's Souls remake, this is disappointing. Could've put it as the 3rd DLC for DS3, and you wouldn't know the difference.
Mmm, maidens of the two fingers, sounds dirty
Now to see how the pc port is
Botw souls edition. Looks good.
Love this video. A lot of great information, and insights that get me excited for the release.
This game gives me some shadow of the colossus vibes, the only thing its missing is being able to climb on top the bosses
holy shit this 25 minute video about a tiny fraction of the game, mother fuck this game is guna be good
The coil shield is almost exactly what I submitted for the ds2 shield competition poggers
best breakdown of the gameplay so far  seems like you discovered a lot
I can’t find anything on a open test please expand
i like the idea of coming across players fighting on a hill, i just dont wanna be involved  could be nice if pvp moments showed up in unrelated peoples worlds.
0:05 I can't im backing out i must avoid spoilers
How do u summon a friend and make sure its not random?
A few years ago i mentionned the idea of a game that is half the elder scrolls half dark souls and i got laughed at. guess who's laughing now bitches!
I, too, am in love
thx for the inclusion of the phantom at the end running up the stairs and failing the jump down~
wow the magic had my eyes wide open the entire time the miracles and sorceries look amazing. I have always beat souls games with a faith build on my first play through. can’t wait to beat this one with miracles as well
You had me at _press x to jump_
Can we add HORSE ARMOR PLZ? Purely cosmetic or not.
Holy sh** Im so ready for this, the best of all 3 dark souls into this, what a combo, just building and building. Great job Fromsoft
But...hear me out. Is there a poison area. Because if there isn't, it will be a true evolution.
So you roam around in a dead world with almost no npcs just killing monsters? Sounds really boring. For this they hired George R. R. Martin? lol
Is this coming to xbox? Please say yes
Ok, that counter attack is sick, and jumping is awesome. This actually feels like they're advancing the souls formula immensely
My main concern with Elden Ring is that it won't have the same "feel" as Dark Souls and Bloodborne games, as in the game wouldn't go so in-depth into its story/lore... So far the bosses' names are "flying dragon (something unmemorable)" and "tree sentinel" and there are animals like bats and goats. Nothing wrong with that, but the game's enemies and story so far just feel absolutely uninspired.  I am very intrigued by the open-world aspect and their attempts to perfect their systems, but if the game feels like a showcase of mechanics with no memorable FromSoftware level of lore, story and memorability, then the game will just take a dive to shit.  Thoughts???
"something something weird controls issue"  Imagine playing soulsbornes with a gamepad and not mouse and keyboard.
I saw a giant evil flower. The only reason i need to buy this game.
Strength faith meta sounds like I'm a troll who used to hide when people invaded me in DS and now i won't be able to do that due to the arrow system for invaders.
Elden ring is a need not a want
Yo they basically turned us into a boss character 😂
Skyrim but darksouls
Man it's crazy that the lorax is a boss in this game
Never played a Souls game, was always intimidated by them, but imma give this one a shot it looks really cool.
3:50 to anyone bitchin about graphics go play valheim and tell me again how much graphics matter after that
The demo looks much more polished and looks bug free in comparison to most released games ! :P
The only opinion we needed on this game was pineapples
I watched xqc fight that tree dude. And I’ll have to say I’m not touching this fucking game. I really wouldn’t be able to beat that boss.
Thank you for this amazing video, you really made me so happy, now I'm gonna dream about this game for three months
wasn't hyped, am now
oh shid wuddup?
So it’s dark souls?
I'm so ready
1:04 " If you're looking at this game and thinking 'it's just _Dark Souls 3_ Part 2... it's much more than that."  Me: There's nothing wrong with a _Dark Souls 3 Part 2_ .
We're all going for the bloody wolf build, let's be honest
Would you recommend this game to a first game Souls game player? I tried demons souls and couldn't seem to get on with it
I’m so excited!
Honestly, I'm fine with invasions being opt in as a solo player, as I know there are a lot of people that simply don't enjoy DS PVP. But I think the method they've used to allow people to opt as a solo player is kinda bad. I would have much preferred a menu toggle so people can decide if they would like to be invaded during their playthrough. Either way, at least they do still give you the option to be invaded as a solo player, even if it is a little bit of a hassle.   Everything else about this game has me more excited for any game than I have been in close to a decade. Fantastic video, thank you for coving everything in as much detail as you did!
How do you level it no one is actually telling ..is it still collect souls and then level up at bonfire but of you die you lose your souls and have one chance to go get them back
The best fucking review a have seen
Dark Souls 1 PC release:  You had to install a player-made mod for it to be playable. Dark Souls 3 PC release:  Gameplay and graphics were fine, but the multiplayer let griefers bring hacked items into your game. Bloodborne PC release:  There wasn't one, and it's not hard to see why they didn't bother. I think I'll wait a while before picking up this one.
12:48 What I'm seeing here is... HELICOPTERMAN IS BABY BABYYYYY
attack, roll, attack, roll, attack. *yawn* when will from software make something novel for once?
"Dark Souls 1 Pose is back" Me: YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
You lost me when you just showed you fought the boss like a scaredy cat.  Your review is a waste of time from that point on so i won't continue.
I just wish From Software would make a new Armored Core game.
I don't know you and I don't care to know you
The game honestly looks mediocre at best but goddamn is the art amazing. Just wish they polished the animations, still as clunky as the first game they've made.
19:55 is that a Jojo reference?
Hmm the co-op doesn't sound as bad as I was afraid but still not as good as I was hoping :/
The comments: *general happiness" Me: cRAB
with BF2042 being an EA game, I very much look forward to this.
the MC kinda looks like the Nameless King.
I like crafting, it's why I enjoyed Dragons Dogma so much, and I hope we can craft some healing items and not just be dependent on estus type healing.
So it's genshin but for adults.
i played the network test for 9 hours now... i did not do any coop. but there is still so much i didnt know was there in your video. i am truly amazed by this beta alone :D
Thank you for front loading your overall opinion, I'll get around to watching this eventually, would rather go in blind
The thing that killed the Dark Souls game for me is the co-op - I could never really understand it. This game looks great, but I think I'd only play it if the co-op was done well. I have a few questions:  Are you able to play the whole game with a friend? Aka, you invite them and they're in your game until they leave?  Do they get kicked out after a dungeon?  Is it free to get them back in the game?  This is why I love Nioh 2 - the best of both worlds. Has great co-op and the gameplay is similar to Dark Souls in a way.
F---in heeeeeeeeeeell! I need it now dog! This game is going to consume my life and idfc lol
The majority favorite is always Bloodborne!  you trippin'
My first goal in elden ring will be finding the moonlight greatsword
Shit.
ебучий альфа банк
Finally making invasions great again! Very cool thank you
The game just uses a different colour palette to the other games, it is not a downgrade.
you are the youtube that have made the best elden ring preview video hands down but i would really like to know if the game is also locked to 60hz like ds3 and sekiro i don't mind that the game is locked to 60 fps but it's really annoying that the refresh rate is locked to 60hz i have a work around for it but that should not be a thing !
The horse parry is actually so cool oh my god
I've never liked fromsoft games, but I might actually give this one a try!
wish there was more character customization but that's just a small nitpick
can anyone agree that strength being linked to equipment burden is retarded
Is this game just Dark Souls but open world with all the difficulty that comes with it?
the internet has given a world wide voice (Or so it seems) to literally everyone... unfortunately for most, this just increase's entitlement and inflates ego's. resulting in some of the most moronic "critic's" you will ever read. you could have the physical embodiment of literal perfection in front of you...and some people will find a problem with it. best thing to do is ignore it, trust your own experience.. because if you believe the voices on the internet you will never enjoy anything again.
I played some of Elden Ring, around 4-5 hours so far and it's basically another souls game with prettier graphics.
YOU CAN JUMP IN PLACE???
EIGHT hours of content?   That small.   Fuck that. Also, it's called ANIMATION.   Not "weapon art".
Damn, it took only 3 games for them to fix the stat that was working in the initial game. Impressive. I am talking about poise. Invasion seems to be shit, fighting infinite gankers was not fun in ds3. DS3 pvp community died pretty fast in comarison to ds1\ds2.  Pve and exploring seems to be good, but besides that it looks more like a dlc for ds3
play dragins dogma pls,  my fav game dyin. play the dark arisen part of the game 🙏🙏
Why not add a poise bar based on armor stats that decays as you get hit then you start to flinch when depleted?
I'm getting monster hunter world vibes from this. That is, while i, as someone who has not played the series, find all the changes great, i think vets might not like them. Hopefully i'm wrong, i'd hate what happened to monster hunter to happen to other franchises.
I've always wanted to play an rpg with DnD-type leveling, but none of them had combat that interested me (KotoR and Skyrim seemed pretty basic). I am so excited for this game. May have to pick up the original Dark Souls on Switch...
Looks too much like DS3. Everhthing looks the same from the animations, lightnint, mechanics etc
The game IS just ds3 part 2 the game feels nothing like what made the original souls good.  It genuinely feels like genshin impact mixed with dark souls 3.
Dark souls 2 was my favorite besides bloodline. This looks lit
Uh oh, Havel Bots are coming back.
I was trying to help people out for like 30mins on the last boss of the test but got only summoned once? I have no idea whats wrong, I tried both Maryts furled finger and Small golden effigy. Im i doing something wrong? got actually pissed that couldnt get summoned
Do you have to do the same things twice in coop, or is there joint progression?
HELICOPTER MAN!!!!
*skyrim horse physics flashbacks*
The damn giant crabs are back?!?
I wanna know the consensus without seeing anything of the game or finding out too much. Can someone just reply to this comment with good or bad? :D
"It's not often that a game lives up to its hype... But FUCK I think it just might" - closing thoughts. Yeah I literally think about elden ring every single day and CAN NOT WAIT FOR IT'S RELEASE😂
Can't wait! Thanks for the review and for the videos over the years.
4:51 Excellent! It really wouldn't feel like a Souls game if you couldn't cheese the fuck out of certain enemies.  It looks like they've taken an Open World map, carved it up, slapped one of their usual areas into each section and replaced the loading screens and elevators with connecting sections of open terrain. Which seems a perfect solution to how to make a Closed World game into and Open World one, without compromising quality or feel.
I MISS PRAISE THE SUN. He was a lesser known YouTuber that died last year. He would’ve loved the new fight clubs..
Can you grind your way through this game or this a git gud type of game like dark souls, sekiro, etc.
the fact you parried Peeve at 18:02 was so satisfying to watch.
Half of you are excited, half of you are panicking and half of you have no idea what I’m talking about. The other half is thinking about the three halfs.
All of this makes me happy, the only.. ONLY thing im a bit disapointed with is that you cant use the mount in PvP/Co-op, think it could have been some interesting jousting/pvp moments.
So sumoning cooperator does not open player to invasions? Did i hear it right? You need to use paid item to lure invaders?
One thing I want to see return is beast forms. Hopefully they'll give us more or even more build variety with said forms. Would be a great mechanic to see come back.
God, I’m so stoked for open-world Souls. Magic actually looks fun and viable now.
Pineapple  can you do a video on weapon movesets
No point in playing this game since I can get the entire game spoiled by people playing the game 7 months ahead of the release date.
Yeah, I'm gonna be glued to my PS5 for awhile
I wish I could
If the net code is good and no cancerous metas develop this could possibly be fromsofts best pvp ever, hype!
I think something the network testers should have emphasized more is the fact there is a decent amount of stuff that was moved in from other areas that aren't going to be in the same place as they are in the test.
Thank you, Pineapple!!
Excellent video! These caves and some of these outfits give me a Dark Souls 2 vibe! Along with the twinblade and powerstance of course. DS2 is my absolute fav souls!
I hope it runs good with ps4😅
Still not sure what class to pick when the open network test starts
is it so much to ask for the game to just let me fully coop through a game with shared progression
can you swim
You had me at poise.  My body is ready for this game.
I'm so happy to hear they added spawn points next to bosses, I can deal with these games having hard bosses but what I can't deal with is having to run past a few dozen enemies or ganks for the 50th time just to go fight a boss again, its like I have proven I can get through this BS can I just go fight the boss now please
Can you swim
im really excited for this game. it'll be my first soul type game and it seems really great, although ive got a feeling theres lots of knowledge ive got to catch up on from the from-software games like summoning signs and such.
0:15 Boys, we have crabs. This is truly Dark Souls 4.
If the open world just feels like a dark souls level and not an open world, I don't see how that helps ur argument against people saying that eldin ring is literally just dark souls.   Cause it's literally just dark souls lol.  Not saying that's a bad thing.  But it def makes it feel like nothing changed. And if ur burnt out on dark souls right now, it may not help u decide to get the game day 1
Invaders have always been the sweatiest losers in all Souls games so these changes are great, still gonna let them catch up just to dc on them or force-overload their inventory.
That solo player change is fucking amazing. Thank God I can left alone to play the damn game
So you played on the Ps5 and looks like you're death load times were almost instant, like 2 seconds or so. I watched ACG's video on the network test and he played on Series X and that was one of his big complaints was the loading times on death were like 10-12 seconds. I've got a ps5 or a pc so I'm happy but usually the Series X M.2 is a little bit faster than the Ps5 SSD. Maybe the games better optimized on Playstation as of right now?
I can confidently say with with all my honesty, TAKE MY MONEY ELDEN RING! Pr-ordered ✅
I really want to watch this but at the same time I want everything to be completely knew when it comes out, so I must resist the temptation.
As always ppl that haven't completed the game and are already invading are gonna be a thing. I'm gonna do a solo playthru w/o watching a single fucking guide to ruin my experience and then I'll play with friends. I think the optional pvp is a nice touch. I'd extend it to even optional pvp when you are with a friend but hell, it wouldn't be a souls game if you'd feel 100% comfortable with everything that's going on. My main grudge with pvp is the effing desync and the meta slaves that is always gonna be a thing.
Excellent coverage, IP. You're probably the only one that went in depth in the fighting system, putting some of the most skeptic watchers at ease, hopefully. Sure thing you got me even more hyped than I already was.  Yet, not gonna preorder. That's a stupid market mechanic that needs to die. Please gamers, be smart. P.S. Personally very much on board with the multiplayer mechanics. A solo player can actually play solo, while who decides to dabble with MP will get everything the game's MP signifies. Genius move as usual.
I guess its a buy on launch not wait for sale.
SNAKE SHIELD was amazing. Very glad to hear CO-OP is much better.
My right ear enjoyed this video
You know we only give a shit about the online
I'm done been hype baited. This game does look nice, sure. What I really want to know is how it fairs under scrutiny over time. Also I would loved to have seen the dungeoneering aspects, interactable dungeon puzzles are some of the best, but lacking from so many games.
Am I crazy for wanting some mad modder to "port" this whole game into Blade & Sorcery. I just... really wanna explore a From-world in VR is all... and fight things that'll horribly kill me.
First 7 minutes, already like what I'm hearing. Things like NO STAMINA REQUIREMENT WHEN RUNNING OUTSIDE OF COMBAT and "interactive" environment when fighting monsters.  Just some things that "make sense". And seeing that it's from From Software, and that it just looks like it took a lot of the good things from DS, BB, and Sekiro... can it really go wrong? I mean, sure there might be things that you don't like... if you nitpick, but yeah, you get what I mean.
if I hear pewds talk about opera one more time, I'm gonna lose it.
When is the release date
Even if this was dark souls 3 part 2 I’d pay the price tag they’re asking.
While it looks like a good game it's really just more dark souls and I think From software not being able to learn from Sekiro and just diverting back to more Dark Souls is troubling.
OMG, Iron Pineapple has a voice, Jesus.
I’ve been looking forward to this game for sooooo long. I can’t wait to get lost in it for a couple months
You really explain greatly how ambitious this game really is despite the assets being reused   This game might finally surpass botw as my favourite open world game . I’m super interested now  I wasn’t into the dark soul series cause of the small linear world but elden ring is finally what I wanted
I SAW A LANCE! Monsterhuntersouls! (the lance guard counter looks and works almost the exact same as the MH lance).    Edit: you're the first person i've seen to actually use mounted combat effectively: everyone can shut up about how its crap and git gud now. tyvm.
My only hope is that I get invaded by The Great Iron Pineapple just as I did in DS3. \0/
Are you able to fast travel with a coop phantom? If not, I think not having your horse in online play is going to quickly become a big inconvenience.
People only piss and moan about the visuals because they were spoiled to hell and back by Bluepoint with Demon's Souls Remake. If that game didn't exist, not a single one of those people would so much as make a single noise. FromSoft isn't Bluepoint. Never was. Never will be. The priorities are different, the process is different (I mean, a huge part of Bluepoint's work went into assets and polish when compared to regular game development), and FromSoft games have always had a very distinctive style. They've stayed true to that, and honestly, I'm glad they did.
No. Don't get my hopes up. I want combat faith spells to be amazing again. Please god don't 1.05 patch me again.
u cant have 3 halves 🤷‍♂️
Best 25 minutes of this month
Damn this guy can get 3 halves out of his audience. Crazy 22:07
why the video is on PShit 5??   XBOX SERIES X graphics are FAR FAR WAY BETTER... i cannot understand why to show PShit 5 version....
I signed up for do the network test but nothing happened after that I don’t know why they didn’t email me back I know when the times and everything but can’t get emails from them I have a ps4 pro what did I miss what can I do to get a hold of them ?
I JUST WANT A NORMAL MULTIPLAYER EXPERIENCE
Instead of a horse. It should have been a mountain goat.
Those are Pinguinus impennis? 1:11
every one posting this game play is shit ruining all the suprise and interest of new game shame on you.
THAT'S MY BOY PROD GETTING DUNKED ON BY THOSE SPELLS!
DS2 is objectively dogshit, but i sure did like stances.
I want to be able to kill goblins in caves.
When 8 hours worth of meaningful gameplay is a “small” portion of a game, you know that game is already gonna be amazing.
My body is ready
i was avoiding watching any gameplay of Elden Ring because i didn't want to spoil it for myself but this looks awesome. Definitely a day one purchase.
8:45 Did that troll just grab the cart as it fell to prevent falling hard? I find that extremely amuzing and awesome that they took account of little details like that. Unless it was pure luck but looking at all the rest they did something to make sure
I want to see which location will be chosen as the official non-official fight club of elden ring
Opening: "Game is good."  Sick. Not watching anything else. Sorry, but I want to go into this as blind as possible.
Looks super but i dont lik much the flying jump horse idk, seems like a quick unchallenging uninteresting fix to cross vertical gaps. At least give him wings and make it feel physical a lil, or make a magic spell idk, with aim, judging speed distance..
Hope they actually turn poise on on launch this time, instead of leaving it turned off and just not acknowledging it for like 3 months.
Honestly I love seeing FromSoft being so confident in their product that they not only allow, but encourage content creators to show the game off and say whatever they want. Working in the industry this is a good sign of a healthy game and a competent team (no surprises there though).
10 fingers seems a lot and might be a placeholder
I appreciate you saying it’s good in the first 30 seconds. I don’t wanna be spoiled but care about your opinion on it
that merchant is literally dressed like santa claus
I'm not a fan of dark souls, but this game looks sooo good
“Elden ring is just a mod of Dark souls”-shit take from someone who hasn’t bothered looking at anything other than part 1 of a media walkthrough.
i love to see the animations from DS1 is still here in Elden Ring for some of it. and it's not because they are lazy or dont have the time... it because ''If it ain't brok, dont fix it''  They still may 10/10 games with old animations. best god dam Game Company ever...
I really wanna play the Beta but I also wanna go through it blind completely.
From all the gameplay ive seen, the game seems much easier than the past games. Hope im wrong. Bosses seem to die quick.
Does that mean Giant Dad is back? I hope they let us do at least a similar build
Should’ve shown the insane I frames on the jumping animation, it’s hilarious
THE MIRACLE BUILT IT IS REAL
Only got to play on the Closed Network for 30 minutes before the serve shutdown for the time being, and I already wanna go back 🥺
TWINBLADES!
ehh 6/10
Damn sounds like this game really updates the DS series. A lot of things are so much better. Really wanna play it on release. xD I'm assuming killing a boss as the summoned player is the same as in DS, as in it doesn't make the boss dead in your own world too? Wondering cause the way I played DS is always killing the boss alone then joining my friend to play with him until he gets to where I am, then me fighting that boss again to help him. And repeat. But always wanted to experience the world in co-op for the first time. Also I hope there's a ring type thing that lets me look normal while in co-op. I'll gladly sacrifice a slot for it. Never liked the phantom appearance. xD
I think the sleep arrows should have a bar where it is instant on man-sized enemies, but bigger enemies need either more arrows, or a more powerful tranquilizer on the arrow.
22:07 - 150%. Now that's a game!!
I love how your first interaction with a NPC in the demo is a dude who pretty much says, "You have no bitches, no go away and die in a hole." Also I totally missed that hole in the tutorial cave and I could not figure out how to two hand my weapons. I definitely missed a lot!
The fact that the horse disappears when playing coop is a bit of a disappointment to me, since it feels like an unnecessary downside. Particularly if there's other sections like that one you mentioned where you're supposed to use the horse to get in, but don't have some sort of work around. I'm sure there's some reasoning behind it, but hopefully most or all such sections can be worked around without too much trouble.  The only other disappointment is seeing that magic is still relatively limited. I get that it might be too powerful if it worked the same as stamina, but given how much the preview stuff showed it almost constantly, it feels like it should be more of an option as a general use aspect rather than something you only get a handful of casts on before you have to go back to standard melee combat. The refilling resources does help alleviate that, but I can see it being an issue still in boss fights or long dungeons. Being limited though can often make such things feel "too good to use" because you want to save them for upcoming fights or certain enemies.
60fps lock once again so will be waiting for big sale
Might as well call it darksouls 4!
I'm glad that crafting is optional. I don't want to have to kill animals in video games. F you New World and Valheim for making me. Yes I get it dragons are animals... bleh you know what I mean if you're an ethical vegetarian or vegan.
I usually try to wait for a game to see if it's actually any good but I can't help but be hyped. This game looks really promising and Fromsoftware hasn't let me down yet.
Looks waaay better than I expected. I'm so hyped rn.
So another bullshit unfair game that fucks you hard ok
So dark souls
Great review. Subscribed
"A 25 minute video? Well, I'll watch the beginning at least. Oh wait, it's over?"  Great video, Sir Pineapple.
Damn yall playing Elden ring?
Okay, but let's all take this with a grain of salt as we remember the dark souls 2 network test. Then the final release scaled everything waaay back. It looks incredible, but we've all been baited once before.
It's funny how streamers always get beta access and regular peasants that have been diehards since Demon Souls just get forced to watch
I'm seriously pissed at people who said it' DS3 part 2, if so then what? It's part of Fromsoftware identity so if you keep saying that then you don't know shit other than DS, just like how every reviewer said that DS is the hardest game.
HA DEX GOT SCREWED AGAIN! LOOOSERS!
Torrent has horns, clearly it's part mountain goat.
What if theres also a trap jump pad or 2 that just catapults you into deep space followed by "YOU DIED" lol
Have you (or any) come across whips? I know there was one in the early trailer, but haven't seen them in any of the recent gameplay
"It's over tree sentinel, I have the high ground" "YOU UNDERESTIMATE MY PATHING!" runs to the high ground with you
I have 3 months to buy a PS5.  I can do this.  Right?
By Two-handing you surely mean Dual Wielding? In the first clip where you mention it you are dual wielding and talking about alternate hands, but later you are using a single weapon two-handed.
Looks like I'm gonna try a souls game again
This wil be my first ever soul game can’t waith to die...a lot lol
30 hours? Your a very lucky man. This is one of my most anticipated games of all time and ive been gaming for 31 years (im 37). I bet this will be game of the year if not by so called journalists, then by the fans. Im so glad you dropped this video thank you.
Me: OMG yes, I really want to play this game. Me: *Remembers that his only console is a Switch, and the PC can't handle the game* Me: Ow (emits crying noises)
How can they not make a functional and properly working multiplayer mode in 2021 still? You can tell there is still a significant delay in PvP.
Dragons dogma's stamina wasn't that bad, come on
This already looks pretty polished
Did I hear that right? Powerstancing is back?   Amazing
I see Turtles everywhere in pvp, the perfekt inviroment for reaktion players 😂
Ok so the only two things i'm worried about now is the game being too easy and the story not being as good as every previous game
What a shame it's too hard , looks like a great idea of a game
I hated Dark souls 2, but power stance was epic.
Dark Souls 3 part 2? I get more of a Dark Rings / Lord of the Souls vibe if I'm honest. And as a fan of lord of the rings that simply doesn't have the patience or timing for soulsbourne games...... this unnerves me.
I thought I was gonna hate this game and call it dark souls 4 but boy From everything I watched . the more hyped I got. From soft gets everything right. Except the jump animation, the could've done better
Oh yay! Forced online interactions are back! Super! Now I don't have to spend any money on this!
Lmao "I climbed everything" you didnt climb shit :D ILL CLIMB EVERYTHING WHEN THIS GAME COMES OUT you can ask my friends im like a crackhead to any- look -in guild wars 2 i promised my friend id level him up, i ended up bringing him to 65% of ALL the jumping puzzles in the whole game before he was like "Dude how is this supposed to help me level?" And i was like "Oh shit right i forgot"  Did you know there is an entire game mode/ map type in all counter strike games made specifically for climbing? Dont recall what they call them now but the map type used to be xc_ (Extreme climb), there was my less favorite bhop_ maps, and altho this isnt really climbing, i used the physics behind this in other games.... surf_ maps  When new world came out and i found out you can pull yourself up ledges.... i made it my objective to climb every building that didnt have a forcefield on it.. and i ended up climbing over a forcefield by accident and getting stuck inside someone else's property
can tell you know your stuff by using words like diegetic and semiotic that's some university gaming jargon right there
Does it play more like ds or bloodborne? Asking as more of a bloodborne fan.
Unless something goes very, very, VERY wrong until its final release, this might become my new favorite game of all time. Holy shit, this looks amazing.
Can you swim in the game?
Looks good, just not happy about open world. Makes the game boring for me real fast
What's with the speed talk, slow down!
Still looks like just slightly different Dark Souls 3. Just open world.  Like at least add some brand new wrinkle to combat like swords clashing together idk.  Mounted combat looks like the biggest addition to combat.
The no solo play invasion is so good change. Probably the best one yet.
If I wasn’t planing on buying this game already, I one hundred percent would after hearing about the SNAKE SHIELD!!
I feel like the souls format is getting played out but this looks really good
Just seems like they’ve literally taken the best bits/mechanics from every one of their games and rolled it into one. This is exactly what I’ve been waiting for. *PRAISE THE SUN*
You had me at crab people.
What the fuck?! "It doesn't look good"?! are those people on crack? "Well my graphics card doesnt seen start to smoke with max settings i dunno if this game looks good" fuck out of here with your 5000$ graphics cards this game looks like i might need to upgrade my computer
Hey, yo... 7:55  FUCK AMERICA!
It's just dark souls guys bias review
I like the bloody finger mechanic, it will turn invasions into a bunch of smaller battles and youll start to learn what the invader does
Breath of the elder souls
Can you swim like in Sekiro?
Twinninblades are back baby!!!!
DUAL WEILDING BABY!!
Super glad about the invasion changes, I have less than zero interest in pvp in any of the souls games so being able to just turn them off is huge.
You played a demo for 30 hours, I think you may like it a bit
Did anyone try to use sleep arrows in PvP?
I'm eagerly awaiting to play this on PC
I see that twinblade and not only am I having some good ds2 vibes but I'm also super excited to use a weapon I love!
"cheesing big enemies in every souls game" *me walking up to manus with my trusty bow and a shit ton of arrows*
Is it ~10h of story or could you only play the 10h in the test?
Perhaps I’m misunderstanding… when you say you press and hold the triangle (y) button, do you mean that when you release the button you automatically go back to 1-handed?
It’s strange, you seem to praise things in this game (and many of the souls games) that you criticise the steam dumpster diving games that you cover.
Can't say I'm too happy with ds1 poise, as I personally preferred how it worked in ds3, but the game seems to be on track to be the best so far.
Best part:You can pre-order game on PS4 until you can get a PS5. Perfect
Thank fuck that fucking kick is gone. I am so tired of missing an r1 finishing blow because my guy decided completely on his own accord totally against my will to do a shitty fucking kick.
So hyped now thanks for a great video
12:26 "Powerstancing is back baby!" I came in my pants the moment you said that.  Thats it then, just like dark souls 2, no matter how bad the game might be, i'll buy it just to powerstance every weapon in the game.
It's still pretty sad you can't enjoy the game with a bunch of friends without the pvp. I hope there can be an item or something to just stop people from invading. Not everyone want to bother with pvp ^^ Tried to play some dark souls 3 with a friend to make him discover the license of Souls, but got invaded over and over again by people with weapons and spells that should not be here at early stages. So I guess twinks (low level super min/maxed characters for early pvp) will still be there in elden ring and I'm kinda afraid of it. I don't want my friends to ragequit the coop just because they don't like pvp :(
I wish i could play these games I'm just too bad😔
Biggest thing since Skyrim from what I seen
Shields seem way overtuned in this game... In DS3 PVP most people already were hiding behind their shields 24/7 while having infinite stamina to dodge as well, and here you can block 5-6 attacks even from bosses with a basic shield while barely taking any damage.   Plus you get access to a powerful counter. This only encourages people more to hide behind their shields all day long both in PVE and PVP...
i can imagine people complaining about invaders abusing the "respawn" trick... but like, there's always going to be 2 or more of you and only one of them.  i honestly don't see it as much of a problem, and is very useful if you end getting surrounded by a bunch of poeple.
No mention of the ghost summons? I was pretty interested on how those work, but I'm glad co-op is back nothing is as fun as raging with friends.
All the how about jumping makes me think that there was a design meeting at FROMSOFT after DS3 that went like: "We would like to add jumping to our next Souls game, and recognize this will require a lot reworking of our environments, any suggestions about how we might streamlined this process?" "Oh! You know what I heard? Ninjas jump! Let's make a game about ninjas, and if that works we'll just mash that in with Dark Souls and be good to go!" And then they started making a new Tenchu game and got way too much into it.
Definitely seems like they were heavily inspired by Breath of The Wild. Looks fun!
Sry, but that turns me totaly off… Seems like an typical fantasy open world. I dont want an open world, i want a fromsoftware game with good designed levels. Also it seems like this game requires online to have his full potential and i dont give sony my 60 bucks
This gonna be my first souls like game, I cant wait for my asshole be a chasm.
I'll gladly take more in game content over spending the time to improve the graphics when not to mention they already look great and same for the repeat animations. Someone said what's the point in fixing something that isn't broke I frankly agree. This game is  really seeming to be more than I wanted. Can't wait
I never finished a souls game, but now I want to start them, just to get ready for elden ring. I'm a scrub, so one will take me atleast a month xD
are there any giant spiders?
Bro like come on game is grrat beautiful but its easier? I mean item burden tied to strength and bonefire that literally guide's you idk man but game seems fun
Can I use mouse and keyboard to control all the button ?
>sneaking up on an enemy with a lit torch
Fromsoft has such a good run..even with the lowest ds2, its still in top 10 games of that year
even dark souls 2 pre-downgrade e3 demo had better graphics.
Idc Most important feature in elden ring is a loyal waifu like any other souls game, thank you from software
That "horse" is basically Yakul from Princess Mononoke. Especially the way it jumps. I wonder if they were inspired by that.
I want that damn back scratcher.
are we gonna see a let's play from u?
the problem with these games is that they are made for console which dont have great camera control on controllers,  resulting in the camera going everywhere. what they should do is make the camera always face the front of the player model so ur always in full control and have the default for the kids on console
How the fuck isn't there anything wrong with this game. It's like my personal dream come true and It's soooooo gooooooooooood. I even think I'm gonna preorder this game (i never preorder the only other preorder was doom eternal and battlefield 1 (still the best battlefield imo) when i was like 16 years old...good times)
15:43   I am expecting those floating orbs to have a bigger meaner version in the full game
People who never helf a switch in their life : "wow nintendo hardware is so bad, the switch is lagging ALL THE TIME" Me who played 200 hours of breath of the wild whitout a single lag : "what ?"
While it's obvious as to why you're kicked off a mount when in multiplayer, part of me can't help but feel there should be an area or covenant where they're allowed. PVP jousting/mounted combat might very well be fucking amazing.
I WANT THIS GAME!
Idk what to think now that I know you like dark souls 2
Powerstancing my favorite mechanic
Open world Dark Souls makes it more of a Zelda nostalgia trip for me. It was always a nostalgia trip with the combat and puzzles just minus an overworld. Now there is one and walking around finding caves and dungeons to loot will be a joy. I hope they have some hidden caves that you can open with firebombs.
The most useful and entertaining Elden Ring video yet
This will force me to get a ps5
I am really happy that during solo play invasion is now an opt-in without having to run around with effectively half my maximum hp like it was in DS3. I always really enjoyed the pve of souls games but the random invasions that could happen at any time were way too stressful for a game that already was quite tough for me. As long as the tongue thing is easy enough to craft this will be a great balance between having the pvp while also making the game more accessible for people who much prefer to play the pve instead.
ngl this didn't do it for me i wish from would stop just making dark souls but with another coat of paint because that's what this feels like wish they go back to armor core or stop being a one trick pony maybe my mind will change when it releases
Good video
20:21 I like the idea here, prevents hosts from running and hiding. Good idea whoever made that up, and for it being one sided, is actually fun too. I have so many plans, tbh.
People complaining about graphics are usually spoiled rat people living off of welfare.
Ok ok I hear ya, this looks like a great game… BUT what about shield only builds?
So, miracles are really good now, strength also raises your equipment load, DS1 poise is back, and PvP seems to favor strong single hits since follow ups aren't guaranteed...  It sounds like my favorite kind of build, a strength/faith paladin, is more viable than ever before.
0:18 new season attacks on titan looks amazing
But... do we get whips?  I need to be able to recreate my Belmont-esque character ive been running since darksouls 1.
too bad they didnt use Bluepoint to develop this. this looks bad compared to the Demon Souls remake.
Cheap!!!! Ratchet!!!! Hoochies of Windsor Castle. Brood of vipers!!!! HYPOCRITES. Jeanette Archer, Karly Franz, Donald Marshall, Phil Chuppa, Kathy O'Brien, All Chocolate People who were Aboriginal to the lands they destroyed with lies. Fakes, murderers!!!! Child abusers!!!! Vagabonds of transgression!!!! You shall not pass!!!! Liars will not inherit the Kingdom.
I hope this game is good for people who hated Dark Souls but loved games like Dragons Dogma
No combos is huge. Have not played the game but it feels like strength and magic (faith?) seems really good. Interested in the arcane stat though. Might be part of some crazy spells late game.
I am so hype for strength relating to equipment load. Think this will fix strength builds.
I have never really wanted to get good at pvp and invade random people but with elden ring this pvp and stealth hunting a host seems so fun. Can't wait
Jump off cliff and land a headshot with bow jump attack as a killer move...that would be fcking satisfying!!! Specially in pvp no way you are cool enough to pull it off...
dragons dogma comment hit home as im playing it atm lol
Fromsoft aren't at the forefront of graphical fidelity...  Fromsoft aren't at the forefront of anything!😂 Everything about their games is clunky, dated and laughably bad even it's fanbase is one of the worst in the video game front. It's literally the same boring, turgid shit over and over again, repeated more than a Ubisoft game.
hype!!!!
You left out from the spells, how much more fluid the bolts and stuff are. In ds 1-3 they were really janky and rigid, but in elden ring they seem to have more of a fluid then bolt style to them
This game is 3.5 months from release and looks so good...
what's the deal with the dark souls 3 part 2 thing btw?
Tod Howard managed to sell Fromsoftware his horses
Eh.
Looking great. Although the idea that you can't just get invaded randomly anymore is annoying, was one of the finer features of why Dark souls was great for me.
I'm SOOOOOOOO excited, Dark Souls 1 became and is still my all time favorite game since I got it a little after it's first release and this might be the only game that could top it! I fucking love FROM SOFT, thank you for making games fun and exciting again!
It is not dark souls 3 part 2, it is dark souls 2 part 2.
i cant bloody wait for this game
You answered most of my question on gameplay and look of the game thank you.
Looking at this, it reminds me a lot of mgs5, taking this popular kinda weird non open world game and making it open world. This seems even better though, goat rolling got me.
Did anyone notice at 1:21 Oroboro, Vaatividya ? :D
Aaaaand still seemingly no option to turn off invasions when in co-op, for those who like playing with friends but don't like PVP. Ugh.
"It just works" : that's the lesson here, when it's up to your players to feel that, and not you to pretend it ;)
im so excited, this is going to be goty
My man said poise like in DS1 and my heavy attack claymore gamer ears perked up
Finally, my arch-nemesis that is DS2 and DS3 vitality  has been slain. (Jokes aside great video, super excited for the game)
It just looks so... fun
Do you think the game will be too forgiving? Other than the horse thing
nice, finally a reason for doing charged attacks apart from liking how they look
Ok, I watched all the elden ring videos from the network test. And this one….this is by far the best at introducing the new features and giving some in depth infos.
hopes for this game never be able to 1vs1 and invade otherwise online experience will be a waste
Is this game real?  Are we all sharing the same dream?❤️
So it like the devs decided to have their horses be a three-way cross-breed between mountain goats, some type of big cat like a mountain lion, and Skyrim horses.  Might just sell me the game solely based on that.
Giant Crabs = have my money
Well, now I'm going to have to get a PS5.
The only thing i wish they add is them giving co op player's the chance to replenish their flask so you could simply use a magic build without having to kill yourself to regen and rejoin everytime..
After watching vaati's video I feel like the place you meet melenor isn't always the same. Maybe the 3rd or 4th grace you get to.
This looks like the best souls game to ever exist
This…THIS IS AMAZING
Did 6ou say 8 hours of content...did you mean 80 hours
The real question is however...  _Hornet Ring, old friend... Where art thou in this new world?_
2:15 i could physically feel those pictures
Generally, I do not like the open world (sandbox) genre except for a few titles (Tsushima; even that is because its story is the main driver). But my suspicion is Miyazaki actually had Sekiro as an experiment to test our open world mechanics. So in fact his ultimate goal is to transcend his action RPG brand. And honestly, I think he's going to succeed. I believe ER will redefine open world from the current standard boring cookie cutter, like how souls redefined the action RPG genre.  And I feel the tech is something quite revolutionary as well, squeezing so much content into a 7gb file. Need validation on this one :3
I am massively looking forward to this.
From soft PVP is the least fun I have in video games. Stupid
The pineapple has spoken
What if you could spirit summon weapons. As in not just a spell that summoned it for a single  attack but you could sacrifice all your fp or maybe fp and hp to summon a boss weapon with all its power for a short duration.
The Darh Maul style twinblades  are back!!! I can’t wait for this game.
Doubters crying and throwing up rn
Crabs...
Big poise for BIG bois
i just miss armored core
I’d Dark Souls and Skyrim had a baby. That’s all I can think about.
WAIT... you cant mix and match weapons for power stancing? sl ike no double sided blade and a great sword?
Wow, looks awesome. Something like this i was expecting earlier and got Sekiro. Sekiro is a nice game but completely different from what i expected.
The only game that will be OK to preorder, it seems.
Probably the coolest video out of 10, I've watched.
TIME FOR CRAB
Well fuck... Elden Ring is gonnabe the one game to pull me away from Warframe.
Jolly good content old boy 🍸
I cannot take my eyes off away of how much this game is legit beautiful and made me felt like I’m back playing Fromsoftware’s series
It seems the camera is still godawful
I'm still wondering why you need to say more, if you played 30 hours to a beta, it may mean something xd
I’m a little worried about the re-used content tbh.
I'm excited for this game and also FighterPL's trolling videos that will come
You said "half of you" 3x.
So what if majorly suck at souls based games… (Yes I know I need to “git gud”) but would this be a good game to play even as a beginner?
This not a horse it got horns and can climbe on everything... IT'S A GOAT!
Wait a minute, Stonedigger Troll looks like the giant from DS2 that just walks around...
To be fair, graphics are indeed worse than in trailer and that lead to false expectarions.
I've been playing Cinders trying to scratch my itch for this game until it comes out... Needless to say I'm beyond excited
When he said equipment load is now tied to strength i c*mmed so hard i almost passed out
Tongue runs
now maybe they can get around to making a new ARMORED CORE
15:16 I bet somebody will do a Elden Ring Pacifism run with that knowledge......
So this is basically Fromsoft's Zelda game.
Why do some of your clips have a big health bar?Is it one of the classes that has a bigger health bar? The class i picked didn't have that much.
I'm not so sure about the open world aspect, I get the feeling it will feel lazy and not as thought out as the rest of the games when it comes to map design.
This is probably a weird complain but i would have like this game more if it was maxed up to 6 players like in ds3. 4 players is okay but 3v3 were just so fun and chaotic. I hope game is able to play up to 6 players at release.
The souls like we've all been hungering for
I think a lot of people are overlooking a really important horse feature   Torrent is very cute
90% of the people complaining about invasions only working on coop are the same people who think stomping newbies in undead burg with a glitched character with infinite humanities and 10+ gear is "the way the game is meant to be played."
My broke ass finna gonna try and buy a PS5 😭
I hope it'll be more ambitious than just DS4 with mounts.  Also, I hope they change up the UI some more because it's almost a carbon copy of previous DSs now.
ive been saying this was gonna be from softs best. this is their magnum opus. so excited for it.
So it's the Dark Souls of Breath of the Wild? :^)
thanks for the new game to be obsessed with, pretty cool looking
but can you raviolostep?
Solos' now can't be invaded? Yea-y, no more 5 fights against Na'vi wanna be at the same bridge when he just roll off the bridge 3 times out of 5.
I have high hopes. From the first gameplay, I had a sense that magic would actually be useful and fun. With the added boon of mix and match weapon arts, I'm hoping to feel more inclined to spend some mana. Dark souls 2 had the best magic imo and now I'm hoping to see spell casting offensively become more and more prevalent among all players.
Man, if Iron "I Tried About 8 Billion Different Games Trying To Scratch The Dark Souls Itch So You Don't Have To" Pineapple will call this "possibly the best game I've played" I'm pretty hype for it. The gameplay trailer they released did look like they'd learned every right lesson from every game so far to create the perfect culmination of everything good about the series. Been really glad that the reception to testing the game has mostly confirmed that.
Maybe it's better(or at least more fun) to still let horse combat in pvp but make it like if you damage mount enough it'll be locked for 2 mins or until invasion ends and horse summon will be slower(just make it like hp/poise scaled by avg lvl between all players) ... I wanna see some chivalry like duels.
I'm curious about balance though. From soft has never been able to get magic right and magic builds have always been a way to cheese the game, just stand from a distance and spam spells. Also will co op actually be balanced now or just another way to cheese the game?
a good game? no it cant be.....can it?
HYPE! IS REAL!
sounds like a good balance of difficulty and allowing you to enjoy exploring
Good to know IT does not have "much So great" Grafik, givse me hope my PC can run it
Imma book off a week of work for this.... gunna wait to book it as long as I can so that I am not effed by a delay
It's what ymfah said... Dark Souls 2 part 2 lmao
Liked and subscribed because within your first 2 minutes you gave me your honest and straightforward opinion. Well played sir.
Bro I'm waay too excited for this game..
But can I play as an Onion?
I'm two minutes into the video and it's already my favorite FromSoft game
Best video of all the ones we've watched on Elden Ring
Never heard of your channel before, gotta say you are very thoughtful, thorough, and knowledgeable about a lot of things most reviewers overlook. Great insight and great video
Awesome review. Watched every minute. Super stoked for this.
Mk its good. Not gonna watch the rest, dont need spoilers lol
The level of shilling of this game is insane, they somehow managed to buy more shills than Cyberjunk, impressive.
Wow it's like dark souls but sekiro.
so is it a full game for you or not ?
Is the L3 button going to be used for anything? If not FromSoft could bind the two-handing mechanic to that, and the player won’t have to hold triangle.
I keep thinking the merchant is santa
I am in the camp of not really wanting a Bloodborne sequel - but man does this make me wonder how amazing a sequel could be with all of this stuff that Fromsoft has learned from doing Elden Ring.
MY BODY IS READY
I’m lost at words.. this game is beyond insane.. I don’t even know to say..
This game looks absolutely incredible
ahhh yes... The Melina fan art has already begun
fromsoft have outdid themselves
MIRACLE BUILD
Just because fromsoft has a history of mediocre graphics, doesn’t mean they shouldn’t stride to improve or be better in the graphics department.  So annoying hearing the cliche excuses the fanboys spew about fromsofts lackluster graphics in their games.  Instead of pushing them to go above and beyond, they just give them a pass cuz ya know, gameplay and art style bros!  It’s almost like a cult they have built with their fans.  Who knew that in 2009, the start of a new religion was happening right before our eyes
does online progress both parties worlds so that its actually coop?
If Arcane = luck stat in Demon soul, This means there should be a blue blood sword equivalent. Interestingly enough if they would go for spell evolve base on Arcane stat. For example you can only cast Soul Spear but if your arcane high enough, you will get Crystal Soul Spear instead.
So this Dark Souls with ponys right ?
From someone who’s never played a dark souls or anything similar this game looks awesome
im fuckin' stoked!
You played with Peeve and Oroboro? Gross.
I'm not really into the souls games at all, but this looks pretty fricken sweet
Just saw a super cool video from fighting cowboy that had you in it and you should make more videos (if you want) I definitely think you’d get the views!
Reminds me of Skyrim
I want a lance for horse combat
Wait so there was no character customization?
Ugh i wanna watch so bad, but i also want to experience it myself. I'll wait.
Removing solo invasions as something that happens a lot was a mistake and will hurt the overall lifespan of the games online PVP outside of duels. It will also remove loads of interesting 1 on 1 encounters.  I'm very disappointed in how they decided to approach it. Hopefully they at least remove the cost of PVP item to allow solo invasions.  The rest of the game looks glorious, just disappointed in that aspect.
Why did you have to kill the mood by mentioning Dark Souls 2?  It's low quality trash compared to PS3 Demons Souls and Sekiro. So glad Tomohiro Shibuya quit the game industry. What a shitty director.
Maybe this is a stupid statement but... I already dislike the pvp system. Sure it can still change in better not being able to invade and being obbligate almost all the time into a 1v2? Meh
Watching this from start to finish, I gotta say, I'm VERY pleased. I didn't expect Fromsoft to bring back poise, let alone DkS 1 poise, power stancing, and weapon arts all in one game, improve on co-op and fight clubs. I mean invasions are pretty much a R.I.P as you'll be going against two phantoms and the host almost all the time, but everything else sounds really solid. As long as they stick to this and don't start changing things mid-way to appease the whiny sheep, I agree this could actually be the best game they've made thus far. Looking forward to it, but I'm done with hype, Cyberpunk 2077 tore my hole open with utter disappointment and taught me a lesson I'll never forget.
Damn I really want to watch this but I'd rather go into it blind
I might like it.
Just WOW! I'm really hyped aboup this game! But with this brief view via your video I have a little question... When you are riding your mount can you swing your weapon in left hand? Can you even use weapons in left hand like in DS2?
You SPEAK too fast. OKAY????????????????
wow 8 whole hours of content for a 60 euro game? what about 15 euros for 50 hours in hollow knight? is it really only 8 hours for the whole game or did i misunderstand something
POI POI POI!!!!
"You can jump"  Me: Shut up and take my money
Elden ring is gonna be exactly what I wished botw was
looks so fucking sick
So spending all my money on the premium collectors edition isn't a waste
nice commercial
Really hope I can make a pure bow build.  I always wanted to in ds3 since they had weapon arts and roll attacks but it was either low damage or sacrificed mobility to use a great bow.
Skyrim horses are surprisingly better at climbing
Kinda sound fanboy but you made really good points and seem to know your from soft games extensively and described every cool mechanic you could find, which was much appreciated. Overall great review, man and you make me super pumped to get my hands on this great game. They should pay you seriously.
So I need to ask, do world bosses respawn?
7:50 that bird got fucken wrecked
The People who are complaining about these little details are annoying. They haven’t even touch it and they can’t help but bitch about everything.
i came
It's crazy: the Souls series is one there people regularly throw hundreds, if not thousands, of hours at each title despite the relatively limited amount of content it has. Those are hour counts usually reserved for gigantic MMOs or (of course) open world games. So what if we take that same content, polish it up it in countless meaningful ways, and fully expand it into a REAL open world? Holy crap goodbye life.
I am disappointed that coop still opens you to pvp. Can I not play with a friend without worrying about dickheads looking to literally ruin our run?  "You can explore the whole world with your friend without interuptions" except the pvp guys who can't invade anybody else but you, because you are cooping. Am I the only one seeing how wrong this mechanic is?
Imagine if the archtree theory from bloodborne was true. Imagine some old boss like kalameet showing up. Or cleric beast jumping out of nowhere.
There's a tutorial cave?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!  I just ran straight for the exit into the open world! :(
Imagine pvping on horseback, so fucking cool
I can't wait to play this game. It looks amazing.
I know this isn’t a big deal to most players, but I just want to know is there character creation?
It feels like monster hunter, hmmm  Enjoy i must
Of course Elden Ring works as an open world -- the Dark Souls games are already open world!
soo elden ring unironically is the dark souls of dark souls franchise?
For the "boss cheese" portion, these days gamers tend to reward someone who does something the difficult way, whereas the games themselves reward them just for getting the job done, and I think that's a perfectly fine trade, so long as the encounter CAN be dealt with by not using cheese, and THAT's the real design goal to aim for.
Dude im gonna be real the game looks good but all the from software virgins react so hard on the most basic of things, yea pretty sure this game is gonna be super good but for real at the end of the day its just dark souls 3 with a reskin and open world.
God dam it just give me the game now I want it
Wow, I'm super impressed. It sound too good to be true.
My only complaint is that we should be able to pause the game while in single player. Since we can't be invaded anyways I don't see the problem. For me it would be a big convenience since i don't usually large amounts of uninterrupted free time and have to save and exist every time. Sekiro was nice because I could just hop back into gameplay as soon as I am ready.
that shield is from rising of the shield hero :p
I’m so happy to see that elden ring seems to hold the spirit, but not the body of DS2. The only thing I particularly want is for the jump to have a bit more arm movement since it seems you’ll do it often.
Ridiculous idea here.... they patch in a free battle royale pvp mode
I love how whe grew from DS1 Gameplays, to For Honor. To "souls like" up to this point. You deserve all this support for the content and I'm already waiting to play this as well.  Also, Thanks Kentaro for the inspiration.
Man I hope this gameplay is less than 12% of the actual game.
“I played elden ring for 1000 hours. My thoughts”
So no pyromancy? Damn, I liked being a sweaty swamp goblin that hurls big red lava balls at people.
14:51 That's so fucking cool, that's what I wished being a blood mage in Dragon Age was like.
Everything in the first 40 seconds is all I need to see and hear
I’m pretty new to FromSoft but I’m so fucking hype for this game
I'm obsessed with this game and have never played Dark Souls, so the background was incredible. Do you know how well cross platform co-op works?
I don't need to hear anymore shut up and take my money.
"bUt iT nEeDs An EaSy mOde!"
Tying equip burden to strength instead of endurance is one of the most intelligent things FromSoft has ever done. It just makes a hell of a lot more sense and creates a far better balance between the builds in PvP. A 40/40 dark build SHOULD NOT be able to wear the same heavy gear that a 40/40 quality build does, that's the price they should pay for having effective weapons AND effective buffs/spells. Based Miyazaki strikes again.
22:13 How can I relax when you just broke math.
Great video my dude. Really hyped for this.
"There's nothing to explore by jumping but it's still great" Is this an honest critique or are you defending your paycheck?
Easily Game of the Year. Looks amazing I don't think i'll leave my desk once this releases.
Great can't wait to get ganked almost every invasion
You mean Dark Souls 3.5? with some horses and jumping?
Nice video but the game looks to easy. Where is the challenge because I don't see it.
Thank you for all the effort you put into your content. We really really appreciate it! Can't wait to try this game.
So hype to play day 1!
Looks like the best game of 2022
"They removed the kick from the base moveset" You mean I won't accidentally kick an enemy I was trying to hit and get immediately punished for it and fucking die now????? This is the best news I've ever heard oh my god
Based on this information I’m back to being a strength/faith build, just like my preferred build in Demons Souls. Except this time I appear to have a much better set of miracles to use.
Vibrating with anticipation
Holy shit, this game legit should have been called Dark Souls 4.
STR/INT stat focus for the Pack Rat Muscle Mage build. "I'll cast Fist, just as soon as I pick up all these individual grains of rice."
Sick preview bro
God this video made me so much more hyped for this game. I CANT WAIT
Oh thank god because I think myself and many could probably agree the official gameplay reveal that was first put out looked like some hot garbage IMO I was worried that the Dark Souls Flavor was gone based off that video but all the gameplays from actual youtubers has remedied that worry for me. Only complaint I still have is actually the visuals and I don’t mean quality but I personally hate the big ugly f***ing🤬🤬 tree in the skybox, that and the weird kind of yellow filter that is on the entirety of the above ground field areas. That and idk how I feel about having a map and compass
Ah so that's why Elden Ring took a long time to develop. Glad it did tho made the game better in the long run
I see God of War, Dark Souls, and Middle Earth games all in one.
The invasion change kinda killed my enthusiasm for the game. I have to pay more resources just to opt in to pvp. And if I do this, I will be intentionally making it harder for myself with no added benefits. Not only that, but the people who are also going to opt in to pvp will be hardcore pvpers who will be more likely to meta slave. Why could they not leave it as it was: pay resources to get more stats, but also opt in to possible pvp? I'm not a hardcore pvper, and I'm pretty bad at it, but that sense of danger and decision making was always what made going through these games fun to me. I think it will be fun like Sekiro, but it's not for me. Big big big sad :(
ah yes horse souls...
It just looks like a Souls game mod
Me: *Happily opening my mouth to eat while listening to video* Pineapple: I'm talking to you Dragon's Dogma! Me (Dragon's Dogma player): *Sad noises*
The horse double jumped LMFA
I'm very excited for the game overall but am definitely disappointed by how much of it is directly copy-paste from dark souls. No clue how much that'll influence my actual enjoyment of the game but I tend to lean toward disliking reused content, especially on high profile games with long dev cycles.
Yung maestro should return </3
Saw the coil shield, and yeah that's it I'm preordering now. Words cannot express how much I love the snek shield.
This looks like a lot of fun, I’ve never played a souls game in my life so I’m hoping this will be a good way to introduce me into this genre
do you know if you can get invaded, in areas where the boss got defeated?
6:50 just replayed dragon’s dogma and I couldn’t agree more.
It’s like a perfect mix between dark sounds sekiro and blood born
ds1 poise was also a problem when a havel monster with the gold tracer r1'd you to death. so the fact that there are no* true combos mitigate the old poise system. working as intended
also finally, invaders can finally bully hosts :)
Ds2 good game? nah man that games was not that good compared to Ds1.
So it's basically Goat souls 4, got it. Goat cause you can literally jump over any surface, souls 4 cause it is obvious many animations are from ds3.
Good shit
bRuH, I saw those twinblades and I was sold.
I really, really hope they add character customization. FromSoft has always had some of the best options - like DemonSouls revamp customizations were soooo good. Not being able to choose to play as a female (I'm a girl, BTW) doesn't bother me so much as the fact I can't customize at all. I get why they did it for Sekiro - that was story about *that* specific character, but in this game the character is just called 'Tarnished', which seems more like 'Ashen One' - a blanket term. So... hopefully they let us customize during the actual game. I get why it wasn't in the testing and what not - they wanted people to play the game and not diddle around in the customize menu lmao.   Just, uh... it'd be a real, REAL big turn off for me if I can't make my character look the way I want them too. :/
So no co-op without invaders? Dang, guess I'll wait until someone figures it out with mods or something.
“I’m gonna list off a couple of moments that made me go hey!” *ad casually strolls in
open world dark souls. this is the next step. it is happening.
The merchant at the bonfire looks like he's holding some kind of berimbau, which is an instrument used by capoeira artists. If it's lore-friendly, It can probably turn into a weapon.   And yeah, it has a bow of sorts. More of a "pick" really.
If it's not broken, don't fix it, just build upon it.   What From seems to have done with this game basically. Everybody screeching that they didn't reinvent the wheel are barking off the wrong tree.
Wait did he say it’s only 8 hours?
IT JUST MIGHT, hell yeah so excited finally a good game to come out again. Also UNARMED META RETURNS! IMMA KICK YOUR ASS
shame looks like ill be late to the party until they give a slight discount :/
I’m tottally buying this game :)
"Bows are finally viable" >shows a clip of arrows doing like 10 damage each  so how much were you paid to say that
I usually never do a magic class at all in dark souls games. The most I do is a sword with pyromancy. But damn the spells in this game are so damn cool looking that I might actually make a sword - magic user.
I'm fine with you being able to cheese bosses because you can just choose not to. Never really understood peoples frustration with stuff like this in single player titles, if you don't like that a boss can be cheese then just.. Don't cheese it?  Also glad to hear they are putting spawn points near bosses, I'd always just use cheatengine to spawn me back outside the boss encounter. I saw no reason to waste 3min of my time running back to the fog gate on every death, you literally spend more time running back than you do fighting the boss in many instances.
pog
You've said so much in this video but all I'm hearing is "GET THIS MF GAME BRO" and I definitely will get it
LOL! If they are beating you as the invader give them the finger ...
solo no pvp has always been optional you just play offline and if you are forced to be online...  I never understood why anyone wants to invade and ruin other people's fun.
Hopefully elden ring actually tries to be a little bit survival like ds2 tried to be.
You fool, don’t say it’ll live up to the hype, that’ll just fuel the hype more!
Am I the only one who didn’t find the tutorial cave
So you're pretty much riding a goat
I want to play as an 🧅 again. I see a similar helmet in the early stuff but I wonder if there is a full set.
The horse guy should have a Lynel style attack for when people try to cheese it aka teleporting sky arrow that hurts like a bitch
Kinda sad they didn't do my ideal PvP mechanics. You can invade, but your physical location will be given out and you sign a waiver that you can be invaded irl. Let's see how many try it then.
PINEAPPLE!!!!! The og . Havent seen a dark souls vid in a while and look whos video popped in my suggestions
I'm pretty content with the idea of not being invaded while playing solo unless you want to, for a few reasons.   First, I just utterly despise the idea of taking my time, enjoying the scenery and tearing through an area at my leisure and making steady progress, just to have someone who *only plays* pvp and has studied every exploit, every glitch, every meta and so on, to invade me then instakill me or rely on npc enemies to gank me just so they could point down and pretend they earned their win.   Two, which ties into Elden Ring's mechanics and the exploitative nature of most pvp-ers, there's field bosses now, and from the network test it looks like invaders stick around even when you're fighting a field boss. Why would I ever be alright with finally getting close to beating an enemy that's been kicking my ass, just to have some loser hunting non-pvpers to give themselves meaning in life kill me and force me to restart?   Three, while I understand that ganks are annoying, I've dedicated time to pvp just to try it out and I hate ganks with a passion, invaders get an immediate gank by being able to camp the area the player needs to go to and then just harass them there.  I know pvp-ers don't like being labeled as a toxic loser like some other pvp-ers are, but not everyone is interested in having their day interrupted, getting kicked off the horse, having to put up with lag, cheaters, or cowards who run away to hide among the enemies.   Invaders have a lot of things tilted in their favor, regardless of how it seems, especially just having the ability to ruin the host's day and dwindle their resources down or ruin their progress, so while putting up with host ganks has its own metric shit ton of problems, someone who really just wants to play pvp should be able to get around it or be fine with trying their best.  If covenants turn out to be kill based in order to progress then I'll side with the invaders, but until we see how covenants act, if there are any, I'm sticking with my opinions.
What are the minimum specs for PC?
Not gonna lie, after years of investing in DEX, this will be the first time I'll ever go for STR instead. Medium Armour + Heavy Shield + Halberd + Magic build, LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
Amazing, might be first Souls game I will really try to get into. I bounced from previous ones as my reaction time is not fast enough to handle Sekiro and my life at the time was brutal so I didn't need this kind of stress in my leisure as well.
Ds1 poise is back...     POWER UP THE BASS CANON
I know this is INSANELY stupid but I had a genuine moment of childlike glee (including but not limited to rubbing my hands together, smiling like a madman, slapping my hands on my thighs and somesuch) when I saw the jump. Sometimes it's the little things in games that make you happy.
elden ring is already going to be game of year guaranteed. it already seems like this game not only will meet everyone's expectations but will go way over them in the future. I can't wait to see what they have for DLC already!
Skyrim Souls. Soulrim? :)
I'm just waiting for Armored Core 6
People forget Weapon art or abilities rather were a thing as far back a Kings Field. o.O But they were harder to use because you needed to have perfect timing back in the day on playstation to get them to go off. I'm getting a lot of KF vibes from this game. It's like a mash of every game they have released since the 90's all wrapped in one package.
Is the guard counter hard to pull off? You might have just made it look easy. I hope it isn't easy.
So as someone who has been around dark souls but never got too deep into lore. Is this related to darksouls as in ill need to do some binging now or can I go into this like sekiro and just played another good fucking game ?
I wonder if there are going to be any weird callbacks to an early Fromsoft game Eternal Ring, given that they both have Ring in the name. Thanks for the review. I was reticent but now I'm pretty psyched.
my problem (if its even a problem idk) with these games is they all feel and look like they released in 2010, the gameplay isnt super fluid like most modern games, like no climbing, just awkwardly jumping upwards to get to a higher ledge. Idk, just doesnt do it for me. I probably wouldve loved this game a few years ago but today I don't understand the hype.   I'm not saying Elden Ring is a bad game, just the hype behind it doesn't sit with me. I probably will get it when the price lowers though because i'm a sucker for open world games.  About the visuals, I agree with they don't look modern, however the character and monster designs are crazy good. I love the imagination that clearly went into them from an artist perspective but the lighting, texture quality and material quality just looks kinda flat for a newly released game. Something i'd expect from a new indie team. That being said, graphics arent everything. I think I need to see some real post-launch gameplay after the hype has calmed down and people aren't blinded with excitement (which isn't a bad thing I guess)   If you're into these games, you do you but for me I feel like the devs are stuck in the past but I am still interested in what they'll do with this one. Again, not saying it's going to be a bad game, just my first impressions - the hype doesn't sit with me, I don't see what's there to hype about other than its a new step for this company.
My big question is how is the difficulty spread throughout the map? Since it’s open world you have somewhat access to most of the map from the get go. But what I fear is that the difficulty in  most areas are similar, or that the enemies scale with your level like how skyrim does it. Is the difficulty varied between areas? Is it scaled with the player? Or is the difficulty level between area similar to one another?
IP: Talking about how two handing weapons now requires two buttons, because of gamepad button logistics PC players: wat
Looks dik crankingly good
I already know what my first build is gonna be #TwinbladeGang
FINALLY THE FASHION SOULS META IS CHANGING, YES POISE
Game looks boring
Horse double jump horse double jump
Awesome you could check it out early, wish you could have do so on a PC though and not just a console that kinda sucks.
The next era of online souls community. I found you from DS3 days and it feels like that whole vibe is back.
Duuuuuude power stance is back...how has nobody said this? It literally doubles build variety sure you want the double katana weabu but we cant forget you can use crossbows and lances too.
YEEEEESSSSSS!!!!! YEEEEEAAAAAHHHH! FINALLY!!! POISE RETURNS!! I swear to god I hated how poise essentially got deleted in every other DS game. not only did it make pvp combat a spammy R1 shitters dream, it really affected PVE too!! being able to ignore a fucking knife if I'm in bulky full plate armor is immersive and it makes heavy armor builds feel more rewarding, and it encourages build diversity!! I'm a huge proponent of heavy armor, big sword, big shield. it's my favorite way to play souls games. getting a high poise build felt so rewarding in ds1, being able to trade hits with bosses, stagger them, and get even bigger damage was awesome in 1! it made you feel like a fucking badass like guts! I am so happy they turned poise back on. it felt like every souls game made great weapons, and heavy armor a bigger an bigger disadvantage! I'm SOOOOOO happy there's been a course correction, because I thought after sekiro they might just scrap great weapons all together which would have been tragic.
the souls series can now be called *Paltformers*
It's official: Miracle Builds are viable now.  Do you hear that, Old Man? Now you have no excuse!
also i realy hope they put more attention to magic i aways thought that it lacked in the other ds games
Rolling goats. A meme is born.
brooo they copied the horse from skyrim that could magicaly walk up sheer cliffs while riding
It looks amazing, sadly I can't affford a device that could run this, however, hope the network is not as garbo as the other ones. Enjoy!
**Be me; le-chilling while playing and suddenly FUCKING WOLVES FALL FROM SKY** D:
Snake shield seems like a reference to Rising of the Shield Hero
I was, and still am really skeptical about Elden Ring. But actually seeing the mechanics, and the world, it's starting to feel alive. It feels like the devs went out of there way to avoid making programming and game mechanics such as frame data or damage values obvious.  Mainly with the fact that a boss can be semi cheesed with climbing cliffs, and using terrain. The boss seamlessly integrates with them.  And the RPG elements seem way, way better, like they want you to have character builds, use consumables and tools. Things that were completely slept on in previous games no longer have any developer bias against them.  As in, I could have just as much fun playing a mage as I could playing a thief or warrior.   I was really scared of this game being good, because it means I'd have to invest more money into a new console, or upgrading my PC to play it.  But to see that Fromsoft is actually putting in effort unlike Dark Souls 2 and 3, I really want to see the potential of Elden Ring unleashed.  I found myself grinning, and audibly saying "That's so cool!" Just. So many times throughout this.   I just wish Elden Ring looked different. I like vibrant, high fantasy colour pallets. How is this game I had no interest in, and was expecting to be bad looking to be one of my favourite RPGs? I wonder who the head developer is.
Why do I get excited seeing the controls on a new gane
Japanese devs are so much better than western sjw crybabys with their woke shit . Game looks fun .
Thank you for the in depth look. Can’t wait to see how the pyromancies have evolved and hopefully they’re quicker, at least on horseback
Christ this is going to end up being the greatest game ever made.  This game will raise the bar on every future game released by such an immense height.
I'm super not happy that invaders get so much cancer... You've literally proven in this video that people don't like being invaded. Stating that "most people wont enable solo invasions" despite the 2 items being craftable. Yet they make invaders not only teleport around, but know where you are, when you don't know where they are. Can't wait to hate this while trying to play with a friend. Everything else looks amazing.
I can't believe Elden Ring has Skyrim Horses! That's amazing!
Do any of you guys remember how there was a whole channel dedicated to giving daily Elden Ring news updates and how most of those updates was absolutely nothing. We’ve come a long way haven’t we?
I was a little underwhelmed with the last demo footage but this looks fantastic.
22:03 GIANTS...GIANTS...GIANTS...BECOME UNSTOPPABLE
https://youtu.be/Lzxtv0YOW_M
Thank for the great review, Iron Pineapple. I can't wait for this game either!
Me reading lame ass "game journalist" articles: "Blah blah what I read on reddit and have room temperature IQ"  Thank you for this video. Long time fan. My literal only concern is does the overall challenge of the game get dwarfed by the clear and amazing power creep. I'm totally hyped for all the new and updated mechanics, I'm only afraid of where most Open world game do and make you feel OP for so long by the time you are nearing later bosses etc, you feel like you're just going through the motions.
About cheesing the over world bosses, there’s one philosophy I’ve maintained since I started playing DS. The game will try to fuck you every opportunity it gets so you have to do the same to the game
POISE
There should be an anime called "I spend 300 years in the elden ring network test and maxed out my character"
Im so glad somebody went out of the way instead of walking along the clear path. I can only watch the same route to the boss so many times
It looks like Dark Souls 2 but a lot fucking better with the pretty environments especially
The feeling of jumping is equivalent to a 2 dimensional being discovering the 3rd dimension
Earned a sub with this video.  Voice is calming,  information is to the point and valuable.  No fear of gimmicky youtuber intro, outro, or begging for likes etc.
"Solid 8 hours of content"   ... honestly 8 hours is kinda pathetic?
"BOW JUMP ATTACKS" *Genichiro stamp of approval*
For my it's a GOTY 2021, the only i way i could doubt is if dragon's dogma 2 releases.
i still feel like the open world aspect defeats the purpose of a souls game. The way the world's paths intersected were a huge part of the game itself. Also jumping around like that seems like to much for pvp, hopefully the stamina in combat takes care of that. I feel like it is just going to be too much like BOTW; where there is a lot to do but in some way it all felt the "same" (like the shrines in botw) i hope i am wrong. I still cant wait to play it!... wrote this before watching the whole video XD
Is the big dragon head a faith spell? Cause I need, NEED, a good version of the dragon stone attacks from 3.
love how the enemy didn't notice solid snake with torch in his hand
Yo I’m so excited to finally be able to do real coop with my friends! And I don’t mind the invasion changes because honestly I hate having to disconnect my entire console from the internet to play DS2 and I never really enjoyed invasions in the first place. I’m glad it’s something you can opt into at any time rather than having it forced on you randomly.
another video of elder ring with tens of hours being few minutes...the more i see the more i know will not like it
glad to hear the open world takes the Dragon's Dogma approach of being meaningful and handcrafted.
Anyone who thinks this looks bad has zero actual taste in design. Just because I can't count the zits on someone's face doesn't mean a game looks bad.
The no guaranteed R1 combo make me worry about great weapons usefulness in PvP.
OOOOOOOH, ELDEN RING!
I'm liking that there's Powerstancing for Greatswords. Means you can fight like best girl in Highschool DXD Xenovia Quarta.
Are there gonna be spears?
This reminds me of Dragon's Dogma for some reason. Must be the open world coupled with the grounded aesthetic. Wonder if this is finally a game for me.
THIS LOOKS AMAZING! Hopefully we'll all be able to get a copy eventually :D
Lack of Dark Souls 1 style poise in later game was easily my biggest issue with them (absolutely nerve rending to get hit stunned by any attack your way, especially in situations like invading a host with phantoms), now that it's confirmed its back ER will for me be FROM's best game since Demon's Souls and Dark Souls. The only worrisome things is no guaranteed combos. I hope at least that's not true in PVE.
2:37 So i need to use the claw for two handing a weapon this time 3:19 Damn, that looks like Lance's Counter Thrust in MH. That looks satisfying
Strength boosts equip load. DS1 poise is back. Fast weapons can't chain hits with hitstun, even without poise. Is there a second stat besides weapon damage that dexterity boosts, the way strength boosts equip load? Because it sounds like going pure dex is just flat worse than going quality or pure strength in this game.
yeees!!!
I think the invaders teleporting away is fair. It makes them more unpredictable, and they need all the help they can get.
Finally, someone talking about coop.  Thanks a lot 😁
How does the loot system works in coop ? i've seen alot of videos but none shown if a phantom can loot chest and play like a true coop game. It feels weird to complete a zone with someone and then you have to come back at the same place another time solo.
7:24 Bro, that statuette is praising the sun. From Soft knew exactly what they were doing.
6:11  S...Santa-kun?!
plus weapon arts we can say were in dark souls 3 while you would hold the heavy blow (weapon art for battle axe were that you would charge and make the blow)
damm this game is beautiful
love it!
U are paid actor.
omg  I can already tell pvp is going to be incredibly toxic with these new features.
im happy that hud looks similar to bloodborne
I bet this game even has bonfires
No it’s not nigga this shit is dark souls 4
Hopefully therell be a public demo for it
Kinda pisses me off that the graphics and gameplay is still DS3 and Sekiro/DS.  But the game looks good.
So basically what I got was, this is a great “souls” game, funny I thought it was Elder something or other
I'm looking at YOU, Dragon's Dogma😂 Read my mind
The part where you get invaded only when you try to summon is very similar if not the same as Bloodborne
DARK SOULS CONTENT CREATORS ARE BACK HURRAAAY
bro just the beginning made me want to buy a ps5 from a scalper just for this game 😭
12:10 I think this was my biggest fear the whole time. That FROM wouldn't be able to translate the Dark Souls level design into an open world format. I'm really glad that's not the case. Hearing you describe it as a big Dark Souls level with lots of little Dark Souls level scattered in is a huge relief.
Yo I can't wait till you upload some content of this game 🤙🏾✊🏾
I definitely got invaded during the network test without even having found the multiplayer items yet.  Game kicked me off my horse and i threw down with him.  Got rekt but as we were fighting a blue spirit showed up.
hey man i love the video but i think you should put in a spoiler warning.... considering how detailed this video is...
You mention Dragons Dogma very briefly, but that means I'm gonna hold you to Dragons Dogma 2 news as it comes near
Imma start calling spam rollers “goats”
"Trust me." No.
689k views... You know what to do.
Great info, bro! I'm so exited! I preordered the game... 1year ago!!!! Uhaaaaa!
my thoughts are that i cant watch any ds youtubers right now because of spoilers goddamnit
It seems that the visual effect of replenishing the elden ring estus is often blocked by the "BLOODY FINGER DIED" message. I hope they fix this so these things appear at different times cuz the effect of those bottles refilling is really beautiful
This game is literally all of the soulsborne games combined but more refined
PARKOUR! HORSE ARCHERY! HORSE COMBAT! POWER STANCE! OPEN WORLD!  IT'S EVERYTHING I COULD HAVE EVER MISSED IN A FROMSOFTWARE GAME!  HYYYYPE!
My god the details in this game 👁👄👁
it looks perfect omg I cant handle it
I like that PvP is opt-in. That said. I agree it should be easier to get invaded when solo. Perhaps an opt-out system even would have been better.
Mannnnn all this championing of the longer r1 movesets and more variety of moves in general when running with r2s.. all this stuff was in Bloodborne
This guy just glossing over  the fact there is a fucking map?!
ahahah dragons dogma is indeed a great game.
I always wanted to do two types of builds in souls games: - necromancer (I don't think it's possible still), summoner is not necromancer - rogue/archer focusing on stealth and mobility
Night enemies - Black knight on a bridge appears
looks like skyrim horse has finally mastered ultra instinct.
quadruple blade mower build inc...
Man. I really want to get excited, but... you know, cyberpunk.  Man I wish they nail it. I really do. But I cant
8:58 i dont know why he showed us skyrim gameplay but i dig the New shaders he has
Can we walk through boss fog during an event? If we can't I can imagine some trolls just sitting in some obscure part of the world preventing you from moving on
This game is a dream
Can you remap buttons? For example, stealth on left thumb stick press is poison for me. I tend to clench my hands during bosses and always accidentally push it in. Lol
OK, all I understood from this video is that Elden Ring has MIRACLE BUILDS
For the fall in the beginning i feel it's to let you know what your base fall damage is so you can be a little risky if you know how much health you're working with
10:16 - So awesome to see something like this, the NPCs actually changing their move-set and doing a riposte animation. Makes them feel a lot less like NPCs :]
Nice video....but man so many spoiler ...I had to stop in mid as I felt like I will loose the fun when i play it...as I want to find things myself.
I blocked your dogshit account and it still keeps getting recommended to me...... my thoughts
Are you able to swim? Has anyone checked?
Im happy that when i solo i get to solo,  with out network shenanigans
And. ... Wrong. From software doesn't have to be known for graphic fidelity. But they ALREADY made the graphics. So why downgrade it to accomodate low iq console? Simply make two versions. One for pc. And one for all else trash.   There. Solved.
IP - do you think this game will be as appealing to new players as it will be to established Souls folks, or will it tick both boxes? I know a lot of gamers who shy away from the Souls series due to the "difficulty".
A JUMP SOULS GAME? TAKE MY MONEY
Ahhhhh, time to get a job and make myself a PC.
So is this a sequel/prequel to Dark Souls or not?
Is the Network Test available for everyone or what? Like how do you access it?
holllyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Why did you say that Estus Cancelling isn't in Elden Ring when it is? You keep saying that it can't be there because Elden Ring is “a new game”, but that's irrelevant. Elden Ring clearly shares the same engine as DS3, and its not the first time that games carry over bugs when using the same engine.
5:22 "L2 while holding a shield" how do you parry then?
nice, they have a skyrim horse now
So, the one thing I feel in love with from the Souls games, was the level design in DS1. Having all those little shortcuts connecting the different areas, being able to access a whole bunch of them if you go off the "intended" path right from the start etc. It was pretty much the main thing I missed in DS3, at least to the extent of DS1. Admittedly, I didn't even end up looking at the Ashes of Andariel DLC, so maybe I'm not giving the game enough justice. But from what I've seen so far, as well as descriptions in other gameplay videos, it doesn't sound like this game will go back to that kind of level design. Based on the mention of Elden Rings level design being a sort of culmination what FromSoftware did and learned in their other games, it does get my hopes up a bit. While I wouldn't be able to imagine an "open world" game (at least not when the term is used in the usual way) to really be able to replicate that feeling in the first place, maybe it does manage to do so?
I hope I don't HAVE to kill the sheep, can I avoid killing them entirely? Please? :C
Finally we can host a jousting tournament in a Souls games.
I wasn't really impressed by any of the reveals or trailers but the more I see of y'all playing the game, the more excited I'm getting. Next year is honestly looking to be a juggernaut of a year. Elden Ring, Horizon Forbidden West, God of War Ragnarok, Zelda BOTW2, Forspoken, Dying Light 2, Starfield, and Tiny Tina's Wonderland. The first 4 easily making it on the GOTY list. The only things that are bugging me of Elden Ring is the cloth physics and jumping animation. Both look a bit stiff in the network test compared to Sekiro.
Are you fucking kidding me? I accidentally skipped the whole ass tutorial.
Will elden ring be crossplay?
That is litterally the tree of life from fucking berserk
lol...nobody will be playing this with Season of Mastery coming out soon
Happy about the poise , Question we have normal invasion , or is not know ATM??
Is Elden Ring as frantic as sekiro? Or its speed is more like DD3?
I wonder if there will be some LORE thing in Elden Ring and it will not be just a number of levels without proper connections like it was in ds3. Like the game is literally have no lore. Its all just references to other games. And its sucks.  I hope Elden Ring will have lore like ds1 or bloodborne. And so there is no such things as meaningless buildings just for the sake of the lvl-construction and all things like that. I would like to believe the world i played in. Especially in the open world game. We will see.
The dude falling off the stairs at 24:23
can you swim in elden ring
Yeah man. Souls pvp. Said no sane or productive individual ever.
It's a shame if you really can't separate weapon arts from infusion elements.
When you all killed a dungeon boss did the coop player disappear? That's the main thing I'm wondering is can I coop up pretty much uninterrupted for a long time.
OMG YOU ARE IRON PINEAPPLE WTF I FORGOT ABOUT YOU
Looks amazing i will get it cheap in the Next year but i will pantiently wait for sekiro 2 nothing beats sekiro for me
Cameo in this video from Sphere Hunter
12:25 I was already hyped for Elden ring but this got me even more excited. I loved the powerstance thing from DSII and can't wait to see what weapon combinations I can use.
Patches is deffo gonna juke me
It's so nice to see power stancing is returning. The art style of this game reminded me a good bit of ds2 in terms of the environments, and ESPECIALLY the color grading, so seeing one of the best additions of that game return alongside weapon arts is really nice.
Iron Pineapple I still can not understand how POISE works ... is it posture style like Sekiro? ? ?
Still not preordering
Souls Borne: Ultimate. Guard counter remind me MH lance guard point.
Hope you can turn off the map marker thing
It's a shame that they killed off the random invasions. I was looking forward to those :(
I don't like the fact that there's respawn points next to boss rooms and difficult spots. Takes away from the overall experience. Frustration and getting that relieved feel after beating a difficult area and a boss is what's the game is all about. I hope they ramped up the boss difficulty to counter these respawn points.
I really, REALLY hope they update the manual bow aiming. In an open world environment, especially with mobility and verticality being so much more emphasized here than in previous titles its almost unacceptable to keep such a clunky system from past games
While I'm disappointed they didn't fix the 'invade co-op' thing, and in fact, doubled down on it, it's not that big of a deal, considering in DS3, you were almost never going to invade a solo...But you would always GET invaded solo, oddly enough.
So can you use the summoning spell during pvp or coop? I ask because the fact you can heal your summons opens up classic rpg builds like necromancers, druids, and conjurers.
it's not dark souls 3 part 2 it's more than that.   So It's Dark souls 3 part 2 and 3 and 4 right?
Anyone complaining about this game, isn’t a real From Software fan.
i was fucking amazed by that reflecting jellyfish
Now the darksoulverse is finally fully come to perfection, I hope FromSoftware will get Armored Core series some lovin' as well. I mean just imagine the next AC game with their experience, ideas and implementation of modern system, it would be amazing. Better yet, if they make it an open world too, that shit will be wild !
Let's add a Skyrim horse to the Elden Ring!?  Yes, of course a great idea !!!
I love all the mechs.
“ it’s like a bad Skyrim mod with an enb yellow light filter”  This
POWER STANCE BABYYYYYYYYYYYY
2:14 BOTW BOTW BOTW BOTW BOTW
i mean, if you think about it, dark souls 1 was already KINDA open world.
Let's see dodge and die. Yep ds3.2
I can't be the only one who's super happy to see those high contrast health, stamina and FP bars, right?
Ok  poise is back so la poise de la madona.
Can't believe they regressed back to ds combat smh. After Sekiro really? Dark souls sh!tty mechanics, recycled bosses and animations.
Now if only coop play allowed the summoned players to progress through the game with the host, being able to pick up their own instance of items, being able to progress and save everything they would do normally, etc.  Playing through the game fully coop with a friend still just isn't viable cause you essentially have to do everything twice for each other.
really wish they would allow pvp horse combat
Woah-woah-woah. You can't start the game as a naked hobo? Literally unplayable, FromSoft betrayed us
7:46 best moment
12:20 so Iron Pineapple is apparently a fan of One Piece
Bro I played for like 10 hours and never once did I think to hold down the magic button to charge it, you have hurt me.
See's character select. Where's the loincloth character!?
17:46 you DO recognize this room, don't you?
Very objective review Kappa
I have a feeling that magic archer builds are going to be broken until they rebalanced them.
Honestly this is the best news I've had all year
Speak up bro, can't hear you
Why do you have such insanely large health bar in the beginning of the game? Is it supposed to be like that or some kind of glitch|dupe?
Thank you very much for this very well done review!
The jump is the best thing in the world
Elden Ring will be the open World game with the best and mosz complex combat System.
Do we have any idea how big the map is compared to other open world games?
I'm still a bit miffed I was unable to secure a collector's edition, but I'm still down for any new material from From Soft, hard.
2 more hours till i get to play im so excited
Their pack animal gives me the same feeling as the horse in Shadow of the colossus for some reason. A very good thing
Damn i will probably have another case of choice paralisis haha.  I look forward to play this game
I love how co-op works now. But are you able to get an Ash of war or special items etc. whilst in a friends session?
Elden Ring is the dark souls of open world games
The incessant recycling of animations fuckin sucks - the simple walking cycle, the ripostes, the death animations of enemies and the player, and worst of all WEAPON MOVESETS from dark souls 3 too? Like...are you kidding me? Animations make a game, and I can't help but feel like i'm looking at dark souls 4, or a Dark Souls 3 mod whenever I see those archaic animations. Like....this is a NEW game. It is NOT supposed to be dark souls 4, no? Imagine if Sekiro, for example, just had the generic riposte animation from Dark souls 3 - it would ruin it.
This is the first ever strand-type dark souls
the bloody finger should be rendered inactive for a few seconds whenever you receive damage.. like the blink dagger
Talking about day/night cycles, you forgot to mention / didn't know, that this switch of the time can cause spawn of specific enemies like you can meet Dark Knight at the bridge only in night time.
uhm ah hem ! *clear my throat*         /P O I S E M A N/
omg... 100 days feels like forever...
I first thought that the guy with the back scratcher was The Grinch.
#Israel4SenateDotCom
really gonna need to pre order. as for bloody fingers that saves invasions for me. being able to relocate even during battle combined with crafting potentially adds to invaders tools and gives invasions better longevity without trapping the host.
Jump button+open world dark souls= jizzinpants. Also that npc dialog in the beginning was gold
That little online jumping detour. Oh it was intentional.
Where Solaire? Praise the sun.
this was by far the best preview video, thanks
Looks generic af tbh. Not visually impressive. demon souls remaster looked mind-blowing even with generic stuff
আলহামদুলিল্লাহ!আপনাদের সকলের ভালোবাসায় আমাদের 436+ সংখ্যার পরিবার,আপনাদের ভালোবাসা আর দোয়ায় এই পর্যন্ত এসেছি এবং আপনাদের সবাইকে নিয়ে এগিয়ে যেতে চাই। ইনশাআল্লাহ৩২১
LucasArts/Disney/WhichEver Inc seriously need to hand over all  StarWars IP to From  ASAP and in perpetuity.
Man, it’s super impressive to me that I’ve seen a bunch of these gameplay impression videos, and I’ve seen new bosses and enemies in each one so far.
Can't wait for the memes man, I can't wait for the Oro/Peeves Pvp content, and I can't wait for the Vati Lore content 😋
I hope the dungeons in this will be like the ones in Skyrim.
Bro I played for like 10 hours and never once did I think to hold down the magic button to charge it, you have hurt me.
3:36 KEKW 'breath of the wild' - esque??? LMAO wut wince when? ffxvii maybe, or arguably f
Snake shield reminds me of the one in Conan the Barbarian, a shield shot with a snake that is.
Yes it's time my brothers to make optimal FAITH BUILDS  DRENCH THE LANDS WITH HOLY LIGHT
If patches isn't in here I'ma mad as fuck
Binging Elden Ring content because the first session is in less than 12 hours
So happy poise is back. Ds2 was hell and ds3 was mixed but I'm tired of DeX builds destroying pvp.
7:12 can touch waifu, confirmed
6:15 back scratching santa, noted
So excited to see what they do with the MLGS. I imagine it'll be super insane.
I wonder if katana have Sekiro moveset, that would be amazing
Watched a few people's content for this network test, this was easily my favorite in terms of telling me about the game.  You showed off a lot of the world while also covering all the new mechanics at play.  I'm liking what they've done with weapon arts so far.  Like you said its hard to say for now how it'll pan out balance wise but the skill pool already looks really cool and the ability to mix and match arts with weapons, even if there are limitations, seems like it will add tons of variety to how people play.
I think that with solo / 1 on 1 invasions, the host and the invader should both get a choice as to whether they want to initiate mounted combat or unmounted combat. If both choose the same option, then the fight will be initiated. If they choose different options, it will be a 50/50 split. If one person chooses and the other doesn't make a decision, then the combat will be initiated in favour of the choice made. That way you're not locked out of using your horse when you're invaded
Dark Souls but for casuals
I've never played a souls game, but I'm watching this one closely.
i dont think its controversial in the slightest, sometimes i just wanna do the story and game with a chill pace, sometimes a invasion sometimes arent always fun for some people. so not worrying about jimmy suddenly showing up with a 12 gauge is a welcomed changed for me
Peeve parried montage 👍
man i cant wait for Elden ring and Dying light 2
Just need to wait 3 month, only 3 month.
Double Lance…Magic..open World…how is every game better than the last?
Dark souls clones are all terrible...just like the original.
Another FromSoft's game that I will play 100% offline, invasions killing coop once again. Trying to play dark souls online was a terrible experience, pvp should be optional since adds nothing to the game... we can just play for honor if we fell the need for disgusting pvp shit anyways  O_O    "imma invade your world and keep hiding with a bow hur hur hur"  all over again...
Brabo
yo....HORSE DOUBLE JUMPS
Torch wielding stealth = non torch wielding stealth
More bosses- yes! Fantastic game - can hardly wait!
cant wait to see what type of mods come out in the next few years
Didn't know FromSoft was developing Breath of the Wild 2
Does defeating the boss in coop still de-summon your coop partner? Looking amazing either way and loving that we can cross the world seamlessly with friends now!
I actually like open worlds with stretches of emptiness. I like just riding/driving around the world with nothing to interrupt me. There can be too much emptiness, sure, but none at all is bad as well in my opinion.
There's one thing I hope that Elden Ring does that DS2 had. And it's not the titular Powerstancing, because that's already in the game. It's the ability to essentially be 'left handed'. It was really neat to be able to have a sword in your left hand, and a staff in your right, but still be able to keep the functionality of a sword in the left hand, and not just start blocking with a longsword.   Yeah, could just have staff in left and sword in right, but still the thought of being left handed was a neat one to me.
Hearing that the Power Stance is back really just solidifies that Elden Ring is a Greatest Hits of Fromsoft's current games. Maybe even some older ones, as  the idea of destructible environments does remind me of Otogi a little, will hope there's even more.  Already, there also seems to be a good variety of weapons, spells and arts to play around with. I can imagine this will be the most replayable Souls game to date. Trying out different builds to see what all works best with what.
Lol finally faith build wont be a meme
How does progression work as a party? One of my favorite things about Nioh 2 was that my friends and I didn’t have to clear each dungeon 3 times to get to the next area as a group. Was hoping this game would have that, or at least something to smoothen the coop playthrough experience
Double lance is my absolute favourite weapon combo in DS2, glad to see that returning!
The coil shield remind me of the shield from rising of a shield hero
Ok, it's just me or the background at 0:25 look exactly like the one from the 2nd place winner from the artists contest of Vaatividya
It was really deterring for me to see almost every single player animation get reused at first, but i feel that everything else makes up for it. Looks phenomenal.
I really dont care about pvp, never have played and never will, I really enjoy dark souls as a single player game, so the change for invasions is a pretty good way to balance the use of invocations.
This is like a game that could only come from a dream my friends and I could've cooked up. It's beautiful.
Letttssss goooooo faith builds are viable!!
Balance idea for the Phantom Bloody Finger: you have to be a minimum distance away from the host (further than you'd ever be in combat) in order to use it.
Jump Button
6:13  Backscratcher?  That is *clearly* a buttscratcher, good sir.
4:45 I noticed a tree fall over and hit the dragon in the face and do nothing.  I hope you can kill people with falling trees in the full game.  That would be fucking hilarious.
The horseback fighting 😭😍 I can't wait
This is what I wanted Dragon's Dogma 2 to be like. Super excited for this, but still holding out for DD2.
thX m8, great video !
Dark Souls 2 is much smaller than Elden Ring, but would have been a similar game in quality if Miyazaki would have directed it. With as many bosses and areas as it has anyway. I can't help but think and feel that From software wanted Dark Souls 2 to be similar in scale to going from DS3 to Elden Ring as far as going from ds1 to ds2 was. Had the potential co aligned with the ambition it would have been very close to being as good as Elden Ring is going to be.
Such a good video man
You've got the best explanation of mounted combat thus far. Other videos have made it seem much more difficult for melee over all. You make it looks smooth and easy. cheers!
6:10 lol
I'd never say I hate Dark Souls 2, but I would say it's objectively the worst made of the souls series.
12:20 Holy shit, it's back... You're the only person i've seen talk about this, why is no one talking about it ?!
So I cant play coop without the annoyance of having some d-bag come in? That's bs, not everyone has a huge ego and needs feel superior to others by playing pvp. Guess I'll just play solo then lol. Great video btw, very informative, very thorough.
Give elder scrolls a run for its money on horse mountain climbing.
A lot more checkpoints in the game. With the Grace/Bonfires and the little statues peppered throughout the lands.  And a wonderful map!
"I played Elden Ring for 30 hours... my thoughts"  _Checks video length_ 25:00  I've been tricked, I've been backstabbed, and I've been quite possibly bamboozled
This game is gona change for good all dark souls or miyazaki incoming games and i feel really excited
I love your videos!! They are so amazing. Be safe out there everyone 🍒🙏🏾
Do bosses still drop armour sets? I want the tree horse boss man set so bad
Giving invaders 10 get out of jail free cards is just awful. I get the intention but it needs a very long animation (like 5 seconds).
I'm so glad you can't get invaded playing alone.
7:23 \[T]/
Welp. Anticipation is going to eat st my sanity.
Oh... It's just open world Dark Souls.
I imagine, in the real game, you'll have multiple weapon skills of magic/holy/lightning/fire/and of course physical damages. So if you don't like one magic weapon skill (or "ash of war" as it's called in the game) for example, you can just find and use another. It's open world, I imagine you can go to various places at the start of the game. So while it may be more challenging to get some ashes of war, you probably can go get them.
THANK YOU  for actually putting up your impressions, changes and everything  Most of souls YouTube just suck the game off, and I continue to know nothing about it.
Seeing Oroboro as a red invader in some of the b-roll immediately made me nostalgic for the DS1 PvP.
Claw magic. Inuyasha build incoming.
Are Ultras still a weapon type? I don’t think I’ve seen any in the gameplay yet, for any of the videos I’ve seen.
Really cool to see you playing with sphere hunter, love watching both of your channels content for the great reviews.
Bro I played for like 10 hours and never once did I think to hold down the magic button to charge it, you have hurt me.
Dark souls : *Dark Intense Choir*  Elden ring : *Mongolian throat singing intense choir*  This comment brought to you by Mount and blade horse archer gang
DS3 with horse
This game looks incredible...
im really glad fromsoft aint pulling an anthem/ cyber punk on us, this seems totally legit
DARK SOULS 1 POISE IS BACK LETS GOOOOOO
I can already tell they and I can fucking finaly say they FUCKING did it. Am I overdoing it? I don't think so. But I can say this is the dream of dark souls fans dream, come true I think? Eh I not like a true dark soul fan so don't say I don't know this and that but yea I said what I want to say so the response is up to you or whatever you think (I don't really care) I out.
The long drop at the beginning is to teach you that it's ok to fall from a large height without dying. I can imagine players choosing not to drop down to a secret area because they're unsure if the fall will kill them. Forcing the players at the start to make that drop removes ambiguity.
POWER STANCE FUCK YESSSSSS
Ive never played a souls game would you suggest this game to me, it looks like a lot of fun
The vibe of Skyrim it's seem to have, is very cool!!
"...the primal urge and satisfaction that comes from double-jumping on top of big rocks."
That super kick is like the guard break from Dark souls 2
Now if only it were possible to buy a PS5...
STR\FTH BROTHERS REJOICE
Thank you. Thank you for giving us an actual USEFUL insight into the content and mechanic of the game, it's something that basically no reviewers (or previewers) ever bother to do this days.
Loomks good. The pvp changes are a little disapointing. Getting invaded is fun in my oppinion and im most likely not going to play coop.
IM SO EXCITED
There's no death trap right as the game starts? I don't even know you anymore, FromSoft.
A metallic fruit double jumping while mounted on his equine partner. This is it boys. We have reached the pinnacle of mankind.
"Dedicated jump button..."  Huh... I wonder where they got that from. :P
Rolling goats is the single best game design concept. The greatest of all time.
The counter block attack seems to make blocking even more broken than it already is.
Bro I played for like 10 hours and never once did I think to hold down the magic button to charge it, you have hurt me.
you sold me, im buying
Also does sleep arrows work on invaders? I can see the trolling already if so...
damn, this is fire
Dawgma
I’m really looking forward to this game. Sekiro was my first From Software game I’ve played but I’m now a huge fan of the company now.
Really not a fan of this games' color grading... It's so green :/ Hope to see some mods!
So you trying to tell me... that i can make my own legion? Like chaos legion?
I dont care how strong magic is in Elden Ring ill be going pure strength build first like I have in every other souls game! Power stance warhammers god I can't wait 🙌🏻 😍
Ive watched like 3 or 4 videos of elden ring so far and my hype is immeasurable, just seeing how EVERYTHING look and works (Except being unable to invade solo hosts) is SO GOOD. This video specially covered a lot of stuff, like charged spells that others didnt notice, i remember back in dark souls 2 holding heal spells looking up and down and people freaking up on me due to the weird moves and thinking i was hacking... good times. Talking about hacking, im already scared, i hope from does a good job about it... i dont want my save file getting corrupted because somebody scummy enough wants to "have fun" by ruining others fun. Also... i hope the game has character cutomization, otherwise there wont be any shrek defending his swamp videos and that makes me very sad.
I've had a lukewarm feeling about this game for a while; but this video made me super excited for February.  Feels like it's going to be a massive celebration of everything great about fromsoft!
Looking forward to this for sure
seeing the dragons flame breath split on that rock was pretty epic
been a long time since I pre-ordered something
This is shaping up to be their magnum opus
JUMP
This Must be the GOAT of Games.
A Chinese submarine escorted Queen Elizabeth cruiseship when Amy Tsang was aboard to ensure Her safety.
GAME OF THE FUCKING DECADE
Felt like a full review. You got me excited for it.
10:30 Damn sky wolves, always raining on my parade!
I am on the hype train.
this game looks cool, but literally 90% of these "features" are just quality of life stuff from way older games that from just now got around to putting in their game. why would anyone be excited for "fast travel anywhere anytime" or find that noteworthy? not to mention the fucking jump button. people also raged when people started using the photo mode in the demons souls remake as a pause button, because no one at from thought to have a fucking pause button.
12:30 Dark Souls 2 was definitely the weakest Dark Souls game, but even that puts it leagues above most other games.
When cdpr fell into darkness. From Soft came forth to save us.   I have a good feeling that I'm gonna be hooked on Elden Ring.
never played a dark souls game, but im 100% buying this game
yes yes but still is a copy of DS3 - they even not changed the font...
This has the possibility of being my favorite game of all time.
I don't like that you have to change your weapon art for infusions
I think the human urge to climb and jump on top of tall things, is left over instinct from our lower ape days.
21:18 why i remember the black boy meme?
19:37  pineapple x suzi :ooo
TARUMLÜG  Programmierer der MASTER  K.  I.                                    -
11:15 weird how skyrim pretty much has all 3 yet it’s arguably the best open world game
It makes me so happy to see Dark Souls content creators liking the network test so much. I'm definitely hyped and ready to spend all the free time I have glued to my PC once it arrives. 😊
I saw nobody pointing this out...  T W I N B L A D E S  My fav weapon in the series is back!
"Powerstancing is back" wait.... dual cestus???? PLS Also, your friend appears to be The Sphere Hunter? *goes to check her channel* *is playing with Iron_Pineapple* oh yeah its all coming together now.
I could not be happier to hear all this from you, Iron Pineapple. It really looks like it’s the culmination of everything from soft has been working towards in all of their games. We have been liberated from our shin height prison! Can’t wait to see you all out there jumping for joy in fight clubs all over the world.
Can we swim in Elden Ring ?
"It's not super often a big game lives up to the hype, but fuck... Elden Ring just might"
those orbs are giving me HUGE nier vibes but damn I'm excited for this one ahhhh
Dislike just for telling me disliking DS2 is the wrong opinion.
Dude I can't believe you used to make videos where you didn't talk. Your critique and analysis are amazing
It feels so disrespectful to hear people say its just an asset flip
So on one hand I want to remove this video from my feed so as to not be tempted, but on the other hand I don't want to miss any Ironpineapple videos.... 😭
13:10 cool, that was the way Bloodborne handled it, and I'm really glad to see Elden Ring keeping it. I think it's the biggest reason BB's combat feels so much more enjoyable to me than Dark Souls 3, even when I've tried mods that make DS3 work like BB. I mostly think that because of the one time I found a mod (Champion's Ashes) with perfectly transferred BB weapons, and the animation chain for R1 attacks was the key difference I noticed.
Did i mishear or at around :50 did he say there’s only 8 hours of content?
22:10... thats 3 halves bro, what the fuck?
honestly glad to hear power stance and charge magic are in the game, i really didnt like how it looked like ds3
This looks amazing, like they took the best from each game and combined it. I'm so excited for the full release!
Even if it is dark souls 3 part 2 is that not a good thing, the MF that say dumb shit like OH it's just dark souls 3 part 2 thats stupid, are the MF that pre-ordered cyber punk and even when that game was dog shit still praised it
"You could take the high ground but I'm pretty sure he doesn't matter because he won't jump up after you".  No Player Invasion in SP makes me very happy.
Sprinting is STILL with the B-button, huh? Really hoped they'd ditch that given the open world nature of the game. Oh well, everything else looks great.
Ds1 poise is perfect. Dark souls 1 pvp is the most technical and balanced pvp
I hope we can make a deprived/waste of skin character. Screw the classes! If I have no choice I'm going for the prophet :)
This looks absolutely incredible
As someone who’s never played a souls game, but wants to get into the series this game looks incredible. I’ll definitely pick this one up
Also this is a more demon's souls 2/dark souls 2.5 than a ds4.
I AM SO FUCKING GLAD I WILL NOT BE INVADED WHILE TRYING TO DO SHIT ALONE stay out of my world losers. Not that I didn't just close my game down the moment I got invaded because it's a solo game experience unless I need help with a boss. Thank you fromsoft for getting those try hard pvp losers out of my life 😂🤣
22:17 that was three halves 😂
POISE IS BACK!!!👌
GOTY!
Man that epic Montag at the beginning is amazing
This game looks so good, too bad by the time I play it there will be no PVP 😢
I can't believe double jumping horse has activated Iron Pineapple's inner mountain goat
Dayum. A 30second video and already told me everything I need to know about the game
When’s the open network test?
Looks great! It's like final step, FS were building to since Demon's Souls. That being said I hope it's their last (at least for some time) Souls-esqe game. FS should return to Armored Core for a while or start new mecha series.
Why it is in 3rd person view? I like 1st person view more. Like daggerfall and morrowind
7:01 correction they are called Waifus
That reminds me...... CAPCOM! WHERE'S DRAGON'S DOGMA 2?
How would this be for someone who loves ds1-ds3 but couldnt get into sekiro?
Game seems very easy compared to previous from games. Easy meaning overpowered weapons and magic
I can't wait to get lost in the world and lore of this games universe it's going to take up so many hours of my life and I won't regret a moment of it lol.
What about collecting items as a phantom in Co-op? Still nothing? The rewards being just souls as normal?
The PvP looks absolutely amazing. No doubt I'll be dumping dozens of hours into making lots of fun PvP builds
This video was uploaded in 2021 but yet says the game was released 2022 Can't believe it, Iron Pineapple is a time traveler   This a joke if no one noticed, do enjoy the great gameplay
bro tying equip burden to strength is so tight. I hated when it became it's own stat after DS1  Edit: Bro yes, DS1 poise too. I'm pumped
I have a question about Co-op. If I play Co-op with my bro will we have to do each other’s boss battle to move forward like in previous souls games? Or can we both progress together? Thanks and thanks for putting up this video. I’m so hyped for this game!
All the people complaining about the graphics need to “die in a ditch somewhere” 😂🙄
favourite part of this video was laughing while saying the words "extremely toxic in pvp"
PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DONT LET THERE BE NO COMBOS IN PVP. Shits going to be so boring just doing small hits and not being able to combo anything =/
RIP invasions. No fun allowed.
Oh no the crab people from DS3 are back
Your video is #12 on trending right now congrats my guy!!! Great video and u definitely deserve it
No offense to Fromsoft, but it looks, to me, basically like an open world Dark Souls 3 with a few new mechanics. Not saying that's a bad thing but since I, personally, have fallen off of enjoying Dark Souls as a whole, I doubt I'll be getting it.
TIME FOR C R A B
Idrk why people obsess about graphics, especially when playing on console or low end PCs, like if I hear a great game has meh graphics I’m excited because Ik I can run it😂and on this note, those spells looked amazing!!
BEAUTIFUL
Pineapple I'm already hyped and already sold, please stop, my wallet just can't handle it
IP really the kind of kid that gets invited for a sleepover and to check out this new game and stay up for 2 days straight playing.
other videos: I will wait for the review this video: pre-order
The frist section doesn't have any video...
no... no... this is exactly what I thought would happen with open world dark souls , you can easily just use the terrain to cheese the boss to death or escape quickly ... add the summons to it and now this seems like easy mode....
This was the third video I watched about the network test, and I can't believe how much stuff didn't get mentioned in the others. I don't know why I go to anyone else for souls content what a fool smh ironpineapple is king
I’m kinda glad heavy armor requires strength for the same reason I liked poise in dark souls 3. I don’t think light agile weapons should be able to also havel it up like the old days
Sub
Is the game too punishing for those who have never played a soulsborne game?
I hope there's an area with eldrich abominations like bloodborne
Battlefield 2042, Halo Infinite, Elden Ring.. The next few months are gonna be awesome.
#12 on trending, nice.
This game makes my blizzy moist
This reminds me of Dragons Dogma : Dark Arisen and im couldnt be happier
ok
time for crab
Dks1 poise is back?  Beautiful.
Other testers: a Iron Pineapple: It's nice to finally see other people, it's been 30 years of just me around here...
The “super kick” is a nice addition in exchange with including block reposts
This looks great on PS5
Bro I played for like 10 hours and never once did I think to hold down the magic button to charge it, you have hurt me.
I feel like letting invaders teleport away isn’t so bad, since more often than not, the person they’re invading likely has a phantom or two. Not the worst crutch they could have given them.
This is literally the best video, that I've seen about Elden Ring beta, thanks a lot, now I'm assured that the game will be awesome
10:13 Shiva the deceased
is this PC and PS5 or PS5 exclusive?
God, I can't wait.
So ready
I feel like the invader being able to pull out of battle if they get overwhelmed helps with the fact that you’re much more likely to invade coop players. Which is kinda cool cuz you’re a phantom and you can teleport. Seems cool.
I don’t like that u can’t customize ur characters face
DS1 poise with DS3 backstabs and DS2 power-stancing? Equip load is based on STR? It's... beautiful. It's all I've ever wanted 🤤
Well I'd been waiting on your opinion, Pineapple, as I hold it in high regard when it comes to Souls games. So I'm pumped to say this made me hit the preorder button!
I plan on opening up my world to invasions when i play solo. I like the constant threat of dying.
you have no idea how manny times I had a hallelujah moment from this video oh mah Gahd! I cant wait for Elden ring!
Dark Skyrim
I am so ready for it!
Ive got to stop watching Elden Ring content. It's causing knots in my stomach that wont go away until release. Help.
6:13 "Butt Scratcher! Butt Scratcher! Get your Butt Scratcher here! Butt Scratcher!"  😄
jumping on buildings and stuff feels like doing a noclip glitch
>Sees that door opening animation at the start. Hi Bloodborne.
I was hoping for like different towns and NPC characters walking around doing their own thing you could interact with.  Go to a bar and order a beer, lol.  I'm still not convinced this isn't Dark Souls 4 with a map and a horse.
oh cmon, even more stuff for invaders to annoy hosts and waste they're time *yey*  except for that it sounds great
I want to play this game so bad and all these fucken you tubers get keys
Can you swim?
"Increasing strength also increases equip load." You are not helping me to resist my urge to create yet another stregnth build at all.
The instrument the merchant is holding looks like a berimbau lmao
You lucky duck! Thanks for the in-depth look. February can’t come faster!
yeah another souls-like
Real poise finally now the toxic people can't stunlock you and get easy wins now you actually have to get good 😅 casuals
lord forgive me im boutta SHIP Spherehunter x IronPineapple OTP AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
honestly, this looks like the perfect FromSoft game for me. between the enhanced movement and combat mechanics and the quality of life additions (leveling at bonfires, refilled estus flasks after combat, unlimited stamina out of combat etc), the difficulty has been tuned to a point where i personally will just be able to enjoy the game without raging if i die horribly. i’m SO excited, it looks like its turning out to be a masterpiece. LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
Elden ring looks just as good as demons souls imo. They are different but the quality is amazing on both. I don’t know wtf people are talking about
I get so excited over this it physically hurts
Because of the change in invasions, I fully expect to never fuck with the system which is disappointing since invasions are one of the defining systems of the franchise. Nobody will ever invade me since I don't summon people, and I won't invade others since I don't like being ganked by 2-3 dudes at once. Remember that badly designed DLC boss encounter from DS2 that people complained about? Yeah... Other than that, I can't wait!
they actually did, these guys actually pulled it off
11 on trending... goty 2021 from just the cnt
This is dark souls 4... where's elden ring?
I hear a lot about Iron Pineapple. This is the first video I have watched from him. Thank you for talking fast, clear and concise. You do not waste the viewers time since you get your points across speedily. Good audio quality. Great video.
I will invest in Arcane, in search of the luck meta.
I'm just waiting for a bald man to trick us and kick us into a hole
This video is like smelling your coffee because it's too hot to drink
I don't know why but that last part of 'closing thoughts' really hit the feeling. Can't wait to play this game. Thanks for cool overview.
I just really hope the netcode for this game is good. So many pvp encounters in ds3 where I would hit someone and I would get a noreg and then immediately get backstabbed because they teleported behind me.
I’m so hyped for this game. I haven’t been hyped for a new release since Borderlands 3. And that’s 2 years ago and doesn’t compare at all to how hyped I am now. Fromsoft once again showing why they’re the GOAT
I am so fucking excited man. It looks fantastic. Thanks for the info boss man.
12:22 the pain train it's back
Power-Stancing requires same weapon class? That sucks.. no hybrid combos... not even a simple axe/sword duo :(   That compass is horrid, hope there are lots of UI options.
9999999+ hours will be dedicated to this game!
Why this game is sooo ugglyyy ?
Damn a horse archer build might be pretty dope
can coop players pick up weapons?
Comment. *Proceeds to subscribe*
12:30 YEEEEESSSS!
i wondering to buy it for ps5 or pc
LOL dat "stealth", sneaking up behind an enemy in pitch blackness.....with a torch out and he doesn't notice.  Oh well, good enough.
Oh you bet your ass I’m duel twinbladeing  it up
Normal Gamer: This game doesn't look that good... Souls Fanatic: STFU are you new to From Software? They aren't about BLEEDING EDGE graphical tech and ultra fidelity and ray-tracing. It's all about the ART! Normal Gamer: I never said anything about bleeding edge or ray-tracing. I guess it has it's own style. But it's not enough to make up for the soft and mushy PS3 look with desaturated colors... Souls Fanatic: I am being ATTACKED! STFU CASUL! Go back to your Animal Crossing you noob.  Basically every preview video for every From Software game that has ever been released. Must be part of the NDA.
This game looks so f*cking good. I cant wait!
Game looks too easy i'm not a fan of the open world and horse fighting but lets see. Just hope i have giant castles like anor londo to explore
The best part about this game so far is that each YouTuber shows new shit that others probably haven’t noticed yet.
This looks like Dragon's Dogma + Dark Souls and I couldn't be happier.
Welcome to Iron Pineapple, the only guy that can split his audience in three halves
Ngl, I can't wait to get my hands on Elden Ring.
Gave me ds2 vibes
0:13 oh my god, it's the giant enemy crabs. You know what to do.
This video does a way better job of getting me excited for the game than any of the trailers so far
Having good art is no excuse for having shit technical execution. From Software has absolutely no excuse for following everybody else from 5 years back, but because From fans enable the shit out of from, they are really slow to change.  At least Sekiro and Elden Ring make an attempt to catch up. Art and graphical execution can both be good and they are not mutually exclusive, both enhance each other.  Also you could cut this vid in half and still have the exact same vid. Fate of every souls channel i guess
Bro... I can't even believe this game is happening. When they said there would be no more dark souls... they just went and made the best dark souls game ever
So, is it like Dark Souls gameplay in a Skyrim world ? or in Dark Souls open world ?
This really solidified I'm going to have to pass this game, sad this is the direction they took.
No horse in Co-op? Well, that's a bit of a drag, but could be changed, who know, still three months till drop. I'd love to get to joust friends. lol
My god those crazy bastards… they did it, they finally found a way to strip me of my free time for the next couple years
Is the day/night cycle fast like other open world games? I would much prefer a couple hours in the day and night transition.
Can´t wait to respawn in the "States of Murica"
Apparently the only people who were given access to the beta had to have followers...
Iron said it himself. Its the wrong opinion to hate on DS2 I love you man thank you you said that.
Beautiful!
But you're a literal shill though
The "Invasions are off by default in solo play" is the single best thing he covers in the video.
That vortex greatsword skill is soooo goddamn cool omfg. There's so many things to do
30 hours to 25 minutes, that more than an hour a minute.
For me, it's Lost Kingdoms 3.
Aaaahhh, The Legend of Elda: Souls of the Wild.
Already pre-ordered ,  but man your video has me hyped!!!
Co op in this game would be a pretty fun time.
This game looks amazing I can't wait for its full release
Can’t wait to see Patches again.. maybe
i’m glad you said it feels like a culmination of all the previous games because that’s exactly what i wanted after seeing some returning things and i fucking love it
The verticality and jumping alone is going to give PVP so much more cheeky potential, hot damn.
I am sorry but I am only going to listen to this and not watch because I want to save as much of it for release!
I see a lot of no mana regen happening. :(
It's a shame Yung Maestro isn't around anymore.
I think the fact it looks like dark souls 4 is great personally very very similar I the way the story goes as well from what I can see gameplay wise as well. I hope we see a bunch of returning armor and weapons.
22:03 YYYEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSS, thank you
the fact that he played A DEMO for 30 HOURS is already giving me goosebumps.
Im sure as hell wont be able to run elden ring on my current pc,but im happy to look at souls community talking about elden ring gameplay
don't do that. don't give me hope.
You didn’t talk about status effects though several times I saw what looked like a status bar accumulating. Any info you can share there? Any weapons with innate status buildup (bleed etc)?
I cannot wait to see your video with 5 other people spinning that flamy sword while tormenting poor invaders. :D
It's really sad that opening your world to invasions is a double opt-in with no benefit or incentive to do so whatsoever.   I want my solo world open for invasions by default, unless i'm riding a horse, which is not hard to implement really.  If there is an opt-out from invasions it should come at a heavy penalty.
I love how Pineapple is bummed about having to wait 3 months to play, and yet we've been here waiting years to play 😅
I Just want the Giant Door Squad to be back
Well done open world Overworld minibosses that kinda work like puzzles Well done platforming  Prepare yourself for the barrage of "This is the dark souls of Zelda games", bois
arcane in bloodborne level up the item discovery like luck in ds3
do you need to resummon a coop partner every time someone dies still?
Seems like it's not just going to be the old human or wolf boss enemies only.
Wait that is only the test version?
omg im stoked abt power stancing again :O can you still use weapon arts while power stancing?
Great video
Can anyone make a PC review ?? without controller...
Gods, I'm so pleased to see how they handled backstab fishing for PvP on this.
Great video thanks for sharing.
I aint a fan of From Software games (not because they are bad, I actually promote them and respect what they do I am just a baby gamer) but this game i NEED INJECTED INTO MY PROSTATE WHOLLY SHITE I CANNOT WAIT
_"Strength is also connected to encumbrance. "_ Hell yeah. The thing that has always annoyed me about DEX vs STR has been that most STR weapons are heavy AF and thus required allotment into the carry stat to even use them... Whereas DEX weapons weighed almost nothing and had much higher DPS due to the scaling potential of the extra stat points and the way most of such weapons were balanced. I'm loving the look of things, here. Seems like STR mains may actually be viable for PvP... Especially with swappable weapon arts and summons and spells and all being far easier to add to musclehead builds.
DS3 part 2.. THe problem is DS3 wasnt all that great, singleplayer was mediocre when compared to ds1, the same with multiplayer aspect, the atmosphere was lackluster as well, it felt a bit better than ds2 overall, but still wasnt as fun as ds2 multiplayer that could hook you for literal hundreds of hours, in case of ds3 it was just hours, and frustrating hours at that with everyone being hard to kill running around like crazy chuggin estus all the time, fck that
i think the poise is fine because, theoretically, the only build that will have substantial poise is strength builds bc carry weight is tied to str now.
lance users arise
Very nice in-depth video. Good job.  I can't wait to play this game now. The aspect I enjoyed the most is no more forced pvp. Oh how I hate this fuckers which force their idea of fun on me through invading.
Poise from ds1 Powerstancing from ds2 Op magic levels from demon Weapon art from ds3 Etc Etc  Yeah, this game is really the culmination of everything
They made all the best choices based on their years of experience and player feedback. They trimmed all the unwanted fat and added all this cool new shit and somehow made it look (and feel, I’m sure) all too familiar. The scope and detail are sure to keep people playing and replaying the game for years and supporting a hefty online community. The fashion is gonna be wild, fight clubs are gonna be wild again, content creators will have years worth of game-breaking material, we’ll all get to form and evolve the PvP meta but the PvP will seemingly stay fair and not busted to hell—UGH it looks so goddamn good. I still can’t wrap my head around the openness of it all. The invader’s host compass mark sold me even more. Seeing the invasion pop up and knowing they could be stalking around any corner really seems interesting and nailbitingly fun for both sides. Imagine invading and stalking when the host runs unwittingly right toward you. Maybe you’re ready to ambush, maybe not. Maybe they saw you, maybe not. The cat-and mouse gameplay just seems like something I could dump hours and hours into
22:07 "Half of you are excited, half of you are panicking and half of you have no clue what I just said" quick maths
I wasnt all that hyped for elden ring despite loving soulsborne for some reason but everything ive seen from the beta has me fully on board and hyped asf now
Can't believe people are giving so much slack because From Software decided to have a different and arguably beautiful colour palette. They say, the game should've been dark like earlier titles, but guess since it's more like open world it fits. The atmosphere is beautiful!
I love how you figured out the beach lights. I watched Skill Up's and Vaati's impressions on this and both of them didn't know what the lights were, but you OF COURSE swung at it and figured it out. LUL.
Most people were panning the horseback combat, so it's nice to see how it works when used properly. 16:26  Okay, for something so simple that was kind of funny. 17:40  Revenge of Pinwheel?
this game looks INSANE!!! so buying it ASAP!
Wait is this game out?
from what I see my only complaint would be the horse double jump.  It looks like you'll be always doblejumping since the first jump is very short and basically useless by itself. While it might not be the case, I can't help but wonder why didn't Fromsoft just put a single long jump instead
1:20 I'll be real honest I'd be happy with just a dark souls 3 part 2 lol
Dark souls 4 looking awesome. Wow
No R1 combos are a great change, but passive poise is a pretty huge bummer. It’s removal was one of the best changes made in the subsequent games.
Imagine not seeing how much of a heinous crime against art Dark Souls 2 is, and thinking not liking it is the wrong opinion on top of that.
Is there swimming?
are there any lovely swamp area ?
That intro music got me vibing, can yiu share the name of it?
From where the fuck the wolves came from 10:30
yo man best elden ring video right now imo.  thanks for sharing! :)
Ok but the real question is, do sleep arrows knock out players.
This looks really good but I know they still got some polishing left to do
“BuT Why CaNT MiYaZAki havE tHE arT DesigN AnD dA GrAphiCs”-my brother who spends his time drooling over red dead        And buys call of duty every year
Normal people: "Oh, it's a beautyfull Game" Dark Souls Players: JUMP JUMP JUMP
>Lone wolf ashes summons 3 wolves and not 1 0/10, literally unplayable.
Calling this “open world dark souls” doesn’t do it anywhere near enough justice. Can’t wait to get my hands on this game.
This look amazing. Can you swim tho?
I'm pumped for this game man.
Oh god, i can already see the bad reviews from journalists who say "owie, boss too hard, make gaem ez pls"  Seriously though, holy shit this game looks good. It looks to be the very thing i always wanted. The ultimate souls game that combines everything
hey man can you reallocate lvl points?
This looks fucking great
Seems like Strength is back on PvP menu boys! Poise + single hit big dmg attacks and finally on DEX you cant wear heavy armors. Which is imo very good for balance. Are quality weapons back though? And how was Faith in PvP? Faith was really great for PvE in general but fall short in PvP many times.
The online really doesn't make a lot of sense. For starters, there are going to be so few people that want to consume not one, but TWO items to be solo invaded... and secondly, non shared progression in Co OP in an open world game just doesn't make any sense. The game is supposed to be about exploration and going in random directions, this would be great to do with a partner, but doing it for a second time in your own world is just going to feel like a drag after you just did it. It's fine in Dark Souls because the levels are more closed in, you know which section comes up next.  So what this results in, is: People will summon others just for bosses. Meaning as an invader who can only invade co op sessions... you will be invading people JUST about to start a boss, almost every time. I see this as being true because who, as they sit there watching this is thinking "My first playthrough is gonna be co op" doing it with a friend, then by yourself, for every single section of this OPEN world game. The design just doesn't make sense to me at all.
24:05 The Band of the Hawk watching Griffith and Guts fight be like
PvP is going  to be toxic. The ability to ghost and come back! Running through the open world. It will be to the point where if you find someone who is interested in a classic duel, or even a duel but for keeps with healing, cheesing, etc. it will be a pleasant surprise. DS3 is like that often for the last couple years.
Not sure if this was already touched on, but for all the plebs out there crying out for an easy mode in FS games, here it is. I love how they were able to incorporate user friendly changes like fast travel from anywhere and the respawn statues, AND JUMPING! which makes the game easier while still holding onto the punishing aspects they are known for. For new players to FS games this nuance might go unnoticed, but for the veteran players this is a good compromise while still feeling like a natural progression of FS’ games
I'm fine with Dark Souls 4 being called Elden Ring
ehh game looks more empty than fill up with the interesting points.
man, watching your break down really sold me on this game...
I dont like how the UI for the HP bar looks, for some reason it feels out of place with the game and its setting
I’ll have to wait a bit longer after it comes out cause I’m gonna wait until my friends get it so we can do an awesome play through
Im upset about the only co op invades, not because I wanna invade but because I play exclusively solo and I wanna GET invaded. Having "Crustydunghole699" invade me out of nowhere and make a section a sudden tense pvp fight is some of my favourite gameplay in the previous souls games.
Holy fuck, it looks good...
Did you happen to see any Dark Hand type weapons in the demo? Any sort of "Magical Fist"?
I was sold on this game before but hearing your breakdown is absolutely selling this game twice as hard for me. Powerstancing is the HYPEST shit
19:54, was that a JoJo pose there?!  😳 😎👌
"Dark Souls 1 poise is back" - Iron Pineapple  All Giant Dad builds CHADS: My time has come
PVP is going to be annoying as all fuck for people actually trying to coop and not gank(like all the DS games). Oh look we outran the invader who has a strait pvp build and op gear...nope teleports to you. Hey lets go explore that cool building now.....nope teleports to you. Finally we have him on the ropes everyone is out of heals and low HP one last push!...nope teleports away...good job From.
You got me waaaaaay too excited because I now have to wait 3 or 4 months in order to play it fully. But thank you, that was awesome
This game looks fucking incredible.
That dragons dogma joke is just so true.
Please don’t tell me this is only going to be on PlayStation.
14:35 have you just said there would be viable miracle build? OOOOOH MIRACLE BUILDS AT LAST
Poor Odz with his Elden Ring all bosses 0 hit speedrun. And i so wondering about new cheater bosses, that was fun to fight with them in ds3
I can't wait for giant dad
a skyrin souls game.... cool
Came to this video, skipped to 24:18, heard what what Pineapple had to say. "Shit, N***o ! That's all you had to say !"
Ok don't take this the wrong way but other than it being an open world does anything actually make this game unique from a soulsborn game because all I've seen of it is just the same tried and true formula Fromsoft has been pumping out for 12yrs now
This looks so fucking cool
I told myself I was gonna refrain from too many spoilers but now that you guys are releasing your beta footage I haven’t been able to stop myself. I don’t think it’s going to harm me though I have a pretty bad memory
if game designer doesn't want you to reach certain area, he will put a wall or will make distance to jump too big. so it's safe to say it was intended.
Those polearm glaive thingos are easily going to be my fav weapons
Yo, I skipped all of your video except the intro and the end part about online play and outro. (I don't want to get spoiled, let me figure things out myself)  I have still a few questions about the online experience: Will Elden Ring be cross-play? I saw, that it's likely to have cross gen (eg. PS4 and PS5 can play with each other), but I found no word about cross play. Do you have any info about that? Will coop develop the world progression of all invited players or only the host? (likely only the host like in all the souls games?) Is there something like level / gear brackets for invasion and summoning in place? Or did they go all out on the scaling system DS3 has, when summoning friends? (Making it possible for everyone to summon/ invade everybody, but getting their power scaled to the host)  Edit: I have an other question: This was a network test. Is the network good? Better than previous souls games?  Thanks in advance for anyone, who can answer these questions! :) See you soon in the lands between, fellow tarnished ones!
What about powerstancing though? One hit or two? More damage or same?
this is the best video about Elden Ring so far. i can easily wait till february just with this. Thank you so much
Finally, some good fucking mount combat
hands down the best Network test video so far
Only after watching it for the third time I realized that around 18:30 mark you invaded Prod xD
I’m so excited for this game. So sad i’m not part of the network test!!!
spider horse  spider horse
honestly im still hoping i can get into the network test... i doubt i will but i shall see... i wanna play this
MY body isnt ready for the lost of sleep this game will make me do!!11
It's too bad their games always have to be so difficult. I love these kind of fantasy worlds and hack 'n slashgames, but the difficulty stops me from playing it.
Yeah sleep arrows are gonna get nerf-batted
This big Tree come from berserk
Can you....roll, like rolling to evade attack ???
I´ve "listened to" several network test reviews and yours is by far the best. frankly the others are pointless
I can already see PvP being dominated by faith builds with heavy armor spaming the claw attack and healing without being interrupted.
OMG this game has worse graphics than a pre-rendered trailer! WERST GAEM EVAR!  - Some Idiot
very infromative, nice :D
My exciment grows with each passing day, cannot wait to Journey through the lands between as the tarnished!
24:49 Man...
NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! Why the Fuck did they make the same Mistake again??!! i fucking HATE it that the Souls Games always lock the Multiplayer behind some stupid Resources. I dont care if they are easy to get. This is bad Game Design. Just look at Code Vein or Monster Hunter World, where the Multiplayer is unlimited. This is how it should be in Elden Ring too.   I fucking always hated it when i wanted to Coop in Dark Souls and was like "oh no i cant, i got no Humanity left". Some of my Friends even canceld Dark Souls because of this. Because they wanted to play it with me but died more often (as beginner) and couldnt summon me anymore because of this STUPID limited Resources Online System.  If you dont get SHITLOADS of the Material to craft this Online Item in Elden Ring in the open Field, than this Aspect alone lowers my Ranking of Elden Ring on a Rank from 1 to 10 by at least 3 Points.  i know i sound butthurt, but i dont care, i really hate this limited Reources Multiplayer Shit of the Souls Games...
Gotta say the game's looking great so far. Can't wait to play tomorrow. Although the invader just being able to leave whenever without punishment seems like a strange design choice to me, especially in a fromsoft game.
There is no way my PC can run this.
Ghost of Tsushima is currently my favorite open-world game, but Elden Ring looks like it’s going to overthrow it!
TBH I think I'm the only one who liked the DS3 hyperarmor system.  The lack of true combos is good.  I've seen some phantom range in other videos. Between roll spam, high damage parries, and teams attacking through each other, I'm pessimistic about having fun with pvp. I'm sure plenty will grind it anyways, like we did with DS3. I regret doing that.  3:15 Are there quicker alternatives to the counter? Because if you're always forced to have a substantial gap after blocking, attacking a blocking opponent will usually be safe if they don't parry and the attacker gets the timing down.  Is there any incentive to do running attacks over jumping attacks? I presume jumping attacks are immune to parrying, which are the main problem with doing running attacks.  Shortbows were toxic in DS3 pvp. Will we see that again with quick bow attacks?  Charging spells was always needed, but can also make some spells toxic (e.g. lightning bow).  16:28 Does freeaiming spells only use the camera for the vertical inclination again?  21:25 This does well to rebalance ganking, but if the invader is already getting ganked, it means that the core pvp just isn't working for either side. It's not a good fix for actual enjoyment, it just prolongs the frustration.
On a personal note, I will never stop fighting against the notion that any empty space in an open world game is inherently a bad thing. Pacing and "room to breath" between packed areas are precisely two things an open world needs. If anything the real enemy is generic sameness across the board for the sake of filling the map.
0:16 OHHHH MR. KRABSSS
This is going to be one of my favorite games of all time, without question
People are talking about the game of the year. No. This is the game of the age of fire.
I want it now! This gonna be the best game this year.
Elden ring is about to save me money cause holy fuck this really is just bonkers  Like  They did it. Those mad men actually did it. I won’t need to ever play anything else hahaha!
So excited but a tad disappointed I can't ruin a solo players day lol but I'll wait and see how it feels when I play before I come to a consensus on it.
ffs whats with recommended showing me all this spoiler shit, i don't wanna see it, i'm not interested, i want to play the game blind.
I think they should change it so that you can only relocate as a red when not in combat. (or just make it take 3 seconds or sth)
Best video on the new gameplay I've seen so far, you killed it bro learnt so much!
The enemy variety is crazy
3:43 WHICH IS THE CORRECT MINDSET TO HAVE. Art direction is always better than graphical fidelity. One actually looks good, and the other drives game prices up, and grinds devs down to the bone.
Holy shit I'm psyched I really hope there is a Chikage or some self harm weapons
Wait... you said... 8 hours of content? That's incredibly short! did I mishear ?
Fuck PC Gamer though.
Power stancing is back. That's great!  However, I hope the offhand weapon moveset is back as well. I don't want that L1 block moveset anymore. Let players do running attack, jumping attack, rolling attack and heavy attack with offhand weapon. Just like Dark Souls 2! With these features, the build variety in Elden Ring would be very promising.
Dear Iron Pineapple! Thanks for the video! I would like to ask you something, did Namco/From Software ask for any kind of feedback regarding the game, or only the network connectivity issues? Or neither? :) Thanks!
So.. do we know how actually magic is going to work? Like, do we have only two schools of magic - Sorceries and Miracles? It seemed like it.
It's nice to hear that solo players can't be invaded by default, but then I remembered I don't have Playstation Plus so that factoid doesn't actually matter to me, but still nice.
Sleep arrows will be nurfed.
well said
POWER FUCKING STANCE IS BACK BAY
I might get burned on a stake, but this will be my first FromSoft game, and I'm hyped
Who wants to bet that this will rank among the top 5 greatest games of all time?
Damn the animations are so smooth
Why does it look so easy? Is the difficulty lowered for the test?
caan you swim in this game just like in sekiro?
I'm speechless with this game another absolutely amazing game by from soft, taking what made a game good and improving on it tenfold. This will become a timeless masterpiece without a doubt. It took what made all the previous games good and not only fleshed it out, but made it so much better in the long run. The new gen games have looked so promising we will have another 2007 with the quality of games.
Waw 👇  https://youtu.be/wGfkFGLHfSU
That first npc seems like a nice sour chap...I'm going to backstab him
Absolutely like the part about solo play with no more invasions aside from what I assume NPC ones.
This looks like what we remember imagining Skyrim would be after watching the trailer (+ coop).
how big is this game gonna be, are they going for a true MMORPG with instanced battles?
Not a criticism towards you, but why did From just let content creators play the game for hours and hours and hours ( fextralife played for 70+ hours lol ) when the game is 3 months from release?
You know, I usually watch someone else for Souls content, but you did a better job than ANYONE explaining this game so far. You did a flawless job man, huge respect. I understood more about the game from this than the other videos combined
You can jump?! This is groundbreaking!!!
12:21 YEEEEESSSSSS!!!!! I'm a pretty calm guy, but this made me physically jump out of my chair.
yes
9:20 We've all played dark souls here. We've all seen those seemingly impossible soap stone messages. Even if we don't have those urges ourselves, we understand many others do
I think they need to make it so there are two sides of elden ring. People who just wanna pve and people who wanna pvp. Pvp throws alot of people off thats why newer players tend to not play dark souls games. Maybe a toggle in the settings. Some people just wanna enjoy exploring with friends and having fun. Manditory pvp is really frustrating when you just wanna have a good time playing co op. It would bring in so much more players. Alot of friends ive talked to all said that the forced invasions make the game not enjoyable. Honestly would be a welcomed change imo. Pvp would still have its own community while pve players could just play the game without having to worry.
From added Roach to the lore :D
When you said about poise i got in tears
Giant birds with swords on their feet... GIANT BIRDS WITH SWORDS ON THEIR FEET...  Hell yes, shut up and take my money
They shouldn't have marketed a new world and story written by GRRM when it is literally just the DS world and story copy-pasted 1 to 1.
22:48 - YES, holy fuck after a decade of mistakes from soft made a second souls game and it doesnt even have souls in it AND they fixed the actual issue people had with DS1 (apparently at least) of the backstabs and ripostes being whats broke as fuck rather than having a sane armor and stagger stystem rather than binary hyperarmor bs.
I'm sorry to everyone, but I will never see Melina when I hear that voice. I'm always gonna be leveling up with Yorshka at my bonfires.
I have never wanted to play a FromSoft game until now. All this new shiny stuff actually has me interested, especially the magic. I tried Dark Souls 1 and was disappointed by the magic in that game.
Meh, shoulda known souls fans will happily eat any reused-bad-looking-generic-bones fromsoft tosses them. No wonder miyazaki can't come up with a new approach in 20 years - he doesn't need to.
Ahh anyone know how are Spears and Daggers? Are they neato? In Ds3 they sucked hard, specially Daggers with status (poison, etc) nerfs. I really want to try all different weapons, but when some do chip damage and others hit like a truck it's hard to just go and use the worse one.
Their pvp is getting more and more botched. Kinda sick of it. Aside from the STRONG metas and twinking... I really miss DS1 multiplayer.   Ds3 was so compromised for new players and I aint bout it.
Are you playing on PC og PS5?
You convinced me ^-^
damn that beast claw had a sick weapon art!!!
>power stancing  AFTER A THOUSAND YEARS IT IS YOU! IT IS REALLY YOU! HRAAAOOGGGH! HRAAAOOGGGH!
I am just happy that I can finally play solo online and never be invaded. I always hated that in the other games which is why I played offline. In my first PT I want my immersion to be perfect and invasions would ruin that so THANK YOU From Software for fixing this.
anything you dislike about the game? Hope are no crashes at launch.
Skyrim Horse 2.0
I still do not have the next gen console that came out like a fooking years ago so I'll pass on this Dark Soul with horse.
Will the Kirk Fan club be returning if there's the Kirk armour set in Elden's Ring? =D
Looks Fantastic . I cant wait to play this .
A horse that can walk 90 degree cliffs? Oh boy here we go again
Tbh when I first saw vaati's vid, I was kind of underwhelmed, but after watching some more footage I really appreciate how good this looks.
So if I have 3 friends join me, 2 invaders and 1 co op would we be able to travel together? Like could we tackle the world together and not pvp ?
i cant fucing wait
This comment is only about the PVP stat balance and perhaps stats for the whole game. Based on previous games and what I have seen so far, and still early to tell especially since we don't know how the matchmaking will be, but I feel STR builds will be busted. DEX seems like once again just inferior to STR as at only gets "reduced fall damage" which has always been useless, and STR has always had all the shield options tied to it alongside the weight being an extra factor to use shields. And at least in previous games, DEX and everything else missed out on 2 handed bonus scaling benefits that STR had.  And spell builds always required an insane investment to even try be remotely evenly matched to a pure melee build in a 1vs1 especially with heals involved, and easy to avoid spells until the caster runs out of FP and has next to no heals due to the HP/FP heal split that have to go for and the innate squishiness due to being a caster build.  But now STR has equip weight built in so 1 stat they can completely ignore that previous games had to level up. Also Stamina cost seems to be messed up now on attacks and again for rolling, once again Roll Souls 3-like again. But once again this also means an additional stat STR builds can ignore, that is based on the stamina consumption I seen so far and I can't imagine another weapon actually requiring an investment in Stamina.  And now with poise the STR builds can have the best armor by default and always win trades and do big damage all in a single stat? This doesn't seem right. Especially if they can do something like R1 spam on a fast weapon with a STR infusion using the Ashes of War and become unstoppable traders. Then even if I have a light build and a fast weapon, the STR build opponent can just equip a similar speed weapon and always come out on top in the trade and never be staggered?  And also the fact STR builds generally means better shields which in turn means better against stamina loss on block and safe turtling unless you went 30 INT+30 FAITH with Chaos or Dark infused Great Corvian Scythe just to hard counter shields with chip damage.  At least DS2 had poise health and also a separate stat just for Weight which required additional investment if you actually wanted poise in your build. And DS3 also had weight as a separate stat requiring investment for poise, as well as poise being different and actually making sense balance-wise for weapons. Doesn't sit right with me that someone can poise through attacks with a little dagger or a straight sword.  But DS1 poise comboed with a single OP stat? PVP sounds like it's going to be bland and boring real fast.
I didn't think I could get any more hype god damn  But also... apparently, it's been Time for Crab for many years and will continue to be so for many, many more.
By far the BEST one of these 30 min gameplay vids. Top notch quality as ALWAYS Iron Tarkus <3
This game made me lose NNN
I normally prefer pure melee builds in FROMSOFT games, but magic seems like a necessity here.
I'm excited to see the BOSSSSSS WEAPPPONSS!! right down the road ..
You really share a lot of my same concerns and hearing your assessment that it's done well is reliving.
I just completed Dragons Dogma again and that 'out of combat' stamina comment really hit home.
Can tell im gonna have a fyck ton of builds
"If you can't understand the primal urge and subsequent satisfaction that comes from jumping on top of big rocks, all I can say is, you and I are not the same."  Spirit of the Mountain Goat
I'm a little bit leery of any claims that sleep arrows are going to continue being the shit when the full game drops, it wouldn't be the first time that people found something cool in a network test which then immediately got nerfed into the floor on public release.
I am so ready to finally have diverse and strong magic. Magic from horseback is cool af.  Also you're the first one to show that weapons have 4-5 hits chains. A small but very important change, I love it
Can I swim?
Sheeeeez fam was I not supposed to notice the copy/pasted dark souls 3 crabs? 00:14
Best video on the game so far!
"You can opt into being invaded solo-" and with those magic words, my one and only tiny fear for this game is gone. I CAN'T WAIT FOR ELDEN RING, WOOOOO!!! :D (Except for the "pay to get invaded" part, I agree with your point.) The DS1 poise is just the icing on the cake. Now I just wanna see a gorgeously implemented Moonlight Greatsword :)
It's a shame to see that From is going back to their roots (again) with Elden Ring. This will be flamed for years to come, but nobody can convince me that this isn't Dark Souls 4.   Sekiro was truly something fresh, and it felt like the developers were finally growing up from their "lololol there's a pitfall / enemy here, please die now" game design and it's disappointing to see From snuggle back into the blanket of their comfort zone they've been in since Demon's Souls.
Sad thing is, people gonna compare this to Dark Souls. It's a different game, live with it.
6:16 Im from Brazil it looks like a  Berimbau
this is it..... we're in the endgame now.
My favorite Fromsoft game? That's easy as fuck! Armored Core V: Verdict Day. Followed by Armored Core 3
Poise is back, baby!!!
I am someone who is excited about them reintroducing DkS1 poise... I'VE MISSED IT SO MUCH
I'm not a fan of Souls game. I'm more of a Witcher 3/Horizon type of guy. DO you think I will enjoy this?
Aside from the spirits, can you summon the various npcs you meet throughout the world for boss battles?
I just want to know if you can progress with your friend in coop. I fucking hhhaaatteed playing coop with someone and then having to go back and do it again for the other person, sometimes 3 times if I'm playing with 2 friends. I'm probably alone in this opinion but that's OK.
With how the shield counter works and can be achieved very effectively, I do hope the kick stays that powerful to dissuade turtling. Though I will exploit the hell out of shield counters against npcs. Stuff was fun in Skyrim and looks alot more fun here.
dont u feel like increasing str to use heavy armor will nerf dex asf?
Remember Invaders has a finite amount of warps to escape a gank squad... Which means more time for the host to spend finding and chasing the invader.
Giant dad shall reign again!
Huh when I heard strength would increase ya equip load before the network test I thought it be a secondary, minor source, but ya saying it's the main stat for it?  Good thing I like playing heavy boys with big strength weapons.
I'm surprised more people aren't talking about equip weight being tied to strength. That breaks the shit out of any other Dark Souls game, so I'm super curious to see how this is implemented.
I feel like fromsoft had been secretly working on this game for 20+ years and dark souls was just fromsoft dangling the keys in front of our baby eyes, seriously, even if some of the former games of the souls series have been underwhelming it's worth it just HEARING ABOUT what's going to be in Elden Ring. Really hope I can play Elden on PS4
Invasion seems like a shitshow now
This is a super great video, but it's hard to keep up with how fast the talking is. Lol.
waited for gameplay to see if im interessted in the game. The scenery made me want it  Im checking this video. I am only on the horse part and im already cant wait for release. I adore movement options the more i have the better.
Dark Scrolls: Online
This handstab thing on stagger is a secret Bloodborne technique passed onto Elden Ring.
#torch should remove your stealth
16:40 *[VISIONS OF OLD MAN]*
I've seen this time and time again, people saying graphics look bad when they don't even look bad. the graphics to me look beautiful almost painted. i also saw people complaining about battlefield graphics, the graphics were just modern up to date realism. not super insane that fries pc's but very passable realism.   what's with this focus on graphics lately.
9:48 Holy shit bro! The Twinsword is back!
for a network test, I haven't seen any YouTubers actually playing co-op or PvP... until you watch this video.
I can’t be the only person thinking there’s a lot of reused darksouls 3 animations ..
I hope they change it so you can just use the solo invasion item without using the other item or just make it a togglable option even
“Thou art maidenless” is gonna be my go-to insult from now on
I’m so excited
By far the most extensive coverage of the game I've seen so far. Well done, I'm psyched for February. The magic looks amazing, the horse jumps, everything.... Oh, and I wanted to ask about the save system. Same as dark souls save and quit where you load up in the same location? Hopefully it's not as easy to avoid invasions as the Demon's Souls remake was.
Dude can we appreciate how good this representation is though. I know that the footage and the info can and understandably should take all the attention but man this video is so good.
cant wait for the sleep arrow pvp meta
"Elden Ring is DS3.5!!" -total dummy Me, an intellectual goat. :rolls away:
think if you get dream where where there is a easy mode in a from software game that would be scary
Can't wait for the pacifist run from Ymfa haha
They should probably nerf those sleep arrows
Twinblades from DS2 back?! One of my favorite weapons and I was sad they did not have them in DS3.
That strength affects equipment load makes sense   But I am still unsure if I like it
there's dragon magic. OH HELL YES, TIME TO ROCK A DRAGON KNIGHT BUILD
What about the hitboxes, lag, latency in pvp?
So two-handing a weapon requires you to hold triangle the whole time, am I understanding that right? So then if I wanted to do a jumping attack while two-handing my weapon, I'd need to hold triangle and press X and then swing? That sounds uncomfortable.
7:47 me and the boys in Feb 25 downloading elden ring
"A culmination of every FromSoft game." Ah yes, I can't wait to invade people with my armored core and fighting the final boss with a pilebunker.  For real though, one day we will get a new Armored Core. Please Fromsoft.
Now I'm even more hyped than before, didn't think it was possible
Oh..my..god...
didnt know blood mahic from bb was gonna make an appearance
please tell me that the open world is big but not like... too large big is nice but too big is just.... blegh
Holy fuck, I'm very knowledgeable in everything this game have so far.  But this is the first time I heard someone say that it has an infinite stamina out of combat?!!!   The excitement is immeasurable.
I’ve waited nine years for my twin blades to come back…
Wait, I have heard, then power stance is back, but twin blades are back as well? If so, then that is cool as hell!
7:06 MOMMY?
I don't know if your experience with open worlds is that of far cry open world levels, but I'm pretty sure most good open world have stuff hidden for those who explore, that's not novelty
Do people really claim that this is nothing like dark souls? like wtf, it literally uses the almost exact same UI and reuses countless animations lol
I hate invasions so fuck yeah, still wish you could just turn them off and still co op with friends
People are lying to themselves. It's engrained in our DNA. If one day we're allowed to double jump in real life, EVERYONE would be jumping on top of stuff. that's a fact
FromSoft is really confident with this one. And goddamnit they better be!  This is fucking awesome, look how beautiful and smooth everything is.
I see that parry on peeve
So, you are saying, this game is even better, then Bloodborne? Sounds impossible. Bloodborne is the best FromSoft game of all time. But in this case I am ok to be wrong)))
tell me bloody wolf isn't Berserk inspired
How often are you able to ressummon after a phantom dies during an invasion?
To be honest, i suck at pvp. Im so glad they allow for solo people to play and not get invade hahahahaha but sad for you guys i guess :>
I am sorry if this has already been asked, but can we swim in Elden Ring?
I understand the primal urge, #mountaingoatgang
The blood stain caught me off guard. Very funny!
I wish you wouldn't have spoiled as much and just stuck to speaking about mechanics but i am sure you didn't mean to.
FromSoft: "We need a low-budget, n00b friendly monster that is easy to duplicate and have many of." Bethesda: "We Got you Fam." 0:14
Can you block while 2H weapons? Is the block riposte thing limited to shields only?
TIME FOR CRAB
Honestly, I've watched a lot of Elden Ring content so far today, and to say I'm hyped is an understatement! The only thing that doesn't seem quite right that I've seen so far is the motion for opening the grave and entering the open world (the character animation is too quick and overlaps the door), but that honestly is only a minor nitpick that doesn't even affect the gameplay
As to the PVP, there's one issue that I hope they get right: running. ESPECIALLY given the game is open world.  In DS3, it is so unbelievably difficult to catch someone who knows what they are doing if they are purely trying to evade you, to the point where it's not worth bothering. The moment they get out of range, which with the low stamina cost of rolling and long roll range even on medium rolls is easy, they run with FAP ring glitch and they're gone.
i hope they will fix the hacker situation and make sure other players wont break your game
I love how they come out with new systems but the game developers don't use the full potential of the engines.
Steaks of Murica sounds cool
Theres a Black Knight riding a horse that spawns on the bridge overlooking the swamp at night in the network test, he's not a boss but he's really tacky and drops some cool stuff since you said you only found the time interaction with the bats
I feel like Elden ring is gonna give from soft literally years upon years for them to have to make something new, it seems like it has SO MUCH content
Fromsoft invented the jump button -Some idiot   This game looks boring. Dark Souls 8.5, we've added mounts!
*Hey, to you reading* .. you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
> Powerstancing is back. > Poise is back. > Skills are more versatile and even acts as infusions. > Magic and miracles are more diverse and smoother to use. > Bows are less sluggish, can be used seamlessly while jumping. > Dedicated jump button opening up new possible moves in combat. > Can level up in bonfires. > Unlimited stamina outside of combat. > One of the best implementations of horse movement and combat.  > The map is just chokeful of unique encounters and dungeons with meaningful rewards.  This is looking to be the best Fromsoft game ever made, and dare I say, one of the best games of all time.
Did you notice any ultra greatsword
Actually screamed when i heard Power Stancing is coming back. Actually made my day since i loved DS2's power stancing.
Thank god bamco published this. Seeing convergeance mod and cinders, I cant wait what the pc mods can do in this scale.
this game will be the best souls borne game ever. change my mind
early beat test plus 10m bosses + is crazy and pretty much solidifies my faith in this game
DS1 - poise DS2 - power stance DS3 - weapon art Sekiro - sneaking  The only thing we're missing is trick weapons
H Y P E D !
I'm so happy about how wierd and colorful this game looks.
Okay so I've seen the shitty side of fast travel, and I'm a bit wary around it. It doesn't really matter what game or genre, you miss out on so much exploration, foraging, pacing, random encounters, esoteric connections, and shortcuts baked into the map. Do you think fast travel is a necessary evil? Is riding a horse around ever the better option? Is there any hope of mitigating the pitfalls of fast travel?
Strength finally increases equip load. You have no idea for how many years I was screaming for this after they separated it into its own stat in Dark Souls 2 and 3 😍. And Yay! Dark Souls 1 poise 🎉 Since I don't care about PvP at all, this makes me happy since not having poise really made Dark Souls 3 strength builds just annoying to use - and Dark Souls strength builds are so satisfying. And I didn't fully understand the scope of the summon pool mechanic, but I hope this means that you don't need to stand around in one place forever just to get summoned. For example, getting summoned for one dungeon while you are nowhere near it.
I love the checkpoints before bosses. I am a noob to From games and the thing I disliked the most about them was the run to get back to the boss. I have no problem with a difficult boss that you need to try 30 times, but having to redo the same long path over and over again is something that I will never enjoy.
I feel like elden ring is what dark souls 2 could have been.
This game looks so beautiful
Are mounts changeable anyone know???
God. Friggin. Dammit. FromSoftware seems to have a great game on their hands and after making bows far more viable I just hope that they make platforming something that lets you play around the game more.  Having more choices in games is always good and never bad   Im gonna get this for PC but I wonder how well this will run on ps4  Edit: it seems that PS4 runs and looks great. Neat
This game looks freaking sick I cant wait to play it!
Gee wow can you speak any faster?
Editing to add: Fromsoft creates beautiful worlds, and now that we can jump and double jump, those of us who love exploring can finally climb into every nook and cranny. That is the first thing I could think of seeing footage of this dude jumping up every wall and rock. 😂  The most telling thing is how much beta footage people have been able to post. That alone is proof that Fromsoft is confident in this creation. I can't wait. 😍
im so excited for this game to be public im overflowing with excitement and energy
Omg yet another open world that has a bunch of empty space that won't reward you for exploring it fuck man they had such a good formula already why go even MORE open world
Sekiro also
That stealth shit looks so boring it reminds me of assassins creed ew
I joked years ago with my friend that every game in the Soulsborne series was just a massive feature test for specific mechanics and they'd all eventually be refined and combined into one super massive game. I can't believe that actually seems to kind of be the case, intentional or not.
I am so excited for pvp in elden ring. The only thing im unsure about is the lack of true weapon combos because that system was very satisfying in ds3 pvp, but at the same time the combat in this game looks 10x more baddass than ds3 ever was. Plus it also means there will be much less cancer pvp builds in elden ring
How did the horse guy break parts of the chapel he didn't didn't touch? It looks so bad imo
I signed up for the beta exactly 6 times and i didn't get a code. That has gotta be the saddest shit that ever happened to me and I've lost family members to covid
Found any club types? Powerstancing 2x great clubs in ds2 was tight.
I’m so relieved to hear that the whole world is available in co op!! I was worried it would be restricted to only dungeons/main areas. This game is ahead of its time, I’m calling it now
OKAY FINE I'LL GET ELDEN RING
What are your opinions on strength vs faith vs dexterity build? I usually play strenght, but I would like to try something new, is faith friendly for someone new to the build?
I really hope an open beta will happen
No combos will kill pvp. It’s blood borne all over again. Ridiculous Fast heals and no combos to punish anything making combat feel aimless and the opposite of fluid. I hope this gets changed before release otherwise I’m sure the pvp will be dead within a few months of release just as blood borne did. Blood borne too bad some of the best pve ever seen from fromsoft. I just hope that isn’t the fate of this game.
16:47  States of America. Very curious, Miyazaki.
I can already tell I'm gonna put an unhealthy amount of time in this game 😅
I'm really hoping they have Ultrawide 21:9 support...Being they have a 60fps cap, I have my doubts. Anyone know one way or the other so far?
You’re the ONLY one that actually sold me on this game! More so than the original trailer! Great work! Plus I sub to your channel.
If we can name our horse, I’m naming mine Ivermectin.
After watching all of this I have to say. I'm so fucking ready.
So Bloodborne pvp, neat, more excited for the game itself than the pvp personally, as dark souls 3s end was arguably the worst I’ve I’ve ever had to deal with, pray they live service this bad boi
this is the most berserk looking one yet
Those sleep arrows are ganna get MEGA NERFED.
You could jump on sekiro
I'm not really a Dark Souls fan.. per se. I don't like the DS series, but I DO really love Bloodborne and Nioh. Bloodborne and Nioh mostly just felt.. faster to me. More fluid. This looks really cool though, I hope it's more my taste because I'd love to explore this open world.
Does anyone know if you get sent back to your world after killing the boss in co-op or can we finally run through without having to pick up our friends every 5 minutes
"feel free to go somewhere else and die in a ditch" ahhhh home
Shame you still can't coop without having to deal with constant invasions. Last time I played ds3 with a mate we quit a few hours in due to non stop harassment from obviously twinked out characters. Not rly fun. When I mean constant, I mean almost immediate invasions. Ran out of humanity to summon.
I'm happy people love their PvP. I just wish the community wasn't so gatekeep-ey with it. I just  wanna play with my friend, I don't want to have to deal with being invaded every single moment that I can. I'm currently trying to show my friend Dark Souls 3 and it's nigh impossible to actually get anywhere because we are constantly invaded. I just want to play the game with my friend. I  shouldn't be forced into this overly meta and taken way too seriously PvP aspect in these games where PvP is entirely optional. I've seen so many people say those who want to only play PvE don't deserve to play the game.   It's cool that you wont just get invaded if soloing in this game, but hearing that you still get invaded while in coop makes that feature completely moot imo. Either take it out completely or leave it in completely. Maybe make the invasion timer a bit longer, make it a consumable like a repel from pokemon, do anything to help us "casual" people who just want to play a well crafted game with our friends, without the toxic and broken aspect of PvP.
Seeing all the individual elements of all their games DeS and beyond has me pretty stoked. I'm extremely glad to see powerstancing make a return, as that was one of the best features of DS2 imo (that, and the brutal counter/backstab animations). Did you notice a decent variety of such animations depending on your weapon by chance?
O SHIT DOUBLE-BLADED SWORD O SHIT
trending yessir
Early Elden Ring lore theory: Champions are the descendants of a arena slave that succeeded in winning their freedom and became a sort of hero in such a way that the slaves exports were marked in history and a culture was formed around the story. Which in terms of the world setting could be reminiscent to that of The Mark of Cain but instead of committing a grave sin, a person found a way to win their freedom while holding onto their hope of getting out. Edit note: considering how going unarmed allows you to get a powerful kick, something tells me that Fromsoft is going to give unarmed builds a big upgrade
1:04 yes enemywise, mechanicwise, sekirowise and graphicwise it's dark souls 4
Oh my god, this game looks amazing.
I can’t wait for the fromsoft classic poison swamp
DS1 poise AND Strength requirements for armor?! Hoo baby I'm excited! Lack of any guaranteed combo is a bit strange, but we'll have to see how it plays out. Thanks for the excellent vid!
--->https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzAUj5DNHXSkV2jxoRVVlyohxphQK-S9R --->https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzAUj5DNHXSlhjwzn3utvcw6XKujKjb0C
The people that disliked this video definitely pre-ordered COD Vanguard
The invasion finger is a must! Anything to help get away from brain dead gankers is a must.
the no 2-hit combos kinda seems unbalanced for pvp, seeing as light weapons will be pretty much useless, but other than that im really excited for this game.
I love most of it but I hate the fact that there is is no cav pvp.
just imagine how proud giantdad will be watching you powerstance zweihanders
man theres not a single thing i’m disappointed with so far.
They took a lot of good features from Bloodborne, and the combat is looking fucking fantastic because of it.
Inb4 Shrek Cosplay ;)
I am so fucking ready for this game! Fromsoft games has ruined most other games for me by being so damn good.
I’m so hyped for this
https://youtube.com/shorts/isFj46XEH9E?feature=share
Bro, can barely understand you with how fuckin fast youre talking. Laughing cry face emoji times two
NO PREORDERS!!!!!!
The Souls series constanstly pushing the boundaries. After 11 years, finally a JUMP BUTTON. No other game can compete, clearly Game of the Year 2022.
POISE BOIS BABY!!!!
7:07 I can see what future artists are gonna do already
Isn't Dark souls 1 the most favorited fromsoft game?
POWER STANCE IS BACK!? OH MY FUCKING GOD
Small detail I thought was really cool: at 4:42, the fire that the dragon attacks you with is redirected around the environment when blasted at the large rock.  If you stood right behind the rock you’d probably be safe unless the dragon moved around while breathing fire, that is so neat.
"Let's just make Dark Souls 4 and give it a new name" - Miyazak
Great job
12:55 and i saw clowns complaining that they reused too much assets from ds3... imagine all the man hours that went into this
Looks and sounds like a demo more than a beta/network test
I'm a long time fromsoftware fan and was basically already sold naturally, but I did have a number of concerns about the game. But having watched this and vaati's impressions, virtually all of my concerns have been put to rest. This is going to be so amazing. The one thing that I still wonder about is if the minidungeons in the open world will be varied enough. This is just the first area, so can't really say yet, but the ones we've seen have either been cave type ones or catacomb type ones, and I'm a little worried that the minidungeons will all be one of a few types that end up feeling same-y after the first few dozen hours. But that's really my only concern, and it's a pretty minor one all things considered.
no pyromancy equivalent class of magic game is cringe
There's another time based encounter: the black knight only appears at night
"infinite stamina outside of combat needs to be a standard for openworld game with a stamina system" me: man if dragon's dogma got this memo "im looking at you dragon's dogma" me: AIYO
I forgot this was coming out. I am so excited. Power stancing time
Hey, we all know the kick in DS1 and DS3 only happened on accident when you were trying to R1. It true-comboed into dying.
There's gonna be ever worse player invasions prolly lol
Not gonna lie, hearing backstabs are back and not done the way Bloodborne did them does make me a little nervous. Even in DkS3, backstabs were still the supreme combat option it felt like. But if you're saying it's fine from testing, I'm going to have to just cross my fingers and hope. Aside from that, everything else looks awesome!! The lance with the new counter attack looks really sick, reminds me of Monster Hunter's lance combat. One thing I'm a little confused on with the new weapon art system. Is it like DkS3 where some shields parry and some shields do the weapon art? Because you just said "L2 with a shield" which made me think parries were gone but then in the video we also see you parry. Sorry for the confusion!
Boi you assuming alot of my intelligence when you throw out a 2 dollar word like "Diagetic" 😂
I’m so damned hyped omg
I won't lie...Hearing a few things here made me more worried than excited. Sorcery looks to be inherently weaker if you wish to be a caster, casters are still limited to such a small pool of fp that is shared with everything that isn't a basic attack, you still must sacrifice healing to be able to keep up your main attack, there are no fp-less fallback options (think cantrips from D&D...powerful enough to keep up with basic attacks available to weapon-users, not strong enough to be a good alternative to full spells, magic items, or class-feature attacks)? And as a person who greatly preferred faster weapons, fighting being weighted so heavily towards high-damage, single-hit, slow weapons *and* original poise making a return, all of the points about pvp and the combo attacks do not allay my concerns.  I know it's just a test and there are months to go, but I also know how software and game development work. Changes, even now, are not likely because of how much work must go into making even minor changes...If you want them to come out right. I think I'm glad I won't have compulsory pvp this time around since it really seems like my preferred styles of play will simply be too much of a disadvantage if any pvp starts.
this is what I call a beta gameplay, unlike other big company long time franchise's beta, terrible graphic, UI and netcode, and the overall is like built by indie dev.
9:15 I'm convinced iron pineapple is secretly a goat
Are there utility spells like hidden body, decoy, spook, snap freeze etc?
Honestly, relegating invasions strictly against summoners could very well be a mechanical boon in the end, as now they can balance the encounter fully against gankspanking, instead of worrying about newbies getting destroyed by fully optimized twink builds. Summoning always made the game so easy and passive, that felt dirty. Now they can hopefully bake some serious risks and danger into it. I just hope that they can sort out dried finger runs as something desirable, instead of just a strict expense.
Only thing I now hope for is more ridiculous weapons like Gael's sword, two hand ultra greatswords, Farron's greatsword etc
holyshit this game probably have the BEST mounted combat in the world
>crafting LONG, AUDIBLE SIGH
LET ME IIIINNNNNNNNNNNNN!
I need to know if if they have a combo chain for 2 greatshields. I cant even conceive what a realized combo chain for that would look like.
12:59 There's a pretty important point right here. We spend a LOT of time attacking and evading, that's what fromsoft combat is like. So both the attacks, AND the evasive maneuvers should have variety!  That's something I loved about Sekiro. You can't survive with a single evasive move: you have to deflect, dodge, jump, stomp swords and stomp heads.  Now, I wonder if that is how elden ring will play? Thanks to that block-counter, there's actually a reason to block an attack that you could have rolled. Jumping also has i-frames https://youtu.be/vJpqBpZACkg?t=898, so it might be a viable option for evasion. I hope this makes the player think for a moment before evading each attack.
Was pretty sad that I didn’t get chosen to play the network test, but you just made me all the more excited for this game. Power stance is back, and the magic looks absolutely amazing!
Do sleep arrows work on invaders?
"Culmination of every FromSoft game ever made" is a bold choice of words when they made Armored Core as well Unless there's something in the test that you're not telling us lol
Hype!
wow, sphere hunter suzi spotted! that's a surprise... hope you get to play co-op together with her more for a collaboration or something
I played every souls games but I won't lie I wish for once pvp was optional. Exploring the world with my friends without getting invaded every 10min would have been really fun.
Hey people in the comments or Pineapple. Do we know if parry is similar to souls 1/sekiro where it is active on press/frame 1 or is it similar to ds2/3 where it has a startup window?
Activision take notes 📝 Reel tawk
16:46 ah yes, the states of 'murica. My favorite new mechanic
Goat!
Imagine spoiling yourself over this.
I feel like you either love these games or you hate them. My first Souls go around was Bloodborne. My first steps into that game were some of the hardest game play hours I have ever spent. That game was so good to me that even after multiple ps4s I had crashed due to hard drive failure I grinded back up to level 150 knowing that the games difficulty curve was more like a curb stomp. It is like the games entice you with how hard they can be. It really helps you appreciate how truly good at making video games From Software is. The meat grinder can be fun if you crave violence and are OK with losing 12k blood echoes over a pig from hell wanting to run you over like a bus. I am massively excited for Elden Ring and will most likely lose hours exploring the world.
Damn this made me excited even more
This game makes me think we need a new dragons dogma
The thirst for Elden ring footage has led me to discover some amazing channels. Great Video.
No invasions on solo players My disappointment is immeasurable
But can the horses do backflips?
The Myth The Legend The Almighty power stance is back It's time to dual wield those ladle b0ys!!!
Tbh the ability to wear heavier armour being tied to strength is something I'm pretty excited about as a mostly-dex player. It not only makes logical sense, but it also offers a nice challenge + furthers the divide between large, slow, heavy-hitting builds vs light, fast, yet vulnerable warriors that makes replaying the games so fun  Also Torrent is adorable and I would die for him
Dude, this game looks so cool, it's a shame that i will need to wait like 5 years to play it :/
22:07 yup, a whole 3 halves
Finally 🧪🤔 Viable faith builds
i wonder what this games equivalent of the ds3 fight club area will be :0
Looks like a soulsborne game with just a new area and story. I don't understand what the hype is about.
ITs a nice touch that they made it a donkey/goat beast you ride as goats can literally scale weird vertical sides .It looks bizarre when one does.
Before I saw this video I had no idea Elden ring even existed. Now I, as someone who's only experiance with the series has been DS1 on Switch, would love to get my hands on this.
I don't know why but hearing equip load is tied to STR fills me with joy. Along with the return of poise, STR and heavy armor might be a valid choice instead of a fasion statment like in ds3.
it looks fun but not gonna lie the graphics look kinda like the game is built on UE4 and uses a few of the starter assets. Which doesn't mean the graphics are bad, the colors and visuals of it just look kinda bland and generic and lacking the color and flash that the better souls games (1 and 2) had
Powerstance is back!?!?!?! I'm gonna nut! My dual giant club caveman shall be back to invade everyone!!!!
the problem is that the graphics look worse than ds3s at times
I just came.
IT'S NOT A HORSE!
This looks fucking great. Maybe I will actually try PvP this time round as it looks far more balanced.
is being summoned for co-op like a normal invite thing or is it random?
I really enjoy your videos, they're well thought-out and I appreciate your effort to organize them into chapters for ease of viewing.  I was hearing a lot of rumblings since the recent gameplay reveal to the effect of "oh looks like DkS4 lmao" and I'm happy to hear someone not just say it's more than that, but also demonstrate it.  I'm interested by their change to PvP -- I think the only people who would be unhappy are people who want to invade random people trying to solo, and I think that demographic could be appeased if there turns out to be a robust arena of some sort!  That is, if the new changes don't already support fight clubs more than enough already.  Personally I am looking forward the most to exploring the combat systems.  It looks so interesting, and my instinct has always been to try everything over multiple runs so I'm very excited!
Okay, so it’s just Dark Souls though?
DARK SOULS 1 POISE LETS GO!!! (DS1 poise with DS3 backstabs was always the proper solution, idk why it took us so long to get there)
the intro is boss
Oh look, the first full price game I'm going to buy in a decade. If mr Pineapple loves it, I'm going to have to find my socks after they're knocked into the neighboring county.
Am I the only xbox player who heard gibberish when he was trying to explain the interact controls?
Im so fucking excited for this, im glad they kept the price at 60
Wait so if you wanted to play with friends you're forced into pvp? Or did I mishear and you can just run around killing pve stuff with a buddy?
Was this the whole world map in this demo?
Normal people: "Oh, it's a beautyfull Game" *Dark Souls* Players: *JUMP* *JUMP* *JUMP*
I actually haven't played all that many Fromsoft titles (fair amount of DS1 Remastered, little bit of DS2), but I'm super excited for this game. The combat looks fun and versatile, I can't wait to mess around with all the different weapons and spells.
Power stance baby!!!!!
Does it run at solid 60 fps on ps5? If not, how bad were the dips?
Looks good.  It sounds like they're backing off on some of DS3's questionable design choices in favor of DS1 and DS2, but without ignoring some of the improvements DS3 brought to the table.
The destructible environment reveals new items
4:04 My guy sounding like an oldschool animal crossing villager. absolute savage. lol
Calling it now: this will be fromsofts best title yet
Stop trying to kill the rolling goat, you monster!
OHHH ELDEN RING
Forgive me, but I’m getting Monster Hunter World vibes. Not because they’re necessarily similar games, but because both seem to have completely revolutionized the series they came from. New moves, new mechanics, new characters, new everything. It does make me curious about how ER will age, however. I’ve seen plenty of players get easily burned out on World and return to older, jankier monster hunter games, seemingly inexplicably. I guess we will see. Either way, this game is certain to change quite a bit.
Ok 2 questions regarding online play, what about pvp latency from the previous games? it is the same?  The other one is what happens if your coop summon dies? He goes back to their world like previous entries?
First person who didn’t pick enchanted knight
I was hoping for diferent and new menus,fonts,huds and animations to give a more original vibe from other souls games
I want to watch this but I need to save myself
From all the Elden Ring videos I've watched so far, yours is the one I liked the most. Great watch, looking forward to playing the game next year.
Im kinda worried that despite all this build variety we will just end up with a very limited meta for pvp like it was in DS1. If the poise system is back and strength weapons are going to outclass dex weapons per hit, then I feel like dex builds need to be able to play more into mobility/agility and have better dodging or something along those lines to compensate.   I also think invaders should not be able to teliport away to heal while in combat, that is definitely broken. Not sure how I feel about the map directly telling the invader where the host is either - this might be a little too unbalanced when it comes to solo invasions and will take out any hide and seek component or opportunities for the host to outsmart the invader through other means - features which made the souls games more unique. It would have been cooler if the signs of grace reveal the approximate area of the host so the invader still has to search, that way a host can use their wits.   However the invasions where people don't abuse these mechanics will be more interesting in co-op and it will also make invasions more fun so I have really mixed feelings. I feel like outside of co-op the host is at a massive disadvantage so there needs to be some kind of counter feature to compensate for this.
WAIT POWER STANCE IS BACK!!!!! BEST GAME EVER!
this looks fantastic , beyond fantastic . a masterpiece . hopefully it brings fresh air to the open world game . reminds me of traditional souls mixed with shadow of the colossus. minus climbing on enemies
Is the elden ring beta out rn?
yep, its pre order time.
magic always felt like something you always had to use situationally because you couldn't get through an area exclusively with magic, either due to charges or FP. it also was always primarily "use the soul arrow-looking spells or deal very inefficient damage". has either of these changed?  similarly, the weapon arts look like they take forever to come out, are they worth the effort to cast them?
Hope from soft can manage to stop always being behind graphically with their next games, the great art design deserves better graphics.
amazing video, also, please make a video with InfernoPlus's mods!! your content is great!!
Poise is back on the menu boys
all doubters and trolls are in shambles right now :P
One thing im really glad for is that the open world doesnt feel too empty and spread out like lots of other open world games, theres plenty to do
dark dogma colossus
Damn, they did it.
4:03  thats the most polite fuck off ever
You know a developer is confident with their game, when they give beta access semi openly to people and said people can post footage and share opinion to others. Not like a certain game.
Anyone critiquing Elden Ring for it's graphics is just telling you they've never played a FromSoft game.
8 hours of content?
Is the next From game just going to be a totally-not-souls MMO?
The only thing causing me to hesitate from this game might be the seeming lack of towns. I really love towns in open world games
Everything about this game looks fucking amazing, i cannot wait to get lost in this world.
Walking about "Open World Design" the only one that really shine out for me is Genshin Impact, every corner have a puzzle or something to do ant it's amazing to explore it's entirety
What about... Sleep arrows on PvP?
Fym? It looks amazing graphically
Game of the year
12:28 about time!
I am literally about to break into tears from how good this looks
i should have stopped watching a few seconds in when you said you liked it. that was enough for me. i got 9:22 in and i'm shutting it off. i want to go in as blind as possible.
If you beat a dungeon boss do your summons disappear?
Not Dark Souls 3 part 2, but maybe Dark Souls 4.
I thought that guy was Santa Claus 6:17
Dark souls 1 poise was the best imo. Other than for the cheesy back stab it was great
The style has ds2 vibes
is your voice accelerated to fit the 30mins bro? LOL
7:13 yes
I think this genuinely might become my favourite game ever, this looks amazing
I've never been so hyped for a game ever. Can't wait to sink hundreds of hours into this upcoming FromSoftware masterpiece ♥️
Why can't they just have certain areas where you can get invaded (or something like bell maiden in Bloodborne)... I'm disappointed.
THE DARK SOULS 3 CRABS ARE BACK <3
This video literally took my hype for the game, threw it and gave it back 100x bigger than it was
This is the first I've seen on anything Elden Ring. Thanks for your views. You mentioned different stances and stuff, which has me a bit worried, as I didn't enjoy Nioh (though, that was mostly due to getting oneshot by every boss). Is it something like that?
Is there anyway to rebind the controls?
👍👍
And now we wait..
Gives me shadow of the colossus vibes
The only problem I have is the damn jelly blood, the rest of the game looks so good but does everyone need to have jam inside themselves?
the feminine urge to double jump on top of big rocks
Ewww. Those controls sound like garbage,
How is there more than one red in a single world? I thought only one red can invade any given world.
How much I envy you. Can't wait to own it.
Ny favorite Elden Ring video yet! amazing job
Now all I need is to go into a coma until the release of the game
I'm holding back so much to not pre-purchase this game, but every thing seens so good it's getting almost impossible.
"Culmination of all of Fromsofts games"... Oh yeah, where are the guns from Shadow Tower??? Checkmate.
I have only one question in regards to pvp. What about latency? Previous souls games always suffered due to latency. Are connections still peer to peer?
I know some people strangely like DS2 and love to praise the duel wielding stance feature for it though I have a hard time understanding why. Since the duel wielding move sets were overly limited and honestly didnt add very much. Couldn't mix different weapon times for unique move sets since it would only use the move set of one of the weapons. It was the cool new shiny toy that just didnt really deliver. It was quickly replaced by the paired weapons later that had unique move sets. I'm honestly kind of shocked to see it and poise. Gives me bad feelings.
Jealous niggas be like "looks bad...skipped" lmfao
I'm just here to comment as I don't want to be spoiled but still want to fluff the algorithm by liking and commenting
3:10 So it doesn't even require timing or anything. You just do a counter-attack by blocking. Talk about newb mode. I have no idea why you like that (or maybe I do).
Losers be taking off work for WoW or FFXIV expansions but I'll take off for Elden Ring
All I care about is them adding 60+FPS and most importantly 21:9 UW. From Soft and Bandai Namco need to get with the modern times on PC, so tired of needing to mod all of their games.  Doesn’t matter how great this game is if they don’t add UW on PC.
wish they could've added a mountain goat for a mount 'cause i will be jumping over those hillsides a lot.
Esketit
This looks so good
So my big concern with Elden Ring actually is the artstyle. I'm replaying DS3 right now (for reasons completely unrelated to Elden Ring), and one of the things that's really struck me is the sheer spectacle of many of the zones. I especially remember Archdragon Peak, the Kiln of the First Flame, and Lothric as seen from the Firelink Shrine tower. With the last one especially, looking out at Lothric Castle, if you start from the bottom, you really start to get the sense of *why* it's called the High Wall of Lothric. Then you look down, and you realize how far it is from the top of the sheer cliffs the wall rests on to the ocean void below. Then you look *up*, and you see that all of that cliff and all of that wall isn't even halfway to the top of the castle keep.   DS3 was a true culmination, and the sheer scale and majesty of many of the areas really helped drive that home. And I kind of worry that Elden Ring won't be able to hit the same visual highs, which would be a terrible waste of its exploration mechanics. I can't think of anything better than parkouring all around the High Wall.
I assume coop player wouldn't be sent back immediately after defeating a boss, is that true? Also, previous souls games stop the player from summoning for coop in an area, once they defeat that area's boss. Is that no longer the case for Elden Ring?
Darn it! The souls games are the wrost. Beacause of them I can't like any other game anymore, except them. Specially the main DS series. I am stuck in a loop only playing DS1 to 3 and repeat. Hopefully Elden RIng is coming to widen my addiction.
Can't wait for the memes once this game releases.
Can't believe From gave us a mountain goat instead of a horse and just thought we wouldn't notice.
my body is ready.
Iron pineapple: Poise is back  Me: initiate phase one FIREING UP THE BASE CANNON
Yeah ok this game looks sick as fuck
So you never mentioned if when you die if you turn into a hollow or not. Did they get rid of the mechanic of switching between hollow and human using a consumable?  I did see that you said though that the only way to see summon signs is through a craft able consumable, is it easy to craft the consumable or do you really need to hunt down the materials? Because something that i thought was annoying in the past games was if you played with your friends and you got killed you had to use a consumable that was in limited supply.
With all the bullshit if the pvp level isnt like around lvl 20 im not going into pvp with a 10 foot pole.  Hell, i will just ignore it like usual as dks pvp has been dogshit. Only fun ive had was in dks1 years after launch when for months i wouldnt find a single giant dad loser, dks3 arena and bloodborne.  The one tread connecting them? No magic or miracles, besides the usual loser that uses tears.  Best part of bloodborne is that there were no backstabs, no poise, no armor shenanigans and no magic.   So sad to see this game is so goddamn heavy on EVERYTHING but actual melee combat. Its all about magic, miracles, special attacks/weapon arts, fkn spirits like its nioh2 (worst part of nioh2 was the collecting of those shitty op spirits).   However the single player part about open world gave me hope. Im disgusted by open world games. Very few open world games work for me  ecause they are just empty maps with recycled stuff everywhere, aka fake content.  But if elden ring is really just a big map with unique handcrafted stuff everywhere, then it might be the best open world game...which doesnt say much. Cuz the franchise lost its soul, the metroidvania and roguelike soul.  No more interconnected map. It literally physically cant be cuz its a vast map, not a big vertical maze. Fuck, that was the BEST part of souls games. I guess bloodborne will still be the best souls game. And yes, that is the most agreed upon souls game as the best one, contraty to what is said in the video.  Its between dark souls 1 and bloodborne, mostly because dks1 was the first for many so nostalgia and rose tinted glasses and also pc fanboys still mad its a ps4 exclusive.   Oh well...this video kinda hyped me up a little bit. But honestly, im like at a 6/10 hype level now, instead of a 3/10. Had wsy more hype for demons souls remake
GIANT ENEMY CRABS!!! This game is perfect.
So heckin excited 😁
Power Stance Twinblade is just nutty
aw.... I was hoping that I could just open my world for invasions by default, instead of having to use an item.
I just saw the online stuff and PvP meta. The rest I want to go blind. Seems alright, overall. I like that as an invader we, at the very least, get to have a marker to find the host. Invasions in dark souls 3 were, for the most part, always against 2 or 3 players anyway, so I think I'm ok with the idea of invading only parties. Having to go through all the hassle to get invaded while you are by yourself seems a bit annoying though, but I think I'll be doing that quite awhile since I like fending off invaders by myself as well.
TIME FOR CRAB
honestly i was hoping for a separate pvp mode like tdm , 3v3 battles or something
The mere idea of implementing the linear gameplay of the past titles and actually make it work this good in an open world formula, is not only a proof of Fromsoftware being masters of their craft, but also to the passion and confidence they have in their vision.
Time for crab  T I M E F O R C R A B
Cool! Less giant crabs!
I was pretty checked out of the series by now and didn't really hold any hype for Demon's Souls 7, but I have to admit this looks pretty damn fun. Seems like it's got something from every past installment with enough new stuff to spice things up. Gonna be great to hunt all the item descriptions and other tidbits of lore around this huge world.
I can't believe double jumping horse has activated Iron Pineapple's inner mountain goat
Whoever think the graphics are bad is blind lmao
How is the guard counter in PvP? I thought it'd be super toxic but it seems like it doesn't instantly give you a riposte when figthing players
I'm ready to buy it after seeing you can jump.  Now to wait until like next year when I can justify buying a PS5!
That settles it for me. I am booking a couple days off of work for this game because it looks and sounds awesome.
Any thoughts on the reasoning behind disabling the mount during co-op? I understand during pvp, but why not just disable once a co-op has been invaded? Looking forward to ER vids from you. Just subbed.
I love how they polish and improve their formula of making a game in almost every area, it's not that significant and it improves enough and shows that they have a vision and a plan for the future instead of recycling the same old thing with a new coat of paint
Man I can’t wait to play
Wow, Trending. Nice job dude
I'm glad a lot of the meat riders(bandwagon) are going to pay for the game and not even beat the first boss, then give up. Don't git gud.
Thanks man, really appreciate a Review from a soulslike master
Some time after Elden Ring's release, I swear people are going to start feeling so weird about previous Souls games not being open world
ROLLING GOATS!?  Pre-ordered.
Your thoughts on the game were amongst my highest anticipated amongst the souls community, thank you for such a well described recount of your experience.  Super fucking hyped now that people have had their hands on it and it's actually looking seriously promising (Not that it wasn't always looking promising, but you've always gotta be careful.)  Looks like this'll be another 150-250 hours minimum I'll be spending on a From game.
My god that intro was so sick. They never seem to disappoint with their music.
How is your health bar so fucking massive
Who told you horse can does double jump? Vergil.
The movement advancements are what makes this game so much different from dark souls. In dark souls, you would not have that much movement capabilities, but in elden ring,  its almost limitless in the capabilities you have. This was definitely the right change and will give people a loooong time to look for bugs/glitches and to be able to explore the game alot more freely, another nice change i myself liked, was the addition of counter attacks. The parry system always felt unfair, as when u use it, it counters pretty much only big weapons. But with counter attacks it gives u room to counter smaller weapons as well, and with the much less hitstun, we shouldn't run into quickstep murky anymore.
Well you better hope this game turns out to be the best video game ever made or your credibility is gonna tank hard. You literally had not a single criticism to levy? Really? You played a demo and determined it’s the greatest game of all time? I’d love to just jump on board but if I’ve learned anything is that the hype train ALWAYS passes right through the station and crashes and burns somewhere. I’ll believe it’s the most perfect-est video game ever made and not just rose-tinted bias when I play it.
pog
After making a bunch of videos about zooming into the past, Pineapple finally gets to zoom into the future
How does coop progression works? If I play like 4 hours with a friend on his world and I get back to mine will I be at the start or have killed all bosses we did together?
Am I the only one who has always been annoyed by online in Souls games? The PvP is always clucky and relies on gimmicks and I should be able to just play the game co-op with friends without jumping though so many hoops. Losing the ability to pause(and now a double jumping horse) just to have a half-assed multiplayer never made sense, and I can't understand why they didn't overhaul or remove the system after DS1.
I feel like it's a huge love letter to Berserk. And that's not just the giant Falconia tree talking, but the overworld, types of events, etc.
GOTY AWARD 2022!!!
I applied but was denied, I have never gotten lucky with a closed beta, but thanks for putting this together, it really appears to be shaping up to be one of my all-time favorites.
I might be reaching here but I see Eldin Ring having the potential the best souls game. It just has everything. It has an amazing rich world that doesn't feel filled will useless objectives just to fill it. Its actually fun. Beautiful visuals. Beautiful world and ambience. Amazing sound track. It just has the fun factor which most games in general lack. Just my opinion.
They didn't give me a code so I'll wait when it's on sale
Anyone else remember that this was a collaboration of Fromsoftware and George R. R. Martin? Yeah me neither lol
Does anyone know if elden ring will have crossplay?
Excited for this. I started Dark Souls 3 when it came out, but someone ended up playing my my save and losing my souls so I never touched it again. Been waiting for either Bloodborne PC or a new title to come out.
I'm kind of glad it got delayed, it'll give me more time to play Dark Souls: Nightfall...unless THAT gets delayed as well.  I wasn't too hyped for Elden Ring when the first trailer was shown (how many years ago?), but after seeing yours and ymfah's videos, I can feel the hype. It's only a small amount, but its there.
@3:45 Great comment here. Imo, graphical fidelity is extremely overrated, what makes a game good looking is so much more than just graphical fidelity.
Jump appears to function like Bloodborne quick step when locked on. If it does what it appears to be doing, I'm going to like that very much.
Urgggh everything I see about this game breaks down my will slightly more and makes me want to preorder it
This is how you do early access, letting people see the greatness to come.
From what I've read there are no faith scaling weapons in ER (at least in the demo) so that would explain why intelligence spells seem worse (cuz you can make a weapon scale off it). Can't wait til febuary the game looks sick.
Love that my man Iron is so high up on Trending rn
When you miss the Elden Ring network test signup by an hour TuT
Diegetic marker.
Excellent. Just wish blood was the actual color of blood. Like in Bloodborne. Sekiro Blood is orange, Dark Souls 3...I don't know a weird purple, DS2..I rarely saw any blood... But DS1 did it right.. At least the color, and Bloodborne.. of course. The blood in this video looks like pink.
It’s honestly funny that demon soul used to be the worse looking game in the series
I really dislike the not invading solos unless they use an online item. You chose to play online so you should face the consequences,  if you don't want to get invaded just play offline.
Wait you can CHARGE magic???? I've wasted my 72 hours
My only issue so far is the minimap and those lazy minibusses and dungeons
I only got one thing to say demon soul ps5 graphic make elden ring look like Mario 64 lol
i'll wait until release, all things that spell 'real good' in the eyes of players sound like a list of things to nerf (sleep arrows) or remove (horse double-jump to areas)...   **glares at Team Ninja**
6 years since ds3? Holy shit I feel old. And my god where has the time gone?
Is there no kick replacement
Is this the game where you can do a PACIFIST RUN? Sleeping enemies and healing your summons so they kill the enemies and bosses for you?
Metal Gear Souls ?? 😂😂
When you said infinite stamina outside of combat I too thought of dragon's dogma. So many mushrooms
I saw a hovering blade... Made me think of Summon Swords...
Speak wayyy to fast
Can't wait 👍😎
From has always been one of the most creative designers working today. If you stride off the beaten path you will find something unique, unlike every other open world in existence. Even Breath of the Wild, all you will find is another shrine. No unique weapon, armor, unique enemy or skill, but just another shrine. Don't get me wrong, breath of the Wild was a great game, but not as perfect as some make it out to be. If From Software nails this, then we are certainly in for a treat.
I can't believe they renamed Dark Souls II 2 to Elden Ring
Would anyone suggest elden ring to a person who has never played a souls game?
Sleep arrow PVP meta.
Never have I been more excited for a new game before
The end of the demo is snake eater
YESSSSSS! POWER STANCE BROS UNITE!!!!
What would we do without you? I mean, really
"It's just good" - Iron Pineapple
If you block with sword do you still take damage like in dark souls?
t i m e  f o r  c r a b
I‘ve been hearing so many people talking about, how elden ring is dark souls 4. Even if that was the case, personally i wouldnt mind it. Darksouls was a great series of games, and if they decided to continue these great games then sure, why not take another fantastic game.
PvP only good for trolling.
absolutely astounding video! great job going over all of the info in detail. this is going to be the best game ever made!
I really wish there was just a way to co-op without worrying about invasions. I know, I know... git gud and all that. But I have a friend that's going to attempt to really dig deep into this game with me. He's only been playing games in general for about a year. I've tried to get him into Bloodborne and Dark Souls for so long and he's always been too intimidated. We're really looking forward to playing Elden Ring together, and it would be a lot of fun co-oping through a lot of PvE stuff, but I can see a lot of grief for new players like him with invaders completely stomping him every time we join up.
The network test looks like a full game. LOL
Thank you sir Pineapple. Much appreciated. Thumbs up.
Hope it has ultrawide support and an unlocked framerate. Probably won't.
Havent finished the video yet, but PLEEEEEEASE let there be open voice chat. Always hated not being able to talk to randoms in FromSoft souls games.
I think many people underestimate just how good not being solo invaded unless you choose to use an item specifically for that purpose is going to feel for those who are more pve oriented like myself. There will be times that I will use the item, but I'm so glad it's completely under my control now. I have absolutely zero of my gamer pride tied to pvp and not having spergs forced upon me every time I do something like use humanity for non-online purposes (like summoning the homie Solaire) is going to be nice.
My fear of being disappointed had me on the fence about buying Elden Ring.  Now I’m not. Thanks Pineapple :)
February seems real far away now…
Frankly, I feel like you shouldn't get invaded without opting in at all, solo or co-op  Sometimes i just want to play with my friend and not have to worry about the anxiety of pvp
People who hate ds2 definitely have the wrong opinion. I’m sooo excited that powerstancing is making a return.
https://youtu.be/6nioG1y51pY  #HardcoreHalloween #WorldWideWrestling
Really well done vid. Especially liked how you addressed what people may not understand about the graphics
that's really smooth horse combat, say no more fam, I'm sold.
Arcane, a very mysterious jogo.
das2 wasn't bad? this guy is on copium
cant wait for the IGN review on this game
So there's no limit to where you and a summon can go once their in, does that mean you can separate from eachother and go do different things/take on areas like the castle on 2 different paths? Or is there a distance cap between you and your summon or something?  The idea of having ing a tank warrior taking an area head on, while their ranged friend goes up above to provide support, or scout ahead and set up a pincers sounds great
Hey, any info on hand to hand or fist weapons?
This game has sold me 10 times over. Can’t wait for it to come out
Before I watch I gotta ask, is Genichiro's equipment or moveset anywhere to be found?
9:31 Oh God Oh Lord Oh Jesus the Bloodborne snake wads are back. PTSD PTSD Im triggered help
I’m just glad we don’t have another Cyberpunk 2077 situation on our hands
Hell yeah Pineapple this vids 7 on trending I hope people stick around and maybe u can get 1 mil subs
If you get carry weight and poise with Str, what will Dex Give?
Can’t wait for the games breaks
I found your intro to be better and more impressive than the official trailer was. I was not impressed with what I have seen until now, and you changed my opinion, thankfully.
If invasion is an unavoidable mechanic, I sure as fuck wont waste my money on this
Thank Fucking GOD they done away with vitality and it is built in into strength finally. It's the single most welcome addition besides changable weapon arts and scaling. The amount of flexibility you get is unreal. I love they finally realized that this was the biggest selling point of the souls games and now you can try many different previously very resource heavy tactices with relatively low or no risk involved whatsoever.
what might be the system requirements of elden ring?
Having to hold triangle and hitting R1 then L1 to do two-handed attacks is a huge turn off. I hope the world isn't overly bloated like W3 and DA3.
One thing I'm still curious about is the death mechanic...is it what you'd expect where if you die you just have to get back to the spot you died to collect your souls?
The guard guard block looks like a really good balance between traditional DS parrying and the aggressive counters you can do in Bloodborne
What a time to be alive where every youtuber gets the early access games and new consoles but us normal ppl only get to watch things on youtube with nonstop ads and get the game experience spoiled ourselves. What a fair world we live in  :))))
Great to hear! I was really looking forward to your thoughts on Elden Ring, given all of the Souls-likes you've tried/suffered-through.
I’ve platinumed every souls game dating back to vanilla demon souls.  I wasn’t really too excited for Elden but watching your video and Vaati’s honestly sold me on the idea it looks amazing
Holy  I am definitely gonna play this game so much when I can
I fucking LOVE that you can't be invaded when by yourself. I mostly play these games by myself for the PvE anyways. Perfect!
So it's just Dark Souls? Kind of disappointed.
Unbelievable how much people are gushing over this lazy mess.
i only just got my first lord soul in dark souls 1 but elden ring looks so cool
Ok but can I kill a boss and then move on to the next one with my friend
Imma name my horse Roach
I love the horse is just literally Yakul from Princess Mononoke with all the terrain climbing.
i think ill pre order this one...
dark souls 2 to elden ring: "you did it mason, you did what i could not"
So what you’re telling me is that this game is pretty much a blend of every best soulsborne mechanic with the added juice of near perfect open world design. Mother of god these next few months are gonna make me go broke
You said that the Faith spells were stronger than their Int equivalents. What advantages does Int have?
22:08 I don’t think that’s how halves work
I love Fromsoft so much, I have been playing their games for over a decade and I am always pleased
getting in that network test early, the boy got some clout from his meme channel! Congrats
3:42 this clown doesnt know what a fucking cgi trailer is... My god
“Now I know half of you are excited, half of you are panicking and half of you have no idea of what I said” 1/2+1/2+1/2= 1.5 Quick maths with Iron pineapple :p
This game looks really cool! I'm torn between wanting to know everything and wanting to shut everything off before release.
so lemme get this right, they said "we know dex builds are bad so lets make them worse" and then said the combat is literally just dark souls.... I'm still far from convinced
At least I can comfortably play through the game solo while online for useful messages without worrying about MomBanger420x1337 magically putting the Sword of 1000 Truths in my inventory and getting me banned.
It really seems like strength is going to be favored in PvP due to the ability to wear heavy armor wield a heavy weapon and have a lot of poise... idk about that.
The horseback riding makes this look like the dark version of Zelda BOTW
Can one of y’all show us all the spells please
The father of all abnormally large returns.
thank you very much for chaptering since I do not care about pvp, thank you.
No more chameleon-souls where you blend into the background or pretend to be an NPC. Now they just know where you are. That's a real shame. I hope there's some kind of stealth item.
Oh man cant wait to play this game
AfroSenju will rage quit at this game almost every time. Boss has a lot of move sets.
I really hope there's pvp with horses...  Also, can you swim?
A masterpiece is on the horizon
Honestly, invaders shoud never have it easy. This game is already very forgiving for them. Also, I'm very happy that I can play this game solo without invasions AND without handicapping myself (at least as I'm understanding).
They just need to change the lifebar, stamina bar, etc. Looks really generic
Gamers = "When are we gonna get gameplay?" From Soft & Namco-Bandai = "Here You go!" Gamers = "Oh man, this is so good that now the wait (3+ months) will be unbearable." From Soft & Namco-Bandai = "Why else did you think we waited so long?"
Even a shield can attack enemies. What?! FromSoftWare is really going crazy on making Elden Ring.
6:11 SANTA CLAUS!!
I really hope it’s not like ds3 in the way of you can only invade one area Bc once everyone is out and beat the game it’s gonna be a lot harder to find invasions
I’m excited for this.
I’ve watched a few of these reviews now. This is the best and most detailed one so far. I’m especially happy that you’ve revealed the control scheme.
Does this include any spoilers?
0:26 the unused moon presence chalice boss from bloodborne returns poggers
i hope theres some hidden stuff that can only be unlocked or encounter for having invading on or invading others like secret bosses or unlocking special areas
Hating ds2 was the correct opinion
I still remember when I played Dark Souls 2, I always dual wield twin blade. It is so fun to use.
When I found demons souls for 5.99 in a GameStop bin, I didn’t know we’d come this far...  It’s enough to make me shed a tear lol as lame as that probably sounds to some
Also I must say I'm really happy with the way they are handling poise.  It's something I loved in Dark Souls 1 and made me feel like I had more control over my character while playing solo, but going to PvP it was a huge pain in the ass. So I'm happy with how it got tweaked in Elden Ring, puts me at ease
Streamers be like, "It takes from the other souls games" Like imma be like WHAT?!?!?! it doesn't have completely new assets,  art pieces, creative direction, game developers, and control schemes? Bruh...
came for "is it good" thank
1:43-1:56 With this mind, they could fix the “experimentation” part with two falls b2b at the start instead of one. 1st fall has no dmg, showing how far down you can go; 2nd fall is just a little further and has dmg.
Thanks for this amazing video!!
Not that I agree, I think the game is just beautiful from what I've been able to see so far, but I think people are complaining about the graphics because the Demon's Souls remake got a graphical overhaul from the original. Though that game looks beautiful as well, I think people are forgetting that open world games usually have to make sacrifices due to how much is usually loaded in at one time. The souls series had traditionally been a semi-linear experience with the illusion of open-world level design and this is the first time that they've tried actual open world design. I personally think people need to get over themselves when it comes to graphics (I've read some of the comments on that and some of them are saying that they won't play the game because of it), as gameplay and how the game runs are just as important... also, I say again, the game is beautiful and I really don't understand why people want "more" out of how it currently looks.  As far as I can tell, nothing looks jank and the textures are just fine.  (Ending Note: I've actually seen a lot about "graphics snobs" in recent years. People who won't play certain great games, just because the graphics aren't up to snuff in their opinion. I am fine with people wanting to play game for certain reasons and I can get behind aesthetic appeal being at least ONE reason why people play games, but they are severely limiting themselves with this kind of mentality. What I can't forgive however, are those people who say the game is actually bad just because the visuals aren't that great. A lot of indie titles would fall under that umbrella and among them there are great gems just waiting to be dug up! ^_^)
now, i have a massive question  is ER in the DS universe, or is it completely new?
This reminds me a lot of the Witcher 3. Which is open world done right, unlike Ubisoft's copy and paste approach.
There is 3 halves of a pineapple
I liked everything I saw except the 5 big crabs
God DAMN!
The magic is so beautiful. It's just how I always imagined magic to look in my head.
Were you able to customize your characters appearance?
It fills me with a lot of confidence for this that they have given people a free run on the game early. Having that much confidence in their product is tremendous.   There are a myriad of details I've been enjoying seeing, especially some of the details in Skill Ups own thoughts.   I've not seen anything I don't like.   Can't wait to play it.
There is no fucking 'x' or 'k' in 'et cetera'...
Ayo! Weapon arts go crazy. That is a lot of toys to play with.
So true! With those small details, it feels like you are on a real adventure with no one guiding you. Just you going on an adventure to the unknown and that makes adventure so fun. No correct or wrong path, it is not linear.
Yuo*
Man i gotta say, the horse riding animation looks so good, in alot of games horse riding is clunky looking and stiff but this looks on par with rdr2.
im kinda sad about no guaranteed combos tbh
Literally fuming over people saying the games graphics look bad, these people are hilarious clowns, you said it well too, with Art Direction always being FromSofts strength.
I guess i'm so skeptical because i only play Ubisoft open world games basically, but i will give it a chance, unlike Ubisoft games, Elden Ring actually looks like a great, well made, full of care game
Yo! This game is crazy, a lot of interesting mechanics and systems they put in this game. This game will be the game of the year for 2022.
>Twinblades are back SPEEEEEEEEEEN
is my laptop capable of playing this game T_T, its already choking when playing sekiro
What's super funny is htat "Margit" is the hungarain form of Margaret and "Marika" is a nickname for them, so there's an unintenional link in my mind between the boss and those statues.
1:45 I think this is actually a good idea, since without that players may not realise that fall damage even exists and accidentally kill themselves. It might discourage players at first, but once you play for a while you’ll no doubt get more comfortable with how far you can fall.
So if you're able to summon a buddy and explore freely throughout the world, what happens when you do beat a boss? Do they fade away and need to be resummoned for the next area? Can they no longer be summoned in that area if you beat the boss?
I just noticed that I've been smiling the for 25 minutes and while I'm writing this, I'm still smiling. Honestly after witnessing the fuck up that was the launch of Cyberpunk 2077, I'm just trying to not get hyped for anything and just wait 'till the release. But with this one, I can't. Also I just decided to beat Sekiro one more time. So, bye.
Does anyone know if you progress in your own world when progressing in a friend’s world during co-op?
Love the 4-6 hit system. Instead of the 1-2 where you’d stunlock people just by continued swings, with this new system each swing gets progressively slower
Ignore those clowns and retarded people who always throw hate. Ignore them and just have fun with Elden Ring. We don't waste our time on retarded people like these who throw hate on a game with their ignorance on how difficult to create a game like Elden Ring and optimize it for every platform.
I'm legit crying with happiness. POWERSTANCING IS BACK BABYYYYYYYYY!!
"the good stuff"...proceeds to go over the most gimmicky, boring, unbalanced, laggy, casual, waste of time that dark souls pvp is.
After cyberpunk I told myself to not give into the hype……welp 🤷🏼‍♂️
I think what sounds interesting to me, is from the looks of things, it’s kinda going to be hard to go back to some of the older games not that have limited movement and environments. They’ll always be classics, but so is Mario 64 - that game plays like trash now.
Those sleep arrows will be useful for a pacifist run
I'm so happy the game actually seems mostly finished, network test doesn't have an NDA even though release is still more than 3 months away and bugs seem minimal. My excitement cannot be overstated and I look forward to seeing you all there on release day
Was there a rule that your video had to be not more than 25 min? Vidya has a 30 min video but skill up also has an almost-exact 25 min video as well.
Damn this video is so informative. Thank you.
More souls like than half of the ones who claim to be
First time on my Life I am actually considering a pre order 😅
"Charge up most spells for the same FP cost." NANI? Brah this is going be Miyazaki's masterpiece sans asterisk.
My body is ready
Twinblade? Powerstance? Poise is back? Openworld? (far-fetched, but still...) Looks like real DSII 2
POWER STANCIIIIIIIIIING
OH MY GOD THERE ARE CRABS   I’m gonna try and parry one
Would you say that there's a little something for everyone?
i love this game already
thank you so much for this, metal fr00t. im incredibly sexcited
It's enough to make a grown man cry
14:38 Imma call this move.....Iron Reaper Soul Stealer
Great video man cant wait to get into my Network test  palying  it for my self
I know I’m going to be crucified for my opinion on this.. But this looks incredibly boring and feels really safe when it comes to being a “departure” from a souls game. I don’t see anything here that’s really drawing me in. Open world is cool or something I guess.
Amazing video, perfectly summed up everything a souls fan would ever have to ask, and delivered the best presentation of it all, had to drop a like and i've been subbed already for years now so thanks for being such a great content creator.
Yo momma.
I’m really excited for people to do stuff like a passive build where they only rely on summoned spirits   Also I’m excited for people like limit breakers to see what creative things they can come up with
I use to hate ds2, but I have grown to love it.
I don't like the fast travel system , it should only be available at bonfire locations.
dark souls 3 special edition shadows die twice
Do your phantoms still disappear after a boss is killed? I kinda wished that the phantom would stay on and continue with you
I cant wait to play this game, and thank you for clarifying that this game is not just ds3 all over again like everyone says this game looks incredible
double bladed weapons ftw.   Are they strength or dex weapons?
Regarding the co-op, how many people will be able to summon us?
Full confidence in there product pure excellence
Someone invested a LOT into Vigor/Vitality lol
I don’t like being able to fast travel from anywhere, and I’ll certainly miss that original dark souls “I have to actually find creative ways to make a path to a safe point”, or the fear of not knowing if you can get back, but with the open world and verticality introduced I understand it I guess.
POISE BOIS
Thanks for the TLDR at the start.  I'd rather not see too much for now.
Ohh, Elden Ring... You're everything I hoped for.
Would it be fair to say that this is just a Dark Souls Level but on a larger scale?
Oh no this video shows my worst fears realized.....crabs
Bethesda NEEDS to take notes from this ngl
uh oh. halo and elden ring in the same timeperiod. there goes my life. But this is a pro gamer year.
From what I've seen of the PS4 Network Test footage it looks like it's running at 720p with muddier textures and hugely compromised LOD and draw distance.  Just be aware, if you're on last gen consoles Elden Ring looks and runs nothing like this.
5:25 sold me
So it's open like dragon dogma which i like better then any souls game
Yo Elden Ring goat/horse climbing reminds me of the old days of literally abusing the horse in skyrim to get up entire cliffs and mountains.
I certainly remember how hyped i was for Dark Souls 2  i remember how hyped people were on the graphics not looking like 8 bit cutouts   All of this looks great but Buyer Beware -- DONT PREORDER
I think it would definitely be more user friendly if you just had an enable solo invasion setting in the menu.  I would hate to have to use an item everytime I decide I want to get invaded.
I dont care about pvp what make souls games is the single play and the hype is real 😍
Does anyone know if your co-op partner disappears after defeating a boss? Or is it finally a persistent co-op?
So is pyro no longer it's own thing? Is it split between magic and faith or is it only a part of one? WHERE TF HAS MY DEX PYRO GONE FROM SOFT?!
Fantastic news that the game is going great, I was hesitant to pre-order given the usual experience but this looks solid
22:30 this is a lot better considering that it'll be tied to Strength, which should help get rid of the darkwood flipping havel mom scimitar builds.
OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE IT!!!!
I heard "ds1 poise is back..."  and that make pretty happy, and even more after of the back of the power stance of ds1.
Based on the gameplay trailer I think I already know, but for coop I'm guessing only the host can pick up items? So you still need to run the game once in your world once in your friend's world?
Great video dude! Appreciate that you were so thorough with everything while still giving your opinions and not making it a list of features. SO excited for release :D
What's your opinion on the recycled content?
Yes, that solo change for pvp is so freakin awesome. Sometimes you wanna play the game with a friend and get the challenge of someone invading but sometimes you also just wanna be left alone
FUCK YEAH I LOVE THAT POISE
Honestly the bloody finger gank-escape seems reeeaaallly useful. I hope they keep this functioning as is, especially since youre almost guaranteed to invade ganks. Gives the invaders a leg up, finally.
The way your horse can climb, you sure it ain't a goat lol ?
Howd you get number 8 Jesus lol
They could have given stealth kills some proper animations and quieter sound effects instead of the same old backstab and loud af sound. It's sad that it feels  recycled and cheap in some aspects.
18:35 I am 100% happy about this as an *invader*. Listen people, stop the knee-jerk reactions. Think about it: remember all those times that you invade someone, wait, go through a loading screen, and they either 1) run to the boss fog, 2) hide or 3) disconnect altogether? This cuts that down significantly. Now, you can only invade solo people who will actually fight you, and co-op parties who are way, way more likely to fight you. This is an objectively good change. And if you have trouble fighting co-op groups to the point of not enjoying the game... Why are you invading?
a witcher 4 i’d enjoy
Can't wait for my boy  YMFAH "How to break Elder ring"
The only thing im concerned with is poise and landing one hit "combos" in pvp. Literally everything else looks amazing
Was there a greatbow?
hold on do you still disappear after defeating a boss in co-op???
9:25 u ain't a gamer
Dark Souls + Bloodborne + Sekiro + horse  = obviously perfect
Yo, Battle Axe is really sexy this time around
I have very high hopes for this game, still not gonna pre order though.
I had to click through way to many reviews to see the one that would not outright spoil all the content from the network test, and instead focus onto new mechanics and shit. Thank you Iron Pineapple <3   *I just skipped the intro)))
I'm really interested in that faith spell that looked like it was using your blood to deal massive aoe damagr
Wait did you ever test out what Sleep Arrows do to PVP enemies? Can an invader sneak up on you and snipe your ass into a coma from the bushes?
Glad someone is standing up for Dark Souls 2 Still my favourite Souls game to revisit
I hate the invasion change. Ugh.
The way you summon mount/ dismount reminds me of Darksiders 2
7:54 poor bird just chilling and a horseriding maniac slaps him to death smh
How did the ps5 haptics and adaptive triggers feel in elden ring. I loved them in demon souls and I’m hoping they did the same or more.
I know you were nerding off about this game but just tell me one thing... WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL US THE CRAPS ARE BACK. OH GOD THE CRAPS ARE BACK, RUN FOR YOUR LIFES MEN!
Thats no merchant, thats Santa.
I'm confused, I thought you could only get one invader at a time but at parts you were fighting two reds.
I like to go into Souls games totally blind to really capture all the magic, but I came to give a like and cheers.  You are the one and only Souls Grader, glad you got to review Elden Ring Early!
I'm just so happy that the twinblades from dark souls 2 are back!
Bloodborne was hands-down my favorite From Soft game.
4:45 did the rock block part of the flames?
I only watched like 2 mins of the vid bc i'm just going to wing it and wack off when i get it
Dark Souls 2 is pretty bad.
This game looks phenomenal, the culmination of everything fromsoft have learnt since demons souls. SO excited to play
Fromsoft with an actual budget be looking mighty fucking fine
"How to break Elden Ring" by ymfah  Ahh when will that time comes...
thinking HD420684833737XD graphics make a game… Been playing too much cod bruv, a game that looks the same every year despite its graphical “enhances”.
3:41 I think i know the reason  Demon's Souls Remake But what they didn't know is DeSR wasn't made by FromSoft
man, i hope this runs on my pc, dont want to miss out on this
Most of my experiences with Open world games are very poor, with the world beeing open for teh sake of beeing open, so im glad to hear that this is different!  Also, is it possible to play it wihtout any prior knowledge, lorewise, about Darksouls? i dont think i will be able to get through all the souls games before release, even though its still a bit until it comes out.
Got into the open beta, cannot wait for the full release we're gonna make sure this game has a live a vibrant online comunity.
Cant wait for top elden ring like games videos :)
0:13 CRAB RAVE
Love Dark Souls and From Soft games, but honestly, I have no sympathy for invaders, too many people use invading as a way to grief players, spamming invasions an basically harassing people who are just trying to play through the game.I understand invasions are a part of the game to a point, but when the same person invades you for the 4th time in an area it really gets annoying, and then there are the hacker, those who invade with hacks on and are unable to be killed, have unlimited stamina, FP, and Items, or can cast 12 spells with 1 cast at teh same time, or strait up cause your player character to be stun locked by and unseen attack that prevents you from being able to do anything but log out of the game. This kind of stuff still happens in dark souls 3 and will most likely happen in elden ring, I know there are mods like Blue Sentinel to help mitigate cheaters but even that doesn't work 100% of the time, invasions in an area should be opt in and opt out, or at least time limited, in DS3 an invader has no time limit, so they can hide behind mobs all day, mean while your only counter to them doing that is 3  consumable items them lasts 30second each, and even if you do manage to use the seeds to kill an invader, they just re invade at no cost, and now you have 1 less seed to use, this is not a balanced system. Up the reward for successful invasions but give the players who are being invaded that advantages, invaders get 10 min maybe 20 in Elden ring since large area, players have a reusable item that has a small cooldown that makes invaders target able by NPC mobs for 1 min, and they can't connect to the same player for 30 min on success or failure. None of these things are game breaking, its a way of balancing the invasions, without a time limit an invader can just sit back and wait till the can get that once lucky bow shot while you are dealing with other mobs all day long, a time limit forces them to be aggressive and since they are invading you, I feel like that should be their prerogative. 30 seconds on a limited use item is absurd, at 40 stamina in DS3 you can practically dodge roll for 30 seconds strait, so this is the bare minimum of threat to an invader unless they are invading AFK and spawn next to a large number of enemies, or in areas with larger threats like the ghost archers in the ringed city. So a reusable item, with a cooldown so they can't spam it, and a longer effect so NPC mobs are more of a threat. The 30 min lock out between invasions to the same person is as I said to prevent people from harassing the same person or group of people over and over, in Dark Souls 3 I have been invaded by the same person in the same area and new areas multiple times, I think the most was 8 times in one zone, this just gets irritating and feel like a bit of harassment, there are plenty of people playing, you shouldn't only be dealing one 1 person or group for hours on end.
YEAH! POWER STANCING! But now I wanna know if there's a katana, since most fromsoft games seem to have katanas of some sort
My Excitement levels is immeasurable.
"dark souls 1 poise is back..." does that mean we are going to have a new version of giant dad?
Is there a Murakumo? ... ahem ... IS . THERE . A . MURAKUMO?
I don't know, I think the game looks good but I don't like how many models, animations, and ideas are reused
I wonder if there are horse plunging attacks
your and I are not the same LOL
Can you sit on a site of grace together with your buddy? Or is that locked in Co-op?
hearing "power stancing is back" made me fucking scream. i love that mechanic so much and it will be so nice to have a game where i can use power stancing without needing to eventually go through iron keep (fuck iron keep)
Great adjustment to mergining the perks of strength and vitality, no more having the strength to weird an ultra great sword but completely inept towards wearing armor of the same magnitude. Sure you could argue that realistically your overall strength should be equally distributed between all the equipment you're shouldering but it's a dam video game so SHUSH. You want realism in weight distribution? Go waste your time on death stranding.
Game looks so good it turns me on
Ah yes open world... looking at you, AC Odyssey.   After the tutorial island (which took me weeks due to getting sidetracked by literally everything), i just got kinda tired of it. I cleared all the camps whether they were friend or foe, participated in the battles, and got the hell outta there. About two months after getting into the game, I started running around to kill off the myths for WEAPONS. They're rad. I wasn't even that far into the main story but it was like playing genshin. I get distracted. But after that? I wasn't really interested in the story after.   I think I reached the dlc? Don't remember tbh.   I can only hope that this game avoids the issue of boredom for the easily distracted, like me.
Suck it, Cyberpunk 2077
Oh my god. This is the kind of game u dream of but is never real, someone pinch me. This will be the pinnacle of open world arpgs, i will never enjoy another game of this genre after playing this, i am scared.
I can't wait to jump around and get into places I'm not supposed to be. Love it when games give you the ability to go wherever you want, even if there's no real incentive to.
I was really cynical at first. All my questions have been answered Iron. Thank you. This game really will have it all!!!!
No solo invades? Lol.
YES
Why did YOU get picked to play more than other ppl? You get a thumb down you donut
is there character creation
:DDDDD
only one souls like this time?
YES faith builds are still a thing THANK YOU FROMSOFT PRAISE THE SUN!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hope it will be on ps4
10:30 Somethings never change~
The game so far visually looks like a cross between a Hayao Miyazaki film and Berserk... a unique combination, one I never knew I needed.
Yeah but wheres patches
8:53 Horse?  No no no.  The way that mount is traversing rocks formations it's obviously some kind of goat.
TWINBLADES ARE BACK    SO IS HELICOPTERMAN
1 Question about PvP Is there a hp penalty? Like embered? Are you able to put your sign down non stop with hp penalty?
This (pre)review, as well as the dumpster diving series, is so good that it's a shame you don't review games in general. Top fucking quality.
Behold an actual game amongst the schlock. Blasphemous publishers... Money crazed fiends!
ds1 poise is back? yeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssssssss finally! is there still some kind of hyperarmour aswell? or just poise? also i feel it's alot better in this game as without confirmed hitstun combos you can't just r1 spam in this games equivelent of full havels with a gold tracer like in ds1 haha.
Extremely useful video, much appreciated ✌🏻
Always lowers my interest in these games when they let influencers do things like this. Makes day-1 feel much less special.
Youre completely backwards, the early game tutorial damage is an exact indicator of how much fall damage to expect later.
Thank you for knowing what Dragon's Dogma is.
Would completely watch but want to see it for myself
Elden's Ring is to Dark Souls as Dark Souls is to Kingsfield.
can't wait for elden ring prepare to cry
On backstabs- people swivel backstab all the time in 3, so I'm assumming it'll be the exact same in ER with people unlocking the cam, going 1 inch behind you and swerving 180, then the backstab happens immediately. Now pair that with ds1 passive poise and we're literally back to ds1 pvp. Shit's gonna be toxic.
Ive never been a fan of the PVP stuff in from soft games, beacuse Im not good enough to be competitive. Was always super annoying to be trying to just get through an area I was struggling with, only to have some dude walk up and fuck up all my progress. REALLY happy with the optional PvP change.
I think the fall damage on the drop at the start of the game is actually a useful teaching experience. In an open world game, knowing your limits of movement is always useful
Yes but it look like PS2 graphics 🥴🥴🥴       It’s a joke
You jump up rocks because you think you'll find a secret I jump up rocks because its funny We are not the same
I believe invasion shouldn't have been a thing and only summon pvp should've been a thing and invader should not have any single chance, i want to enjoy the game with my friend in coop without worrying about garbage pvp
I believe that Arcane might be related to a completely different magic outside of sorceries or miracles. Something like pyromancy or dark sorceries but with its own dedicated stat.
Bruh, there is penguin????? that is a must buy for me
you’ve all heard of Fashion Souls, now get ready for Fashion Ring
I low key kinda like how invaders can just peace out in a bad situation, evens the playing field now that hosts always have help
Only thing missing now is Romance options with Melina and this will be a perfect game
Poison swamp where?
this game has no identity, just a copy paste from others games. but this was the best video i have seen
My first quest will be to acquire that snake friend shield.
The weapons infusion blew my fricken brains off. Back in DS3, where weapon infusion depends on elemental damage. But Elden Ring is in a whole another level. LIKE WTF FROMSOFT
I ignored basically all gameplay reveal because I wanted to wait until I got my hands on the game to play it for the first time but I couldn't hold myself back and by god I promised myself not to get hyped after countless disappointments but Jesus Christ this game already looks perfect and it is still months from release. This is reinforces my ideal that FromSoftware is the last game studio that can do no wrong.
DS1 POISE! FUCK YEAH! God I missed that.
I appreciate that horse guy is just Havel. Big moves, big moments
Not to distract from you as I love your content. But assuming that was the real Oroboro in your footage, I'm glad he was able to get on the network test. I know how hyped he was to get his hands on some soulsborne content again.
Thats kind of a bummer you can't be invaded. To me that was always apart of the experience especially in areas or the world controlled by a covenant. I like that you can use an item to change that tho. Is it 2 to 4 players? I feel like a world this big it should be 4 to 6
First experienced a fight club during a random invasion in DS3, been hooked ever since.  I'm so excited.
I MUST NOT WATCH THIS.
Limit breaker will have to make a faith build now
Just from what I've seen I'd say this is closer to the world of Berserk more than any of their other games. I wonder if Miyazaki will have an Easter egg
Beeg dark souls baby
CAN ALL PLAYER PICK UP ITEMS OR DO WE NEED TO DO EACH AREA TWICE??!
I agree, Infinite stamina while exploring should be a must by now. I wish Genshin would do the same...
Nobody:  *Elden Ring vs BOTW 2*
Ah man... RIP no damage run :(
Sad there's no ledge grabbing or boss mounting Dragon's Dogma style. I know implementing this sort of thing is a huge undertaking and can't be added in as an afterthought, but I'm still sad it's not a feature. Platforming with strict "you're on it/you're off it" rules doesn't feel natural, and I wouldn't be surprised if the platforming is a big source of contention.  Never been a fan of the ankle poking until the health bar goes to zero either. I would like to see hard to reach critical weak points instead just hit them anywhere. Back to Dragon's Dogma, you can beat the shit out of a enemy's ankle to eventually topple them and easily hit a weak spot. You won't do much damage hitting their ankles but it has a purpose still, if you're unable to climb up to the weak point.  I guess I just want Dragon's Dogma 2 with Dark Souls art design.
Boy
I've never played a souls style game, but this will definitely be my first. The level of thought put in all those little QoL features and game design shows a clear high level of care and respect for the player and their time really is what is selling it for me, and while it might not have the highest quality textures in the business, you're absolutely right that it doesn't need it and it's still beautiful
Very nice. I'm really looking forward to the game.
Sounds like it's going to be really fun!^^
14:52 So what is this blood damage? Is it a miracle, a sorcery?
holy shit you can jump
The dragons dogma callout, old but not forgotten
Only thing I wish they added was Deflection from Sekiro.
Dakr Souls 4 (GTA 5 mod)
Idk if anyone will know the answer to this question.   I was banned in Dark Souls 3 on PC steam, does anyone know how Bandai’s bans work. Does it mean my account will still be banned when I play elden ring?
6:10 Santa?
I wonder how long it will be before someone finds the Moonlight Greatsword
They fixed classic R1 spam, and I don't know how to feel about that. It's an objectively good change, as it encourages variety in combat. Yet there's something about the charm of recklessly hacking and slashing out of panic, swinging only until you can't anymore, and inducing the same panic on others.
While I love the Ashes of War as a system to slap specific weapon arts onto different weapons I am not sure if I am okay withe infusion part tied to that as well. I would not necessarily want to overwrite a cool weapon art just because I am infusing the weapon with an element that scales well with my attributes
Running back to the boss trying to not get hit after failing an attempt is literally the worst part of any Souls game. Glad they’re making that better.
im sure Iron got this primal urge of climbing anywhere from halo CE :)
I have so many questions... but most importantly have you seen covenants? I am kinda curious if is gonna be some Mound-Maker style or some other weird stuff. And especially, do we have the sun bros?!?!
I’ve not been more excited for a game in a long time I legit can’t wait
I'm definitely taking a minimum of 3 days off of work for this release hahaha
The merchant looks like depressed Santa Claus          Overall very neat video
Is it still 4 player co op?
youre one of the few critics/reviewers/whatever ive encountered in whom i can trust to give a solid impression of a game; you get excited about a lot of the weird minutia in games that keeps me interested in them. im super excited that youre one of the ones that the publishers let in on this test; normally i dont like looking too much into games before theyre release-ready because i dont want to get my hopes up about something that may or may not make it into the final release, or may be subtly or radically different, but ye, i trust your input, i love the content, and i cant wait for more, man. thanks!
BIG CHUNGUS APROVES
It looks so beautiful 😍❤️😍❤️😍❤️😍
Not sure what kind of graphics they wanted, games basically reached the point where doubling or tripling the polygon count wouldn't even make much of a difference.
Finally dark souls II II
I hope they change the hud design. The Demon’s Soul’s hud also looks like that, and I personally think it looks too bright and colorful and doesn’t match the tone of the game at all, as well as feeling a bit too simplistic. The ds3 and bloodborne huds look simple, yet have a bit more personality to how they’re designed, and I currently think Edlen Ring lacks that. Hopefully they redesign the hid before the game launches, but even if they don’t its not a huge deal since the game looks gorgeous enough already.
Thank you so much for this review. It's really helpful to hear not just bad or good, but WHY. And with details.      .... big details, for every nerd for SoulsSekirBornRing...?wha.. try combo it, lol.
Uninterrupted voop with friends sounds so freaking nice
Oh man... I wanna watch the whole thing but I feel like it might spoil some of the game :O
Will pvp still have roll spamming?
Is there a crossplay on consoles and pc???
When this game comes out i will never need another game
Time for Rolling Goat.
Do bows actually do good damage though?   Other than that I’m excited
8:50 its not a fromsoft game without a poison area
I am so happy powerstancing is back. It was so much fun, and it looks even better here. The addition of unique attack strings, different running attacks, and everything else is going to add so much.
I'm glad that the parrying is instantaneous in this one instead of the wind up in DS3 which made parrying so difficult.
people complained about the animations being reused and noticeable but i barely even recognized the animations because they are so good
2:10 Jump Button?  *Best Souls Game, 9,001/10*
What about swimming? Do you know if we can swim like in Sekiro?
19:57 ゴゴゴゴゴゴゴ   ゴゴゴゴゴゴ            ゴゴゴゴゴゴゴ
From what you've seen does the lore seems to depart a lof from DS in general ?
I love list like rundown of this video, just give me the info.
Do you have any info on what factions/guilds will be like?  Same as previous entries?  Any differences?
The tree sentinels gives me Lynel PTSD flashbacks
Best Elden Ring video I've seen so far, awesome intro and very informative, great work!
I will Never play online in elden ring...i can feel the super try hards no life will not level up so they can invade the low levels with higher spell or higher weapon...i will only play pvp until i become lvl 50 :)
i'll buy it if poise is back, if not then I'll just keep playing DS1 and DS2.
this game is so amazing i cant get over it
I wish this was a Christmas release but I will wait .
Omg u played with Suzi from spherehunter!! I love her sm thats so cool.
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i cannot wait
I just wish we could have 4 player co-op. Can't believe it's not a thing for this
This is the only game I’ve been excited for since BOTW
Well shit so all the nice balancing improvements to poise and having adding true combos and staggering is gone? Oh boy, with that and the 4 player limit + the obstacles to how one can get invaded this game won’t last too long. Definitely not looking forward to the game as much anymore. Plus gameplay’s looking more clunky like Demons Souls Remake, it seems to lack the smoothness of Dark Souls 3 attack animations.
Good job you are trending now
I like the new stat system so far. Especially tying weight encumbrance to Strength.
I'm hoping for a chalice dungeon experience. Please make that happen Fromsoft. Also make it smooth on PS4
oh god, why am i doing this now, why am i watching videos like this now even though they reveal so much. actually i should go to a cave for 3 months without internet ... but i'm too weak 😭😭😭
11:11 this is Zelda BOTW main problem
GOTY 2022. Sorry God Of War and Horizon.
Holy shit dude. You should for work for Fromsofts ad team, you just sold the game to mean and made me think its going to be GOTY/GOTD.
I’ve seen enough, this is the greatest game of all time.
Man your review is far the best review of all the Elden Ring reviews :)
I can already tell it's going to take a few playthroughs for me to actually learn the map and the majority of everything in it
Omg I can’t wait. Gonna platinum this game and then have so much fun with all the different pvp builds I love it!!
Power stance is back baby!
3:50 Weak excuse. Just because a developer's past games have been good down to even poor doesn't excuse them from criticism, this is dumb. Elden Ring does NOT look good, it has nice aspects to it's visuals but on the whole they're very much PS4 era and some PS3 games even look better.
I like that you can finally get a killing blow on an enemy that is laying on the ground especially one that you hit with a sleep arrow.
Giant dad makes his return!! Yay poise!!
8h of content? how does that compare to ds3?
It looks like dark souls 3 witcher edition.
OMG power stance and Grand lance!! I hope i can find catarina armor set now and its HEAVEN! I fill find the Onion ring!
About the coop bit, do you get kick out every time you beat a boss or you can stay in the host world?
This game looks amazing! Here's to hoping the final product holds up!
I was going to hold off on pre-ordering for the sake of holding off, but I only got halfway through this video before I immediately pre-ordered. These three months are going to be a long three months.
I literally didnt know what elden ring was until this video. And now im hooked.
Ok. Dual wielding and power stances. I'm in! ... In a few years when this game will cost under $10 on a Stram sale.
Poise bois are back baby
One thing I haven't seen anyone clarify. Can you use the AI summons while you are in co-op/invasion if you are near a monument?
Omg....Just omg...no more words need ,but 14:58 is this jojo reference ? 19:55
Do you happen to know what the limit of players in a game is? like with and without the dried finger thingy? is it still 6?
Can I be a filthy subhuman mage prick? Yes then I'm sold.
I CAN BECOME A SUMMONER IN DARK SOULS NOW!!!!! I CAN BASICALLY BE FINAL FANTASY X YUNA IF I HAVE A GOOD SUMMON!!!
Guts sword somewhere?
PvP better with higher damage weapons? So Gaintdad confirmed.
Holy Efffff
Stealth bow builds are going to be a thing
So would you say that faith, in general, is more viable than intelligence-based spells throughout the demo? I also am wondering if this would be true for the game as a whole.
Bro powerstance isback finally i wanna cry fromsoft rules
Wow. With everything I'm seeing and hearing about Elden Ring, seems like it's pretty much the game I've always wanted. Man, the wait for February is going to be brutal.
I can't even handle the anticipation.
As someone who deeply enjoys parrying in games but only enjoyed the Sekiro parrying system as opposed to the more inconsistent and unforgiving system in Souls games, I won't lie, I'm a bit scared because it looks exactly the same as in the Souls games. Maybe I'm wrong and it's a bit better? What do you think?
that a mountain goarse (goat + horse)
i don't like when people develop metas. It makes the whole pvp thing less inviting to me.
When I first saw this I thought it was gonna be another disappointment like “a new world” and I even saw it on sale and passed it up. Having seen this video I’m kicking myself. I’m 100% getting this game.
cant wait for ymfah to do a run without meeting Melina
Thanks for the invite to play, fromsoft... :(
I find it weird people play these games for PvP only when imo its easily the worst part of any souls game. I mean you're trying to explore the world and some naked dude comes in a fucks with you with nothing but cheap tactics. I just don't get the appeal. I'm glad I can't be invaded in this game unless I WANT TO instead of it being forced upon me.
But isn't the comsumable item to enable online the same as humanity or embers basically? even if it doesn't do anything else
9:00 speedrunners: WRITE THAT DOWN
8:30 now I’m interested in non-lethal walkthrough like in Dishonored series
Can you play single player offline or is it an online only game?
I can already tell there'll be tons of people complaining this game is "too easy"...
It has been so long that I've actually been genuinely as excited as I am for a new game. After your glowing review, which is really an opinion I trust in terms of souls like games, I'm just that much more excited. I can't wait for this game.
So.Goty 2022. Gitgud ed ofc.
8 hours of content? lol Are you joking? How is that solid... Bloodeborne took me 40-50 hours to finish.
Great video and the game looks epic 👌
i think the horse is actually secretly a goat
I find it weird how you defend DS2 considering this game seems to be doing properly just about everything DS2 failed at. There's tons of legitimate DS2 criticism online, I won't repeat it here. But powerstancing is definitely a cool idea and I like that it's reintroduced.
JUST WOW.
Can’t wait to have to say: “DemonsDarkSoulsBorneEkiroRing Series” when I refer to a Fromsoft game
the exiles back again 👍 👍 👍
You had me thinking that the game was out
Didnt k ow about this game , its ps5 ?
PRAISE THE POISE!
as if you'd give bad review after they invited you lol
Am I the only one who thought that merchant in the church looked like Santa Claus xD
CRAB
I’m just glad we can do something similar to a sekiro parry with the two-handed sword, I was worried we’d go back to dark souls 3 only being able to parry with the katana
As someone who has never really been into myazakis games. I might give this a try. I got stuck at vicar amelia in bloodborne
So in coop does ur summoned friend get insta sent back if either of you die? And do they go away after you beat a boss/clear a dungeon?
excited to see a Spirit only run if its going to be possible
They seriously made another game about killing giant crabs what?
Thank you for this video. Seriously thank you very much.
Giant dad will return
0:14 Those fucking crabs...
Doing coop with a friend alter your own world too?! Or you need to help a friend then go back to yours and do it all over again!?
Invasions only available if the host summons someone? Invaders always at a disadvantage?
From what I gathered from tthis video: 1- It seems a paladin build can be really good in this game, right? 2- Some of the strongest magic out of any fromsoft game? So... ultra-easy mode? 3- Most times you invade someone they will be playing co-op, so there will be a lot of 2(or more)vs1, combined with power stance and poise, doesn't it sound toxic AF? Please someone tell me how wrong I am with this last one.
whats the song at the very begining?
The phantom bloody fingers can be balanced by being disabled when you are in close proximity to the host so you can't escape.
MY EYES ARE GLUED TO THIS VIDEO RIGHT NOW.
When you're playing co op, does your summoned friend also get credit for story and quests? Could you possibly play the whole game with 2 friends?
Ok but fist weapons, where?
My hype level is through the roof
The Power Stance weapons looked so smooth I'm so happy that it's back! Great detailed explanations in this video thank you!
So, no damage runs are impossible? That’s pretty disappointing.
Dragon Dogma *gasp
Powerstancing being back; unf~
I was sold on this game before but hearing your breakdown is absolutely selling this game twice as hard for me. Powerstancing is the HYPEST shit
This is going to be the skyrim of dark souls
Love the epic crab montage at 0:13 really shows it's a fromsoft game
As for extra encounters at night, a large knight in black armour guards a certain bridge, he only appears at night. Apparently he's a fairly tough mini-boss.
We had closed room... before open world.
7:55 What did that poor bird ever do to deserve that? ;_;  P.S great video and already in love with the game lol.
I still want a DS2 esc forest level. That opening is lovely.
I'm extremely excited
I am so sad I can't go on my horse and ride around with the boys on co-op :(
Is the riding mandatory in any areas or can you go through the game on foot only?
Who else is excited that there's crabs in this game
The fact the people who played 30-70 hours of the game and loved it is a wonderful sign. Seems like it has a lot of good things for both old and new players. New players can't kill the main bosses? Cool there are a bunch of easier bosses and enemy encounters for you to explore and enjoy. PvP and co-op seem really fun. Gonna have a lot of fun teaching my cousins how to play these games lol
lol your co-op partner was ShpereHunterSuzi i have her vid qued to play next
really curious what the viability of an all bow build might be; if the arrows are plentiful enough with crating added. seems like it fires much faster in this game and there are magic attacks that correspond to bows. really want to play as a hunter bowman for my first play through; maybe summon a wolf companion like a ranger.
huh so they actually made shield usefull other than parrying? also great too see open world after ds3 corridor approach. god dual wielding looks amazingly fun
when the words "OOOH ELDEN RING" were uttered in the trailer..they really meant it!
Tailcuts, especially from that boss. Gonna need'em.
So.... Windows 7. Does it work with this?
This is the first time in like 2 years that I have been truly excited for a new game to come out, times are hard...
Will there be a covenant system or something similar? One of my favorite things in DS3 was being a Watchdog of Farron or Aldrich Faithful and get randomly summoned into a world to fight the invader, many times with plenty of other people fighting the host. The chaos and amount of fun I had from those moments were some of the best moments I've had in a Souls game.
im conflicted because i want to discover most of these things by myself but also i am a simp for fromsoft so idk if i can control myself.
that kick that takes down your shield even on a FULL stamina bar is sooo cheesy While i dont play DS games (While i want to) it just seems like having it is pointless for people trying to preserve themselves, just unfair imo Maybe it could just be a stagger, not a full shield down animation at full stamina, and maybe the shield goes down if you're less than half your stamina Otherwise a stamina build with a shield/block is completely pointless just by a kick
Omg, now i'm really hyped 😄
This looks so good I feel like I'm going to die from hype. I'm especially excited for mounted combat and all the cool new weapon arts!
Literally Elden Ring is what I always wanted a souls game to be! Bless you FromSoft and Miyazaki
From soft legit just inserted a character to bully those without girlfriends ggz  Real talk though From Software about the set the standard for what to expect from an open world game.
Elden Crabs: Return of the Crab
What about the poise??? DS1-like or DS3-like?
am i the only one who does not like the ash of war stuff too much?
3 halves of people like, dislike, and are unaware of ds1 poise
"Power stance is back"  Instant happy tears
You know I'm going to name my character Gyoubu, I mean the horse conbat and the fluidity of that is so well done from what I can see.
This is a better explanation then I’ve been seeing around yt
The hype is real
To access online, do you need to use something similar to like an ember from ds3? Do you also lose a portion of your hp whenever you die like demon souls?
So basically, it's the Dark Souls of the Dark Souls series but almost no downsides...yet  All my issues thus far seem to be resolved. Now I'm just hyped to play it.
Would this be a good first Souls experience for someone? I tried Bloodbourne and DS3, but the stigma around them gave me overwhelming anxiety about them that I didn’t play past the first boss of each game
Imagine rating a game based on graphics and not based on gameplay story and content
The game looks super polished already even though the full release is 3 months out. Meanwhile some of my Battlefield brothers are arguing that the bugs from the BF 2042 beta isn't a sign that the game is being rushed and is an incomplete game.
In guessing the reason why we can’t invade people unless the have coop is also because invader don’t deserve fairness. As we go in to their world to disrupt the flow of the game and if They are summoning help they must already be struggling. With the release of dark souls 3 I just accept that invader are meant to drain the resources of the coop and to be an obstacle for the coop to overcome like any enemy rather than as a honorable fight.
Well, Dark Souls 3 part 2 would have been ok to me, I am at NG+3 and I could grind another dlc with please ^^
You talk too fast. Chill.
Sees Giant Crab within first couple seconds "OK, it's good then"
This shit is absolutely bonkers.
they got the best thing of ds2 on this i'm so fucking hyped
God why do I feel like I want to cry... I just love everything I'm seeing so much  I really can't wait for this to release
So do we lose our runes when we die?
im so glad to hear "the game is good" part of intro but i have to force myself to not watch this one vod, to avoid  any spoilers at all (bosses,locations, weapons etc) sry mr Pineapple(
"Which is the wrong opinion, btw." Thank you for speaking truth.
I haven't seen any gameplay where someone enter the water, so is safe to assume that the underwater combat from sekiro isnt in ER?
Cool Souls-like game. I'll give it a try!
It's gonna take more than one game to get me to trust FromSoftware with jumping 😂😂
This looks amazing: :)
*that was a absolutely beautiful video* *when is the fill release* m
After watching this,  I think I'm a little more willing to believe that Elden Ring actually exists
Anyone know if the real bosses in the game are going to be repeatable?  Or can you just farm the mini-bosses etc. and the storyline bosses are gone after you kill them, like in other souls games?  Also, is there any info on From Software's site, on what percentage of the open-world you were able to see during the network test?  Great video btw, so hyped for the game already!
So happy about this description and happy they took all of the good things from their games. Let’s be honest DS2 was their worst game but that doesn’t mean it was bad by any means. The only thing that worried about Elden ring is hp of the bosses/enemies or you could say i feel they could be easily killed or too slow. Hope this isn’t the case in full game.
Just one question Do enemy attacks ignore barriers?
Elden Ring is chocking up to be the infinity gauntlet of the souls games lmao
This has a good chance of becoming my favorite game.
Is the healing item like the estus where it replanishes it is it like blood vials where you have to buy or farm them?
so just to be clear, the network test wasnt the whole game. right? it hasnt been fully released with the test?
Very high quality informative video with a detailed explanation of all the systems, both the differences and the similarities that the game has with respect to the previous titles and their improvements, showing a combat system with an extremely varied and deep potential, in addition to the great potential that the open world has and how it is implemented and related to all systems, other videos of impressions of elden ring remain very on the surface of all this summarizing everything in dark souls 4, without a doubt after watching this video I can say that elden ring has exceeded all my expectations by far, I hope that the day of the network test arrives really thank you very much for the video
Everyone saying this is "Elder Souls" or "Breath of the Souls" is wrong. This is *clearly* Dark Souls V: The Phantom Pain. These are gonna be the killedest guys you've ever seen.
15:57 that's the greatest thing I've ever seen in my life
BLOOD MAGIC!!
I hated when DS3 got rid of both Power Stancing from DS2 and the 4 hit animation variety from Bloodborne. I am so happy they’re back
Hope there's more than just a horse to travel with. Would be cool to see gliding dragons or something
This is just getting better and better
POWER STAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANCE
this game looks fucking insane
Today everything is money so this game is more easy from the previous to bring more players to play it's not only for hard-core souls players
An important question: have crossbows been nerfed?
6:15 SAAANTAAA
UI reminds me of the demons soulless remake which is sad, overworld looks very cool, the lighting reminds me of dark souls 2 which is not good, and enemies seem to die very quickly. Still staying cautiously optimistic though
The colour pallet looks pretty flat compared with BB or DeS remake. Both those games have really dark and rich colours that make the world's feel larger than they really are. This open world feels smaller than it is visually because of that flatter pallet. That's my only criticism so far.
its kinda sad that AAA companies so often can't deliver finished games on release to the point where i just expect it now, but i'm very happy to see that elden ring looks like its going to be a finished product and deliver on its promises
#poisebois
POWERSTANCE YEAAAAAAH
Looks great, though I can see why they need a bit more time on the game. Check out the AI on that wolf at 3:22. It's not going nuts. Clearly something is wrong.
Dks 1 poise is back? Ok people now we have game of the year
Best video of the lot.
I've watched a bunch of these but no other creator made me as excited with Elden Ring as you just did. This is an amazing video and it showcases how hype this game can be like no other. Thanks for the work, man!
Dude i miss fight clubs so bad
Omgs thank you for this  Also, thank you for already letting me know how to cheese the 1st boss
Dragon Dogma 2?
The description is misleading. You can NEVER play a FromSoft game for too long.
I felt so much euphoria looking at the intro and saying "IT'S JUST DARK SOULS :D!!!!"
dude seeing oroboro and peeve appear qnq made my heart jump dude.  Just needed sunlightblade too for the triage.  Dude MY BODY NEEDS THIS QNQ
> poise confirmed > HE'S BACK
Can't wait to see ymfah's elden ring pacifist run
Yo pineapple do you feel the guard point counters are a lil op or is it pretty balanced?
people still complain about weapon animation
Snake shield is from Shield Hero manga.
This game looks like a game I would love to be good at but won't put in the time required.
I'm so excited to be a holy man again, thank you From
Great video
16:26 YO LOOK AT THEM CLOUDS THAT LOOKS AMAZING
I've never really been a big fromsoft player, but this one seems pretty damn cool
I mean the real question with the pvp is...... Will it Giantdad? 🤔
Well my body is ready. Finally this game is getting closer to coming out
You know, I struggle picking favourites of anything because a lot of the time, what I enjoy the most depends on what I'm wanting in the moment. There's different games/music/films/whatever for different moods. But loving FromSoft games as much as I do, and seeing that this one is shaping up to be a culmination of everything before it, I can imagine myself in a few months time calling Elden Ring my favourite video game ever - if it delivers what it feels like it's going to.
I swear, I was getting constant goosebumps while watching this. Not being accepted is rough, lol
What? It comes to the Switch? Well, thats a surprise.
Is... Is this game gonna ruin playing Dark Souls for me? It seems like they've addressed every little quality of life and mechanic issue I've had with the series so far, this seems like the definitive souls game.
Giant dad is back in elder ring
It seems from the video (at least to me) that cooperators aren’t yellow blobs anymore too, and you can see their armor in color, which is great for fashion souls as well
The horse can double jump!? Skyrim horses finally have a truly worthy foe.
Wow who's this that noob getting parried a ton of times. Jeez. So bad.  😤
Again how? How did every YouTube personality get a code. But none else got one. Boo boycotting
Ehh why would they add host location to compass.. So much fun removed with that, I hate it lol.  Other than that looks pretty good.
It looks easy AF.!!! WTF FROM.?!?
Damnit now I HAVE to find a ps5
Hope my pc can handle it but it looks amazing
I don't know who is complaining about the graphics on this game but it looks gorgeous. I think people forget this game is coming to two different generations of consoles and not just current gen consoles. I can't wait to see what it looks like when it arrives fully done!
ymfah videos are going to be incredible, cannot wait for the release
Hope the armour system will be like darksouls where you can change to light/medium/heavy armour with various resistances for certain bosses/areas.
I was excited until we got to the Online section. So uh, seems like I won't be getting Elden Ring if my entire invasion experience is going to be fighting 1v2s. Back to DS2 I go I guess!
🐬
There was a black knight that appears only at night on the bridge in front of the carriage
BLOODY FINGER DIED
I really hope a Lingering Flame type of spell returns.  But even from a casual standpoint, this looks so fun to dive into PvP. Parries and ripostes were trickey for me but my god the customization is WILD.  -Huge open world that encourages exploration. -Visual feast -Varied enemies, big to small, grounded to flying to mounted -Crafting system -Spell and weapon skill collecting/farming which is interchangable -Overhauled compbat system -PvP is no longer forced -Archery and spell casting is no longer stationary -Mounted Combat -Actual jumping and forgiving fall damage -Forgiving waypoint/checkpoint system -Pumpkinbro build
Im fucking pissed that I believed somebody when they told me that this game wasnt gonna be as good as dark souls, because I skipped out on the preorder :( *roblox oof*
"아무데나 가서 도랑에서 죽어도 무방합니다." First NPC, lmao.
Damn all that footage looks amazing thats ps5 too right?
I can’t wait for 2042. Not the battlefield title, but the year. By then I expect there to be a MMORPG Souls like from From Software
from what you've played is there any passive healing or fp regen? like blessed and enchanted from DS3? i really liked my blessed build in DS3 and wondered if i could do something similar in Elden
That defensive move with the shield seems inspired by lance in Monster Hunter. Which I really like, franchises should inspire each other to make games even greater. Same with not losing stamina while outside combat (from MHWorld)
I know fromsoft hid a giantdad helm somewhere in this game.  They have to.
the poise system seems to be worthy of debate, mostly because the equip load stat in this game is Strength and traditionally Strength weapons have long wind ups requiring poise, so now the two concepts of Strength and Poise are more closely intertwined
Man i fucking hate invasions, i wish you could turn it off during coop too. I just want to play the damn game, not have to fight you fucking sweat lords constantly.
I'm sorry, but this just looks like Dark Souls plus Sekhiro with horse. It looks ok-ish, graphics-wise. I'm watching and feel like I've seen all these enemies before. I've seen all the armor and weapons before. I know these are new assets, but it just *feels* the same.
elden ring: *forces you to jump in the tutorial section and receive damage*  zero damage challenge runs: "the fuck"
Ничего не понял, но того что я увидел вполне достаточно
This is an instant buy. I enjoyed Sekiro a lot, and DS3 is my favorite souls game
How is the hit detection? That was the thing that kept me from really enjoying any of the other Souls games and Bloodborne. The hit boxes always felt really sloppy. If they improved that, I’ll check out Elden Ring
Good video, ty for the content.
I wonder if the moonlight sword will be in this game, and more importantly, what will it look like?
OH YEAH BABY, DS1 POISE IS BACK FUCKERS.
So much gameplay thank you metal fruit
I'm literally in tears of happiness, this looks so amazing  can't wait for a full release
How long do you believe it will take to get through the game if we go slow?
If it wasn't R$300 i would buy it ;-;
I don't know man, they should allow solo invasions in Dungeons and areas where you can't summon your horse anyway, we don't want another Bloodborne
good
I think kicks should be connected more to stamina. more less stamina you have more of a chance you get to get staggered.
Fromsoft is giving casuals way too many options to make the game easier. Seriously summonable npc spirits, player summons, op weapon arts and spells, fast travel, marked soul drops, accessable map, marked checkpoints, and the list goes on and yet game journos and casuals are still no doubt gonna cry about it being too hard.. God I wish normies would just stay the hell out of my favorite game franchises cause eventually they'll ruin them just like they do with every other game series.
When he said the Bloody finger could be used to retreat, I immediately thought of a Mauldron the Assassin scenario where you use it to escape, then ambush your target later.
The fact that Fromsoft is giving beta access this early and allowing people to post content freely is a good sign, it means they're absolutely comfortable with people freely voicing their opinions and giving their criticisms, as well as showing they're quite proud of what they've done so far
Twinblades!  Power stance!  That splintering fire-lightning volley!  Whoa Snake Shield!
Looks amazing, but it sucks that you can still spam rolls.
Another great news for me is that I dont need to upgrade my pc - i56600/1070/16gb. The praph look the same as DS 3 and Sekiro
Most people: "Wow, open world Dark Souls!" Me: HORSE DOUBLE JUMP HELL YEAH!
Informative video.
21:22 i'm the storm that is approaching !!!!!!!!!!!1111!
Ngl DS II made me dive deep into the whole franchise, each game has its quirks and faults, cant wait for Elden Ring. <3 *I can wait 3 Months...* **Sweating** *I...can....wait.....*  -Playing the whole trilogy again.-
Were BIG sword?
Ymfah 2 weeks after launch: “How to beat elden ring with only sleep arrows”
My brain, "If the running R2 is just a running attack, how are we going to jump attack?"  **processing**  "Oooooh the jump button!"
Were your starter characters boosted with levels? You have a lot of health in some of the clips and i can't tell if its your class or you're just overlevled
imma be honest, this sort of feels like what Ds2 was trying to go for, and I dig it.
The giants and some of enemy designs remind me of ds2
This game looks amazing, a lot of work behind the level design
A little spoilerey but u definitely hit on points some content creators didn't
This looks super cool, the only downsides I see are summoning friends being semi limited thing that requires items, then again embers were required in dark souls 3 so probably manageable. The other is the fact that as with all souls games I wish you could just link a playthrough to a friends making both of you able to get rewards for loot / boss kills ect. so I dont end up having to replay the game 4 times so each of my friends can get the loot. Sort of like the Nioh system in terms of lives even if getting multiple versions of the same weapons was kind of lame, a mix between the two would be perfect.
I don't know about anyone else, but I see an opportunity in the future when modding is finally figured out to have the world be an "mmo" experience with hundreds of players roaming the world. that possibility opening up what I could imagine as plenty of new interactions. Feel free to correct or add on if you feel inclined to do so :L
I remember seeing your channel forever ago since you had pineapple in your name, looks like you’ve grown massively since then lol
At this point, I'm sold on Elden Ring, especially since it isn't trying to be some over-the-top graphical masterpiece like some modern-day games.  (I still pray my 11 year old Sub-Potato PC specs can run it on the lowest graphics)
Co-op question: what happens if you summon a friend, but die in the open world? Or in a dungeon, or a boss fight? My only Souls context is Bloodborne, and it was SO tedious having to re-summon a friend, wait, and try again. Has this aspect been removed, or improved at all?
amazing
I really hope there's a Nagamaki for us to use
YEAAAH BABY POWERSTANCING
Hurry up Sony. Put out the PS6 so the PS5 can get cheap and I can get this game!
Really wish we could use our mount in coop. I also wish we had more options for online play. Like solo invasions without all the gimmicks, coop without pvp etc.
Only thing I don’t like if I’m being honest is the hud everything else looks fucking awesome, also the combat looks WAY faster than ds3 and that’s great
Now I'm curious of there's going to be situations where you can get creative with dodging such as jumping over and ducking under attacks. It was shown in the video you could duck under that sphere enemy's spin, but how far do these situations apply?
shit game, won't play.
It's an open world Dark Souls... with a jump button! Do you really need anything else?
i'm pretty excited to dive into this on release
3:41 Bloodborne was one the best looking games I played when it came out on the PS4. Still looks great to this day.
Oh god poise. Jesus Christ. It'll be broken.
Was it 60 fps locked on ps5?
"infinite stamina when not in combat" it figures that my most anticipated game also adds my most requested feature for open world games
Out of all the videos I've watched today, yours is by far the most informative and it's made me even more excited for this weekend's network test!
i can’t wait to die repeatedly because of my years of muscle memory playing the souls games
This is great, but where is patches
that poor crab
Maybe someone can help me, around 2:08 and in other parts objects seem to have this strange glowing halo around them. I notice this in my games at irregular intervals, mostly when in dark or brightly lit areas of high contrast. Is this a setting or is my monitor jank? Sometimes character models will leave an after image when I move the camera or the object moves as well and it seems to happen at similar times as the halos/glowing.
3 Questions about Co op. First is what happens when someone dies? Secondly do both players get loot and remain in the same world when a boss dies? Last question is can you directly summon the person you want to easily or is it gonna take the same amount of time to get your friend in the game as it takes to kill a boss.
16:40 Giant Crab confirmed. Excellent.
[sees your co-op friend's name]  [leo dicaprio pointing meme]
POWERSTANCING AND POISE I'M GONNA COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMM AAAAAAAAAAARRGHHHGGH
why did I watch this, now I want this game even more and I literally can’t wait
Once this game comes out, outside of working and sleeping, this game will take most of my time  and I never played Souls-like games before
man if you get knocked off your horse you are vulnerable to an OTG, thats crazy
This guy sounds like Vaati Vidya's gameplay focused little brother
This dude pretty much did the Elden Ring review several months before it's release.
Power stance and poise together, this feels like a dream.
This game had me at "Infinite Stamina out of combat," a mechanic I've wanted in every game. I try to not get caught up in hype but I think I'm on board with pretty much everything you mentioned.
How could anyone complain about the visuals, it might be the most impressive game I’ve seen in motion specifically.
Please add some kind of aim for free throwing spells
AAA has burned the community so many times that I cant escape the "too good to be true" thought. But shoo, if this doesnt look like the game to prove me wrong.
I think DS2 being my fav fromsoft game is gonna finally be dethroned with this game.
6:32 I did get nervous when I saw that elden ring will have crafting and it's open world, cause I play alot of New Bugs..uh sorry I mean New World, and all I ever do in that game is just craft, trying to level up all my crafting skills to 200
Don’t care, where’s the new pontiff?
i would really like co op mode without invasions cuz i fucking hate when i play with my brother and i need to deal with invaders every 15 minutes or so
Bless your dark soul for making this video, this covers everything I needed to see. Can't wait to climb weird rocks.
Fucking hell this looks amazing
Is the pose @ 19:58  a Jojo reference?
Dragging your Sword for damage almost makes me want a Horse Build.
I am so freakin' excited. It's really almost here, and it looks incredible.
Good job, Elden Ring looks incredible
I’m just glad this is coming out for the ps4 as well. I still haven’t been able to play demon souls. But at least I can play this. I’m so hyped. I already got my preorder in. 💪
it really is the genshin impacts of dark souls
"It just works" 19:46 - Iron Pineapple
Hey, as long as they changed in Co-Op that, when your friend summons you, that you don't disconnect from them upon dying, thus meaning you have to connect again. This alone made the Co-Op experience of Dark Souls with my friends extremely tedious and annoying. So I hope that is changed in some way, meaning that you only disconnect if you leave, or they kick you.
what does the spell at 14:51 scale with? the blood looking one
I don't want to be spoiled so I'm not gonna be watching any more of it  but thank you for telling me it wasn't a disappointment.
the return of giant dad is here
HUMUNGOUS FATHER IS BACK
Part of me is low-key hoping there some kind of progression tracking. Not to undersell the fun of talking to other players and learning about something you missed, but I'd like to be able to know I've, if not completed, atleast seem a large majority of moments the game offers.
Thank you for not using the expression "overpowered" not even once - PVP discussion included. 👏I reckon you understand the fun factor and goofiness of FromSoftware's games. More "Player choice" is always a good thing.
*Excited squealing intensifies*
so no 1v1 invades its always 1vs2 or 1vs more sad
24:46 Butt Fuck
IP: Even if you hate tht game (DS2) which is the wrong opinion  Based Iron Pineapple?
Okay guys I need your help. I've just watched the video for a few seconds because I'm scared of spoilers. Why are there so many uploads of gameplay (even from famous youtubers) although Bandai has requested to not share it? And my second question: Does this video contain any huge spoilers, or can I watch it without seeing/hearing late game stuff? Thanks for answering!
The mount is soooo Yakul from Mononoke
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMYES
-slowly lowers sunglasses and look the game up en down- "Woah, now that is a title giving my eyes nourishment".
I just Hope sleep arrow don't work on player for pvp balancr
I think balance will be so broken hahaha Like people will find loopholes and etc....   But Elden Ring 2 will get everything right
THERE’S A JUMP BUTTON FINALLY
You invaded FightanCowboy? Thats sick.
damn I still have questions, whats the mind stat? can you summon beasts while an online buddy is with you? Also rate the potential Fashion this game provides.
Excellent video! I’m surprised by how many of the different Souls Youtubers put out unique, equally informative videos today. There’s no way y’all coordinated that, but if you did, bravo.
Im very excited even if my trust is shaken from other companies. Hope From makes this game with plenty of love and time to have what it sets out to be.
The sleep arrow is making me nervous. I like everything else.
I want so badly to play this but I don't think I got into the network test thing. It looks so good
6:15 Santa Claus?
I ain't missing out on this game I'mma get it first day and experience it with the community as i always wanted to with all the previous games I'm soo fucking hyped
im so glad they put dynasty warriors in a dark souls game
When you said infinite stamina needs to be the standard for games like this and then mentioned Dragon's Dogma I felt that lol. 😂👍  Also dual welding great swords and stuff never should have been removed from the souls games I’m happy to see it back because it’ll greatly increase build verity and give you a reason to get 2 of each weapon for playing in NG+ without it feeling like your slowly going hollow. 🙂👍
holy shit those miracles were so fucking cool
High quality video, thx man, god bless you
Dark Soulsborn Redemption 3  Update for accuracy: Darkon's Dogma Souls Redemption 3: Shadows Die Twice
2 red phantoms? So it is more than 4 players?
Your video is perfect
We can teabag bag now 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Awesome review - can't wait!!!
What kind of weapon skills can be used on shields? Anything cool like successful parries reflecting damage or stuff like that?
Legend of Elden: Breath of the Ring ❤️
Dark Souls Waifu. Thats all I need to say.
So glad they brought the twinblade back. Always thought that was one of the coolest weapon types and was so disappointed it was only in DS2.
Whoawhoawhoa this is a lot of new shit, my brain isn't ready!
Do you require consumables to summon? Eg like embers from dark souls
As someone who doesn’t like pvp I’m okay with not getting invaded
Open world and crafting. We finally have a Dragon"s Dogma sequel!  Also double jumping. And day night cycle. Capcom lost the race. Now we have an ideal arpg.  10:31 "Wolves hunt in packs!"
TWINBLADES ARE BACK LESS GO
I really like the invasion differences.
That snake shield reminds me of shield hero.   Also wow I don’t think ive ever been so genuinely excited for a game.
I will be playing this game and just jumping on everything with the horse, and not doing a single other thing
How about one wepon in the left hand? Or 2 different wepons? Does he use the left one as a shield?
B-But.. what about TAIL WEAPONS?!?!??!?!?!??!?!?!11
I hope you dont have to hold triangle the whole time while two-handing. Instead, just holding it to go into two-handing stance and then you can let go and stay in two-hand. Then you can hold triangle again to bring your shield back out.
Thanks, your commentary was very thorough and I trust your judgment. This video definitely helped convince me to buy it when it comes out.
LOL the horse jumping!! Holy crap.
Lol sleep arrows giving me Metal Gear Solid vibes
I have a question. Will elden ring be cross platform
i know we shouldn't get ahead of ourselves, but just imagine what bloodborne 2 will be like after a step forward like this
Does fromsoft hate int magic?
I'm so sad! This game looks amazing but it comes out just after i'll be leaving for basic training for the Airforce :( Can't wait to get a chance to play it.
The maiden has shoes, what kind of dark souls game is this?
@16:05 that made me sad
I have one question when we kill the boss in co-op the second person still disappear ???
I don't even care that I have a regular PS4, I'm still preordering that shit. Even if it'll probably blow up
cant believe well over half the video had my un wavering attention and it wasnt even about the main path, it was all the stuff you could do on the side.
Sleep Arrows PvP Oh no
"Power Stancing is back baby, arguably the best feature from ds2 is back and even if you hate that game, which the wrong opinion by the way..."  Someone earned their "Like" today.
I NEED A QUICKSTEP DODGE
im not saying this game is bad  but isnt there a bit too much re used assets? if its a fun game sure whatever but what's with the amount of reused assets
I somehow haven't seen anything about Elden Ring until now except for old memes about it never releasing but this actually got me really hyped now. If my PC can handle the game, I will definitely try it. I almost wanted to stop the video to not get too many area spoilers
Is this a ps5 exclusive?
Did you find....THE MOONLIGHT BLADE?!?
To all the haters... GET REKT. Just put away your salt and submit to the new king of Souls games.
The world already looks like from a medieval tale…I’m so hyped for it
*You Fuckin Wot?*
I'm going to fucking die this looks so cool
It is so odd seeing Godrick because that used to be my gamer tag
At the merchants introduction I legit thought you pulled an editing prank on us. Totally looks like a guy in Santa Claus clothes, at first glance.
Hooly shit yes
I'm alittle confused on two handing do you have to hold triangle the whole time you want to two hand or is it still toggled
"Oh no, this game that is going to be released for the ps4 is not looking as good as a ps5 exclusive!!!" Some people are just unbelievable.  Looking forward to dual wielding.
Welp... Time to get my wallet out again.
My boy just said “half of you” three times in a sentence lol 😅
Eeeh you seemed to have misunderstood the falling part in the beginning of the video, that in and of itself is a tutorial on fall damage! Any new player would need to learn and understand how far you can go in terms of traversing the world, therefore its good design!
awsome one bro now you can stop dumpster diving on steam xD
Imo the invader teleportation item working in combat is a _god awful_ idea, especially for having 10 of them. How long can a single pvp encounter take when you have to fight an invader up to 11 times. That item needs to be disabled during combat
i already know 90% of my deaths will be from getting knocked off the pony
So, is the host's direction always visible to the invaders, or can it be hidden with things like the old chameleon spells or other effects in that vein? Wouldn't surprise me if things like that weren't in the network test, but I'm curious.
Sweet mother Mary! I’m to excited for this game, AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
Good job sir. Hope you make new soon
DOES POISE WORK?
So you can use jumping attacks when fighting invaders?!?
Yo, I've got a question though. Are movesets in the left hand full aside from powerstancing or are they gonna make me block with a whip again like in ds3
Bro can you swim in the game ?
This game world feels so much more like Berserk than I ever thought it would and I fucking love it 😍
Dark Souls 3 completely killed my enthusiasm for the Souls series, but now I see that there's twinblades in this game... Elden Ring not so bad I guess!
Can steam pre-order possibly grant me access to this game eariler?
The Elden Ring is slowly growing on me, thanks to your video.
22:07 "Now I know half of you are excited, half of you are panicking and half of you have no clue what I just said" That math checks out because I'm all three!
Thy should definately have added horse combat for PvP
Hey, Mr. Pineapple. May I come over to your house?
POISE BOYS ARE BACK
Maybe I'm remembering incorrectly but I'm pretty sure Bloodborne has a jump button as well.  Edit: plot twist, I recalled incorrectly.
Idk why but seeing it in this format is jus… disappointing. The gameplay we saw jus a while ago made everything look newer and less familiar. But the UI is the same. Animations look the same. The combat doesn’t feel fluid as it dead in the gameplay video we just had. Basically just dark souls 3 with a jump button?
Talking about all the greatness and then you're like now we're getting into the good stuff lol damn lol
I wonder if blue bois are back. They completely butchered them in DS3 by making them just a summoned gank squad. DS1 had the best form of them, and DS2 they had 1 flaw that they only had cracked orbs to invade and that made it shit because of soul memory since I had to grind them instead of buying them.
What the window on the block-then-counter-attack setup?  Looked rather generous from the footage (which is good), but how likely or not is that going to be tightened up for final release (based on history of such things)?
i wish he spoke a bit faster, i feel he could have fit more in
How dare anyone dislike this video
All I’m hearing is big bonk str faith
based off around the beginning of this video alone, i can already tell great shield w any hard hitting weapon might dominate pvp early because of the counter mechanic.
6:15 I guess we found the costume everyone will RP in Christmas.
Hey IP did you murder and npcs at all I'm curious if there were any good drops before I decided if I want to murder hobo or not
imagine shitting on a game like this because the grass doesnt look like in deaths stranding
POISE IS BAAAAAAAAAACK AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
21:25 hold the phone is that a summoned swords spell I detect? Oh fuck yeah Vergil build time
Do sleep arrows work against other players?
The more I see the more I fall in love it’s like alittle everything
This might be my first souls like game that i buy
finally we can see and confirm it is not just "Dark Souls 4"
I'm so down for a 4 man team to go full rpg mode on this. So excited.  Or just go with 4 faith builds and wreck everything with our holy might. Everyone will fear, the A-men.
So would you say this game is easier then other games they have made?
Do we know if there will be Co-Op cross progression in this game? If I summon my friend and we kill a boss together will that count for the both of us or do we then have to slay that same boss in their world again?
30 seconds in and I’m fully sold. I’ve had faith in FromSoft from the beginning, but this really looks like the best incarnation of everything I love about the souls series.
It's not dark souls 3 part 2, It's Dark Souls II 2
Best review bro
twinblades? DID SOMEONE SAY HELICOPTER MAN???
CRAB! LETS FUCKING GO THEY GOT CRABS
Man, I love your videos but I am so tempted to not watch this just out of jealousy of the fact you got to play Elden Ring early.
this one its the best review video of the DEMO curently.
Iron Pineapple, I have to know, is poise working like Dark Souls 1?  Or is it at least better than Dark Souls III’s poise?  Please tell me.
Its like they did everything evryone wanted lmao, poise? we got it. no poise backstabs? thats right. powerstancing? of course its there. Sekiro mechanics? here they are and a jump.   The one thing that will make this game perfect for me is if they fix the latency bug on rolls since it seems we have DS3 rolls, you could get longer i-frames the higer your ping, I hope they fix this, specially now that light attacks dont combo.
18:35 awesome to see some of my favorite content creators beating the shit out of eachother in a game I'm ungodly excited for
I want to watch this so bad but I don't wanna spoil anything about the game to myself :((((.  So glad you got to play early. Can't wait to join you in Feb <3
@19:55 is that a JoJo reference?
HE'S BACK
Can you use sleep arrows on players?
Most games: You are the Chosen one only you can defeat the evil in this world!  Fromsoft: go die in a ditch
Am I allowed to hype? THEN HYPE IT IS!!
When he said powerstancing is back my heart skipped multiple beats
"no long run backs" bed of chaos  flashbacks intensify
4:04  Ah yes,just your average conversation with a fromsoft npc
I am absolutely going to disappear in February once this comes out
i wanna watch this, but i also dont wanna get spoiled. decisions, decision
Haha, honse go *b o i n g*
I wonder what happens to your coop partner after you kill a boss, do they still get dessummoned?
One thing that really impresses is how fluid and smooth the animations are. The Souls games are kinda known for having slightly choppy and jarring animations, especially when it comes to ripostes and things like that, and it's quite nice to see how organic everything looks. There's no snap to perform a riposte right where the animation is supposed to go like there is in the previous games, and movement looks so fluid like it is in the Witcher 3 or RDR2 rather than the clunky 8-axis movement animations you'll see in Dark Souls. Even when it comes to combat animations and attacking everything is so refined and smooth, it's crazy!
So basically the beta is if DS 2/3 was an actual new game instead of being a standalone dlc And Coop is still shit
From MMO when?
How do you feel the difficulty of this game? I mean, is easier, harder or just in a middle level?
Nice, the only good thing from DS2 is used.
Listened to 30 seconds, saw a horrifying creature. Sounds good to me! I’ll be skipping Elden Ring content best I can for the next few months now.
the main gripe i ever had for playing dark souls were the needlesly long backtracks to a boss. nearly dropped the series from that alone
I am so exited
Btw dark souls 2 was the best souls game. No joke it was
I'm cool with poise if equpiload is tied to str
I hope they dont nerf magic n faith into the ground like faith was in ds3. But this looks great i cant wait!!!!
Are there any ramdom events or just preset events that are the same evrrytime?
How are the character creation menus?Is no one gonna mention how in Nioh 2 it was easy to have an attractive character made, meanwhile in Souls'  games the characters mostly look bad.
Before watching this video: I love dark souls, but I won't pre-order. After 10 minutes of this video: Oh my God! Shut up and take my money!
Fromsoft completely ruined other games for me. I keep expecting them to blow me the fuck away like theirs do. This will be a game changer. Open World games will have to step their game to keep up
Hope to see a faith build that is finally viable
that hitbox tho at 15:50
This game better have a "pling pling plong" in the final boss fight.
Dude…holy shit. I expected the magic to be good in this game but THOSE SPELLS WERE AMAZING??? AND THIS IS JUST THE FUCKING BETA?? Also that snake shield is the dumbest and coolest thing I’ve ever seen in my life.
19:54 is that a Jojo pose? ( ͡● ͜ʖ ͡●)
Ds1 poise is back... ... ... *THE LEGEND WILL NEVER DIE*
Ok now it's time for you to finally play Skautfold games.
What did you think of the AI? I've watched a lot of youtubers playing and none mentioned it, but looks like once you're in stealth the enemies just go dumb.
This game gonna be siiiick! I can't wait to spend the rest of my life on it. :')
sleep arrows probably break pvp
Will this be available for PC in the future?
Man I wanna watch this but I've gotta keep the spoilers out. I guess my only question is "What are the Berserk references?"
"So I'm curious how the-"  *casual Bald Eagle drive-by*  "-switch to strength is going to affect..."
Can weapon arts be used with different weapons, like the one we saw in the gameplay video where he used a bastard sword/claymore and used a blood weapon art and can you use spells with weapons like a club or are they still staff and chime specifics?  Also; Did any enemies drop their gear/weapons?
Lord as if I wasn't already hype enough.
I am so excited. I have more hours in DS 1&3 than any other games.
Open world Dark Souls? I'll wait till I see it. Breath of the Wild didn't work for me, so I just can't believe it will work with Dark Souls, there's just no way something won't be lost.
You know this game is gonna be good when they include my boy pumpkinhead
We need all 30 hours of gameplay.....
Sleep arrows will probably get nerfed for sure
Elden ring really is Dark Souls 2 unchained huh
So you're saying it's only 8 hours of content? Sounds sadly
This game looks amazing omg  , you dont have any idea how much time im gonna waist in this land
I was pretty mid on elden ring from all the news before but now seeing it in action I'm really excited and can't wait
That dragons dogma call out lol.
this honestly looks like one hell of a great game they went all out it looks and shows can't wait to play this
I'm not gonna watch any more after 'it's good'.... Excited to just play it for the first time!
The map feels like a map of a real region on the world.
The day after tomorrow I have the privilege to join the open beta testing and I'm absolutely physically itching with hype. I literally can't wait to try it out.
I don't usually comment before watching the entire video, but holy shit those crabs are straight our of dark souls with absolutely no added adjustments.
Told yall it would be BotW. Copying zelda worked out so far, so why stop now.
Thank From Soft for not making invasions a default option. I have enjoyed PvP in the Souls game, but I have NEVER EVER enjoyed invasions as they are always there at the most annoying moment before you even get a build ready and have ruined quite a lot of experiences for me to the point I just decided to never use things like Embers anymore.
Level design is still my biggest worry but your description mitigated it somewhat
literally jumping up and down with glee over the return of powerstancing.
The game looks interesting but it better have 2 things or I won't even consider buying it: character customization and be for the xbox one.
thank you very much !
Honestly I would love to see some of the bosses from dark souls series back in this game. That would be perfect
Do you have to choose between healing estus and magic estus like in DS3? Covenants?
Still hyped that this Gem drops on my birthday!
Does anyone know if we can drop items/weapons etc to other players?
“It just works”. Thought I was listening to Todd Howard
POWERSTANCING LETRSSS FFFKINNGG GOOOO it's so beautiful man... It's just so.... beautiful 🥲
hello mr. pineapple. my souls game style always devolves to "must have big sword" so how much big sword was in the beta?
love it. pre order here we go
"I will wait and watch you all play it" -This was made by potato pc gamers
The bigger question I have simply because of my friend group has diversified their way of gaming, is elden ring cross play? Or is that knowledge we don’t have yet
The Giant golden tree. Am I the only one who remembers it as the world tree from Berserk?
This game looks sooo...alive for a souls game so fresh and impressive!
I love playing through these games co op, and it seems like actually playing through the game with another friend is going to be a nightmare. I feel like progress should carry over between phantoms or something, because I’m not gonna explore something with my bud, then go do it again. I know it was like this in dark souls but for an open world it seems like alot
Everyone is clamoring over powerstancing, poise, weaponart swapping, new spells, all the badass content From developed. Meanwhile I'm fanboying over the Dio pose emote and stand powers....Elden Ring? More like next time on JoJo's Soul Adventures
Is the fat roll back then ?
As someone with severe arachnophobia, all I can ask is if there were any spiders. Really looking forward to the game, but the spiders in Bloodborne acted as a hard stop to me.
the game looks so beautiful, th only thing that didn't sit right with me was the HUD, it feels so basic without any stylish feature, i hope they update that fro release
virgin skyrim horse vs chad ER horse
11:55 “If I’m not a bush then I’m not no one”
Important question: Can I chain magic and weapon attacks together?
Dude, your video is the BEST one by far! Keep it up!
I’m so torn between watching this every day until the game comes out, or skipping it and going in completely blind.
1 HUGE thing missing. Ladders! What will we do without ladder shenanigan's?
did you happen to notice while playing is there is a possibility or an unarmed build that just doesnt rely on that kick. i can see it being useful for beginners but easy to avoid later on
ok but is there horse armor??
I know i said I'll never pre order anything again after the cyberpunk situation...buuut....
PowerStancing ? Jeah neat. BUT DoubleSabers Jeah Baby i love them :D
Im curious how the light attack combo system will work with the natural combo system of alternating light and heavy attacks...
Appreciate the experimentation and breakdown done for use guys during the playthrough 👍
who aseked
ok dude ... for the first like 13 minutes i was like "yea ok... i mean its'll alright i guess... eh..."  and then you talked about dual wielding power stance and weapons having 5-6 hit animations for basic attacks  and you blew my mind  YES !!!!
this is unlocking feelings I didn't know I still had in me, feels like being a kid and skipping school to play halo odst when it first came out. You can bet your ass I'm taking some sick days when this releases
I think the open world of Elden Ring works b/c it's not that big to begin with. You have a fair bit of space to go where the wind takes you but not too much so that it overwhelms you. The map is further enhanced by the fact that you are never too far from a new boss, dungeon, or encounter. Which makes you want to explore even more and thus the cycle repeats itself. It rewards curiosity and perception with more rewards.
Yes yes yes yes power stance is back baby
poise is back but I'm pretty sure STR is required to wear heavy armor
skyrim horse walking up a straight cliff: finaly, a worthy opponent
I hope offensive miracles don’t get gutted they usually do.  Great hammer faith builds are my fav and I’d like to actually see some miracles that don’t suck ass and require a million faith to be useful.
I'm very happy that the overworld doesn't fall into the same traps as BOTW's did. That was what I was really afraid of. Disappointed that arcane is just luck+ but I bet there will be a few arcane spells that will be neat to mess around with.
Looks amazing
This is looking way more promising than I assumed from everything I've seen thus far.
sadly no dark damage it seems
Poise is back too!!!!!!!!!!
This video makes me sooooo happy  Gonna go Bow and sneak/dex first and then a faith str build
It seems like the only restriction you'll get from Cooperation is being unable to rest at Graces and being locked within the specific Region of choice.    Now, the big question: Do comrades get banished after defeating a boss?
Can spirits only be summoned once per fight? Or can you summon as long as you have FP?
I will prepare my wallet and hope my pc can play it on low
thanks for the barrage of spoilers my favorite milquetoast soulstuber
Imagine a boss only damaged by jump attacks.  Or a nod to MGS with it's sneak mechanic.  Edit: with how you said miracles seem stronger I remembered the DS2 lighting shenanigans.
yeessiiir
NO FAIREREEEE
we back bois!
Just...3...More...Months
Do player trading exist?
That segment talking about double jumping and a primal urge got me lol
Not sure if I misunderstood or not but do phantoms still disappear after killing a boss or not? Would be a really fun experience to beat the whole game by someone by your side without any breaks. Also I'm scared that ds1 poise is back I'm too accustomed to ds3 poise but I'm sure it's gonna be a blast
1:10 a penguin? in a FromSoft game?
Can't wait for ymfah to pacifist Elden Ring
about the coop part. can the summoned friend get loot to or is it only the host like other souls games.
I cannot wait to powerstance Ultra Greatswords while mounted. This is gonna be a ride.
Most important question - does Poise work?
@22:03 YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES.  That is all I needed to hear. I am now a 29 old ass man about as excited as a 13 year old for an upcoming game.
So just Dark Souls, but prettier, and Open World? Aight, Ima head in.
This man just named dropped Dragon's Dogma
I see you and other content creators experimenting with different weapons a lot. Is there some kind of respec system in place here, or are weapon requirements just lower than usual? This all looks so incredible and I can't wait to finally get my hands on this!
backstabs in pvp what are they like darksouls 3
Dude the vendor's armor is so sick.
the lighting feels horrible :( i'm not joking/trolling  Legit original Dark Souls felt more interesting to lopk at.
Looks amazing, but unfortunately, also seems like it's super easy!
aaah yes... the game I allways knew I needed. A cummilation of all from-soft games in 1, and that being open world!  Would like some more Bloodborne inspired mechanics. (like gun-parrying, weapons that can morph, and BB inspired weapons/armor sets/enemies)
Bro if the Bloody Wolf armor is the starting set then Elden Ring is gonna turn into Elden Bling on full release
So the faith build consumed the pyromancer class, taking on all the fire spells too? Just wondering
Hummmm I don't want to spoil myself but I don't think I can resist watching this 🥴
its really wholesome that they added twitter as the first NPC
Now to Feburary seems like an eternity :(
When Elden ring comes out, I'm putting on the Berserk OST and disassociating from the world.
Not to buy into the hype too much, but this will be the greatest videogame ever released
I’ve never been a magic based player but these spells and miracles look pretty sick
Nutnutnutnutnutnutnut
i think shields are way too powerful. I saw oroboro's video when he was fighting the boss from the trailer, he didnt need to time any dodges or anything just block and gg, hits barely took any damage, and he only got guard broken once, but boss didnt even punish. I wish they made shields less brain dead.
This game is Dark Souls + Skyrim + shadows of mordor= perfection
So can you do combos in pvp to some extend?
Speaking of "Open World" I have several questions... Does stuff like resources and bosses respawn? Can you re-fight them like it was in Death's Gambit: Afterlife? How many people can join jolly cooperation session? Do they dissapear after you kill the boss?
As someone who always went offline to prevent invasions, nice to see the no invasion of solo players mechanic
something that's bugged me in every "souls vet watches elden ring" type video is the constant "that animation is from dark souls 3!" like. they have an animation rig for the player already, I'm sure it was way faster and easier to add it to the new game/engine/whatever than to remake things they've made before just so it's new and for no other reason. like idk maybe I'm in the wrong here but, if it ain't broke don't fix it? I would much rather reuse simple animations like how a sword swings than have a slightly different new animation that took time out of something actually cool they could've made instead.
god this game looks so perfect
It's November man, you can't do this to me.
From software clearly studied Dragons Dogma extensively, a lot of subtle nods to that.
Kinda Irrelevant but are there any deeper interaction you can do with the one eyed waifu? Would be nice if she sings or dance to pass the time.
Can you play the Network Test on console or is it only PC?
This is so fucking good I can't wait
23:52 incoming grief builds to filter the community on Day 1, thank you so much
That intro reminds me of Zelda and all it greatness it has to offer. Good to know Elden Ring will have a similar experience.
4:01 "You are maidenless."  Dude really said you have no hoes lmaooo
I haven't seen anything on pyromancy is that still in the game?
Never lose your love of heights, friend.
NO MANA REGEN REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
It seems all in all interesting. I don't know what to think about traditional two handing no longer being a thing and the "if you want electric infusion you better accept the electric stom weapon art" thing but i suppose you'll get used to it. But i'd have preferred if it had remained the same as in all other dark souls games, just put jumping to b/circle, same as rolling except that outside of combat its a jump and in combat its a roll.   Not being invaded solo is a godsend, i absolutely despise invaders, if i'm already tilted as hell trying to beat some boss that wrecked me 15 times in a row, the last thing i'm waiting for is some dude coming in to shank me too just for a quick laugh, no, just no.   The open world looks beautiful and like with TW3 i expect that on your 19th runt through the game you'll likely still be finding stuff you hadn't seen before which is always cool. I am not much of a fan of the double jumping ghost horse though, seems a bit cheesy, a bit easy and personally ill probably try to ignore it as much as i can for anything that isn't travel from point a to point b in a straight line because i generally don't like mounted combat in any game ever as its 90% of the time janky as all hell and i'd rather just go by foot. Though i have this gnawing feeling they'll force you to use it regardless of whether you want to or not.
Let's have faith in the bow
Is there a dried finger kind of item for four player coop? Me and the boys planning to do a run together, but we don't have information to confirm four players.
Noice
So, important question about those ashes of war from the minibosses:  Are they a consumable crafting item for the weapon, or do you just unlock what it gives you at the blacksmith-equivalent?
The comment on stamina being unlimited and Dragon’s Dogma took me back xD Dragons Dogma was nearly unplayable without downloading a mod to make stamina infinite outside of combat/climbing enemies
Is there a boat or you have to go to the islands swimming? Nice video bro very informative
As someone who never summons others to help, I'm pretty dissapointed that I wont get invaded automatically :( I can always invade others and be invaded while helping others, but I do love it when your heart skips a beat as youre alone and suddenly someone invades
Are spears good now?
DS1 poise is back? GIANT DAD build baby...
I hope you can answer me  Just question about eldenring  During summoning your friend  Can he room the map with you not just for boss fight like explore some area and collect treasures and fight random bosses and puzzles if their is one in the game
It's just open worlds dark souls. Idk why they named it something else.
with that invasion teleport mechanic, you could totally pull off a Predator build
POWER MOTHERFUCKING STANCING AAAAAAHHHHHHH
THE AMOUNT OF TIMES MY JAW DROPPED DURING THIS VIDEO…
You lucky bastard.
Hyped.
I had a fucking PTSD episode hearing the words "It just works" when you were talking about seamless coop.
Can you swim???
Guys, it's just not worth it to pre-order stuff, you are just putting money into the pockets of big corporations end encouraging a really problematic industr.......huh what's that?....you are accusing me of preordering the game on steam as well as the collector's edition for xbox because I couldn't find a pc version and wanted a physical disk as well you say?  Nah, couldn't be me.
what is the horse called? torrent?
15:58 Goat-rolling. Preordered.
That entire magic section made me wet
Please, tell me the washing pole is in the game.
Dark Souls 1 Poise Dark Souls 2 Power Stance Dark Souls 3 Weapon Arts Bloodborne Running Attack Sekiro Stealth and jumping Demon's Souls MP bar Elden Ring Yakul and open world  Elden Ring truly has a bit of everything, while also adding a lot of new things
14:07 I've actually done pure ranged play-throughs of all the previous soulsborne games... It was harder with the arrow limit in DKS 3, so I'm glad to hear that it's going to be a lot more viable in this game.
The game came out?!
SUPER hyped for this one! Thanks for the very articulate rundown of all the things you tested. I think that now my only concern is that based on the videos of people playing it there might be the risk of no slider options atleast in terms of body-types(Im sure face customization is def gonna be a thing) but based on the "body type A and B" im worried cause Demon Souls remake basically had the same titile structire with no body customization(and considering the amount of stuff we are getting resources might be more focused on the stuff that isnt that.(I reaaaally wanna be able to make my super jacked barbarian characters I made perfectly in Dark Souls 2 and 3). But hey this is From and not Bluepoint so I will still be hopeful. Back on a more positice note...  POWERSTANCING IS BACK BEBIIIIII!!!!! YES YES YES!
Is there Pyromancy and how is it looking in this game? I mostly played a Pyro in DS3 and had a blast.
Time to redownload ds3 and get ready for this
That sounds promising.  DS2 community would find a brand-new Majula in Elden Ring.
12:50 *Love Train plays in the distance*
I'm curious how it runs on Xbox One X, I'm assuming not well at all.
I'm wondering how this is gonna run on my xbox 1
Those combat and horse mechanics look super cool. Kudos to FromSoft for turning the horse into a goat.
Ah yes, Giant Dad do you hear our prayers?! Welcome back :)
"Dark Souls 1 poise seems to be back"  GIANTS GIANTS GIANTS
"i played elden ring for 30 hours..." *Videos is 25 minutes Me: why you lied to me, man.   Okay, jokes aside the game looks awesome. Feels familiar yet fresh in its presentation. Can't wait
4:27 it's over, Tree Sentinel
So does power stance work with just equipping both weapons no holding down  the 2 handed button since you have to do that for individual weapons now? Is it possible to use two weapons independently as well? and the left handed move set of ds2?
Actual Poise, Power Stancing AND Invader free SP? Am I dreaming?  You really did a nice review thank you so much for giving us all this information and your opinion on some things in such a short Video. I didn´t even notice it being nearly half an hour :D  I have 2 questions though which are very very important to me (and probably a few others): 1. Can you lay down your Sign while not being able to be invaded? Or do you have to use the same Item you would use to summon others? 2. Since I recall this Network Test only being on Consoles you probably don´t know anything about the PC specs yet do you? I´m legit afraid my PC isn´t going to run it very well and with the current Prices on GPUs an upgrade is just out of the question sadly :(
the co op thing was also in the stress test for ds3, but im sure the reason is to let players play the game on their own and try it before trying to pvp, so 3 different players are playing at the same time atleast, for each pvp game. I hope the finger item just resets invade timer and not just activates pvp.
I want to play this so bad holy jesus
This looks extremely good but im disappointed you cant use horse on pvp i was hoping to see some horse jausting pvp with lances while others watch
In terms of the main boss, I remember in the DS3 network test The Dancer was the main boss. So maybe it will be a later game boss, or something like the Dancer boss.. in that you can trigger the boss early again.
is there gonna be horseback pvp?
This is going to be incredible
it's just me or the hud looks very bad? cause it looks like it is a poorly bloodborne designe. I really hope it is only a version for the beta
Hey, was that Prod you invaded in the PvP at 18:03?
Finally, us miracle build users will be able to laugh at Limit Breaker for once. Tick tock old man
"invaders can no longer invade solo players" I am going to die from the salt that this change will emanate.
Is there password based matchmaking still for friends??
Did margitt have a kirkhammer or was it simply a very similar weapon?
Welp, looks like I'm gonna end up making a fist build
Holy shit i am so hyped to see all this when it comes out, it even has POWERSTANCING WITHOUT THE REQUIREMENTS!
I want to go in to the game with as litle knowledge as possible, and goddamn if its hard to resist watching this whole video
Yo Metallic made citrus fruit, i got confused a little about the arcane stat, is It a resistant related stat or do you think they might add specific spells tied to It like hexes in the late game?
Ymfah gonna have a wild time since bows, and pacifist runs are much more possible now
13:25 that’s from bloodborne, papa Miyazaki bless, this is literally the best for software game by its nature of being EVERY good part of previous fromsoftware games. Powerstancing, a combination of the blood gem and weapon art system, jumping, hopefully swimming to some degree, SUPERB level design, I WANT TO PLAY IT
I simply love Elden Ring, its the first Souls Game i am here at before it even released and i am feeling the hype after playing Dark Souls, Dark Souls 2 and Dark Souls 3, i also love the few Bloodorne style things, i cant tell how hyped i am by a simple comment, but imagine it like a little fan girl screaming over her crush
Bearer Seek Seek Lest
Hey Pineapple! Great video! Does Elden Ring Allow you to equip three different weapons for each hand and switch them by a single button press like DS does?
This looks GOOD Holy heck
Santa!? 6:11
Please tell my edgy ass that Scythes are back...
Tell me please. Does the progress of the game remain with the summoned phantom, or does he need to pass the location in his own world
I may have missed it, but is there a password function for co op?
is coop the same as in ds is the player only summand to help or does he receive rewords in your world too
🗿mmmm
God, I can't wait.
Do enemy attacks still phase through walls and not deflect off of them like your attacks do?
Are the NPC questlines more clear on how the hell to do them
Dang that new kick is sick now I need something like the vanquishers seal so I can do damage with my bare hands instead of switching to a weapon
That meteor attack was fucking gorgeous man’s did a whole dragon ball revenge death ball
11:50 Wait did that goat just...  Nevermind
What type of hardware would you say it would take to run the game smoothly
SOULMASS DAGGERS SOULMASS DAGGERS SOULMASS DAGGERS
Lucky you got specifically invited to play and yes Im salty about it come fight meh!
Ikr
How does co op progression work though?
Speed runners are drooling to this game right now
I’ve heard great things about the twin blade
I played all the closed beta tests and I am so glad that I was invited once again to play Elden Ring. I feel like my name is probably written somewhere in from soft due to buying so many copies of dark souls and demon souls. I am so excited!
Oooh February, come quick please.
looks quite ehh tbf, cant realy say that i like what i see.
Hold up, the game looks awesome, no doubt but did I hear you right when you said there is only 8 fucking hours of content? Lol wtf is that all about in an open-world RPG??
Wow, this video was seriously well made. I can’t think of a single question because you addressed pretty much everything. Props to you man!
Did you get any footage of the bare handed attack animations? I'm super curious how fast they are and if they are updated.
Gonna be honest, it seems like I’m gonna be mostly ignoring PVP again this time around. PVP hasn’t been good since DS2 imo, and while invasions are fun, getting a guaranteed tank every time is just a pain.  Thankfully, literally everything else looks basically perfect, so I’m not worried :)
Thank you for the informative video, kind of got sick of other videos just fucking around with the game. I get it that they wanted to enjoy the game and they want to separate their content in a couple of videos for ad revenue, but it's just a annoying.
I'm embodying the scene of Spongebob saying "I NEED IT" right now
Poise exists. Twinblades are back. Powerstancing is back. PvP is well and truly optional without needing to play offline. I am now officially, properly, truly, hyped. Thank you Pineapple, fantastic video.
How is healing approached in this game? Does it have sort of an Estus system or is it handled through consumables? Perhaps a mix of both? If there are healing items, are they exploitable like in DS2 (with stackable heal over time properties)?
The only games I have pre-ordered and the past 7 years are mass effect trilogy and Ghost of Tsushima. I guess I'm about to add another to that list.
will it be 60$?
Can you get different mounts? Like goats, horses etc.
It looks amazing
In todays episode of steam dumbster diving...
Not gonna lie, hearing you saying this game is just good is such a relief you couldn't even believe And the fact that you just saying that is enough for me to know that the game is gonna be good is also impresive, good job man
I finished the whole video even with the spoilers , I said fuck it let go , tge game is too big to be spoiled in one video . Super excited to the game especially after the positive reception tge network test has😍
So no summons for Pvp?
I saw a twin blade... is helicopter man coming back?  🚁
This is by far the best review ever
2/10 not enough iron pineapple helmets
All the people complaining about this game, let em gripe. I bet theyll still play it because it looks so amazing. Some people just aren't happy unless they have something to complain about
Honestly this PVP is not what I wanted but it seems really stupidly fun.. for me invasions have never been about duels, they're about fucking with my opponent.  If I can teleport around and keep a team of people on edge for ages, while they explore not knowing where I'm at, as I power stance great hammers in a big thicc boi STR build ready to eat them up with poise.. Then go and do a viable miracle build where I stay out of range and fucking with them from a distance, waiting for them to get cocky and close to punch them with a bare fist then switch my my Faith scaling dagger with CRIT... I'll be happy.. I see myself being happy very soon.
6:15 I think it's a fishing pole
Opening montage had me worried it was just gonna be same old dark souls with that soul greatsword looking spell and all the animations being indistinguishable, but first 4 minutes of review changed my mind. Not gonna watch any more to avoid spoiling myself, but great review I’m sure!
Game is good?  Check.  Powerstancing is back?  Check.  Powerstanced Shotels are Meta?  ...  We are so close to greatness, don't let me down again From.  Heh.
Is there a limit to how far someone can go from the host in Co-op? And how do you go about obtaining new summons? Are they drops as well from bosses and mobs?
I saw you riding a horse and now that i know i can rp as a mongol that got sent to another dimension i'm hooked.
OH. MY. GAAAAAAAAAAHHHDDDDDD
2:30 Shenpai spotted :)
So I've never played a Fromsoft/souls game. This is making me one to play every one of them. I have a switch, Xbox, and PS4. Which souls game should I get and play first??  I'd like to get into this game community so PLEASE  give your input!!  I was thinking about getting the new remastered demon souls.
Horse parcour is the best thing I have ever seen in a game...
Yes its not just Casual souls 3.5 it even brings back great elements from older games and takes away stupid ones. im happy
Brining back classic poise whilst getting rid of guaranteed follow up attacks is such a good change. Now every hit you land you earn as opposed to DS3 where you land 1 hit and then get another or a WA attack for free. This is how DS3 pvp and combat should have been.
After Cyberpunk... I really needed this in gaming.
A little salty that arcane isn't  a new school of magic. Oh well faith and magic look really good though.
Dark souls 3.5 looks rather nice... hope it runs on pc quick and clean.
Someone pls tell you you can turn off the phantom color effect.... if theres an option in the menu or a ring as in ds3
Ok soo i came here after watching the ign vido and the fex one. I will say in both of those i was pretty underwhelmed by the game and by the footage but your vidio made me excited again. Thank you and keep up the good work!!!!                                        FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES POWERSTANCING IS BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK.
Based
Remember, no preorders! If it is still good when it comes out wait for reviews and buy then!
I was wondering, how does looting work when you're summoned into a host's world? Do you only get souls from enemies slain or are you able to obtain item drops and crafting materials? I'm looking to play the game alongside one of my friends and I'm worried about us having to swap as host and play through places twice so we both get everything.
Anyone that complains the graphics aren't up to par clearly don't care about gameplay, this goes for all games
Goddam, I wanted to close the video so much, to not get spoiled more than what trailers show, but I could not. Looks amazing. DS1 poise and the super kick hue hue :)
GET HYPE
if dex isnt required for powerstancing i dont see the point in running dex builds at all. strength just seems objectively better.  strength giving equip load and now real poise its like what do i get for running dex? wasted lvl ups thats what.
30 hrs ?! jeeez
LEEEETTTTSS FUCKINGGGG GOOOO
Elden ring has the potential to be the equivalent to what Monster hunter World represented for the souls series  A combination of almost any good feature the past games had, with a lot more open experience and focused on removing every innecesary little mechanic that was holding the games back from being more mainstream  I really hope Elden ring becomes a massive hit
Lol I can't wait for the "coil shield only" runs.
Your analysis was succinct, well researched, objective and to the point. No flourished or memey gimmicks. Just bare bones critical analysis. Thanks so much for your time, your hard work and you earned a like/sub from me!
Powerstancing making a return makes me so happy
YEEEESSSS
Is it possible to kill more than one boss/do more than one dungeon with a single summon. I.e. they won't get kicked after the dungeon or something?
I'll like this video just for you saying that DS2 isn't a bad game
TWO V TWO YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSS  3v1 awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
In coop can we pick up items in the visiting world? Does it synchronize with your own world when you help someone?
Miracles do damage again :)
Fuck it in buying the DS games
I hope someone gets good refrence photos of the blood wolf armor so some of can make cosplays before release
The magic in this game looks phenomenal
1. Whatever anyone might say, the game does not really look as good as DS3 for example. Yes, yes .. graphics in souls are not that important. But would be nice nevertheless. 2. Does the progression count for the person summoned for help? Does he get items etc? 3. I hope netcode, hitdetection, etc. are better than in previous games. Otherwise it will again be quite unfun a lot of times ...
What about enemy variety on the overworld? How varied are they and are the ones you mentioned here just few of available enemies?
As someone who has never played a dark souls game but watches every iron pineapple vid, I’m excited to play this game
I can see that people are excited about the game, being the reason why R.R. Martin hasn't finished GoT. I see that they added new, simple mechanics to an already premade game. Jumping? Destructible environments? Stealth? Seen it done in other games. By the looks of it, it just seems to be DS4 with a coat of paint over it, and a horse. I see that you played Dragon's Dogma, I think Elden Ring can benefit from looking at doing satisfactory combat. I enjoy FromSoft games, but this just seems lazy.
"After the church, I ran along and followed the path..." I've seen enough. I'm satisfied. (and I don't want to spoil myself more)
I hope to god this dethroned Bloodborne. I love open world games, they’ve always had a special place in my heart and this is like a dream for me.
"Elden Ring is literally FROMSOFTWARE's Skyrim" Change my mind!  P.S. Nevermind, Elden Ring is  DARK SOULS II 2
Was there any option to map 2-handing to a button that toggles it?  I play with my face and I'd rather not have to hold a button down to stay in 2-handed mode.  Thanks!
I would of liked to play it if I got the email telling me..
My feeling from everything I've seen so far. The best of soft's gameplay, and the best exploration they could find made to fit. I get Witcher vibes with BotW movement, if I were to make a comparison.
seems like them reusing animations was a good thing you def see all the work they put into the open world
I never was a magic guy, always picked the largest and most badass greatsword I could find, but the magic looks awesome in this game.
IMO they really need to add a horse for online players (invaders and coopers alike)
Me: i wish to see more elden ring content Iron pineapple: say no more
That is not a horse. That is the god of goats. That was apparently also a pegasus in its past life.
Me: loves Ds2 to death, and hates everyone ragging on it  Iron Pineapple: 12:30  Me: YES!
There wasn't any true combos in Bloodborne, so they have done something like this before
God i want an fromsoft, open word, lovecraftian, game. With a fishing village and underwater ereas... 😣😣😣
Ymfah is gonna have a hell of a time with this one
Are there any powerstances with 2 different weapons btw?
When you wake up 4 hours before work just to watch Elden Ring gameplay
Can’t wait to watch all the no hitters try this game tbh
you double jump to get to the next area I double jump to be on top of big rock. We are not the same lmao
Strength / Faith chads our time is now
Holy fuck why would you do this to me?  ...I didn't get into the network test :(  Looks so good
I’m so excited!!!
all it needs to be a perfect game now is a threaded cane
pvp: how's the netcode? DS was notoriously shit.   co-op: shared progress/loot? Nioh did it perfectly, I really don't like co-op'ing the game down the line when you have to repeat everything twice every single time. It's fun the first time or two because you get to explore things you didn't before and power up by farming so many souls.. but in an open world game where exploring and finding secrets is a big part of it, having to do that a second time seems like a weird choice.
...Did you do co-op with The Sphere Hunter? Killer.
Wow all these review copies months before and no one has mentioned any NDA  THIS IS HOW YOU DO IT CD PROJEKT
Watches the start: ok I'm sold I'll watch more later when I'm playing because I want 0 spoilers, my tradition for souls likes is to go in blind
sooo what organ should I sell to buy a ps5 so I can play this game on its release?
Does Pineapple have discord?
6:11 Santa Claus, is that you?
I’m so happy that poise is back. It gives you a reason to mix and match armor sets. I remember spending so much time in dks1 trying on different armor pieces trying to hit certain poise break points.
Wait, is it confirmed that this is coming to switch?
Ah man im so excited, the game looks so good. Can't wait to make Guts build and smash enemies while riding on my horse
I am really glad poise is back, the thing I hated most in ds3 was how much damage enemies do compared to other games and how many enemies can just stunlock you
It's official, botw is now budget elden ring
How much potions did you have? And did the enemy phantoms and allied summons have potions?
awdfhq;ofhoevhsaeuhcqai;vhsilafgouwbefilvaq;iuwrgvoa;hvsd;oifh aoudcbqwhlvibq i cant wait till February
Did they put whips in this game or they ditched them entirely? Because i like them, but mfs just ain't fun to use in dark souls.
Game looks amazing. I did have a question that I haven't seen anyone answer yet. Is the coop "progression" the same as previous games as in only the host gets items and makes progress, or is that changed now that the game is open world?
Can you parry 2 handed?
On the co-op aspect, are you able to summon friends into your world even when all available bosses are cleared? Might be fun chilling together with buddies without being restricted by that one hurdle from past FromSoft games.
Elden ring looks like the bastard child of a from software titled orgy and I’m all for it. It’s like they took the best pieces of every game they’ve made and melded into a beautiful open world game. I really hope this is the second coming of Skyrim.  Edit: he literally just said almost exactly what I said but I’m glad other creators are thinking the same thing
Where is my beautiful panic roll spam....
its so fitting for the horse to look like a goat with there horns, because sure as hell it will be used as a giant goat, jumping and climbin on top of everything
So how does the parry feel? Is it more "reaction" based like in Dark Souls 1 or is it more "read" focused like Dark Souls 3? Also can power stance parry/deflect like Sekiro?
lookin good
I must say your video was so useful  Thank you now i can pre order the game with an eased mind
That’s it!…I’m pre ordering it
Those mini bosses look really weak
I for one am so glad solo invasions aren’t a thing anymore. I have never in my life been interested in PvP and it’s nice to know that I won’t just be trundling along and some meta build just pops out of nowhere and sends me to the shadow realm
thank good equipment load is tied to strenght, now giant armored guys with a knife and quickstep wont be a thing, well they might but wont have enought damage since knifes are tied to dex.
Ds3 looks great to this day I think they do a great job with graphics tbh
What are the system requirements? Can a AMD RX580 GPU and a Ryzen 5 CPU run it?
HYPE HYPE HYPE!!
wait. 14:45 - Good miracles?! OLD MAN!!! YOU CANNOT ESCAPE THIS TIME
🙆🏾‍♂️I can't wait to see speedrunners double jump in a small space and somehow get thrown to the end of the game😂
The most impressive thing I saw until now is that this beta is not buggy. (at least for today's standards)
SNAKE SHIELD SNAKE SHIELD
You double jump for a reason. I double jump for no reason. We are not the same.
The fact that you can fast travel from almost everywhere is extremely disappointing and really killed my mood when I heard it. It really takes away from the open world, which seems to be the primarily new feature, as well as the support, for the game itself. I hate it when open world games do this because it really does cheapen the open world itself which in turn cheapens everything else in a cascading effect. I worry and hope that this does not happen with Elden Ring
I am in absolute pain, absolute sheer pain from the anticipation building within me
This may very well become my favorite game of all time. I am so ridiculously excited.
Now that was a wonderful review. All the details you provided in each section, the footage to explain each moments, that's some dedication. Thanks for this video, I also think, for once, a game might live up to it's hype.
I think this is the first time for a long time when they really stepped up for a really good upgrade from previous games you convinced me to believe this is not just a simple upgrade over the good old games this is a real step up.
1:15 holy shit wtf
The horse can double-jump, climb anything, and there are ultra-jump-boost pads? I predict this will become the new Breath of the Wild of speedruns
Can't wait for the games release I'm just happy it's on all platforms unlike demon souls and blood borne
Damn... with the new day/night cycle there must be *very* few baked lightmaps in the open world.  (I believe) Static lighting generally creates much higher resolution shading for much less performance.  Hence old bloodborne’s lighting being comparable to this.  Again i don’t know shit, hope i got that right
22:34 the part with the poise & backstab animation is bs, no serious pvp player walks around his opponent while locked on. if you poise-run through the attack and then do a 180° quick turn like in ds3 (if that even works here), you actually will get the backstab 100% certain. and if you really can only land 1 attack, then what is the point of fast dex weapons? that would ruin the game completely.
Is there shield break/kick?   I can't watch your video. I will not.
After the gameplay presentation, I was a bit bummed out that most if it looked just like Dark Souls 3 (which isn't necessarily a bad thing, I was just expecting a bit more new shit) but after seeing a bunch of Network Test videos and your elaboration on the matter, I'm hella hyped again. This is gonna be a absolutely nutty game and I can not wait to get my hands on it. Thanks my guy.
So open world from software game, with  a light probably optional crafting system.  That's all I need to hear to buy it where can I get it.  And a JUMP BUTTON finally oh yes.  And we have skyrim horses that can mountain climb? And double jump cool bow jump attacks...
This looks so incredible. I can't recall the last time I was this genuinely hyped for a game release.
not wrong about the primal double jumping urger, especially if it’s a horse double jumping.
I sadly didnt get into the testing. Hopefully there will be another one in the future
I do not like Dark Souls or Bloodborne, yet I am somewhow hyped for Elden Ring?? It seems more approachable than the other titles, I dunno if that seems crazy or not, and I don't know how to properly explain it.
Oh God I think you've given me a ticket for the hype train.
How many phantoms and invaders
It's like all the fromsoft games put into 1 except bloodborne bc ig I'm not allowed to play the fun one
Me "HOURSE =GOOD".
the snake shield reminds me of the ds2 puzzling stone sword dlc, glad to see more weird weapons are in and that they will be actually viable
IS THE FLAMBERGE IN THE GAME, PLEASE IP I NEED TO KNOW
If this is the culmination of every FromSoftware game since Demon Souls what did it take from Armored Core V
Bro I cant im gonna cry for real I feel like ive finally met my child after years away at war
Men It feels like from software read my mind. This game has everything i wished in a open world dark souls.
Miyazaki doesnt miss
i can already imagine memes like sleep arrow.exe by the way game looks like what i've been waiting for since dark souls 1
So you player 30 hours, but i dont see this being 30 hours. Disapointed...;)
I really hope co-op progress is shared, otherwise it can be a turn off to go coop if you have to do things again in your own playthrough
WHERE'S BLOODBORNE DASH!
I thought magic was op and turns out miracles are even stronger? Do you think from is going to nerf those things are make them less available at the start of the game? So far most enemies (aside main bosses) feel a little easy or at least prone to be cheesed (?)
Do you have any idea what the system requirements are approximately? if you have played it on PC
so what is/is there a connection between elden ring and the dark souls series ? It looks and feels more like a DS4 than a totally new IP. Like how sekiro felt miles from anything the company had created previously. The physics, the combat and mechanics, the engine side of things and the flow of gameplay and UI design, the animations and particle effects etc. etc.
So quick question, if equip load is tied to strength, and ds1 poise is back so heavier armor is favourable, does this mean the death of pure dex builds?
Finally invaders will have to work for those kills. At least a little bit. Not a fan of that teleport mid combat though...
Lol but fuck
I hope weapon scaling won't be linked to weapon arts in the final game, it seems like it would be very limiting in terms of customization
I’m shaking excited… power stance, miracles are good and you can CHARGE spells, poise is back and strength is tied to equip load, no more accidental kicks — all this on top of ELDEN RING!? I feel like Amigara fault… this is my [game]! It was made for me!
Does anyone know if in Coop your friends can still loot and open chest to get new items? Or isn't more like your friend is a another body to just fight
Solo players not being invaded by default is the best change I've ever heard of.
I upgraded my pc just for this. Good to hear it lives up to your expectations. Hopefully it will give me lots of hours of good gameplay
The PvP in this game is gonna be awesome.  Can't wait to play the game solo with invasions on
How long is the day/night cycle?
14:30  I am 100% sure that was inspired by hackers who basically obliterate your GPU
You know a game is gonna be good when they give beta access this early, rare sight these days
Please, I can only get so excited!
22:06 Sir, that is three halves.  ...now you have enough to fight the Moon Presence!
Poise is back!? You know what time it is, guys. "GIANTS, GIANTS, GIANTS. BECOME UNSTOPPABLE!"
Would be soooo neat if there's a hidden town or something.
I'd love to see Dragon's Dogma 2 out in the same year as Elden Ring. Tbh i just dont want fromsoft to have game of the year on lock and I want something to stand up to Elden Ring. I just want more quality games! Do you think a Dragon's Dogma sequel, if capcom listened to the community, would be a good contender or compliment to Elden Ring?
Sky box design is phenomenal. Art style all around is perfect
18:36 is that fucking giantdad
2022 is gonna be a great year for games
It is DS 3,5 and you are just a fanboy clown
the health bar looks soooo cool, idk why the first thing i actually wanted to know from Elden ring was the health bar.  With everything you just said, i think Elden Ring will surpass Bloodborne
Now this is a game worth getting hyped about.
With all the additions to combat and how OP it seems like you can make your character, is the game noticeably easier than previous entries? How do they balance difficulty to account for the new combat system?
From software denied me CNT access, i'm dying from the inside...
Honestly I'm 100% ok with the fingers, it makes it feel more like invaders are hunters, tracking down and killing their target over the large open world, and if a fight starts to look bad you can withdraw and try to track them down again. I have no idea if thats how they intended it, but as it's an open world it does sound cool to think of it as more of that kind of a thing, you aren't just engaging in a short sharp fight now, its' more the long game.   As for the solo getting invaded thing, I'll 100% be paying to get invaded if they don't change it as I only play solo and would hate to not be invaded, but ye I hope they change that, the idea of not being invaded while playing solo is my biggest gripe right now, it's nice that you can do something about it, but I'd honestly prefer an option when I create my character as I'm never not going to want to have people invading me.
Holy crap! My favorite weapons from DS2 are back and you didn't even say anything about it?  Can't wait to use twin blades again
17:30 kinda seems familiar to abyss watchers
"Half of you are excited, half of you are panicking, and half of you have no idea what I'm talking about".   That's one too many halves.
POWER STANCING IS BACK BABY AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH i came
Completed it mate
Elden Ring? More like Bo-Ring am i right
Power stance is back!? Im so happy about this
My hype is through the roof.
i still don't like the overall high fantasy look and feel, but i guess i am going to make my peace with that
I get that this demo covers the beginning area, but the game looks a lot easier than the previous souls games. Definitely the damage output on magic looks busted.  I’m just hoping they don’t do this game like DS2. Where the game was stupid easy on release; give or take a few bosses, and then later down the line they did an update to actually make it feel like a Dark Souls game.
Do you know how many areas will be in the final game?
i am actually scared to play this game. i am scared because i will become addicted and incapable to do anything else than playing this game lmao.
I have been anticipating this game for a long time. Now I am actually excited for it.  Thank you for sharing.
Will there still be character customization? I always loved how much you could tweak your characters in previous soulsborne games.
I like the invasion changes, i hate multiplayer and pvp
Hey one question. Can you turn off the compass and only the compass not the full hud?
what does every stat do?
i never played any souls game or souls like, you think i will have a bad time playing this?
Holy crap fromsoft seems like they nailed the open world I'm going to take my week vacation from work when elden ring drops and binge on it.
do you feel the game is easier than it's predecessors?
I am actually glad with how the new invading works since that means i dont constantly have to play offline
12:50 CLOWNDRILL
I have a question. Can the super kick be parried?
Fromsoft winning game of the decade
Well you've given me all the info I need not to get the game...why?....all this info and I saw nor heard any info on the status of the best weapon of any fromsoft game....broken straightsword. If I can't make myself hate my life and can only have fun, then this isn't a true fromsoft game
Thank you so much for such a detailed video! I would like to know about the saves. The game did not have the opportunity to save where it is convenient for the player, maybe player can use some rare items for that? In all of FromSoftware's games, it was wildly annoying to run from campfires to the boss. Despite the cuts, it took time. A very annoying gameplay feature that I consider the cancer of all FromSoftware games. Sorry for my english, not good at it.
I can not wait to try this game out. Open world, free roam, dungeons,  powerstancing, it's always been my favourite thing to do.
All I need to know now is, where I will find the Halberd. Because all my first playthroughs in DS1-3 were with a Hallberd. So I wanna keep this the same in Elden Ring.
Amazing. It really does live up to the hype. We have powerstancing. Invasions seem actually good, not too in the favor of the host and not too in the favor of the invader. Mechanics of the game work perfectly with each other as far as I can see. Just one question remains.  Who is best waifu?
I like Dark Souls 2 a lot more than a good deal of From fans, but I was never that impressed with power stancing and I still don't see the big deal. In Dark Souls 2 it was just a few (very few) different attack animations that didn't actually add any additional layer of tactics or strategy. Like it was cool, I guess, but it seems like people have this idea in their head of it being the BEST THING when it was really just an underdeveloped mechanic that ultimately did not add much - I think the weapon arts from Dark Souls 3 ultimately add quite a bit more even if it wasn't as good a system as it could have been. All this praise I hear for power stancing feels like nostalgia goggles to me, or just people loving the idea of dual-wielding weapons having their own attacks, even if it's kinda half-baked. Hopefully Elden Ring makes it a bit more substantial.  (yes I know there are some fun things to do in PvP with power stancing, I know it's not useless, but when that gets brought up I can't help but think of how Weapons Arts in 3 add so much to PvP that you simply could not do without them)  I think there is a pretty distinct trend in the Souls community to underappreciate the mechanics of Dark Souls 3 and hype up the mechanics of 1 and 2. I love all the games but... this is a weird community sometimes.
I wonder if the fast traveling from anywhere and the refilling healing/magic will cut down on the oppressive and dangerous feeling that From game worlds seem to cultivated. I kind of hope not, but I am worried about that. Everything else though seems like a hands down great choice. I am low-key super stoked that old school poise is back in a system that doesn't have DS1 backstabbing. Also, as to what Iron Pineapple said about 'non combo combat (1 hit) favoring heavy weapons' if every landed attack guarantees 2 hits, then 1 hit = 2 hits. So it wouldn't change much from the DS3 formula.
How did it run on a ps5? Like what it gittery at all or was it smoth throughout your entire experience? (disrgarding online stuff because its a netowerk test lol)
Am I the only one who thinks the Bloody Wolf armor kinda looks like the Cainhurst armor?
This game looks so beautiful I can’t get over it
The merchant is Santa 😅
Do we know if this game will receive expansions, sequels or anything along those lines?
The most welcome surprise is the DS1 poise. I really loved that system (for PVE, I'm not much of a duelist).
Sooooo the fast travel thing is kinda cool but def a slap in the face for the hxc players. Why? Skyrim got boring after I found out I could travel anywhere.  Make us NEVER be able to travel, like ds1, but never even make it an option 😏
Everything looks so awesome at this moment so in a way I'm a bit excited  Maybe would change at the end but I think that from software has to change the UI or at least the design... I still feel vibes of dark souls and i think it would benefit more if had like a different design, idk maybe that's just me
HOLY FUCK THIS GAME ARRRGHHHHH MUST HAVE
Is left Hand really usefull in elden ring or is like Magic and Shield only ?
I SAW A CRAB AND THEN I CLAPPED
PLEASE TELL ME IF THE DRAGON HEAD IS GOOD NOW
Needs unicorn mount
Oh my god... that jumping interaction at about 1.20 makes me so happy
All this... IN A DEMO
4:50 is where I paused the video and realized I need to go into Elden ring completely blind.
This game looks amazing
What is the difficulty like? I dont think you mention it.
This actually looks quite exciting. Even though I don't like Dark Souls.  Don't get me wrong, I love a lot of Souls-like games. But I tried DS and DS3 and both the movement and combat is. Just. So. Clunky. I'm more fighting against the controls and the camera, than actually engaging the enemies.  But this looks a whole lot more streamlined.
Fromsoft is the only dev besides devolver that I buy day one and I've never been disappointed. They're so good I end up resenting other great games because of how lack luster they are in comparison.
HOLY SHIT POISE IS BACK I hope there is both poise and hyperarmor like in DS2, because both of these mechanics have a purpose
Dark souls 1 pose is back!!!???
Viable offensive miracles? There’s an old man cooking up a long-awaited video right now
it looks even better than I imagined
Placing bets. Who thinks the whole 5 or so Arcane scaling spells in the game are going to make this game's equivalent of a Dark Spell build?
the people upset that this game doesn't look current enough are probably also the people who pre-ordered cyberpunk
equipment burded being tied to str should be a great change. makes more sense too. dex has always been the favorite, now this should even it out a tad and define the archetypes a bit more. heavy armor has to go str, so will naturally tend towards big slow weapons too. dex will then be left with fast weapons, with possibly having an increase to the critical damage like bloodborne (did ds2 or 3 have that too? cant remember, played more bb than them two personally)  good change, makes sense
I was actually a bit worried about ER, since I hate openworld game with burning passion, so you have no idea how good it felt to hear "it's basically one, big Dark Souls level"
Game looks amazing and I dont mind reused animations, but reusing enemies is kinda meh... (I'm talking about the crab monsters from ds3)
Welp, looks like I'm literally going to be purchasing a PS5 just for this game.  Last year I got my first FromSoft game, Sekiro. I ended up squeezing every ounce of gameplay from the game I possibly could, culminating in a platinum trophy and finishing all of the gauntlets. I instantly went out and got DS1, DS3, and BB and beat the 3 of them as well. Still haven't played DS2, but with ER on the horizon I'll probably just wait for now to play this first, because I can already tell this will be a fucking colossal time-sink...
i would take that 1.5 thing anytime instead not being abel to paire different weapon classes
THE MERCHANT IS SANTA!!!
I have a question, I just registered for the Network test but I got a weird message about a survey and I didn't get any emails. Was I too late?
This truly is the breath of the wild of dark souls.
It's a bow, but it also works as a backscratcher. Upgrades, people. Upgrades.
Wait, did he say "run a faith build"? It's happening. Miracle build meta.
YES DS1 POISE BIG BOIS ARE BACK
So how will the combination of DS1 poise and DS2 power stance affect the PVP meta in your opinion?
Super excited to cheese everyone with bows.
19:54 omfg there is jojo posing
Elden ring PVP is gonna be ds2 PVP with ds1 poise, and ds3 weapon arts
Really glad to hear that defensive play is still viable, and that shields finally have more interactivity! Honestly all of the changes sound really good, I'm especially impressed with the huge change to weapon infusions/weapon arts, that's a great change.
Is there only 1 twinblade in the demo? And how good is it
i hope weapons wont be balanced according to pvp meta all of the old games got ruined by that
Does the FP regenerate in anyway? Or is is just based on the flasks again. This was my biggest problem with Dark Souls 3 combat so I’m curious if they made any changes.
I feel like this is going to give me what I ached for when playing MGS V; a natural evolution of what was done. Maybe i'm looking too far into it.
3:35 im blown away man, every 5 minutes i felt a jolt of happiness. Im almost forced to get a ps5 lol
DUAL SHIELDS!?!?
Me before: Neat but it seems a little too casual Me after I see poise is back: PRAISE THE SUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Looking flashy asf
Please god let the pc port be good! I'm very excited, end of 2021 early 2022 Is such a great time for games.
(Video is awesome) I stopped watching your video, because I am afraid of getting high expectations. I just was worried about open world, I regret watching video after you explained about it. My kinda mistake
Oh yeah, btw, what was matchmaking like? Was it soul level based, weapon based, passwords available? I know it was a demo so idk if it would have it all but yeah, how does all that work?
I am so sold on this game  I wasn’t the biggest fan of sekiro it was good don’t get me wrong, but it wasn’t what I was wanting from a fromsoft game, this however is perfect, a nice mix of everything I enjoyed from every recent fromsoft game.
Horse combat is basically just the FF7 motorcycle sequence. Can't complain.
The spells are so grand and flashy it reminds me of Dragon’s Dogma. I love it
The fall in the beginning seems to be ther especifically to give players a feel for fall damage, since that fall looks lethal if it was in dark souls and fa,ll damage since to be closer to Sekiro. Thank god the backstabs work like in dark souls 3. When i saw you backstab an enemy and not have that "doble" animation (y'know, the backstab confirmation and the backstab itself) i thought it might work like in ds1. When you fall into a botomless pit, do you die or get sent back with lower hp like in Sekiro? Geat video m'man metal frut. Can't fucking wait to play this in february, at lease dark souls nightfall gonna keep me busy in january hehe
Im crying. I want to watch this but I want to go in as blind as possible......... :(
"It seems that poise from DS1 is back" I hear the tomb of the Giant Dad opening, as prophesied.
DS1 Poise is back! *Yes!* <3
I can Dual Wield again... I can fuckin Dual Wield Again!
18:31 wait a minute is that prod ?
Being an non-Souls fan but really really enjoying DeS (PS3) and DS1, and just liked DS2/3, can you tell me if there's anything beyond the regular Souls formula and open-world stuff?  Part of why I didn't get attached with DS2/3 because they felt like re-tread, didn't felt as "essential" if I get pretentious. You can only tell so much story out of dying, decaying world and characters adapting to it.  I dunno, I feel like given how wide, varied From's pre-Souls catalog has been, I was expecting more.
this is just dark souls 3 but with an extra step added on.
why would you spoil the tree npc encounter?
is this ds2 2
What is the limit of what you can do in coop?  Can you pick up items in other worlds ? Will stuff you do and boss you  kill be cleared in your own world when you go back to it ? Can you buy stuff from npc?  i expect a no to these question but who knows.
Alrighty, watched 4 and a half minutes and will close the video now. No dig at you Pineapple, just... I need as much freshness as I can get for this game. No spoilage.
Wow @ the Bloody Finger. Is it possible to use it after leaving the Host's world (ie after dying or black crystal-ing for the salty runback)? It seems to suggest yes from the text. So cool that you can use it for an emergency eject button while still in the world though.
7:54 i nearly spit out my coffee xD eagle just chillin' there minding his own business. gets whacked
crabs and crabs and crabs and crabs
HYOE TRAIN HYPE TRAIN HYPE TRAIN
i mean this game was to good on graphic idk my computer can handle it or not :( please make it slightly worst
I hope they have a depraved option to start the game. I like progression, not a fan of starting of in full shinny armor. If I had made this game, I would have gave all the starting classes rusty basic equipment's. Like old wood shield with rusty broken sword for knight, rag dress with old branch staff for sorcerer, etc.
How do mob respawns work? Do they all come back when you rest at a 'bonfire'? Or just a perimeter?
man i was ok waiting for the game......but now that i have seen stuff....FUCK!
I want to buy a PS5 just to play this, holy shit
Dude the fucking music is so EPIC. Its like devil may cry music and hans zimmer had a love child
You have so much space to fuck with hosts/invaders this is going to be so much fun lmao
It just doesn't feel like a Souls game if you can't get dunked on by 5 invaders in a row solo. Looks great but invasions seem like they got neutered.
What class of magic is pyromancy? Is it back to DeS style where it falls under sorceries?
The first drop isn't to discourage jumping down long falls, in fact the drop is so high and you take so little damage to show you that you can drop far farther than you could in darksouls l
How´s the difficulty in general (besides the "main" boss) compared to other Souls titles?
Can't Fucking wait. Thank you so much for sharing this greatness !
I dont like ds3 … i have the same feeling for this .. sorry,
Your opinion is one that will actually make an effect on whether or not I decide to try this out; and I think I'm going to. Looks like fun, haven't seen anything about anything until now, so I'm interested.
"Feel free to go off, and die in a ditch somewhere"  Understandable, have a nice day! (bunny hops away)  All jokes aside, HOLY SHIT AM I SALTY. I got a network test code and I won't be able to play it because I'll be traveling that weekend :<  So pumped to die again and again with my lad who introduced me to DS3. We gonna be laughin our asses off from the shenanigans achievable in this game.  Cheers.
Okay, I have one question, in any form or way did you find something similar to bloodbornes really system? Even if an item or spell or something?   Probably my biggest problem with DS, so I'm hoping maybe theres something from ER
Yo... this is the part where I'm starting to get scared of spoilers and it feels like crap :(
I want a souls MMO so badly!
Hollee sheet, YeeeSSSS. This is so fucking cool!  Cool ass level design Powerstance Reasons to just return to monke and KICK Viable magic??? Big cool spears TWINBLADE Weapon ARTS! BUT EVEN COOLER! Obscure DS1 level secrets! (Glowed path? Wait me played sekiro! Das a monke!) with actually really cool rewards Chalice Dungeons but like…. Good Miyazaki once said he wanted invaders to basically act as special enemies, but what if they were, recurring enemies? Once found you may disappear only to return anew to ambush the Gank! No solo host invasions unless opted-into so in total invaders can actually be scary ambush predators to hosts and phantoms. OH MY GOOOOD YESSSS!
Can we play in multiple plays test hours?
Is there any fall damage?!
Instant GOTYAY
I wonder if the region lock is going to be “Japan” and “the rest of the planet” again
So are there any platforming-based puzzles or collectible as far as you could tell? You sort of touch on this by saying you never found anything while climbing everything you could see. It would have been cool if they put down crows nests or something all around that you could find as a secrets. But little platforming challenges a la Guild Wars 2 would be interesting.
POWER STANCING IS BACK BABY!!!!!
Oh OK another Breath of the wild copy, great
Big fan of STR increasing equip load. Finally makes STR builds not inherently disadvantaged because STR weapons are heavier, want you to use heavier armor for poise, and take more stamina per swing.
Is that Pip Torrens as the npc at 4:10? I can't find anything online about it but it seems to be pretty unmistakable.
The destruction holy shit I was NOT expecting that. Battlefield who?
this one is my favorite one so far, i can see that you put so much work to explain all the things that mentioned on the video
Between the open world multiplayer and the summoning of familiars, this reminds me a lot of the original Demon Souls trailer with all the knights and warriors fighting.
The people have to know. Can you parry the crabs?
Dark Souls 2 isn't a good game. Combat is floaty, animations feel disjointed, and hitboxes are all wrong. They did two good things, but the negatives far outweigh the positives. For a game that's focused on combat, it's unforgivable.  I'm glad the good of that game has been stripped out and repurposed here, into a clearly superior game.
I hope the network test will be open for all at some point D:
I go rejected,I want to kill myself
Fantastic overview. I was debating whether to watch this but I’m just so excited
How's the open world? My biggest concern with this game was that it would follow suite in the general formula for open world games we've seen a million times with several repetitive Outpost type quest, lots of jank and general lack of refinements (looking at you MgsV, GoT, Horizon, every open world ubisoft game).
so happy r1 r1 isn’t a combo anymore
It looks easy. With a the powerful options is the challenge reduced?
Awesome vid man I’m hyped
I really hope they add some hitstun to the Dex weapons. I always loved invading with my huge pure strength weapon and playing the cat and mouse game with the host. I may get one massaive hit in, but the guy with the washing pole was able to get 3 in, because of the stun it had. I felt like it really balanced the game
Dang, I've watched a few preview videos already but this one really stands out. Iron Pineapple has reached a impressive level of conveying exposition about what is what on a Soulslike game. I think the review of the dozens of games covered on the Dumpster Dive series really paid off!
Idk about you but I'd pay alot for elden ring even if it was only dark souls 3 part 2
Y-y-you hold hands to level??? 😳
Looks great. I do have one criticism however. I wish From stopped doing this thing where everybody model is slightly bigger than yours and proportions look wonky, I still like how human characters in DeS were more your size. DK1 and 2 are kinda okay but DK3 goes way overboard in this regard.
Pineapple did you by any chance check out what is going on with the water? Seing that sudden depth change in the end makes me think swimming isnt possible like in Sekiro but I havent yet seen a youtuber comment on this.
I really hope there will be easter eggs from previous titles.
I hope invasions aren't to annoying for people who just want to co-op with friends, seeing as this is finally the first souls like where co-oping the game is actually viable
This is the game I've always wanted. Ever since playing Dark Souls I wanted a game like Dark Souls but with the open-worldedness of Skyrim. Leave it to FromSoft to go "Same" and actually make it!
Ah yes, the dark souls of open world games.
will u get item if u play as a phantom ?
Finally I can make a viable faith build with poise and better miracles
wait the whole game is only 8 hours? 0:50
Btw how did u give more info then Vaati. Lmfao. But I’m hoping we’ll be able to parry a counter. Idk I’m so hyped. Idc how much it is or isn’t like Dark Souls. Who cares it’s Fromsoft. Everyone hyped is hyped for almost the same reasons. For the toxic assholes to the great sun bros. Let’s goooo
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA THAT INTRO HYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYPE
IM SCREAMING ALL OF MY HOPES AND DREAMS ARE COMIN TRUE
Poise is back babyyyyyy!!!
They mastered the Souls formula. Miyazaki and From Software created another masterpiece.
I feel like this is an ultimate version of Dragon's Dogma just without being able to climb bosses.
It's like Dark Souls, but hotter!
Any announcements on DLC or different editions of the game?
Fast Travel everywhere... ugh.
22:08 So... Three halves?
This isnt Darksouls 3.5 this is Darksouls 4. They basically as max dood woukd say, They xenoshit Darksouls
Given the sheer scope of coop sessions now, how does progression work? Will you still need to do both players worlds if you're attempting a full coop run like in previous games? If so it feels somewhat off putting to coop outside of quickly lending a hand or carrying
I cannot wait to 100% this bastard
Giant crabs confirmed. Must buy.
So it's a From Software-like again. Don't get the hype, you've literally played this game before. Maybe 6 times.
I can't allow myself to watch this :(
How does online work
Finally, my dream has come true bows are now good weapons.
Ah yes the one company that has never let me down quality over quantity they move in silence and drop this welp 300 hours ez
Never thought I'd hear somebody actually recommend a faith build. Lol
How's the stealth? Is it more refined and involved in the flow of gameplay than Sekiro? Does it have a stat or something that buffs in it some way?
Is it just me or did I judge Elden Ring's graphic totally wrong on all the previous oficial showcases? I thought it's just DS3 with a little better lightning and I was really upset about it, but here... damn it looks much better! I'm even more hyped up now that I've already been played like this xD
Just gonna listen this with my screen face down, I wanna play it completely blind, the way I played dark souls for the first time all those years ago.
How did dual weilding without powerstancing work? Like ds 2 or 3?
Seems like they made it optional like in Demon Souls remake to switch off the UI when it is not being used. If that is te case, that's great for 2 reasons: 1 I do not have to look at that eye cancer also know as  "From Software UI" (seriously are those 3 bars still place holders from Alpha testing?) and 2 my OLED TV thanks you.
Poise... power stance... COUNT ME IN!!!
Dark Souls: Breath of the Wild
wtf spoilers
Did you try the prophet starting class? Clerics are my favorite build in these kinda games Edit: while watching the video faith looks amazing and powerstancing is back !
For duels, are red phantoms summoned from a big pool of players from anywhere on the overworld or is it from a pool of players at the same summoning place as you?
9:05 Here you are, Shadowmere
Any of yall think this is enjoyable on mnk, or is a controller the optimal choice?
Did they fix the dogshit netcode? As I continue to watch it sure seems like they haven't.
Those 3 month can't go faster!!!!
Holy shit, power stance is back. It'll be awesome to have a meaningful choice between dual wielding and 2 handing.
I hope there are whips in the game
i am assuming the multiplayer is like any darksouls? no drops for phantoms
Skyrim but darksouls and with less glitch and bug and only for masochist.
Why is the audio i the intro mono?
Hmm yes POWER STANCEING I can feel the hate already.
so it is not dark souls 3 pt2 ,it is dark souls 4 but not another title which is elder ring
It's a mix of dark souls, bloodborne, sekiro, nioh, breath of the wild and skyrim
I’m so happy DS1 poise is back
i don't suppose you heard anything about the pc minimum requirements? Been looking here and there to find anything but most sites seem to just list the ones for sekiro instead. After playing, would you say that they're of the same graphical fidelity, so that there is actually some merrit to this? Or did it feel like there was way more going on?
Chalice dungeons and code vein's depths flashbacks 😢😢
Damn, no PVP horse action
Hey IP, I need to know if you can swim in this game like Sekiro, cuz there were parts where you were on your horse on the beach.
Did world progress track and progress with your coop partner? Or is it still not clear?
They brought back twinblades and powerstancing, im sold
Found any mimicks?
That snake shield is literally right out of rising of the shield hero. Someone get chasethebro to do a cosplay run.
Hey @iron pineapple, i've barely touched any souls games by fromsoft but elden ring really intrigues me. Do you think id enjoy it if ive never played a souls game before?
I hope they have muskets or matchlocks later in the game I would love to see late medieval fantasy
I can't fucking wait
Does anyone know if you can loot items and talk to npcs as a phantom in coop? Or do you still need to play through the game twice if you want to play it with a friend?
Why the graphics don’t resemble demon souls remake?
Yo, what benefits or resources do coop players get? Is it still reduced souls and a covenant item? Were there level/weapon restrictions?
"R1 attack, L1 attack"...  but there's custom controls, right?
I might actually buy a PS5 now
OMG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This game seems like its going to be everything we want from a modern Souls game. Its nice to hear this sort of breakdown and I really appreciate the effort put into this video. The way you travel around the map, the combat updates, the beautiful art and sound design. One of the few games I feel like we can get hyped for without massive disappointment these days.
Fuck. Full World Co-Op?? Hell yes. Highlander fights in the fields?? HELL YES. THERES SO MUCH AND YOU ONLY PLAYED LIKE THE FIRST PORTION. AAAAA IM ACTUALLY HYPE FOR ONCE.  I hope I can make a monk faith build with bare fists and sword and shield. Just cast fist. And actually be viable in PVP.. FUCK DUDE.
A big question I'm curious about; is there any hint that the horse can be customised somehow? Like horse armour or skins?
Me: "Yeah this game looks pretty good, I may buy it..." IP: "Power Stancing is back" Me: "SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!"
Holy Siegmeyer's titanic BALLS, Fashion Souls in this game is going to be fuckin insane. If Bloody Wolf set is a god damn STARTER SET, I can't even imagine the sheer level of drip you'll be able to achieve in the FULL GAME later on, as you progress & hoard more and more shit.
Yooo they brought back depression man
Giant crabs back 10/10 already
I would prefer it if you could keep the horse during invasions, and the invaders get their horse as well. Pvp horse fighting sounds sick
I wanna watch so bad but I don't want to spoil anything either. It looks incredible
I never played dark souls it doesn't look that good to me but I absolutely loved sekiro . Do you think there's a certain build that can make the game the most like sekiro ? AKA parry build that speeds up combat .... Great video btw
I'm seeing so many things I like. This most likely will be game of the year for me but I do feel a bit dissapointed that they weren't able up the quality of visuals, physics or animations more. That same old engine is showing its age and more modern engine would have been nice. I've seen some of those same recylced animations since dark souls 1. It's a bit funny that remake of the oldest game in the series outsourced to 3rd party dev (Bluepoint Games) looks better than the latest game by the main studio. That horse jumping pad also looks silly as hell.
14:00 even better than Simon's bowblade? Do you think that it's possible to do a strong bow only build?
Forgive the string of comments, but something I wanna ask is did you try seeing if there's increased/vulnerability to fall damage from being pushed off a ledge by an enemy? Because being able to fight in precarious locations with the threat of falling still a thing would be awesome.
3:32   LIGMAGRAVE
Man.. fuck that crab in particular lmao.   Also, TWINBLADES and POWERSTANCING!! Let's go!
It's far too early too truly say, but there's some sort of feel here which feels makes this seem like a knock-off of From's previous games. As if a lot of the really dark, gritty and more moving that was a staple of DS1 and BB doesn't exist here. I think that's one of the complaints about the graphics, so to speak, it feels as if the atmosphere is diffused, a bit nondescript to an extent.
so poise is back and equipment is tied to strenght, is the end of dex for pvp, or maybe dex will be tied to stance resistance so you can have a dex build with a shield ? but it seems wrong
Honestly? Seems too Souls-y to me. Don't get me wrong, i will probably buy and enjoy this, but i wouldn't say that the mechanics, other than a few, actually got evolved, they merely got very polished, which is still good but not the same. Point 1: some enemies, and the general art direction reminds me wayyyy too much of dark souls to be able to distinguish the 2 games. Point 2: a bunch of spells and animations seem the same. Point 3: Has the combat actually improved that much? Sure, counter attacking is there and it's cool but when it comes to bosses, from what i have seen it is still a rolling fest, meaning you cannot really stand your ground like in sekiro, which i really liked. Point 4: The horse being able to phase out of existence so quickly combined with it's double jumping ability makes it seem like it's more of a vehicle suited for platforming more than a living creature. So yea, the game seems amazing and all and i may buy it, but is it really not dark souls 4: open world edition?
If pineapple head approves then I'm in.
How do you think it'll run on the older consoles (Xbox One/PS4)?
As a fellow Dark Souls 2 Enjoyer, the return of power stancing is like a dream come true. Oh and everything else as well.
what about the sidestep which was in the trailer like bloodborne?
You lie, its not out yet
POWER STANCE YEAAA BABY RING A DING DING
Did fromsoft write the script for you this time?
I see they're still lacking dynamic torch shadows? I know it's not a deal breaker for me, but I do love me some shadows.
So, I have a question. Can you parry while two-handing a sword?   I love playing a Ranger-esque, Blademaster, Wandering Swordsman, sort of archetype. A katana, longsword or some other cool looking sword, two handing that baby, and going to town. No gimmicks, no spells, pure skillzor! But I've always hated that you couldn't parry with them in Souls games. Hell, it wasn't until Sekiro until you could finally do that.  So, my question is thus: Can you parry while two-handing? I guess it's not a gamebreaker if you can't but after a decade, you'd think they'd finally implement twohanded parries for the love of!   In any case, game looks good. Can't wait to play it.
The term magnum opus would be an apt description of this game then...
Dude, Strength builds are gonna be good again. Dex has always been slightly more powerful and had side effects (less fall damage, quicker cast time, ect). Now with equip load being attached to it, and poise being added so you can poise through with the slower strength weapons, this is going to make the PvP and PvE alot more dynamic between Strength and Dex.
Really wish they added deflection :(
Well that’s it I don’t need to see anything else!! Shit looks super epic and it’s time to go dark and wait until I get to play to learn everything blind
How progression works for summons? Same as Dark Souls with  resummoning and beating game twice?
OMG.. sorry MHRise. Elden Ring won my wallet.
a few "days" early???! its releasing 26th of february my dude
Iron pineapple is a confirmed a mountain goat
the king of souls games
Is there horse armor?
This will be by far, my favorite game of all time when it launch
9:21 Yes Abso-fuckin'-lutely! Exploring is my favorite thing to do in games even if there's not really anything to find It's why I like Breath of the Wild as much as I do Hell it's why love Metroidvanias and really most of From's games I don't care if I necessarily get rewarded for exploring, I just want it to feel good to explore
I've been waiting for this!!!Now I thirst for mature, salty sweet Elden Iron Pineapple knowledge!! If you have the time, please let me know:  - Did you find any fist weapons? What do they scale with? - If equip load is tied to strength, how heavy are the strong DEX/INT/FTH weapons compared to DS3? - Are there other item options for healing besides bloody tears ?  - Can you do anything as a host to banish invaders besides killing them? - Since you get sleep arrows, is there an equivalent for other ailments or urns? - What other ailments are present in the demo? I saw jellyfish, can you get paralyzed? - How well does your mount steer? Sharp turns, U-turns and jump-turns? - Can you roll attack with your bow? - Do arrows count towards your weight limit?  - What's SphereHunter doing in Elden Ring!? That's all for now, thanks.
Did anyone else feel slightly uncomfortable when they were all jumping?
Holy fuck I'm at a loss for words One of my favorite games, ASHEN, YEAH THAT EXISTS BTW, that open world feel with souls stuff worked so well, seeing from pull it off themselves ugh my god, and the graphics are amazing, I'm just fucking amazed and so so so excited for this It's literally the culmination of all games before, I shouldn't need to explain why
Dear IronPineapple Why do you make good content?
Ok I'm sold. I haven't played a dark souls game since the first one (tried 3 and lost interest halfway through) and I have to say, _this_ is what I was waiting for. Lets fucking *GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.*
I don't remember anyone talking about it or I might have missed it, but is there equipment durability?
I love how you said everything I wanted to hear in the first minute of the video. Trying hard to avoid any spoilers. Thanks :)
Game of the year 2022🤷‍♂️
Im so glad real poise is back. Dark Souls 3 PvE was ruined because they balanced it for PvP. Poise working on enemies but not on the player was such a terrible idea.
EVERY fromsoft game? *daydreams of chromehounds*
Now the real question is, is there mechanic like Hollowing/Embered like in other souls games or is that non-existant in Elden Ring?
Can you explain magic requirements and scaling into a little more detail? I've noticed there are a lot of different spell "schools". The classic blue for magic, but also some purple-ish ones. Not to mention Fire and Blood(?). There seem to be also some physical miracles and lightning ones(like old from soft games). Do these different spell types all scale off/require the same stats(int for magic and faith for miracles) ? Or do we have mixed spell types like Dark and Pyromancies? It would be cool if some spell types had different requirements/stats ratio.
Hyyppppppeeeeee
Just hope they dont nerf things so hard that they are pretty much unusable.
13:21  awesome katana motion  After seeing the more advanced motion than in Dark Souls 3, all my worries disappeared.
Quick question, pyromancer still a thing I can be? And is it still split between int and faith?
Elden Ring Pacifist Run confirmed
I feel like having the first fall a player takes be a fall that hurts you is actually super helpful in indicating to players that sometimes you'll have to make leaps of faith for one simple fact: It didn't *KILL* you. Previous FromSoft games, you fall thirty feet you're stone-cold dead. The fact that the fall only *HURTS* you is super important at communicating "Hey, you'll have to be careful, sometimes you can Try Down without instantly dying.
Was Dark Souls 4 fun?
Did you get a chance to try out pyromancy? Is it different in this game?
Poise bois are comming back
24:20 "hmm someone died here....i wonder what danger this poor soul befallen of" "..." "..." "Oh he's just clumsy"
Is this game as difficult to play as bloodborne?
is the game spooky?
Watched a couple of playthroughs and found the bosses too easy to kill. Will there be a way to make the game a few notches harder? It honestly looks easier than I expected it to be.
19:54 Jojo pose gesture confirmed!!!
DARK SOULS 2 2
DARK SOULS 1 POISE IS BACK BABY WOOO
I can't wait to destory some gankers.
I'm just happy that Twinblades are finally back. Spin to win baby!
I think the biggest update here..is the jumping..we can fucking jump bois let's gooooo.
To the horse double jump section.. ypu are not completely right. In vaatis video you can see that it was actually usefull to jump up the rock formations because he discovered a hidden dungeon entrance, that also could only be accessed from this spot.  Edit: I just noticed this was your coop experience lol
*Lone Wolf Ashes* summons three wolves  Is this t-shirt reference? :D
I didn't get my code so this is my playtest
Best FromSoftware game?
It's admirable how much From Soft can learn from itself and build on top of what it has already done. In any of their games you can see and feel that FromSoft DNA, be it continued themes, mechanics or design phylosophies, they're always learning and evolving. And hearing that Elden Ring is the culmination of more than a decade of these practices makes me very excited for the full game.
5:44 Twinblades are back! 10/10, 100/100, best game, BEST GAME!
8:50 i guess we should not sleep on sleep arrows? eh? eeeeh?
Trap chest still in game? miss mimic death cheese
Elden ring: "look at them trying to replicate a fraction of our power"  Skryim modders: "desperately trying to replace shitty skyrim combat with souls mechanics"
Because of how open it is i have question. What are the chances of encountering enemies out in open?
7:55 fuck this bird
I just hope there will be more weapon types than there are in the network test
You mentioned that some weapon arts are limited to damage types like slashing, but what about the different weapon classes like bows or even staves? Also out of curiosity are any of the casting tools you used viable in melee combat similar to Dark souls 2?
How does the movement feel compared to Sekiro? Is it fluid?
I really didn’t enjoy how fast you talked. It didn’t ever feel like you were taking a breath. Just … pls consider slowing down.
So, if i play alone i cant get invaded until i use some items??? Cant i pvp random?
Do magic users have any way of regaining FP other than the flask? I would rather allot my flasks for health in case I make multiple mistakes, and really don't want to horde all my magic for a boss fight.
Dude I didn't expect you to be able to cover everything as well as you did in this video. Every question or doubt I had about the game seems to have been addressed here. 😮
Can my faith/dex build finally be viable?
Okay I gotta ask, did you manage to find the moonlight greatsword?
I'm happy you got into the network test. Thank you for showing your experience with us <3 Can't wait for this game!
CRABS
Did they fix multiplayer bosses
Oh Fromsoft. Still one of the rare ones making good games
Can we go to the last boss at the beginning of the game like in Zelda?
This surely feels unreal to be possible. I want to be hyped and i have trust in from soft but there is always that voice sitting in the other room saying calm down due to other companies fucking up their games
Glad you got to test the game, it looks great
Yes! But does it have an easy mode for single players? ;)
I haven't watched much videos because I don't want to spoil the game for myself due that I'm going to buy it on release. I only have one question though, not that important but it's cool to know. Does it have stealth takedown like Sekiro, or is it the usual Dark Souls backstabs?
I'm guessing you can't, but in coop can your mate grab any loot too?
So fire spells are Faith now? I can dig that. Torn because I always go pyro but Int spells LOOK awesome.
What do the system requirements look like?
Is there a password system for coop? Like, could I go in and meet up with a specific friend?
@Iron Pineapple how do you live with tasting the forbidden fruit?!  ok seriously fromsoftware be damned for letting people already test and review it... it's been a long time since I've been hyped for a game I seriously need to stop watching right now or else I'm gonna go crazy before the year is over x)
My wife and I are geeking the fuck out cannot wait ty all involved!
Used 5 emails.  Didn't get ps4 code.  The tears sting my face -an elden ring Haiku
I think having a drop that hurts you in the tutorial is a good thing since it shows you exactly how far you can fall before hurting yourself.
How's armor? Is it hardly noticeable?  Not being critical, just curious for the Fashion Souls.
Question can you place your summoning sign inside of dungeons or is it only in the overworld? Sorry if you already answered that in the video😅
God I need to get a PS5 for this.
I'm going turn a blind eye on similar gameplay and kinda outmoded (not awful by any mean) graphics and give this game a try. Nethertheless I still have this unpleasant filling that From and Miyazaki  starting bite into their own asses.
If you have powerkick via bare right hand, can you riposte by your left hand with weapon?
Do you think this would be a good introduction game for newer players? I'm just wondering because I have multiple friends who I've been wanting to introduce to the souls games but I'm not sure which game they should start out with.
Both ymfah and iron pineapple mentioned the open network test. Will there be a second test for everyone to play in the future?
Is there a grace period for cooperators after boss fights?
it all looks so chefs kiss
I NEED IT
It's just as beautiful as I imagined.
I still wish we could use mounts in online though. I feel like it would've been a lot of fun.
so happy to see this game. love the ds series with its berserk vibe but it always felt too linear for me. this game looks like everything i dreamed of when thinking about a berserk video game. hope it feels the same when i play it.
What’s The feeling relative to DS3? I loved the atmosphere of three, I could never fully understand or immediately immerse myself in a souls game prior to bloodborne and then DS3. Is Elden similar?
The map seems to be wildly large, too. From what I'd seen you spend pretty much the whole test around only one of the Erd trees, and from what we saw of the map in the gameplay reveal, that tree is probably like less than a quarter of the map.
Will Elden ring only be for PlayStation? Because if that is true I will never be able to play it because I will never be able to afford it sad I really wanted to play it too I would just hate it had to be another blood-borne type game that means you can only play it on PlayStation that would just hurt my soul
it has the beautiful graphics of DS3 which still looks good today in my opinion
"Its like Skyrim with darksouls and have a little for every one." -IGN.
elden ring is the dark souls of demon's souls
The hype just keeps rising...
How many people can you summon for co-op? 2 or 3?
the player builds are gonna be insane
Jellyfish buddy was so cute 🥺
11:48 are we just not going to talk about the fact that the sheep roll around in this game 😆
I'm just over here smiling at how the chargable magics and sheer amount of split-up-beam magics reminds me of Otogi: Myth Of Demons. My first From game that I didn't even know was from...well...From. Cos god DAMN some of the chargables in that were good.
Wow.  This game just sounds better and better the more info comes out.  I don't care about any of the online or PVP components since I play singleplayer offline typically.  Damn I'm excited for this game.   I really would have liked to have upgraded my PC before release, but I think the best I'll be able to do is buy  decent  gen 4 m.2(even though I only have gen 3 on my mobo,, so I can take advantage of that when I upgrade when pricing isn't crazy) and at least improve load times on any games I want to play.  Thank you for all the detail in this video; definitely the most detailed one I've watched so far.  I haven't gotten around to playing DS2(have SotFS on steam), but powerstancing does look cool.  So many different combat options in this game.    I rarely do magic or faith builds but will likely try those and enjoy them in ER.
Oh look... Another poisonous swamp.
What's confusing me at the moment is that the network test on PS4 is only 6 gbs, are we gonna download more when the time comes or is it really that small?
I’m on crack
they gave you 30 hours does that mean the game is double or triple that length?
If I didn't get into the network test, what do I do with my life
The power stances and rhythmic combat alongside the lore and game design is enough to get me interested upon the game. It looks awesome I can't wait.
maan now im worried about dex builds, with strength being tied to vitality  now
POWERSTANCING IS BACK?!?!?!?!?
How does the difficulty generally compare to other FS games? Super cool that you got the chance to do this, and thanks for sharing your experience with it!
How important are leveling and weapon upgrades to this game, both for pve and pvp? Can a person who just started the game coop with or fight against someone who's been playing for ten hours? Will a heavy defense build allow a player to tank through tons of hits like you see with DS1 twinkers?
P O W E R S T A N C E
Do you progress together in coop? I.e. if I help someone beat a boss, is that boss defeated for me as well?
5:46 twin blades back baby
how much will you bet on this game is having a new map dlc?
This makes me so excited to get it.
They need Dark Soul Cuckoos that attack you in mobs
"The PVP meta discussion, the real reason you're here"  Me: nope!
Me and my friends are curious about co op as we never tried it in dark souls either. Does progress get kept between both players? Like if I kill a boss on my friends world what happens to my own world? Is it the same thing for items and loot? And does co op make the game too easy?
So I’m subbed to 20 or 30 dark souls streamers and looks like I have a shit ton of vids to watch on this. Lol
Do summons leave after boss fights?
How bad is fall damage? It seems like sometimes there’s none but also there was some in the beginning
I suppose like DS2, miracles will probably get nerfed too, LOL.
Don't wanna spoil myself so I'm stopping a minute in, that's all I needed to know, thanks 👍
Easy Ring
Okay! Now I'm hyped! :D
DS1 poise and no guaranteed combos... that basically means THE LEGEND NEVER DIES
For the CNT which class would you suggest running with? Personally I was in favor of Bloody Wolf but the Enchanted Knight looks bonkers.
Yo Pineapple. Does your co-op partner get booted out of your game after defeating a boss? Thanks.
HELP, I CAN’T CONTAIN MY EXCITEMENT.
hopefully my junk pc manege to open this game. HOPEFULLY
Are the loot only for the host or the coop player can loot some crafting element or stuff ?
OOOOOOOOOOOH, ELDEN RING
Is it worth it for I new player of dark souls
Man I hope I dont die before Elden Ring comes out. My mortality is always my number 1 concern when I'm hyped this much
Feeling pretty positive about everything I'm seeing here with the exception of the PVP quirk you mentioned where you aren't able to get multiple consecutive hits? That just seems like a major step backwards to me. Maybe I'll feel differently while actually playing, but at the moment that change is feeling exceptionally dumb. It essentially rules out weak-but-fast weaponry and is going to make all PVP fights a trade of poising through ultra greatsword swings until the person with the slightly better build is left standing.
Hey iron pineapple are there lightning miracles? Like sunlight spear type stuff lol
Ty for the the game is good now bye ;) see you in few months
As someone that love how (kinda) straightforward-ness of sorcerries, it's a bit sad that it's seems to get less love each times from Fromsoft.
I like the idea of being able to "cheese" overworld boss fights. More sandbox-type thinking in gameplay gets me excited to experiment.
It looks cool but somewhat dated graphics wise
Can't wait for them to perfect all this new stuff in another non main Souls game.
im crying
Disappointed to see 60fps framerate. Still going to play it though only after fps unlock mod is created.
DAM SUZI WAS GAMIN TOO?!
Based off the thumbnail alone it's nice to see someone finally acknowledge the button layout. With so many new options and dedicated buttons I was curious as to how they'd arrange the layout, gotta train my muscle memory now for February (I didn't get a code 😞)
Okay, when someone uses a PRE-RENDERED CINEMATIC TRAILER to say the graphics have been downgraded, they have not only lost my interest in listening to them anymore, but I now consider them to be complete and total dunces in every way.  From what I've seen of this network test so far, the game looks stunning and even better than the early gameplay we saw.
i cant wait for this game now
how's character creation? did you find any like, lore documents or anything? ya meet patches yet? are there any weapons that are an entirely new type from any other souls game? sorry if any of these questions are redundant i wanted to catch you before you left, im halfway thru
Excellent video! Filled me with hype and I’m even more excited to try out the network test this weekend.
Dark Souls 2 best game, big agree. Glad power stancing is back!
Equipment Weight being tied to Strength means that Poise will probably be more limited to Strength Builds or Fat-roller builds, which is thematically the most appropiate for that type of character - a big ass iron armored guy with a massive sword. It never made since for a katana-wielding "dexterity" character to be wearing Full Plate and rolling around at mach 10 while still being as tanky as a dude with a huge hammer.
It's dark souls with a mount. Literally everything looks the same. From Soft is a one trick pony.
Sad I wasn’t able to get into the network test, but so happy to hear the game is amazing and can’t wait to get my hands on it
lowkey i kinda want a rolling goat gif
After watching many YouTubers review on Elden gameplay, I gotta say: *Their gameplay, commentary and footage is better than the Elden official gameplay video.* They have even answered some doubts I had. Im starting to get more excited. Thank you FromSo for letting them just play, enjoy it and share it.
I think that NPC that kind of looks like Santa Claus is holding a really long necked Shamisen that also doubles as a bow. Since he has bright colors and a musical instrument, maybe he's a Bard?
I like to think that the spirit summoning mechanics are directly inspired from Fromsoftware's earlier games Lost Kingdoms I & II (Rune in japan), and I hope to see more of it.
With no exaggerating whatsoever, this game will legit keep me going. I've been in a Not So Good Place for a time now, but seeing this has just filled me with hope that, maybe things won't be so bad for long. I guess you could say my Humanity has finally been restored...
POISE IS BACK BAYBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE FUCK YEA BIG STOMPY POISE BOIS ARE BACK
I almost cried watching various gameplay videos, this game looks like it'll scratch the itch I've been looking for in a videogame for so long. I still need to get my hands on a PS5 but I really want one now more than ever. Also thank you for going in depth with everything you've noticed in your demo playthrough, really sold me on this game.
How heavily does Sekiro inspire this game? It is a major fear of mine that this will feel too Sekiro like and not enough Souls like.  I have thousands of hours in the Dark Souls series and truly adore the games but I hated Sekiro so much I simply stopped playing it. Not due to difficulty but that I found it dull both story and combat wise with it feeling too cliché Japanese in places. Controversial I know. It felt like a Tenchu reboot rather than a Souls game and going into it hoping for a Souls game left me disappointed. Perhaps if I went into it hoping for a Tenchu game I could have appreciated it.
I'm more interested in the world exploration; the simple combat mechanics (ER still looks like it lacks a lot of depth that most action games have) and janky laggy minmax pvp still doesn't appeal to me. Reusing the exact same enemies, animations, and SFX as the older games is also indefensibly lazy.  That being said it's disappointing to see a series of games that started out with rejections of modern AAA game design fully embrace it and become just like every other open-world action RPG. Nothing in ER looks like it's taking the kind of risks that Demon's Souls did, and a lot of what I hear about the design (boring bandit camps to clear out, fast travel from everywhere, little lights telling you where to go, giant beams of light in the world, Skyrim compass, Ubisoft towers, next to no fall damage) just doesn't sound good to me. It suggests they gave up on proper level design because they know that it'd be frustrating to explore their world without fast travel, so they just gave up and let you avoid the hassle of a journey entirely.
POWER STANCING LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
This is the exactly what i expected. I'm more hyped now. Thank you very much for the video!
"Arcane affects item luck and some spells" yo someone get Vaati on this stat because something ain't right here, if Elden Ring turns out to be a stealth Bloodborne sequel/prequel I'm loosing my shit.
That's good to hear. Not watching anymore but thanks for the headsup.
Iron Pineapple: "Man, this game is just good. I'm so happy. If that's all you were curious about then, there you go."  Well alright then, thank you. *clicks out of video*
Is the password system back for summoning or there's some other way of getting cooped up with a friend who took out a months worth of off days and played non stop and massively out leveled everyone (Who is definitely going to be me. I have no shame)
God I hope this runs on my PC... got a i5 4460 3.2ghz and  a gtx 960 2gb... and terrified its not gonna run, specially since I cant upgrade any time soon.
Holy shit they just went all out with this huh? all those awesome spells, AND they can be charged?! Snake whip shield?! This much content in the first area?! (they probably put quite a bit of later game stuff in the first area for the sake of letting people test things out, but this is still awesome). I was thinking I could wait for 3 months, but now I don't know.
I'll be honest, that's a lot more content than I expected the network test to have.
The gaming community is trash nowadays, if they cant complain about a bad game or p2w they'll try to find anything to cry about. Its sad and pathetic.
Oh well, fiiiiine. *wishlisted*
Honestly, "big Dark Souls level made of many little Dark Souls levels" is exactly what I was hoping the open world would be.
Seems very good, the pvp looks nice too ! I'm not sure i'll like the poise tho, will see.
i feel like want to watch it and don't want to watch it at the same time ,
Seeing how the game empowers you with many new mechanics and ways to take down enemies, I can already see the toxic souls fans complaining that Elden Ring is "too easy" (yeah, you know who you are, you morons), even though From Software already said that they were gonna tune down the difficulty a few.
Time to sell my nipples!
Learn to be more critical. Review is a snooze.
Was it similar to breath of the wild in terms of traversal and the placement of points of interest?  Points of interest being enemy clumps, secrets, and npcs.
I hope you can make some tutorials about different builds and querks the game has to offer!
Are they making use of the PS5 Dualsense triggers like Bluepoint did with the Demon Souls remake?
ok.. now were is the guts sword from *Berserk* ?
Can't wait
I still can't not see it as a really polished DS3 mod, which is a great or dissapointing thing depending on what part of From you really cherish.  It's not that they couldn't make it unique, they made Sekiro in like less than 2 years and it's unbelievably different. It's a choice, not one that I really love but I know a tons of people will
Quick question about ash of war. Are they consumable or can you switch them around freely?
awesome!!!
Are there any other 'rewards' for a summon, aside from whatever currency's used for leveling up? What I mean is, are there incentives for the coop partner to assist in the exploration of the world, and not just wanting to get straight to the boss so they can get their currency? EDIT: Like, can they pick up additional items like crafting materials or anything else like that?
I agree the graphics look a little bit worse than Dark Souls 3 but whatever I've never played souls games for the graphics
The words "Power Stancing" are all I needed to hear, holy shit I'm hyped like nothing else
I can't stress enough how I loved the spell effects in this game.
If I join another player's world and we do 4 hours of content like killing bosses and such, and then I go back to my world, will none of those things I did with them happen in my own world? If so, does that mean if I was playing with my friend, we'll have to play the game twice? I've played DS2 and we did this. We did stuff on my world and then theirs so essentially playing the game twice. Appreciate any feedback!
Does the overworld all start looking the same after a while?
I need it
Alright I'm convinced Elden ring wont just be my game of the year, itll be my game of the century. What you said about coop and pvp got me so hyped
Can’t wait to boot this game up in a cheat config file and fuck around with everything lol
Just needed to hear one of the best games I've ever played. Ima certainly buy it now
I really hope that magic/miracles are actually viable in this game, I wanna be a wizard not a knight that occasionally throws out a spell or two! I wanna use my sword as little as possible! (Same with bow builds)
I hope we get a few transforming weapons like we had in Bloodborne.
Ghost of tsushima in a nutshell
9:26 Banjo Kazooie anyone?
I hope we can customize our horse with armor or even find unique mounts maybe in a mini DLC?
Why is it that some games get covered ad nauseum before release to the point their almost spoiled vs other titles you don’t find out till that shit is out next week
Is Pyromancy not a thing anymore?
Please does anyone know if ER will have different armor sets and armor pieces you can equip??
When I heard Elden Ring was open world I was fairly concerned about how From would handle balancing the world so content designed for the earlier part of the game wouldn't become a breeze. Did this appear to be a problem during your play, or is the world balanced so content is challenging no matter when you encounter it?
it looks like dark souls 2^2
You had me at Dual Lance
must be nice....heh.
That bird kill from 7:54 reminded me so much of the Monty Python bit from Holy Grail. Bird is just straight chilling and you suddenly ride up and horse back and end him.
The comeback of the dark souls 1 poise is one of the best news I have received in a lot of time.
I didnt want to get spoilerd but fuck it
Guess I'm making a powerstanced build on my first playthrough, so happy it's back.
I always turn off stamina outside combat in dragon dogma and turn on town running animation. It feel much better. However  dragon dogma is about short of immersion and realism of a fantasy setting and I appreciate that.
I've never been so hyped for a game before
Im so jealous of you I wish I could play Elden Ring already. But do you think it’s more beginner friendly compared to the other games?
I don't understand the game is long 8 hours if u play only the story??
Cant wait for the memes
I got to boot camp 6 days before the release which is really cringe
eeby deeby
Man this looks like it'd feel like genshin but it's dark souls and I love it
what's your take on all the reused animations from other Souls games? Do you consider it lazy? I was kinda miffed the first time I saw the previews, hoping ER would distance itself more from the souls games
Do you feel the magic is going to be overpowered? I had a lot of fun doing a Magic Warrior build in Demon Souls, but I had to stay away from projectile based magic attacks because it felt cheap.
Power Stance? Where are the smelter swords
There is no one I trust more to give me an honest opinion on a Souls game. Appreciate the info! I most definitely will buy it.👌
This has the potential to beat bb (my favorite game of all time)
“Feel free to die in a ditch somewhere.” Ah yes... I longed for the return of such inspiring dialogue from a FromSoft game
Confused about controls. X= jump so why can’t square = interact and then triangle can stay the same.
poise, power stance, weapon arts, jump, horse, invasions  Im crying rn
Fromsoft is a gift from the gods
I would have hoped a man as a waifu  this time 😭
pineapple is there spiders i hate spiders this game better not have spiders can you tell I dont like spiders?
be honest, we all thought that the guy in 4:05 was a masked woman
Elden Ring is the Open World of Dark Souls
I'm a die hard fan of the soulsbourne/sekiro games, but something about Elden Ring just isn't grabbing me and I'm not sure why. It seems kind of....bland? Sekiro was such an amazing breath of fresh air and Elden Ring just isn't giving me the same feeling. Maybe I need to play it for myself to really get it, because all the previews have been really positive so far.
You actually played 30 hours of it? How big do you think the full game will be at release if the demonstration of the Network Test had so much content to it?
what have you done to me mate :) how can i wait to feb now.
How is leveling and enemy difficulty handled? Are there hard areas or do enemies and bosses just scale with you?
Do we know if crossplay will happen or will I be spending twice the bread
I pray to god that the caestus made it to elden ring. Fist fighting has been my MO in all these games and I wanna go off in this open world with just my hands.
Is that the only Blood related ability/magic?  (The one where he stabbed himself and caused some sort of Blood thorn explosion) 14:50
I think it’s ok that they showed fall damage since a lot of people thought they was going to be no fall damage at all for some reason
So... where is the ring?
We can finally make a viable faith build, I bet the Old Man is gonna be pretty happy.
i  can see youre super hyped, but for some reason i expected a less biased thoughts video. oh well
hmmm not sure i like the weapon art restrictions. i need my simple great mace, my paladin build needs to regen mana
Man this is so beautiful
Yeah... it's Dark Souls 4
Penguin !!?
I can't wait to see runs of someone beating the game without rolling on a guitar hero controller.   P.S. is there some way to regenerate FP passively or do you use flasks like DS3?
Fromsoft dev: *see Skyrim's horses Fromsoft dev: "aight, put it in the game"
I’m genuinely curious. Are we aloud to stream the network test this Friday? I’m so incredibly excited for this and I’d love to stream it!
mid/long raned snake shield/poison whip?  The Rising of the Shield Hero time
is there sidestepping during combat like bloodborne? always felt better than rolling .
Will the Melee Focus build be too weak this time? I see the magic and miracle are very decent this time
It’s good to hear that ds1 poise and ds2 power stances (with Sekiro stealth as well) are going to be in the game. I’m honestly pretty hyped.   Additionally, I’m not normally a person whose that interested in a game’s graphics and art design ... unless it’s really, really good. Which I have to say that the game is giving me the same “jumped into a painting” that botw sometimes gave me. But rather then then water colors it’s a mix of gothic, lovecraft, and Celtic styles - or, better yet, it’s like I’m seeing a interactive panel from the berserk manga.
with powerstancing being a thing again, I can only hope for some crazy combinations with the new weapon arts
They should put a timer on invading solos as to avoid the getting kicked off the horse randomly problem. Or have sections where you can be unconditionally invaded.
15 seconds in. I see crabs. I dont need anymore info im going to play it
still think they should allow solo players to be invaded - maybe not in the open world, as you mention, since that would kick them off the horse (and might lead to weird shenanigans if you're in the middle of a wind stream while the invasion occurs, for example), but definitely once you reach a dungeon and can't be mounted there. if we want the PvP scene in this game to last a long time, and ideally we do, there needs to be an easier entry point than "okay deal with all these gank squads" for players trying to get into it or to try to un-rust with
Must buy
would you say that ER would be a good title as someone's first From Soft game?
I’m gonna kiss you.  lucky ass .
Well shoot. Jumping up to places I'm not supposed to be _and_ not having to run for a solid 2 minutes every time I die to a boss? I'm actually excited for a From Software game for the first time since Dark Souls 2. I'm also looking forward to that Old Man finally posting a miracle build :P
EQUIP LOAD IS LEVELED WITH STRENGTH???? HELL YEAH!!!!!
Now to wait for a PS5 to actually be in stock.
Wait, did you know you were co-oping with Sphere hunter?!
The real question is... does the bowling head guy drop his helmet?
will be fun
Elden Rings is more than Dark Souls 3.2 ... Right. Elden Ring is DARK SOULS 4.
The modding community is gonna love this game.
omg this intro is golden. and the end is wholehearted haha
Its just dark souls 3 part 2
Um, if it’s finished, why are they waiting until after the holidays to release it?
From soft in their first attempt has made a more explorable open world than rockstar has in ages.  And yes all it takes is a fucking jump button.
The Old Man will finally make that damn miracle build.
are there rings or an equivalent?
10:29 'SCUSE ME, WHERE DID THOSE WOLVES COME FROM?  ...are wolves part of the dynamic weather system?  (also you put this out SUPER quick, esp. for how thoroughly informative and well-edited it is, how much sleep have you gotten these past few days?)
Unknown if this was asked before but im curious. How did the "estus" system feel? I disliked magic in 3 exclusively due to having to split your healing items with fp regenerative ones. Is it still split or do you receive a set amount of each?
Great, now Dark Souls MMO is inevitable.
So dark souls with a jump button. Say no more fam, that's all I've ever wanted
Darks souls 4!! Let's not pretend it's something else. Love souls!
LETS GOOO BABY POWER STANCE IS BACK
How was the lag during pvp? Do you think that they managed to improve the netcode this time around?
Did you try going from magic casting to melee blasting? If so, was it smoother than previous games? My biggest hope with Elden Ring is that they finally allow us to mostly smoothly transition from spells to sword attacks, unless the spell was very powerful. I saw that the claw spell was especially good for this, were there other examples?
In what reality is a long video "unwise"
yes please
Saying this game has bad graphics just does not compute with me. The game looks absolutely gorgeous. People like this are probably folks who judge "graphics" by a number on the spec sheet not by actually looking at the game.
Is the game hard?
Hey Mr Pineapple. Do You think the pvp community will be happy with Elden ring?
ItS lIke sKYRiM wiTh DaRK sOuLs
The game is lit. But the mount should be described more as a mountain goat, not a horse. :DD
Who really cares about the graphics, the Souls series has always been known for its technical brilliance and art direction not its graphics, if the graphics aren't the greatest but the gameplay is stellar I still count that as a win
I wish that coop was like in Nioh where you dont have to progress twice (once in your world and one time in your buddy's).
Elden Ring reminds me of the Buu arc in Dragonball Z. From has fired their editor and just doing whatever the fuck they want now with nothing held back. Undead Santa Claus that sells you weapons? In the game. Rideable longhorn cow that can double jump and climb walls like a goat? In the game. Snake shield that can bite people? In the game. Want to kill a pile of balls by summoning a giant dragon head to breath fire? In the game.
How did you feel about the overall difficulty? Do you think the multitude of added options makes enemies too easy? I can only speak as a viewer who's only seen people who are already good at souls games play but the summons especially seem to tip the balance towards making a lot of fights look easy
This is unreal. I'm dying. Although I feel so guilty watching this. I know there's no major spoilers, but part of me is like: don't watch anything till you can play!!
The co-op in these games is so ass. It makes it impossible to get friends interested in these games. Bloodborne was the worst.
"Even if you dislike that game" >which is a bad opinion btw  Yep. Iron pineapple is based.
Do weapon arts scale or rely on any stats? I want to make a strength build with that big magic sword WA
Powerstancing, so this is actually Dark Souls II 2
I can’t wait for Ymfah’s crafting only guide for Elden Ring.
7:40 after so long
*sight* invasions.... I loved to play every souls game in complete coop mode with friends and it is a big part of the Souls games, but I think invasions are utter bullcrap. Yes it is for some people fun and if you are a person who enjoys pvp good for you, but I think it should be only activated in ng+ and at your normal new game if you activate it. So you don't sour the experience for new players.
what are the classes like exactly?
Is there any indication that Hexes will be returning?
Lmao, I cant believe that guys name is actually Pumpkin Head, I love fromsoftware
*Ds1 poise is back*  WHY GOD WHY
HOLYSHIT THEY ADDED PENGUINS?
Everyone knows the best FromSoft game is Metal Wolf XD duh
Did there look like there was going to be any character customization? Am I going to be able to create my bright pink bug eyed abomination?
Are there any criticisms about Elden Ring at least in the network test that you didn't put in the video?
havent played a fromsoft since darksouls 1 im excited for this
Theres no character creator? man...
Tho I’m ashamed to say it as a dark souls fan but I hope there is a way to op out of the rolling to a dash for the dodge like in Sekiro 😬
That's  no horse, that's a big goat
Currently frothing at the mouth, I’ve loved faith builds in every souls game, overjoyed there’s GOOD damage faith spells now!
that small clip of oro and peeve fighting almost brought tears to my eyes
i would like to confirm that the "Horse" looks more like a Bulky "Mountain Goat". which explains the double-jump, and it's main use to traverse over landscape.
They spent years fine tuning this experience every step of the way making sure everything would align just as intended. Immediately bashed because Bluepoint was gift wrapped Demon Souls, spent a year making it look like sex, and *this* game doesn’t have mouth animations. People are that stupid, like, it’s not even a question anymore.
i cant stand open world games or horse gameplay or crafting. but youve presented this game alot better than the bamco trailer did
Can you swim? You ended the video near what looked like deep waters.
I CANT WAIT OMG, me  and my friend gonna play the shit outta this
I really loved power stances in ds2. Thanks Fromsoft for bringing it back. Can't wait to play this game.
I don't know if anyone asked this already, but are the npc spirit summons in any way affected by your character's stats?
The snake shield is hilarious how are there no PvP clips with it??
i don't...looove that theres no mounts available in co-op? but it makes sense.
Iron Pineapple: Elden Ring: its Sodomy
While playing through the dark souls series, I can’t count the number of times i stared at the background environments and thought to myself “man, i wish i could go explore there right now”. Hopefully this game scratches that itch.
It's Dark Souls 1, 2, 3, Sekiro all in one with added improvements. This could very well be the best Fromsoft game.
Maximilian dood, u and ymfah posted in the same hour, about the old ring game thing, best day
13:05 UM ACKSHUALY Hollowslayer and Drakeblood GS had a 3-hit R1 combo when 2-handed
"Powerstancing is back" the three most incredible words I've ever heard
How are the graphics? Do you suppose I can run it on a rx560?
Every time i saw magic in this video my jaw dropped lower and lower and lower... My 75 dollars already went to from software, now i just need to hibernate until february....
Do the ash items you use to change scaling and weapon are get consumed on one use or can we use them multiple times on different weapons? Because i'd hate to waste one on an early weapon whilst i was unaware of a better one, later in the game.
My body is not ready. This game looks way too good.
Only 30 hours ? MORE LIKE CASUAL PINEAPPLE AM I RITE
How viable do you think hybrid builds will be, and if people wanted to spread their stats a bit more to try a bunch of different things how much do you think they will be punished for it?
Yeah, it's not Dark Souls III part II. It's Dark Souls II part II.
I saw a giant energy sword, everything else is irrelevant.
POWER STANCE!!! MY BABY IS BACKKKK!!!!
This might possibly be the GOTY of 2022 already, and i absolutely can't wait to finally play it. Also, i'm REALLY happy that poise actually matters again.
elden ring broooooo i neeeed itttttttt   spongebob refrence
power stance? Can't believe from finally release dark souls 2 2
dark souls: breath of the wild
Last night I came to your youtube hoping you had posted and today you do happy days
Hold up there's a network test? How do I get In
all i want is patches to be in the game. if he is, 10/10
I always used dried fingers. I hope dried fingers get to be free or easy to do because i want to be invaded.
Great video - I'm getting really excited to play this game. So many interesting, fun looking changes to the Souls formula. Also couldn't help but notice you were playing with SphereHunter, another of my favorite creators :P
*Faith* is no longer a Joke.   Guess who's changing to a Faith Build?
This game seems like a must buy to me, also I gotta find my bae, the Uchigatana
Everyone: MY BRUTALLY HONEST OPINION Iron Pineapple: My opinion
Elden ring is looking to be everything that I wanted in it Im excited to see what more improvements they add in the coming months before release
are you also maidenless?
This looks (mechanically) better than I had hoped.  I was disappointed in the rigidity of Sekiro's combat and traversal, this looks like it completely addresses the those issues.  The apparent diversity in combat and movement looks amazing.  I'm here for the Zelda Souls, let's go!
I was expecting the game to be way different from other souls games
"Powerstancing fucking rules" Zerolenny wants to talk to you
Is the horse necessary? I really hope you don't have to depend on it
Climbing big things for aboslutely no fucking reason is the fucking best, it's like a goat instict
Blood magic????  Seems kinda nuts. Also glad miracles are back in full swing.   #faithgang
i like how invasions can just become, "lets all just jump because we can"
I can only imagine how many things will swipe the floor with my humiliated corpse out there. Can't wait.
Games look really good. Can you tell if they added feature to coop? (like progression on both save for host and for coop buddy, stop coop buddy for disappearing after killing a boss or an invader, be able to get a chest content as coop player (i don't mean stealing the content but open the chest and host and coop player can both have the content, etc....) I like souls-like games and i was sad they consider coop as a sub feature in past games. For me it was so frustrating to try to do DS3 in coop: I had to summon the other player after each death or boss and we had to do each zone two times (one on my save and one on his) in order to progress. I know souls games are not a full "coop" games but i hope they improve the way coop is designed. (sorry for my bad english ^^)
I feel like this is gonna be the best From Software game because of jumping XD
This game feels like fromsoft looked back at all of their previous work and said "what do people like?" followed by "add all of that". i am incredibly hyped
In which platform did you play it?
is the co-op progress still the same? like you still have to defeat the same boss in your world and in your friend's world?
Fuck man, my year is gone
Does the new 4 player only restriction for online feel like a good change? Or do you feel like fight clubs and huge ganks are gonna suffer as a result?
Is anyone else not a big fan of the fact that you can't play with a friend without worrying about getting invaded? I've always wanted to play co op and not worry about getting invaded by someone who has put more hours into to the game than me, but that's how it always happens. I'm just curious if anyone else has had that experience and wishes that from soft would give an option for co op to just be co op.
I honestly am not a big fan of how strength increases equip load instead of a dedicated stat, especially with how poise is going back to 1, where every weapon wants heavy armor. This will dramatically reduce build variety, making every dex build effectively a quality build. I understand that strength builds obviously need lots more equip load, but due to how every weapon class would REALLY want this poise, strength is just going to be leveled by most every build. I think Endurance would make the most sense, since strength builds also have lots of levels put into endurance due to the high stamina cost of many weapons, and endurance is already a useful stat to most builds, though perhaps endurance would be a bit OP like that. I also think a system like DS2 would be a better idea, to make some of the extremely large weapons more viable and useable on a meta level, as even in DS3 where they have a big advantage of actual poise on attacks, they still often fall flat compared to most fast weapons.
18:15 Looks like DS2 hitboxes have returned
I think the only recent open world game where even a random house could turn into some type of event was rdr2   This looks on another level from that 😳
I'm a little worried about this game. How similar is this game to Dark souls 3 compared to Froms other games? Dark Souls 3 is by far my least favourite game they've made(I have yet to play Sekiro), and it's visual similarities to 3 definitely aren't inviting.
And this was a demo?! There was so much in here!!!
If any video should have been uploaded 4K, it's this one.
Dude great video. I am hyped.
best feature from ds2 was bonfire ascetic js
This is just dark souls 4, not disappointed.
Sorry for clicking off after seeing the intro and hurting the retention rate, I just don't want too many spoilers as I want to go into the actual game blind. Hopefully a comment will satisfy the Algorithm. Glad to see you enjoyed it though, and looking forward to the full release.
This game looks so great, I can’t wait for it!
Interesting the types of addons are going to be developed
Melanin= new waifu
I have work so i can’t watch the whole thing, but i want to know if left hanging has a full moveset like ds2.
did you say 8 hours of content? is that the whole story?
Ooooh this looks SO GOOD. Makes me more disappointed I didn't get into the Tech Test, though. Great overview, and the hype is more than ever
Didn't go with "I played another souls-like you have heard of"?
Sooo how long do you think it will take inferno to add guns into the game?
I got an email from bandai namco, only for them to tell me i wasnt chosen for the test... :(
12:48 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!! HELIKOPTER MAN IS COMMING BACK AGAIN!!!
Dragons Dogma Magic 😳😨
There's a jump button?  ... There's going to be a crazy person who's going to figure out a way to kill bosses with this. [ Edit : 10:30 gives new meaning to the phrase "raining cats & dogs" ]
Your analysis is so good. Thank you for this.
Thanks for reminding me to redeem my network test code. completely forgot about it until this video popped up
holy shit, pyromancy looks so cool
Looks like a Dark Souls 3 with lots of mods. I despise the new interface FromSoftware started making in their games, those bars are made in fucking Paint. They kept the same animations from DS3/Bloodborne, couldn't they keep the interface too?
Pine, I can't watch the video right now so I don't know if you already answered this... but what do you plan to nickname the goat-horse?
I wonder what the character creator will be like.
how viable do you feel a pure spellcaster build is from you short time with the game?
Dark souls with horse.
A solid 8 hours of content in the test alone wow, Is the test area massive, or just a small area in the game because 8 hours is kind of a lot for a beta test
"I know that half of you are panicking, half of you are excited, and half of you have no idea what I just said" That's a lot of halfs.
Only the fruit I trust.
How's the net code for PVP btw? Are there any weird delays that exist in the previous games?
Oh damn you actually were allowed to share all this?
This game...I’m so excited for this game
I'm not sure what I think about ds1 poise being back, especially with str being tied to equip load, and the lack of two hit combos, this seems like it will be a super big str weapon sided game.  Which is my fav type of weapon, but I'm worried for the balancing of everything else
Man I can't wait for the speedrun
I hear powerstancing and that is all I need. Still my favorite feature from a Fromsoft game I think, for all the games issues made DS2 pvp a treat.
bookmarking this so i can watch it after playing the test this weekend!
I saw "Poise 110" and I'n satisfied already
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates🎈
You ..... lucky man x) Also, I really wonder, why didn't they call it Dark Souls IV, because this is pretty much what it seems to be (Lore and design wise at least). It could've killed some ambiguities . Because I think a lot of people, me included, were expecting something more... different, I dunno.
Demon’s Souls was supposed to be an open world Elder Scrolls knockoff before Miyazaki took the reigns, Dark Souls II had ambitions to be an open world game before the director got booted off the project…the fact that From Soft is finally putting out an open world game and it’s actually GOOD is just kismet. Third time’s the charm, baby
Someone, calm down my heartbeating.
I can't wait for "trolling people as Shrek in elden ring"
Don't know how I feel about some things so far, strength being tied to equip load seems a little limiting to me. Also DS1 poise is not really something I'm fond of at all. Lack of combos means we might not get any interesting combo weapons like the partizan in DS3 (not referring to the R1-weapon art combos, those were kinda lame most of the time.) I'm VERY glad that spells can be charged now though.
No invasions if I dont summon? Thank fucking god.
Curious question, Pineapple - what was your experience with the Champion class?  I’ve been quite drawn to them.
I got chosen for the test hehe!!! Seeing this hyped me even more and im literally thinking about the game every day.
Is there dual wield?
How many female characters have shoes?
already finished the game and hasnt even released wtf
So you're saying I can do a viable jousting knight build? Awwwwyeh
I would lov to watch your video and hear your opinion, but since demons souls, ive always played the games, without knowing shit about them and i want to keep that up. The first minute was enough to know, that they actually pulled it off.
1:04 you are right it's Ds2 2
Wow, even blood magic from added to elden ring!
It's really nice that from software evolves their combat systems based on what they've learned from previous games, unlike most developers.
Man, this is literally everything i have ever wanted from the dark souls series. It shows that From learns from their past and i'm super happy to once again embrace this level of deep design i've been so starved for. I can't wait for the release, and more importantly, for the community to spark to life once more!
Poise is back boiiiiiisssss
The accessibility features are the things always I've wanted. Souls games were always tiring and tedious to me because I'm not great at games and don't have the time and dedication needed to play them. So this finally sounds like I can play it.
For those who are into Lord of the rings; What things have you noticed that are inspired from LoTR into Elden Ring? I know 0 about LoTR but I am a Dark souls enthusiast all the way around
Ah yes magic, the definitive easy mode.
Is there pyromancy?
since the power stance is back, is there any skill that particularly dedicated to the power stance ?
im afraid that this will be one of those games that will get a terrible PC port
That kick will definitely be abused
Does the Poise work?
dont care for the pvp but everything else looks awesome, do the dungeons respawn or anything like the loot or is it a one and done, cool if it is just wondering if there was any reason to go back to it after your beat it.
I am literally crying happy tears rn.
does coop give both players progression?
Daddy is back
Damn, I'm really glad seeing all these changes to the gameplay. Looks like they really put some thought into what can and should be improved. For example that heavy armor requires strenght to use. They had it in Dark Souls 2 but only as strenght requirement and it was hardly used.
i went hollow waiting for my network key on ps5. it never came. :( great video tho! love to see the return of combat arts and even the poise system. looks to be living up to the hype.
Wow, thank you. I think the bloody finger escape from danger strat could be avoided if we're not allowed to pop one in a certain close range to others. keep it for it's intended purpose... Unless it wasn't the only intended purpose
The graphics of this game look amazing. Ppl who are complaining seem to play games just for graphics not for gameplay. Lmao
Fuck, now you got me all hyped...
imo it seems that they changed the heavy armor to have strength requirements specifically because they didn't want any ninja flipping havel katana users in this game. While I guess you could just go with a 40/40 quality build, that has its own downsides.   I'm wondering what's going to be the giantdad of this game...
Do we still have to watch Vatividia to get the Story or is it clearer this time?
Did you see any evidence of a photo mode? Thanks for the great video, have an awesome day. :)
the open world from zelda, the battle from dark souls, this game is perfect.................
<3
apart form some balancing i think needs to be done this looks incredibly promisisng
Hi! Will PVP be more seamless than it was in previous titles? I'd love a souls experience with friends where we aren't constantly having to wait to travel to locations to play together.
POWERSTANCIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING  YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
I still don't have ps5, so i will have to wait even longer
I was never too interested in soulslikes myself, but Elden Ring looks absolutely fantastic and I will definitely be playing this.
I'm so hyped!!!
Can you swin in this game?
Too bad horse is Disables on Coop.    it's nice to have a coop mounted Lancer build and Archer build.  gonna try Winged Hussar Cosplay or Genghis Khan Cosplay or Jousting Pvp.     Unless they add that feature but not gonna expect for it so.
Love details like 8:49 where the sleep-arrow'd giant tries to grasp onto an element in the world (in this case, a barricade) before slumping over asleep. He doesn't just clip through or ignore it. That's amazing for FromSoft.
Can you swim?
so happy it looks like dark souls not sekiro
Beauty
I have a question about the Spear and spear-like weapons, were they fun?  cus in the past games they've been meaningless to me since they are almost all just the same... stab, stab, stab and not much variety in the animations.  do they have cooler movesets in Elden Ring?
I can't wait to see how broken a stealth archery build will be. Especially with the sleep arrows. Also, I really hope they allow you to pause the game. At least in solo, I can't stress enough how much it bugged me that you couldn't pause dark souls, while you are playing solo. So if they allow you to pause Elden Ring, while playing solo. This will be the best fromsoft game ever.
I love how people think that CG cutscene are equal to in-game graphics and if they're any less pretty it's instantly a downgrade to rush the game
(I also wanted to comment that I'm just happy you liked the game. I'm not a soulsborne fan, but I enjoy your videos a lot and I know you've been looking forward to this.)
I hope they change the look of the hp/mana/stamina bar as they did for sekiro and bloodborne. Now it's just bland.
hey can you confirm that prism stones are in the game ?   please tell me that my prism buddies are available in elden ring i want fight club ring + funny trails in coop games :D
yea boi
we wanted to play coop start to end with my friend. Cant we play without invasions?
POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSSSEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm happy :)
Please keep making great content
If you rest at the site of grace, do all enemies respawn at the same place they used to be?
This is gonna be the first from soft game where I was around at release day, I'm so excited!
Wow. There is so, so much to talk about here, but the fact that equipment burden is tied to the strength stat is...mhwa, chef's kiss. Finally strength builds don't have to split points into another stat just to still be some degree of worse than dex builds, at least in pvp. For right now before having played the game a ton, this seems just perfect to me.  Also these are the greatest enemy designs, maybe ever. I saw the jellyfish and almost clicked away immediately so as not to have too much cool stuff spoiled. Now I wish I had :(  It only got better.
Do you feel heavy armor is actually effective and protects you? or is it pretty much useless and only used for poise like in past games?  also how does summoning your horse work? is it an item that you put in your item slots and just press it or is it tied to a button on your controller? Im curious because if its just a button it will be more convienant to summon your horse in the middle of battle as opposed to having to switch items press the button and switch back to your estus.
The first 2 minutes of what you said made me burst into happy tears for the first time in my almost 22 years of life
Well I was on the fence, but I'm convinced.  I'm definitely taking off a week of vacation the end of February - early March just so I can play the shit out of this game.
Is there any moveset variety between weapons in the same class? (Á la DS2 with r1s being horizontal and vertical for some greatswords)
I just received my email saying I am one of the Chosen undead that get to participate in the Elden Ring closed network test this weekend.
This game looks so damn good   Also Oh shit Sphere Hunter!!! Huge fan of Suzi and I wasn’t expecting this crossover  😂😂
I know it’s not important (specially considering how great the game looks) but I’m curious about character customization.
"Powerstance is back" Me: automatic buy on day 1
Bro please tell me you'll stream this game when it comes out, if I'm gonna watch anyone playing it, it HAS to be you no joke
how this game doesn't look good to people is beyond me. the graphics and art style look phenomenal.
Which is better: Elden horse or Skyrim horse?
So I have been asking around: How was the Ranged combat with the bow? Was it any better than Dark Souls?
Elden ring is like finding a suitable porn for so long, and you finally found it in the page of 2069
did magic follow the categorizes of dark souls? was there a lot of say lightning miracles and just magic spells or was there a bit of a mix? magic looks really cool this time around at least from my initial impressions here and i might actually want to play around with it for once outside of bloodborne where the "spells" were just thematically too awesome not to use imo  also string instrument merchant looks like santa
I am in love, tysm for the video
your videos are always a godsend -- you have a wonderful way of getting details across, and your love for the stuff you review shines through -- Thanks for helping me get even more excited for this one
Power stance is good and all but... WHERE IS MY BLUE FLAME!!?
19:18 cant wait to get that helm and chest in game when i attempt my spear builds :D we truly are blessed by bandai namco
Pretty glowing praise. I look forward to trying it soon.
One question I have regarding the open world is, once the mini boss or the group of enemies of that area have been cleared, does that render that area uninteresting for the rest of the game?
Dark Souls: Breath Of The Wild
"Theres never one that seems to be overwhelmingly the majority favorite"  Thats because Bloodborne is a PS Exclusive so not everyone could play it
Amazing work on this video, this looks like such an incredible move forwards from the dark souls games!
You and Vaati on the Elden Ring gameplay thank god I cannot wait 2 great commentators
someone: its just ds3 2 in open world me: omg now I definitely gonna buy it
Everything seems great, especially the new weapons which seem to combine the best of Dark souls 2 & 3 weapon design. The new online is definitely a bummer though. Online keeps getting less sandbox every new From game
Can the game be paused though?
My biggest question is enemy leveling, will bosses in the overworld level up as you do to prevent it from being too easy or all they all static?
With a torrent of bait articles being spammed on Twitter by media such as PCGamer lying through their teeth saying the open world is empty and boring-  Seeing this genuine review is a breath of fresh air.
penis?
This looks so much better than I dared to hope, get hype.
Nice.
were there any fist weapons in the test? What happens if you try to two hand your offhand if your offhand is empty? In DS3 I liked to offhand the caestus cause it would sheath the mainhand weapon. Its a minor touch, but it adds a lot to the feel of the game for me, stowing my weapon and pulling it out when I'm ready to fight. If powerstancing is back then I guess that would mean fist weapons are probably separated again so you need 2 of them to power stance, making the caestus weapon sheathing trick not possible anymore.
Is the FP system the same as ds3, where you need to sacrifice healing items to replenish your fp? Or is there some other way to replenish FP? Magic looks so cool in this game, but i hated so much the fp system of ds3.
Too many spoilers, would've liked to hear more general impressions first
It's probably too early to tell, but it feels like ranged (run and gun) builds could totally dominate melee focused players in pvp.
POWERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRSTANCE BABYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
I’m not watching the gameplay but rather listening to your thoughts, I can’t bring myself to spoil it
1:43 I think the did it to show the player that fall damage is waaaayyy less than in Dark Souls, so that then players are encouraged to use it for exploration
The “invaders are martyrs “ narrative going on with all dark souls YouTubers and normies is annoying. When I invade someone I know very well I’m am being annoying. I just need some ember. I don’t go around complaining “oh no I have a whole npc mob tanking for me but the host summoned a phantom to help him with the boss:(. Oh no it’s a gank! I’m being ganked oh no someone please help me” stfu
were you able to find any big clubs/big smashy hammers?
Totally thought that merchant npc was dressed as Santa.
Magic seems way too OP doesn't it?
That's no horse, that's a rideable mountain goat.
Mr Pineapple, should I indulge myself and watch your glorious video or should i ollie my tower shield off a trebuchet
Since I never guess Ps+, PvP was never my thing
The way they changed pvp for elden ring seems like the least toxic out of all the souls games.
14:10 FromSoft really elevated the magic in this one holy crap
Im so hyped for this game. Looking forward for the network test on the weekend. I put all the time slots in my calender, so that I dont forgt one. Thanks for this great Video, no im even more hyped
turned off the video when he said disliking dark souls 2 is the wrong opinion. no longer a credible source of information
I am kind of disappointment you didn't touch on the difficulty of the game. Is it easier or harder, or is it about the same as previous FromSoftware titles?
10:50 You can thank Ubisoft for all of these common open world pitfalls, they were created in assassins creed and have plagued open world games ever since (specifically the "Capture this tower and it shows you its section of the map" and subsequently, "Here's a bunch of collecting/pointless quest markers to distract you from the main gameplay").
I had a feeling this game would really be indebted to Dragon's Dogma design wise, but this just solidifies it. so excited to try the co op stuff!
Really appreciated how you broke things down! Very comprehensive and loved what you showed! Keep killing it! And thanks for all the great content!
Hi IronP - can you advise if two handed sword blocks block 100% now or if it's same as usual Dark Souls around 75-85%?
I’m so glad they brought back Charged Spells from the Dark Souls 2 Network Test! You showed up once and vanished, but I never forgot you!
How do you feel about reused animations, sounds, enemies? Because many people think it will remind of dark souls 3 too much. I is probably not overwhelming, but still is it that notisable?
The new shield riposte mechanic is literally the embodiment of the meme "Parry this you filthy casual"
I think I might have to finally play a mage. Those spells look awesome.
Are the ashes of war one time use or are they permanent items you can pick up and swap freely?
I see crabs over there, game of the year already
IS THERE A FIST WEAPON(S)? ONLY THING I CARE ABOUT, PLEASE PINE
I swear the way the character move here is similar to Dark souls 2 and the lighting for some reason. Also DS2 is garbage but this is going to be great.
So i wonder. Would arcane influence death/dark spells? Were there any dark spells in the test?
Double jumping is a bliss  No matter what
So you’re the one who took my network test code
Hmm, I dunno, I was hoping for some more new ideas to be used in this game. Even the UI looks exactly like Dark Souls...  I enjoyed the limitless stamina and huge combo potential of Sekiro. The fluid movements and variety of moves that all flowed really well with each other was awesome. I also enjoyed the unique art style of Bloodborne and it’s more aggressive take on the Souls combat flow.  I’m sure I’m of the minority here, but this just feels like a cautious step forward for From. The game looks like fun, I can see myself enjoying coop, but so far maybe not immediately worth the $100 price tag it has (here in Japan)
I don't think I've ever been so happy for a reviewer to just say "the game is really good".
I’m really excited to fight these bosses
Dude, how about rings effects, for the thing called Elden RING, I yet too hear about that mechanic?
Wait is this a PS5 exclusive?!?!?
I wasn't particularly hyped about Elden Ring, as I've been burned before (cough cough pre-ordered DS2), but damn, this looks just so good. Now to hope my old GPU can actually handle it 😣
I didnt get into the network test...kill me...
This got me hard! Can't wait for the game to come out!
Power Stance is back. That's it, i can die in peace before playing this game.
As someone who loves making Strength builds, this game looks like it’s gonna dethrone DS1 for me
Now im real hyped
The dungeon blocked off until you used the horse to jump over gave me such a strong Ocarina of Time feeling man
Question about coop you said there are no barriers when summoning and probably invasions but what happens after you defeat a boss side or main like the guy from storm veil does your partner go back or stay regardless of the defeated boss
Hello mr Pineapple! Do catalyst/talismans have weapon arts? or a bash attack? I loved the spellcasting weapons in DS2 and was wondering if that returns in some form.
I'm also super hyped for the mandatory "Elden Ring pacifist" and "Elden Ring no walking"
Idk if it worked before in other souls games but do you think i'll be able to play coop with my friend on ps5?
You can loot from the mount? That's some good stuff.
time to find the heaviest armor possible and bonk people with a big fucking club like the forefathers intended
Ok look i like your review, the game looks solid and hype is real BUT i have the real question. Can you name your horse?
I for one vastly appreciates not having to quit out to the main menu every 30 minutes while I'm exploring the overworld because of griefers, making the PVP opt-in was the right move, at least for me. Being invaded while I was trying to get something done, or alternatively, after I died and was trying to get back my souls, really drags down the experience in basically all of the souls games for me. Also I'm really glad that magic doesn't suck, and that both it and the weapons aren't balanced around the PVP and in turn suck as well, I just really hope I'm going to actually be able to engage in PvP when I choose to and not have to deal with someone rolling behind me and immediately doing 180 and backstabbing me like in dark souls 3, because that's fun, fair, and enjoyable for the experience. I'm particularly glad that it seems like none of the dirty tricks that all of the dark souls 3 PVP tryhards would use as a crutch are returning in this game either
Everyone is spamming content at the same time! I’m scared!
babe wake up, metal fruit just posted
They didn't add stances?
This looks really neat. Compared to other souls games there is a lot of light around, and the environmental designs look a lot more fantasy-ish, less like actual castles, gadgeds or plants. I wonder if we'll get a "lighter" story this time around as well. Overall still exited for this. Thank you for the comprehensive overview.
YES! VIABLE FAITH BUILDS!
man i love your channel what ever you make about souls like games and you deserve a sub so i subscribed to you  keep doing your awesome work
I never enjoyed the dark souls games until I bought sekiro on sale. I love how sekiro stripped all/most of the rpg elements. added some parkour and more fun traversial mechanics which I love in a game. it was you, your katana. some trick weapons like firecrackers and the flamethrower.   no stamina bar no leveling no bullshit with a surface level story that I actually could follow without having to watch hours of vaatvidya to understand anything and a deeper level story for the lore folks. it was a more focused game where sekiro tested your resolve and you had to get better at the game to beat it.   Sekiro is in a way more simple and because of that harder in my opinion. if that makes sense   I have played DS3 = didn't enjoy that. liked bloodborne better because it was more fast pace and rewarded my aggresiveness but traversal was no fun.  as a guy who didn't enjoy the slow pace of past souls-borne games but really loved everything sekiro had to offer. will people like me enjoy the game? or less because of my past experience with the souls games?
Thank you, finally I can rest
dude... you missed the most important thing... CRABS ARE BACK!!!! 5:40
Poise Strange Masks Strenght tied to equip load  The Legend will be back
So I'm wondering if traversal is still possible with a co-op partner? You mentioned the wind pillars that launch you and your mount to higher vistas... are the areas those pillars lead to only accessible via the mount or would you be able to traverse up to those areas while in a multiplayer session?
Well it was a must buy for me but after intro I realized that it's 💯% must buy.
While playing, were you able to get a sense of armour availability in the game? I'm a big fashion souls fan and have been curious as to how easy it is to get enemy armour sets in the game, if it's possible in the first place.  Great video!
Oh my god, I can't get over that spinning sword into ground stab weapon skill!  Its fucking radical!!
looking EXTREMELY poggers
Immaculate 😭😭😭🤌🏼😩😍
미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친 미친
I'm so bummed that there wasn't an option for PC with the network test. Hope they do a second run later.
I really hope i get a code for the closed beta  i've been waiting pateintly but to nothing yet sadly
Okay. Now I want to play and I'm gonna make the biggest and baddest str/faith build possible!
This game looks like it has everything i've wanted from souls games, and with that weird guard counter, A proper defensive style of play might be fun to play rather than just tedious omg poise ACTUALLY WORKS BEST GAME
I want to see this but I don't want to see anything at all. The pain
Personally I'm most excited for the return of twinblades ☺
honestly, the invasion system was the only thing I hated about from games. it's not fun, I don't see it as 'mixing up my run' or whatever, it's just fucking annoying. limiting pvp to multiplayer is I guess a step in the right direction, but I still would have preferred it to be an optional feature instead cause this still ruins co-op with friends. something you can turn off and on, or make things like covenants the only way to pvp. invaders are cancer.
"Playtest a few days early".. it releases in 3 months?
Pineapple, please more news on Ranged builds! What of xbows? How viable is it to snipe everyone from afar? Are there missile limits? Weapon arts for bows? Give me all you got!
What's the best way to build your character now? Say you have enchanted knight class, do you spread your points between intelligence and strength? In the old games, I tended to avoid spreading my points for max efficiency. If I had a strength build, I would only invest in health, stamina and strength etc. Is Min Maxing still a thing or are you encouraged to diversify and experiment?
So when you say that two hits arent guaranteed with hit stun does that include ultra greats?
Thanks for making such a helpful video! love the content and can't wait for more once the game releases
WOOOOOOO YEAAAAH
What does Pyromancy scale off of? Are there new schools of magic or new forms of scaling for magic?
Might have missed it but; healing, Souls style or Bloodborne style?
9:20 Conquering big rocks is one of my favorite past times in any open world game.
Dark Souls 1 poise fuck yeah!!!
I'm really hyped, pls let me be in coma for 3 months...
why cant they just add a setting that turns solo pvp on instead of having to use items
I'm usually a dex main. Does the buff in armor for str makes it also different for dex? Do i get something like that too? I also love the idea that i could try a support build and an archer build! Is it doable to kill everything with arrows or do they cost too much? Can you even buy arrows or do you need to find them?
I came
What did that guy mean by catering to Nintendo? Is Elder Ring coming to Switch?? Or just stupid trolling?
Was not interested in this game in the slightest but I'm guna be honest you've sold it to me ima pre order too fuck it
I'm really going to have no life when ths game comes out.
oof ds1 poise and all its cancer is back
I love you iron pineapple
Ok but, are pyro spells still cool!?
But my biggest question is, would I be able to switch the jump button and the interact button?
I'm probably gonna get shit for this, but I'm not a fan of in order to play co-op I have to open myself up to invasions. I just want to fight monsters and explore the world with my friend without constantly being interrupted by assholes trolling us. It was a pain in previous dark souls and it seems like it'll be even worse here with invaders having access to more abilities. I wish PvP was something I could opt out on, cause some people just want to hang out with friends in peace.
"wHiCh iS tHe WrOnG oPiNiOn BtW"  Oh, shut up
PORCODIOOOOO WUIWIWIQ
My fucking god this game is phenomenal.
Just finished the video. Super excited to see that the game is panning out so well. How do you feel about the return of the mp/fp bar and having to use flasks to regen it? Do you feel this works better than a limited number of casts, regen over time, or any other system? Are the flasks similar to ds3 in that you have to allot them how you see fit? Were they upgradeable in quantity/healing amount?   Also with all the customization you can do with your own character (weapons, armor, stats, appearance, etc...) is there any way to customize the horse, either in abilities or cosmetically?
Im curious now, is there weapon durability still?
cool
Very hyped to plays a souls game again
Good lord this looks phenomenal
I rarely get hyped about games, but I'm definitely hyped now.
Why would I spoil myself by watching this video? What a strange move by FromSoftware 🙃
Wait, it's out?!?! Holy shit WHERE'S MY MONEY?! Oh, it was an early test.  So, yeah, really looking forward to this review, the trailers left me with some questions and concerns (like the grace literally just looking to be a bonfire), so I'm really happy you are covering this! Either way, I'm a newbie to dark souls, and have played absolutely every game I can get my hands on so far- I'm so excited!
i was already hyped, now im twice as hyped!
09:17 literally me as a parkourist.
Big poise for big bois
It looks like a beautiful amalgamation of Sekiro, Bloodborne, and Dark Souls. Love it, and thank you for sharing your experience. Can't wait
I feel that your opinions are biased to your love to fromsoft so its pretty hard to read into whats really is good and what is just a fanboy orgasm
I think a lot of people are saying that Elden Ring is going to be another dark souls. Those people forget how many other games From has made. Will Elden Ring be a continuation of From's previous games? Yes. Is this a bad thing? No. That's because Elden Ring is going to be the masterpiece that utilizes the experience that from software has gained through making amazing games which just happen to include the dark souls series.
I have never bought a from soft game on launch, but i just might with this, im so fucking keen
Finally... I can feel my hollowing start to reverse...
This game looks better here compared to their Gameplay reveal..
This is such a good video dude. I love that you put in your real in game experiences that you found cool
Equip load tied to strength and poise? Sounds like the age of Chad Str builds are upon us.  That said, I am happy things are looking good here. Been too long since a AAA actually managed to live up to its hype. Was there anything that stood out negatively? Red flags for things to come? It looks so good but I still can't help but feel skeptical.
The only criticism I want to make is that FP should regenerate, due to how much it’s focused on in game. Being forced to use flasks like 3 is disappointing. If it slowly regenerated, and used flasks as a big boost, it would feel more balanced.  Edit: coming back to this after playing the game (still not even close to being done) This was a stupid critic. They system is great as it is.
Holy Shit!
Shouldnt have watched this. Only makes me want it more... fuck
The united stakes of Marika.
This looks lit
Did the viable build variety seem healthy based on the classes you have access to so far?
im looking at you too, dragon's dogma
How does healing work? Are those new flask items the estus equivalent?
That opening montage looks insane!!
It appears that rolling is still taking very little stamina to do. So I assume it's more akin to Ds3 being very roll-heavy? Are backsteps still a thing?
Me before launch of DS2, DS3 and ER: "You know, I have one simple request and that is to have birds with freaking knives attached to their feet." Fromsoft at ER launch: "Okay, fine."
Can't wait to get frustrated falling off of ledges while trying to time a jump right at the edge like in a platformer.
holy shit i’m so excited
Oh suzi
the game looks really fun, but the difficulty is much lower than other games unfortunately
Looks great. Kinda sad that I wont be able to run it.
Ofc i haven't played the game so my words don't really hold much meaning. Even so i gotta say that from the looks of it, guard counters are kinda dumb? i mean if you don't even need to time anything just hold block and still get really good damage... i dunno it seems kinda op/easy.
Oh my God
All of my worries about this game were answered gonna buy this day 1
I'm liking and commenting but I don't think I can watch yet. I'm dodging as many spoilers as i can, big and small  Nevermind I'm watching it.
It looks, sounds, and feels amazing. My only real issue, albeit minor cause of how good everything else is, it’s at times noticeable that an improved or new engine would be good. Mostly for the visuals, while it looks great, it’s got moments where it’s just looking like DS3 again.
Was moving around with the horse clunky ala skyrim or did it feel natural?
These are not "your thoughts". This is just a huge list of spoilers.
So on the left side, is that your weapon art displayed so you always remember what you have set into the weapon?
sigh... i cant let myself be spoiled after waiting this long.
How many giant enemy crabs did you fight
This game feels so much like Dragons Dogma
HERE IT IS HERE IS THE FAITH BUILD LADS CALL THE OLD MAN  seriously though, I am unfathomably hyped, and I thank you for adding fuel man
I saw prod, nice
I AM BUYING THIS.
I haven't even played most of Dark Souls, and I'm excited for this lol
You said Open Network Test, I don't see anything other than the closed test, could you tell me where the open test is and when it opens?
It’s most likely not final, but the UI is pretty simplistic and I hope it doesn’t go the Demons remake route where they pretty much just keep the placeholder UI
Wait are you telling me that faith builds won't a meme anymore!?! SOMEONE CALL OLD MAN!
Im glad best dark souls youtuber got Elden early  Quick question tho, its the bow still a clunky mess like in dark souls or we can actually try to play with the bow as our main weapon?
My immediate thought was that this is basically Dark Souls under a different name, it just looks so similar. Those crabs look familiar 🤔
Does this mean Helicopterman will make his return?
I can't wait aaaaaah KING CRIMSON KING CRIMSON KING CRIMSON
Just 3 minutes into this video, Elden Ring is enough to the said it is game of the century
okay while i loved that you played this man i want to go into this blind so i hope you had fun and everyone enjoys the video :))
From: We don't want to make Souls games anymore Also From:
I doubt it, but imma ask anyway: is the online networking like all other from games or is there now an option to play coop without invaders?
Wah did the emulate the Demon's Souls Remake ugliness of the UI (the HUD, some may call this style "clean") or is this standard in a From network test?
It's Elder Scrolls: Dogma Souls Field!
So... Do you think it's worth it to buy ps5 just for this game?
okay you sold the game to me, imma pre-order it and btw do you have the system requirements for this game????
I really hope to see a fist weapon like caestus (but better pls) or something to change your unarmed attacks to marthial arts🤞🏼
Dude power stance is back, that already has sold me this game, shut up and take my money
16:54 THE  BEST "new" addition . Anyone who says otherwise is objectively wrong
wow, i love the new ui
fucking game of the year!
You what?!!
Wow, who needs a CNT code? This and Vaati's magical experience is more than enough for the next 3 months. Thanks Iron Pineapple!  *Channeler dance*
Honestly, you should have been the only person they asked to do the playtest. Everyone else was in it to test bugs.  P.S. So glad the open world is not actually open world OR it is and this is what people have been striving for with it the whole time! Haha
Magic is just a spectical now, just wow it's gorgeous
Iron Pineapple, is a miracle build finally viable?
"Even if you hate ds2, Which is the wrong opinion by the way" damn straight brother.
Ain’t no way that Elden Ring is real bro that fucking tree got me hard
Okay my worries if this being a Ubisoft like awful open world are gone! Long live power stancing!!!!
Godamn it does look good
im crying cause i forgot to sign up ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
TWINBLADES ARE BAAAAAAAACK
My biggest concern is game retreading the same formula Souls and King's Field games were doing all these years, just in open world. It doesn't mean it going to be bad because of that, but I honestly expected more from the new IP. I became a fan of From because of how experimental many of their games were. ER just looks safe.
Dude I am almost screaming levels of excited for this game.
Fromsoft needs new game mechanics or gameplay. Just another copy&paste souls game, this time with horses and open world, such innovation. But God beware if Ubisoft releases a new copy&paste game. Double standards.  Just another company that has lost its edge and creativity. I am sure they could still make their money with new things now that they are well known.
penguins are very pog
6:53 that one got me laughing hard
What is this thing on the left of the screen? Like "Thunderbolt", "Parry",  etc.
im a bit disappointed that FP doesnt regen, but flasks refilling after enough kills is good enough id say
Omfg it moving around in the world looks so fun, sure the interconnected word in dark souls is great, but was it fun to travel that world? I would argue no
Your thoughts on builds ?
Love that the Mount looks like a Scottish Highland cow. My favourite cow breed.    Yes, I have a favourite cow breed. Call me a weirdo. I know I am
Simply…can’t wait
It does look like dark souls 4 and I have no idea why people are dissapointed for that. It looks amazing
Dark Souls Impact surprised us all
less a thoughts video, more like what you do in the first 20 hours
How much of the game is playable in the demo?
I can see the review quotes now  “It’s the dark souls of Elder scrolls”
the block/ counter ability is so fucking strong, the damage you deal should be nerfed, and the damage you block with those tiny shields buffed
Hah! The stamina dragons dogma reference was just too good, thought the same thing
finally, dark souls levolution
Me: Elden Ring is going to come out late.  Decides to start an adventure cycling an entire country.   Elden Ring: so, we're coming out.
the HUD of the game feels weird
Is it more reminiscent of sekiro or dark souls?
So they allowed people to play  game for more than 30 hours  before 3 month until release. Okay game is good. I am free. Thank you iron.
I know that people have memed a lot about Elden ring because it's taken so long to come out. However GOD DAM it looks worth it. I would happily have a company take their time like Fromsoft than deliver a broken uninspired game. Yes there is most likely going to be a few bugs or things that need adjusting but I would rather wait a few years/months for a better product than taking the alpha route which breaks your immersion as everything breaks. I have no problem with games that state they are alphas/beta builds but AAA devs have gotten quite lazy and just fix things way too late. The game looks stunning and feels nostalgia because you can feel the dark souls inspiration and yet it's own game with unique mechanics and being open world is quite a large leap for them to take but it makes you appreciate the amount of the work the level designer's had to do. Also I can already feel all the amazing mods that are going to come out for this game so we'll be playing this game for years to come. God bless you Fromsoft.
This is a Skyrim modder's wet dream.
Every week since they showed the trailer, I've been more and more hyped, I can't wait for this
HOW IS IS YOUR DAY GOING?
The urge to double jump is very real.
I'm so glad this isn't another Cyberpunk
Hey Iron Pineapple! I just started the video but still gonna ask question, from what I've seen its kinda like Zelda and soulsborne agree or disagree?
you better have found the damn kettle npc
Pumpkin...Head?
Dear god pls can you customize the horse, pls tell me
POWER STANCING NO WAY
3:50 in this video did more to make me interested in this game then the entire official gameplay video released. I really hope there's none of those cheap one hit kills from bosses like in all from software games that made me stop playing all the ones I have for good and regret buying them. That kind of cheap difficulty is a huge turn off for me.
Man, they should have let us ride a mountain goat with all the wacky traversal this horse is gonna allow
Is there going to be character customization in the game? I'm assuming the demo just doesn't let you customize your face and stuff.
Is the story more direct like sekiro or more like dark souls
I'm so hyped for ADVENTURE!!!!!!!
it is more of a goat than horse, it's gorse.... or hoat
Does the game tell the main-story directly (with a lot of cutscenes and etc.) or is it more ambigous like the ds series? Love the videos btw
Do you think this'd be a good game for someone who's looking to get into dark souls?
35 seconds in and ive already got my answer  {c:
I can't get over how good the spells look in this game, I never did a mage build in a souls game and this is 100% gonna be the first one I do it in.
Out of all people i'm really happy you were one of the chosen ones to test and present this~
I don't wanna get spoiled so I won't watch the video but is the game good ?
ymfah posted,you posted and now vaati?! hot damn you guys have the same schedule?!
Equipment lode being ride to strength like DS1 is SOOOO nice. Now I can collect all the heavy armor and actually wear it to! Unless I decide to go full sorcerer because that looks kick ass now
Im so excited
Have fun those that got selected for the network test
A new game for my Steam wishlist
I was uncertain about the open world, as frankly, I'm getting sick of them.  Open worlds were liberating and fresh coming off of 30 years of heavily constricted and controlled games, by now though they're getting long-in-the-tooth and no longer inherently provide any benefit IMO. Doesn't mean good open world games aren't out there, it's just being open world isn't much of a draw by itself anymore and often times, for devs who think it still is, leads to really dull games.  Hopefully Elden Ring is one of the good ones, and not one of the Ubisoft ones. >__>
The thing that's deterring me the most from this game is how it doesn't look to treat you with absolute contempt the way Dark Souls does. The powers the player gets, in particular, look very powerful. Maybe I'm being unfair though. The more I compare it to Dark Souls, the more frustrated I feel with it.
Любопытно...
this looks great! How did you manage to play early?
Didn't get picked, so this is the best I got. Gives me conniptions. EDIT: They GOTTA change that bloody finger thing. Instantly teleporting away if you fucked up is just stupid.
А разве сейчас уже можно размещать такие видео?
Listening to the video without picture just not to spoil the first impression)
can anybody tell me if theres major spoilers in this because i love this channel but i want to enjoy elden ring
Thank god they got someone who actually knows the nuts and bolts of this series to review it.
"some of the best enemy and environment designs I've ever seen" (3:58)  Shows a literal Skyrim dragon
Hot damn, it has color.
Love the new UI
Is the combat closer to DS3, BB, or Sekiro?  How do fights flow? Is the open world empty with a couple of cool places dotted on the map?
IM GONNA WATCH THIS VID A BILLION TIMES ONCE IM OUT OF THIS DAMN WORK MEETING
I'm watching it now, so I don't have questions yet, but I'm glad From Software recognizes you as one of the bigger/more important Soulsborne Youtubers. More people need to know the name Iron Pineapple!
This looks amazing, so excited to play the network test
How the fuck are you allowed to do this?????
damnnnnn cooollllll
I got chosen for closed network test I'm excited
What is the dodging like? It looks much more fast paced and I'm glad if I'm right since bloodborne movement seemed so clean as each fight looked like a dance but of course due to using xbox I never got play it.
only 8 hours? :(
YEAH BABY YEHA YEHA YEAH YEAH OK YEAH BABY OH BOYY YEAH
disliked for the way you say sekiro
Glorious
Anyone who is disappointed by the graphics and compare this game with Bluepoint's Demon Souls deserves to be punished with using nothing but GT1030 for a whole year.
Ok
I really really really hope there's not too much emphasis on the mount usage, especially mounted combat. Never been a fan of that.
So no elden ring horse racing?
man i’m so jealous of you😔
Is this the Breath of the Wild of Dark Souls?
How would you compare the difficulty to previous FromSoft games?
I got through your opinion  "this game is good". I no longer need anything else I want to go in blind. I'll watch the video after I play the game myself.
Did anyone else get a ton notifications from all the souls-borne content creators all at once about them playing Elden Ring lol
when iron pineapple finally makes a new video and you cant watch it because you want to play elden ring mostly blind
How was the grass physics?
Cant wait
Hows the weapon variation my guy?
The game looks so damn good!
Pog
Worth pre ordering?
I'm jealous and I hate you(jk)
yo lets gooooo
I left Vaati’s video when I saw you upload.
The hype is too real yall...
Damn, that got me, completely unexpected
I'm nutting
Just received the notification from vaaty, then from you.
Never clicked so fast
Damn just in time!
Fastest click of my life
LETS GOOOOOO
Ooooohhhhhh
Nice
Awesome
Well i am too early arent i
hey guys, I'm gonna be hanging out in the comments for a while, so feel free to ask any questions about my impressions or anything else about the game
First❤️ Stoked to watch this on break later
When pineapple is metal
