Im going to be honest you are one of my celebrity crushes 😅❤
i sat in the shower couldnt leave for a few hours.....gross. remember the shining? Also theres a video of a woman at work out world who gets kicked out because she was in the shower for like three or four hours and the cops came and took her away.
Such an eternal jam 🎵🎶
Pale Waves like if a 2000s pop rock band just woke up from cryo in 21, and then decided to take the world by storm
I have no idea about 90s or 20 stuff since I'm from a later generation, but I've heard a few songs from the previous generation and I gotta say I really dig this. I can't imagine the hype when this kind of music was popular. It evokes feelings you just don't get form today's music.
Avril Lavine at home
Damn, Heather is divinely beautiful❤❤ I'd consider making a family with her if she asked me. I dont even want kids. I'll change my life for her. 😊
love it❤
The Jake Bugg cover brought me here, his rendition is much more my style but this song is an absolute banger either way ❤️
I just found this TODAY. It’s giving Avril and Michelle branch. I love you.
EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE IS NOT CLOSED AT ALL TO EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE BUT INSTEAD IS OPEN TO EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE INSIDE AND OUT INSTANTLY COMPLETELY FORCEFULLY AND FOREVER!!!
That dress...
MY INNER AND OUTER WORLD DOES NOT RESIST CHANGE AT ALL INSIDE AND OUT INSTANTLY COMPLETELY FORCEFULLY AND FOREVER!!!!
MY PAST, PRESENT AND FUTURE IS ONLY AND COMPLETELY FILLED WITH ONLY LIGHT NO DARKNESS AT ALL INSIDE AND OUT INSTANTLY COMPLETELY FORCEFULLY AND FOREVER!!!
Так забудь же меня, поверь, я найду силы жить дальше с тобой или без тебя
I'm sorry for hurting you so many times, my love.❤
Или пока еще нет
I will create a new world, it will be called Purity(((
I love only you. I don't like Avril Lavigne and Maksim and Jisoo and Ava Max and Lady XO
Why am I hearing a Michelle Branch Vibe? 😅
ALL THOUGHTS ARE PERFECTLY ALLIGNED WITH ENLIGHTENMENT INSIDE AND OUT INSTANTLY COMPLETELY FORCEFULLY AND FOREVER!!!!
I AM IN A CONSTANT STATE  OF COMPLETE REBIRTH, REGENARATION AND RENOVATION INSIDE AND OUT INSTANTLY COMPLETELY FORCEFULLY AND FOREVER!!!!!!!!
Dope songx
Avril Lavigne + Goo Goo Dolls vibe = Pale Waves
still SO GOOD
EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE IS NOT SHY INSIDE AND OUT INSTANTLY COMPLETELY FORCEFULLY AND FOREVER!!!!!
I miss this pale waves
NOTHING, EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE IS LOYAL TO EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE INSIDE AND OUT INSTANTLY COMPLETELY FORCEFULLY AND FOREVER!!!!
WE AND ALL MANIFEST WITHOUT DOING ANYTHING OR NOTHING TO MANIFEST INSIDE AND OUT INSTANTLY COMPLETELY FORCEFULLY AND FOREVER!!!!!!
❤🖤💜😊
EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE IS EXTROVERTED NOT AMBIVERTED OR INTROVERTED INSIDE AND OUT INSTANTLY COMPLETELY FORCEFULLY AND FOREVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE KNOWS WHO THEIR BIOLOGICAL FAMILY IS INSIDE AND OUT INSTANTLY COMPLETELY FORCEFULLY AND FOREVER!!!! EVERYTHING  AND EVERYONE IS LITERAL INSIDE AND OUT INSTANTLY COMPLETELY FORCEFULLY AND FOREVER!!!!!!!
This is so good. Every song is an ear worm!
this reminds me of Avril Lavigne and I loveeeeee it!
Me volví Fan de Pale W. Excelentes temas, siempre los escucho y estan en mi top. Saludos desde PERU
Shout out to you if you also grew up in the late 1990s early 2000s.
In a word, confusing
Shit, I thought this was Taylor Swift of the old days when I heard it first at the shopping centre. However, I am more surprised this is only two years old because it gives me early 2000’s times which I miss so damn bad. This song deserves so much more views but we all know nowadays the mainstream is something else…
i really love her music wonderful people
I love it
The 1975 mode shadow… I like it
gostosas que eu me casaria.
Tonight Pale Waves are in NY( Brooklyn ), I wish I could make it, if ya'll play philadelphia I'll come!! Though I do hope Brooklyn musicians show up to your show; ala, Gabby Smith/ eskimeaux, sunflower bean, Frankie cosmos and More!!
Am i the only one seeing Suzanna Hoffs here?
2:30 good song but the backing vocals here are giving me mom's spaghetti flashbacks lol
Obsessed
Just saw them at 5SOS Take My Hand Tour and now this is one of my favourite songs
Such an amazing song to hear live last night
I'm soooo in love with them. So sick.... 🌊🤘🏼🕊️🖤
Hi I saw Pale Waves live in 2017 or 18 and then I just lost touch. I'm back now and I'm going through what I've missed. This song is interesting, the sound is so different to Television Romance. But I feel they are so talented and very underrated at this moment in time
Sold out.  $$$$$$$$$
I love this kind of music
She sounded a bit like avril lavigne
Lol as soon as I heard this song on Spotify, I ran to Youtube to see if anyone else felt Avril in this!!!
Why does she look like a female Timothee Chalamet?
This takes me back to an opening song from a teenager tv show from 1999 that never existed.
Vertical Horizon vibes!
Uno de los mejores temas que escuché en mi vida.
I'm really feeling this song today.
listening on my gay perspective
In love of Russia and Ukraine your records about to go up the roof get ready for some new music
I love Avril and this band.
https://youtu.be/TCSUKIhjevo
What kind of genre would you call this?
UNDERRATED SONG EVER
Its like early 2000s and early 2010s avril lavigne styles put together
why does this sound like GFriend's Navillera slowed down
My favorite song !😍
I was happy that MTV came back to the Philippines when I tuned in and saw this music video. <3
Thumbs-up if #Hollyoaks brought you here... 📺😁
had no clue who these were until i saw them on the reading fest line up and now i’m obsessedddddd
Wow this is exactly the type of music I thought they were going to avoid after hearing their earlier sound. Well sad to see them sell out and try to get that "classic" Avril Lavigne sound down LoL. What a disappointment.
my queen, HBG
So many better songs than this one on the album. But its ok i guess.
1M views 1yo ^_^
i am litterally pale waves biggest fan, and im willing to fight anyone who thinks they are
Congratulations hitting 1M views! I love you guys! I love you Heather!
Gotta admit i spoke very highly of this band when they came out and i still plan on doing so the new sound is great its definitely got that 2000s era pop punk sound and i really like that ive taken a listen to the album recently and im impressed its a pretty good album so nice job pale waves.
1 000 000 views!! <3
Hell yeah!! Freaking love it
miss u so bad 😩😩😩
Dude... I seriously can't stop listening to this song. It's impossible to just listen to this song  just once. I just found this video and It made this song 10 thousand times better
Carajo, amo todas las canciones, duermo, como y vivo con ellas, una de las mejores para mí además de su estilo de vestimenta que le queda demasiado perfecto, sin duda tienen potencial ❤️🖤❤️🖤❤️🖤❤️🖤❤️
i happened to find myself relating to this song not too long after it came out. it was a really bad time. this song helped me going through it. now im doing much better with someone much better as well. thank you pale waves <3
Mic drop..
NO BAD SONG EVER!! NEED MORE OF IT
Damn it feels like its the past again
lest fuckin og
Not gonna lie it's the first time I like all the songs of particular singer
where's the love emoji
I think the ad made me gay for lobster?
Doing a remix to this! Had to be done.. Uk rap version :)
let's get this to 1M
Heather is so sexy
Love you guys and your music videos and heather your so beautiful and love everything you put out so far keep up the amazing and beautiful work love you forever always
<3
Avril Lavigne homage
That Deadpool shirt tho
This sounds very early 2000’s and I love it!!!!
Demn every song is so BOP~ I think I'm fckin in love w/this band.
Just being introduced to this band, thanks to the ATL song PMA. I'm loving them! This song reminds me of a pop song in the 90s 💜🎶✌
Sugar Ray - Every Morning...lol
Second verse lyrics make it sound like she’s the person Third Eye Blind’s “Blinded” was about.  Wonder if that was homage versus borrowed from that song.
美しい❗
New fan. OMG i am Cryin
Gracie . The Girl all the Straight Girls want to kiss .
Has she quit YouTuber
❤️
Ok gracias tik tok por recomendarme este grupo que es u a joya
Avril Lavigne,+ Michelle branch + Taylor Swift = this song
perfect
Jake Bugg just did a cover of this - amazing cover too! ❤️
This sounds a lot like Taylor Swift's 22
🍀３ツ羽カゲロウ ４つデラ3つ４つ３つ４つ声帯←域→無男です★2953428★声帯←域→無男です★2953428★声帯←域→無男です★2953428★声帯←域→無男です★2953428★声帯←域→無男です★2953428★★カンシャ
Branch And Lavigne 😭😭💙
This is sooo cool, the aura of the song gives off 2000s school guitar girl 🎸
The future me was listening to this song 5 days ago. I knew the name Pale Waves; just that I don't like their 1st album and I encountered their song Fall to pieces last month or last 2 weeks ago because of  Spotify recommendation. I promised myself that I'll check them but I forgot. Then I had this weird dream that made me woke up 5 days ago. I knew to myself that the song name was "Change" I just dunno who was the artist but I felt it was something new with the influence of Avril and Stacie Orrico etc. I just don't get the feeling why that dream made me feel I forgot a singer. And today I realized that this was the song playing in my dreams and Pale Waves is the singer. I regret I didn't  totally listen to them before 😃
"Now you act like I'm nobody, but you still wanna go down on me" is such an iconic line.
Love this ,jamming out to this.😍
Love it so much! ♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
I love it soooo much omg omg omg
sounds like wish you were here by Avril
sounds like Avril
My favourite song off the new album a big hello from Coventry band the eyes of Isabel
One three Hill vibes
¿Cómo que aún no tiene el millón de vistas? :'c
Love how Pale Waves just take me back to old times but it's also very VERY gay and I'm loving every second of it
it's been a long time since i saw the band playing in pouring rain
OMG THIS IS LIT
Still my fave from the album🥰
This gives me Avril Lavigne's "Let Go" vibes! Take a look at the cover of "Let Go" album and "Who Am I?" album then you'll get it
I swear this was either avril or Taylor when I first heard it...my new fave for sure 🥰
i'm a new listener and I discovered her from  "She's my religion" song..  +_+
I love this song so much i think its my favourite from this band
Damn i seriously thought this song was made in the 90's, i feel bad now :(
i think im in love with her
10/10 lyrics!
It's funny (yet cool) to see a goth-styled chick singing a song that sounds like 2000s teen pop rock bops by Avril Lavigne, Hilary Duff and Michelle Branch.
i love how underrated they are but hate it at the same time gaaaah
This song is so much Avril vibe and I love it
We are all looking for the one who will change and be the person we all are looking for , tho with change we also will make the person they are not
This gives me Avril Lavigne vibes!
damn that 90s look is so believable. i mean that's how we looked back in my day.
Great video,keep it up!🟢🟢🟢
she looks tired
Make an song inspired by my chemical romance
They came Up with the Magic fórmula to capture 90's and 00's kid in the same Bubble
MAKE POP PUNK GREAT AGAIN
II wish ! this is a Real song Upbeat with ffeeling
I'm in love with Heather
Lovee ittt
thank you for making this music, dont stop doing you pale waves.
I feel like Ciara is way too underrated because yes Heather is beautiful and she has an amazing she could stomp on me and I would say thank you but Ciara could literally spit in my face , water board me with petrol and set me on fire and i would still be there in aww because they are an icon and they are a god reincarnated
If avril was still alive she would love this
Here before this song blows up.
I love this vibe 🧡
စောက်ရမ်းကြိုက်ချက်ပဲ ...
90s jams are making a come back?
This is pure late 90s/Early 2000's American alt Rock. I preferred the Gothic/Brit pop style of their last album.
i like how this sounds like early 2000s punk. everybody keep relating you to Avril because of the sound & the look (only saying this because NOBODY wants to be compare to anybody even if AVRIL is amazing✨) ...THIS. IS. the first PALE WAVES (not second/compared to any other celeb)
They could make faster guitar  version of this song
😍😍AVRIL LAVIGNE WILL BE proud!!!
Everyone else: "It sounds like old Avril"  Me: "Oh hi, Alanis Morissette, when did you get here?"
I'm old enough that I hear my peers complain that there's no good Rock after the 80's. They are so wrong.
their songs giving me early 2000s vibes
Old stuff is better, this is too poppy. Older stuff was more indie
Michelle Branch, Avril Lavigne vibe. Like it
My friends and I, we like to listen to you guys play and your videos. You guys are fantastic song writers and an azmazing band! We love your music 🎼🎸🎶🎧
This is so Heather Baron Gracie
This video is so prettyyyyw
🖤
🖤
Hmmm,I guess this is my stop ✋
What the FUCK is that sound at 2:36? I thought I was hallucinating but I've listened over and over again and it sounds like there was an animal in the studio that got on the mix. Like a dog sneezing or something?   Don't get me wrong I love this song, oh my GOD I love this song, I'm just now wrapped up in the mystery of what on earth is making that growl/cough/sneeze at 2:36–2:38.
Good
2000s pop rock era is the best rawr
Feel like I'm watching a 90's music video and I love it.
THIS NEEDS MORE VIEWS LIKE AHHHH!
🖤
I LOVE THIS
I feel I'm back in 2000s
now that the albums fully out...THIS IS PALE WAVES BEST ALBUM YET and ill defend it to my grave.
🖤🖤🖤🖤
Here before "Who Am I?" is released tommorow 🖤
This is such an underrated band and what Taylor Swift was talking about when she said: "You would hide away and find your peace of mind With some indie record that's much cooler than mine"
DAMN I LOVE IT
I'm on a Pale waves YouTube marathon , and I can't stop 😩
This reminds me of music that use to be played on MTV
Change indeed!!
AWESOME!!!
I'd love to hear this on as an acoustic version
I really like the new Nelly Furtado's vid ;)
I thaught these kind of music is gone.
this song gives me pale waves vibes!
That one scene is so “Tear drops on my guitar” feels
My new favorite song 🎵 😍
This is B*Witched - C'est La Vie's younger, emo sister xD
brb, gonna go resintall AIM, pick up some Vans, and download some viruses off Limewire.
HBG is so pretty 😍
So the punk rock era is back ? Gosh it feels like I'm at the end of 90s and the beginning of 00s again I'M UP FOR THIS !!
Hey Pales Waves! Love your music. Hopefully you all come to Boston soon.  P.S. my friends and I have been joking that you stole lyrics from our song. ^_^  I'd be thrilled if you gave it a listen too. It's called 'Ashes' by Kitchen Sink.
Pale Waves are a cool band.
Omg new fan! Love all the songs on this album so far and it’s even released fully yet!
Be remembered  Avril
Our last night get on it!
Looks like a "No Doubt" inspired backdrop.
avril vibes
👍👍👍👍👍
<3
so she now in full Taylor Swift mode, sounds good to me .
We recognized you Michelle Branch, you can remove your fake mustache...
AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO THINKS SHE SOUNDS LIKE TAYLOR
seriously thought this was an early 2000’s song the first time i heard it, soooo good
never knew slim shady played bass
Love it
Muito 2001, gostei!
I love this song, but I kind of think that if this is about the same woman as 'she's my religion', then somebody has a lot of making up to do.
i love this guys with all my heart. Hugs from Brazil
She told me to stay.   Now I obey. I know why. Once more.
❤️
I love this so much.
Yuck. Cookie cutter crap
I LOVE THIS BEYOND WORDS OH MY GOD WHEN I SAW THE BAND STYLING I SCREAMED
A good song but in a wrong generation.
I like it
only me who noticed the strong reference of The Cure in this video?
Please don't let Hollywood fuck your lips up, or any other part of you...you're perfect!
Magnifique!!
I lovvvveeee it sooooo much ✨☹️🖤
remember it like it was yesterday My mother didn't prepare me for this heartache Why did everything suddenly just change? We were lyin' naked the other day Now you act like I'm nobody But you still wanna go down on me And I know I'm a fool to believe I keep wishing you would change, change It's no surprise you're still the same, same I wish I'd never seen your face, but hey You've hurt me a thousand times before But I'm missing you right now so do it once more I'm being so irrational, don't know what to do Just trying my best to get over you I sat in the shower couldn't leave for a few hours 'Cause I let you back in, now I'm crawling out my skin Now you act like I'm nobody But you still wanna go down on me And I know I'm a fool to believe I keep wishing you would change, change It's no surprise you're still the same, same I wish I'd never seen your face, but hey You've hurt me a thousand times before But I'm missing you right now so do it once more I keep running around in circles But you stay the same My expectation keeps me hurting I shouldn't feel this way Just wishing you would change, change It's no surprise you're still the same, same I wish I'd never seen your face, but hey You've hurt me a thousand times before But I'm missing you right now so do it once more Change, change (It's no surprise you're still the) change, change (I wish I'd never seen your) change, change You've hurt me a thousand times before But I'm missing you right now so do it once more
I like your sound.from Japan 🇯🇵
Amazing.
This is absolutely 90's alternative but in Pale Waves version. Great
2017 Pale Waves: "The 1975" vibes 2021 Pale Waves: "2000's Avril Lavigne/Michelle Branch" vibes
I strongly feel shes got her shit together
How come they dont have more views? Just found out about this song, they are amazing!!
I’m gonna tell my kids this was Siouxsie and the Banshees
their songs are so nostalgic, im crying
Idk if it's just me but the their look and the music are just complete whiplash
Old school Avril and I'm here for it.
This is like a avril lavigne song with a mix of beabadoobee 😭🖤 lovee ittt
Even if 2020 was messed up and 2021 still doesn't change but at least I got Pale Waves! 🖤🖤
Sounds like Avril and Chad buried the hatchet and hashed this out together while listening to Shaggy's It Wasn't Me.  And I dont hate the outcome.
I love the bridge in this song..its beautiful.
I'm getting Avril Lavigne and Meridith Brooks influence from this one. It is fun to see where they go- they don't seem to have one defining style and that is cool. I personally love The Cure vibes from previous work. And the video reminds me of the 'Lost Boys and Girls Club' which I LOVE!
YESSSSSSSS
This song makes me want to change my haircolor and whole style because of my broken heart
The fact that is literally better and sounds more ''Avril Lavigne'' than anything Avril has put out in the last 10 years...
This sounds like a teen movie song that’s in 90’s and I love it 🥺
AKCKKKK THANK GOD I FOUND PALE WAVES 💕
I'M OFFICIALLY IN LOVE 😻
Reminds of Kelly Clarkson/Avril Lavigne. Huge early 2000's vibes that I'm digging
just discoverd Pale Waves... fucking good
IM IN LOVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
The Avril Lavigne / Taylor swift vibes are very strong
i love this! 💜💜💜
What's up with the 2000 vibes??? Listen to Staring Contest by James Ivy 🔥🔥👌
WHAT WE NEED IS A PALE WAVES X BEABADOOBEE COLLAB !! HEAR ME OUT
"Now you say that it's over" Shaggy: "wasn't  me"
LOVE THIS
Major T.a.t.u and Avril vibes
Who wouldn’t still want to go down on Heather?!?!?
you can really tell how beautiful heather's voice is in this song holy shit
i was on another tab and i thought this was taylor swift 😂😅
bitch... this is great
this song is so powerful you guys are amazing!!💕💕
I am so glad you're putting out music again on here and spotify! One of my favorite bands.
YouTube recommends one of their song to me, television romance, and now I can't stop listening to them
This is one CATCHY ass pop song. Holy shit, I'm loving this sound.
Reminds me of that video of goo goo dolls performing Iris in the rain
%1000000 certified BOP
Massa
God how gorgeous. Dope song too. Dig the Avril vibe!
This is giving me major Avril Lavigne vibes love it ♥️
Love it love it love it can’t stop playing
this is the most childish song ive ever heard
yOU ACT LIKE IM NOBODY, BUT YOU STILL WANNA GO DOWN ON ME
What year is it?!
bella canción
I loved Heather in this music video but I wanna see more of the other members too, if possible! You're all so talented and beautiful <3
Cheers to the insanity of reality <3
Sounds like 90/2000 i love it!!
90's <3
I confirm that this album is inspired by his relationship with Kailee M. </3
かっこいい、すきです
Reminds me of smile by Avril Lavigne
Heavy early 2000's vibes...it makes me nostalgic happy and sad all at once... Damn I love this...
Well done!
I am in love with her
Repeat all day.
I swear every song they put out is like a dialog for my life 😭😭😂😂
I forgot how AMAZING is pale waves
The only song on the radio that came on and genuinely made me shiver with nostalgia. And this is a new song for 2020?!
🔥🔥🔥
Love it! My favorite Song 2020 !
I need this set for my wedding please. :)
I loved their old 80's glam/goth rock and pop sound they had before but I'm LIVING for this! I'm glad they are experimenting with new sounds. 🖤
Guess I found another fav band
beatiful music video and a very cool vibe
Quite the throwback, how this was mixed and how the music video hits all the same notes of the late 90’s early 00’s
So beautiful song from turkey
I appreciate the dude wearing a deadpool shirt
i love their two new songs! cant wait for album
this is my new favorite song of pale waves ! =D
Love.this.vibe!
QUE MÚSICA MARAVILHOSA 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
nobody moved
*como pode uma grande banda virar essa merda ... meu deus*
This whole time I thought this was by Taylor swift it sounds like her a lot
I love this so much
Parece una canción pop punk de Avril Lavigne que una canción de rock de Pale Waves
My boyfriend played this in his car, and I just loved the sound took his phone and have been obsessed ever since. New fan here!!
Heard this just once and now I'm hooked. Pale Waves you are awesome!
1:15 is Taylor Swift – Blank Space https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=e-ORhEE9VVg&t=2m12s
Art Direction by Robert Smith :) This is a bop, good job.
U can't just upload a video of Avril Lavigne and pretend we won't notice... 🙄🙄 lmao jkjk
What kind of Avril Lavigne shit is going on ???? I am disappointed. XD
This is cool :P Kind of prefered their post 80s sound, but it's cool they're branching out a little!
Omg, i was just watching to an interview with avril lavigne and jumped coincidently to pale waves channel
I love this song
omg loving it
It's so weird to think I saw them live
2020s Rock Revival 🤘🤬🤘
https://youtu.be/eeEkvP3F_ug
Channeling that Avril sound eh.... no thanks.
Pale waves are starting to become big energy
Where is dan sperry he needs to hear this
Hell ya
Temazo
Sounds like a song Avril Lavigne would come out with!,
i LOVE this
Cool Vibes
ITS BEEN A MONTH AND IT IS STILL STUCK IN MY HEAD
Love it...reminds me of Michelle Branch and Avril Lavigne Era!!!
:)
You guys definitely know how to make an ear worm lol. First Television Romance, Noises, now this. Definitely want to see you all live sometime. Keep it up.
bbc radio 1 sent me here...
Early Avril Lavigne album track sound, nah thanks. Not the kind of nostalgia I wanted lol. But you do you.
What happend to the love for this band :)
Really funny how people gave you guys shit when y’all made good music but now you’re just making shitty generic pop and everyone loves it, peoples tastes are wack.
got that 2000s era to it,  live for that
they're sf amazing and talented! Why are they so underrated?!
The video reminds me a lot of Hole's Celebrity Skin and the song definitely has Avril Lavigne's video
Why does she yodel?
Looks like the drummer lost weight and at least this song sounds different .
Video and song are MEGA different 😂
90s vibes I love it!!! \(^.^)/
Well someone’s been listening to a lot of Michelle Branch
Don't let tiktokers find them. Lol.   Btw, Heather could be Scarlett Johansson without makeup.
I don't think I have the right words to express how I feel about this track. It sounds okay; l love HBG. But I also feel like Avril Lavigne could have released this fifteen years ago.
Michelle branch voice and very good tight band
Why y'all gotta keep trying to put this band into a box and label it up when it's quite clear that doing so would be a disservice to them?
Yo, me and you together song...  All imma say
stop expecting someone to change. stay or leave
Goth & the Normies turning it up, I see. I'm into the whole thing.
A random YouTube recommendation is what it took me to get to know you. In November 2020. I'm so sad it was not before, but so glad at the same time. Can't do without your music now.
Literally sounds like old Taylor Swift. Wtf happened to these guys?
アブリルみたいやな。
https://soundcloud.com/sytymn/room
Best thing they’ve released by a country mile. Bored of The 1975 schtick
Glad Facebook brought me here! 🙌
Another great piece from Goth & Normies !
🇯🇵🇯🇵❤
好き
Recreation of the Placebo - Teenage Angst set and now a recreation of the No Doubt - Don't Speak set. Apparently the 90s really have returned, I feel so old and I'm not even 10 years older than them, wtf. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TR3Vdo5etCQ
Love
Why have sick boy and Renton joined the Hex Girls?
I think this sounds almost exactly like Taylor swift.....
This is really fresh and different to what I'm used to hearing from Palewaves, good job guys
gonna put this on loop until i go to bed lmao
to put it simply i love it
I love it
Saaaave tonight! Tomorrow I'll be gone...
i just heard this on the radio, thinking it was from the 2000’s. love it 💜
If I wanted to listen to Avril Lavigne I wouldn't be checking out pale waves new song . This is sellout BS, no it's not evolving if you present yourself at first goth style and then go extreme pop the next album
Oh i'm here for THIS
2020? More like early 2000's! YES! <3
YES
You're my best crush! 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
am so happy that that someone creates music like this. i so miss 2000s . dont stop creating
The last two lyrics is so relatable rn..
It gaves me some Avril Lavigne vibes 😍😘✨🤘💕 magnifoco!
Oh, neat, they progressed to the '90s. Excellent track, guys, both in the instrumentation and the production. I really need to buy your albums and support you guys. I've got a Christmas bonus coming up, and if I have enough left over from the minor PC renovation I'll be undertaking I'll throw some your way
They never ever disappoint! They produce music that I've been missing for years! Love this song
I can't stop listening to this song, it's so perfect
I LOVE IT T______T
When Avril Lavigne and Taylor Swift collaborated.. this is the output.
wonderful <3<3<3
You don't know me but I'm in love with you Heather.
This song is so cool kinda of 90s vibe love it
I FUCKING LOVE THIS SONG
Entregou tudoooo. I loveee
YESSSS
while I wait for the 1975 to drop their next fantastic album, I'll enjoy new stuff from Pale Waves, and I can't get enough of this song!
Dancing round my kitchen like a looney bin this morning - Takes me back to my college days in the early 2000s!!  So catchy!
Love  PW, but the producing makes it sound like a 90's pop hit.The band stay, the producers go and die.
I have been listening to 4 songs on my works playlist for 2 years and finally looked you up. Its great to see this kind of music is still coming through.
Hang on so if all the alternative men are becoming Mark Hoppus, and now the women are becoming Avril Lavigne... Does that mean the Pop world is gonna get a new N*Sync, TLC and Jesse McCartney?
Going for the Avril Lavigne/Brie Larson/Miley Cyrus/Taylor Swift vibe and it works as fuck  I've really missed early 00's Pop honestly
Voice/Guitar: Blackhead Courtney Love/Auf der Maur in celebrity skin Bass Guitar: Eminem Lead Guitar: Damon Albarn Drums: Random Punk Rock player from the nintees (eg. Mike Dirnt or Mike from nofx)
So loving this right now. -Atlanta, Georgia U.S.A.
this is so beabadoobee
90s kids united
I'm feeling some strong Alanis Morrisette vibes with this song and I love it!
Nostalgie Avril Lavigne <3 Thanks for that
I’m still expecting goth rock but they went from 1975 to Avril Lavigne
So, we went from the best of the 80's-ish style of music to the best of the 90's-ish style of music? You got it! Let's go!
i'm down bby xx
WHAT A VOICE A REAL BAND U DONT GET MANY OF THEM HEATHER IS LKIN WELL 🔥🔥🔥
WOW WHAT A SONG
Wowww I love this
Instalike!
ughhh I love that soong so much and those aesthetics  I-
From the east I saw the pale waves of sunlight enter my bedroom window, and I wonder about where the sun sets ons this wayward journey  of me and my clicks.
There is no bass,  it's all done on a drum machine and there is two guitars but only one playing. What an embarrassment
This is some shitty taylor swift cover band, it sound so fake. I've never liked them but now I hate them
最高！！！
何回でも聴ける
I haven't heard a song with this vibes since 2000's THIS IS AMAZING!!!
*Internet Explorer has successfully uploaded your video: "ChAnGe MuSiC ViDeO (2001)" *
what the fuck, why does this sound like michelle branch lmao
Thx
Feeling “No Doubt” vibes from this one.
this that "shopping at Publix type beat"
The songs on My Mind Makes Noises all sounded very similar. Of which, I am embarrassed to say I liked the hits, as simple as they are; as they reminded me of myself from ages 12-15 listening to things like Hawthorne Heights, Alice In Chains, Avril, etc. But hey, sometimes you need some simplicity to get the words across, the beats are catchy. I have a lot of hope for you guys this time around, too. However, this is completely different sound from your last album in a lot of ways. I get the vibe you're getting across, but it feels a little bit like e-girl fad mimicry. And that's all fine, but I look forward to when you guys find your own sound; especially when you claim such great influences, because this ain't it. I don't know if that will come from the 1975, or Heather and Ciara. I know they touch heavily on their Cranberries and Cure influences, and Avril; I see that in this song and also in the album artwork.
This is a goddamn throwback.
so I’ve decided to live in this for the rest of my life, I love you so much🖤🖤🖤🖤🦋🦋absolutely my fav!
wow, I really like this song.
You did it again. another song I absolutely love.
the pre-chorus reminds me of blank space by taylor swift, that thing she does with her voice at 1:53 reminds me a line from bigger wow by avril lavigne  and the rest of the song gives me Avril 'Let go' vibes ... in a few words.. I LOVE IT 😍🤩🖤
Just finished watching the AMAs and the elite winners who all sound exactly the same. I had to find some prime independent bands to listen to. Pale Waves keeps getting better and better with each new song. A unique look and great sound. Should there even be award shows when so many good bands are ignored? The real music fans don't stay within the boundaries of popularity and commercial success. Good music can be found anywhere.
I'm not sure I care for this as much. The work from the previous album like the birthday massacre was reminiscent of the 80s but this feels... idk taylor swift like 8 years? Maybe like being on tour with no doubt. Idk I'm not sure how I feel about it aside from it seems like it's going a different direction from the previous work.
Can we please bring back early 2000s pop rock? Sooooo good
OMFG I CHOSE THE RIGHT BAND TO LOVE OMFG OMFG THIS IS SO GOOD IM CRYIN RN
Whoa you released a sixpence none the richer song
My sister and I decided that she’s a British goth Avril Lavigne. It’s beautiful 😆
Woke up in 2005, or what's going on?
A right banger.
i really loved this song
i love how this sounds hella pop n they look hella mall goth n grunge
Loved it like 8 seconds in!
lmao...all she sings about is break up songs...lol...
I’m getting Avril sounds with Paramore artwork and I love it. ❤️
Loooooooovvvvvveeeeee
I'm loving the new sound. Has a late 90's/00's vibe but with modern production. I'm into it.
YEP I LOVE IT <3
Finally thank god, was waiting a long time for a new pale waves song. Can't wait for a new album
This sounds like Michelle Branch's early hits <3
This rocks but i hope they still have songs sounded like their previous record.
while this is amazing and im exited about the album ...... please tell me theres 80 synth wave vibes .... and please tell me you guys will press vinyl lol
Curious what the rest of the album sounds like
this is the best i've heard from Pale Waves. i hope they keep up with this 90's throwback pop/rock vibe, and step up out of that tumblr a e s t h e t i c faux goth shit that was borderline cultural appropriation. full send on melancholic and heartfelt, and reminding my why she's an ex.
😍😍😍😍
wohhoooo i love you ❤✨
Can’t believe it took me a week to finally listen to this. I’m a terrible fan. This is amazing.
Got thrownback to early Avril
YES!!! WE BCAK!!
ilu guys 😭
Early 2000's vibe 🤍
The title is so accurate tbh. Love your different sound not less than Television Romance or Heavenly
This sounds more like good old M2M!
we are back to the 2000s jajajaja, the music its fine by the way
Her eye rolls give me life 😍😍😍😍❤️
wow, so good!
Classic
Came here for Avril but stayed for the music
😲😲😲When you discover that the drummer of Pale Waves and the singer of Nothing But Thieves are the same person!! 🧐
They were great before and had their own look and sound - now they've just copied mid-90s Avril Lavigne? Great. Why can't bands these days be themselves? Why do they have to copy something that's been before? This is why bands are so shit these days.
Love this Song❤❤❤❤❤
This sounds so early 2000's, I love it !! The lyrics hit a bit too close to home right now though, so I'm kinda torn between breaking into dance or into tears lol
Oh this is a good kind of new change, love the 90's vibes.
Pale waves picking up the speed where avril lavigne couldn’t.
I remember the first time a saw There´s a honey and thought of the cure and avril, this song just has that nostalgic 2000s vibe, i cannnnt
I'm getting Avril Lavigne vibes 😅. I've loved you guys ever since I discovered Television Romance 🤘
The 1995
At 0:24 reminds me of an song from Taylor swift but idk what song . Can somebody pls help if u know what I mean 😂
🖤🤟
Why is this uploaded in mono? Stereo version on Spotify sounds much better
luv it
Good band they make good music! 😃
oh ok, so you TRULY are the "everything we touch turns to gold" type of band, ok gotcha, thanks and please please please proceed <3
Omg Heather's not in black. 90's grunge reboot.
Wow Heather
Soccer mommy vibes
ее образ так не вяжется с музыкой. За визуальную часть и образ ставлю лайк
Love it!
It’s a banger 🥶🥵
I remember it like it was yesterday My mother didn't prepare me for this heartache Why did everything suddenly just change We were laying naked the other day  Now you act like I'm nobody But you still wanna go down on me And I know I'm a fool to believe  I keep wishing you would change, change It's no surprise you're still the same, same I wish I'd never seen your face But hey You've hurt me a thousand times before But I'm missing you right now so do it once more  I'm being so irrational Don't know what to do Just trying my best to get over you I sat in the shower couldn't leave for a few hours Cos I let you back in Now I'm crawling out my skin  I keep running around in circles But you stay the same My expectation keeps me hurting I shouldn't feel this way  Change, change It's no surprise you're still the same
Yeah, Pale Waves sounds better than ever.
How good 😍 love it!
This is sooo goood! ❤
Holy shit...... The sound, the outfit... I love it! 90s music in modern times, need more of this!
2:09 Ears hear acoustic guitar, eyes see electric guitar. Does not compute.
THIS COULD BE HIT BACK IN THE DAY SOOO COOL <3
This sounds like early 00's.
So different to your other music I LOVE IT THO!!!
This should have been shot with Heather wearing a big-headphones-lying-on-a-bed-in an-apartment-room-with-brick walls-early-2k-aesthetic! On a side note, she was probably 7 to 10 years old during the heydays of Let Go and Under My Skin 😱
Love it! old school vibes
This seriously feels like them moving away from The 1975's shadow. They seem to be working with different influences and I love it.
I am a Swiftie and when an artist or band supports TS, I'll support them right away! I love the song!💛
Like  beautiful
pEOPLE!!! we need to bring that masterpiece to at least 500k views before the releasing of  the new song next month!!!! we can do it!! Pale Waves deserves this!
Avril Lavine, Michelle Branch, Ashlee Simson....
She is called Heather Baron Graciè. Youre welcome.
I need a punk rock version of this song ✨
I mean...fingers crossed that the rest of the new album is a home run like the first 2 were. But this...Fingers crossed.
Is this the Avril Lavigne that died?
The style is so 2000' ish, really love it 😭
Netijen +62 kumpul disini 🇮🇩
Nice everyone's agreeing we're getting Avril vibes. Awesome song!!
めちゃめちゃ良い...
Defo an improvement! Looking forward to seeing what's next with this type of stuff.
Anybody getting that early Avril Lavigne vibe? :)
Avril Lavigne, 2000s
MY HEART IS SOOO HAPPY. I LOVE YOU PALES WAVES!!!!
everyones commenting about heather but not about ciara 😔 theyre so handsome oh my
This sound is so nostalgic I feel like I’ve heard it before 😍
The lost art of Lavigne, Branch, Orrico, Hewitt, Simpson, ladies and gents.
I don't know about you but I'm feeling 22  Cross between Red era Taylor Swift and Avril Lavigne
I just realized this premiered on my birthday, omg
Damn they use to sound like The Cure now it's Avril Lavigne lol Here's to never growing up
Hmmm.... What happened to "Progressive" Pale Waves. !???@!?!?
I am a Swiftie and when an artist or band supports TS, I'll support them right away! I love the song!💛😍 sdfghj
I am a Swiftie and when an artist or band supports TS, I'll support them right away! I love the song!💛😍 wer
I am a Swiftie and when an artist or band supports TS, I'll support them right away! I love the song!💛😍 gg
This song gives me Avril vibes and I love it :)
Es como una mezcla entre Avril Lavigne y Taylor Swift.
I am a Swiftie and when an artist or band supports TS, I'll support them right away! I love the song!💛😍
"Now you act like  I'm nobody but you still wanna go down on me"
Sitting here searching for real talent to listen to and I pop on to this gem   Nostalgia is high Spirits are as well loving this song  Looking forward to hearing more.
They're finding their sound, I'm so proud of them. Excellent lyrics as always.
new twenties are lame, back to the 90s
If all the álbum is like this, i know for what i'm going to live now
lesbian soundtrack, wiw ❤️
The set reminds me of something out of a beabadoobee video.
This is in mono. Someone screwed up?
has the band line up changed?
Wheatus' Teenage Dirtbag with Avril Lavigne's vocals. Very nostalgic.
Pale Waves moved out of the 80's and into the 90's
Avril vibes and I AM HERE FOR IT!!!
Why do some people think this early 2Ks?  Its definitely late 90s.  Lovely homage.
i miss the synthsss :(((
Sounds like it could be a possible anime theme song
The Michelle Branch/Avril Lavigne lovechild I didn't know that I needed.
I love this song, so perfect
It's like a budget version of Avril Lavigne
reminds me of Carly Rae Jepsen/Avril Lavigne/Ashlee Simpson/some pop star pretended to to be 14, that kind of thing
nobody: electric guitar: Can I sound acoustic? 2:09-2:16
2000 vibes
Michelle Branch meets Avril Lavigne meets Pale Waves....Love it!
look like beabadoobe
Once again, they've managed to make my little emo heart so happy! Especially this year. So glad to see and hear them back!
OMOOOOOO tanginaaa huhu 😭💗
Magnifique!!
Just tell me why this song is not in the top 10!! 😣
Heather looks like Margaret Qualley
avril lavigne old school.
Got me feeling nostalgic 🥺
Pale Waves 😍
Noises好きだけどこっちはもっと好き
I'm digging the new sound!
love this 🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤 reminds me of music i grew up to in the early 2000s
My sexuality is quaking
Wow another song by whale paves.
oh and you still got that sexy I roll. LOL looking good girl
finally been waiting on yall to come back. love it!!
why is this mix in mono?????????.........
I had to look twice cause I thought I clicked on another artist lol. This new sound is very refreshing! Love it!
i am. gay
0:12 I'm already in love
The Cure...
Michelle Branch
Ok but this song gives off immaculate melancholy, lingering and nostalgia vibes
This is a great song.  Loving it.
her FACE and eyes when she says “but you still wanna go down on me”.. lesbian SHAKING
IM SO INTO THIS YES
—  I remember it like it was yesterday My mother didn't prepare me for this heartache Why did everything suddenly just change We were laying naked the other day  Now you act like I'm nobody But you still wanna go down on me And I know I'm a fool to believe  I keep wishing you would change, change It's no surprise you're still the same, same I wish I'd never seen your face But hey You've hurt me a thousand times before But I'm missing you right now so do it once more  I'm being so irrational Don't know what to do Just trying my best to get over you I sat in the shower couldn't leave for a few hours Cos I let you back in Now I'm crawling out my skin  Now you act like I'm nobody But you still wanna go down on me And I know I'm a fool to believe  I keep wishing you would change, change It's no surprise you're still the same, same I wish I'd never seen your face But hey You've hurt me a thousand times before But I'm missing you right now so do it once more  I keep running around in circles But you stay the same My expectation keeps me hurting I shouldn't feel this way  I keep wishing you would change, change It's no surprise you're still the same, same I wish I'd never seen your face But hey You've hurt me a thousand times before But I'm missing you right now so do it once more  Change, change It's no surprise you're still the same Change, change It's no surprise you're still the same Change, change It's no surprise you're still the same  You've hurt me a thousand times before But I'm missing you right now so do it once more
I love how this sounds like B*Witched, Michelle Branch kinda vibes
Как жа это ох¥енно, слов нет
Best day during these weeks. .❤
Makes me think of High school when we used to sing Avril Lavigne songs out loud💜💙💙🖤🖤🖤💜💜💜💜💜
this is wonderful omg im so glad i found this band :)
that sounds a lot like I'm a teenager again and I'm listening to Avril Lavigne songs while looking through the bus window, meaning: I'm living for it
who has worse relationships with guys? Pale Waves singer or Taylor Swift?
Not for me! Oh who am I kidding? I'll come back.
i like this
I think this is the best~
Holy shit this made my day
What did we do to deserve this masterpiece 🥺
Sounds like tylorswift
simp for heather
definitely screams early 2000s and i love it.
Avril lavigne vibes 2000's
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
I dig this band, but getting quite tired of the stolen T-Swift melodies, bit obvious.
I'm getting some major Rocky Horror Picture Show vibes from heather's outfit when she's dripping wet, and I LOVE IT!  ♥.♥
Just beautiful, so beautiful I get twisted inside when I hear your voice, a delightful pain  a darkening wave
Yoo why are all these dirty hit vids getting uploaded with the audio in mono? It really messes with the sooound :(
Keep making music
I Love It!!!
YASSSSS BRING ME BACK TO THE 00'S THIS IS SO GOOD OH MY GOD
the way this is LITERALLY smile by avril lavigne i love it here
omg! so glad they are back! carrying the 90's vibe too <3
This definitely belongs in the get off your desk, dance to the beat type of number.
Makes me want to be a lesbian
90s vibes
This video gives me Beabadoobee vibes <33
Zomies v. Pale Waves? I'm in, A+
simple but very good music
🎵Now you act like I'm nobody But you still wanna go down on may🎶 ...I'm singing this to myself while grocery shopping. Song is a bop, I'm officially hooked💯
We had 80/90's and now we have 00's! You are amazing Guys! Huge fan from Brazil, here!
fuckin` love this song
😘😘😘😘😘😘
💖💖💖💖
LOVE THIS
Nice.
Pale Waves jumped from the late '80s to the early '00s on this one.
Назад в 2000-е)
Now we back to 2000s I love it 🔥✌️
Love this! Never disappointed ❤️
Love this! Can’t wait for the album. 😁
Hell yeah finally new music from you guys 🤙🏼
Por fin volvieron a subir musica ... no se que tiene esta banda qe hace qe me gusten todas sus canciones
Also stop playing your electric guitar in the rain you silly sell outs
Change eh?  Am I the only one who hates this song and this direction???  What is going on here the comments are so positive that I feel like I’m being gas lit
New album coming? wow what a good news!  I foresee you will be another iconic band from the 20s decade.
Compared to your earlier work this is definitely a different feel, especially the vocal range variety. Usually different is hard to accept, but this new direction I'm really loving. Keep the good tunes rolling!
this song looks like avril lavigne style this song is different from the others heather did  ,Heather surprised me that she made a song like that, this song is different in style
Esse clipe é muito lindo. 😍 ela tá absurda de linda 💕
New Pale Waves video? Like. Sounds like Avril Lavigne circa 1999 - 2001? Like³.
Everybody is saying Avril Lavigne but I’m hearing more of Michelle Branch - “Everywhere” style in this song.
missed you guys!! now you're back with such a nice new song!
Me surpreendeu a mudança de som realmente ``change``.  Preferia o som do Noises, soava mais gothic synthwave Espero que o novo album não seja todo com essa vibe da Avril
Not as good as their first releases but I will get used to it.
Нраица
I like where they were going. Super 90s/2k vibe for sure.. But that whine at the end of every note kind of kills me. All in all good job but weird vocals at the same time.
Didn't know Robert Smith was in the band now
🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋
I just woke up in 1999 and I'm fine with it
12 year old me who was obsessed with Avril is SCREAMING this slaps
So that's why she changed her guitar because it's going to get wet.
Everyone commenting how Avril this is, but don't underestimate the Ashlee Simpson in it lol.
Its really good, but This band make me fall in love with Synthpop again, and that is something that I not found in this new song... :\
‘...but you still wanna go down on me!’ Cheeky 😁
Oooooooo
😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Im sorry this lost all the edge of earlier tracks this sounds like a bad Natasha Bedingfield song! lol I hope this is a one time thing
This has such early-2000s pop rock vibes and I love it
Lembrei da Avril Lavigne 😍🥰
i needed this song
Welcome back!!! We’ve missed you!
we have been blessed, amen
OH MY GOD
I love this, picking up where Avril Lavigne left off.
Amazing song, but anyone else hear the auto tune at 2:11-2:13? Just caught me off guard is all lmao
"変わっても" 愛してる
Gokil
😻🤤
Aight I'll change
So when Pale Waves goes on TRL, will Carson try to flirt with Heather??!! Can Pale Waves knock off JT or Nelly at #1???? BTW, did you hear what Xtina said about Britney????!!!!
Okay this is the moment
Lyrics:  I remember it like it was yesterday  My mother didn’t prepare me for this heartache  Why did everything suddenly just change  We were laying naked the other day   Now you act like I’m nobody  But you still wanna go down on me  And I know I’m a fool to believe   I keep wishing you would change It’s no surprise you’re still the same I wish I’d never seen your face  But hey  You’ve hurt me a thousand times before But I'm missing you right now so do it once more  I’m being so irrational  Don’t know what to do  Just trying my best to get over you  I sat in the shower couldn’t leave for a few hours Cos I let you back in  Now I’m crawling out my skin   Now you act like I’m nobody  But you still wanna go down on me  And I know I’m a fool to believe   I keep wishing you would change (change)  It’s no surprise you’re still the same (same) I wish I’d never seen your face  But hey  You’ve hurt me a thousand times before But I’m missing you right now so do it once more  I keep running around in circles But you stay the same My expectation keeps me hurting I shouldn’t feel this way  Just wishing you would change (change) It’s no surprise you’re still the same (same) I wish I’d never seen your face  But hey  You’ve hurt me a thousand times before But I'm missing you right now so do it once more (byw i'm a singer/songwriter inspired by Lauv/Jeremy Zucker.It'd mean a lot if you check out my music and subscribe,promise you won't regret<3stay safe:)
AMAZING 90S VIBES. IM CALLING IT. A 2020s CLASSIC ALREADY. THIS GONNA BE REMEMBERED. #HISTORICALBRITISHALT
In terms of label influence, it has a similar early 2000's vibe to Me and You Together Song
muy buena canción
This sounds like it belongs on the soundtrack for the first Shrek movie, in the best way.
OMG, SHE'S VERY BEAUTIFUL.
SWEET NIBBLETTES 😘✌️💕
This sound makes me hope for an Avril Lavigne cover on the next album.
Avril Lavine. Avril Lavine. Avril Lavine.
1:47
I’m Japanese.This song is so good!!!
they changed a lot!! oh no!!
It was charming and exciting when a young female-led  band like Pale Waves sounded like The Cure, but when they're now sounding like Avril, it unfortunately seems more ordinary.
We need more bands to give us early post modern rock scene vibes
This bangs though
Randomly joining here but I must be paying attention to Pale Waves from now. They seem fun to listen
Hole meets Avril Lavigne. Ok
This has early 2000’s vibes and I’m living for it 😍😍🤍🤍
Janice Ian vibes 1:43
I'm sorry... who ordered this time machine? I swear puberty is about to hit me again.  ITS WORTH IT!!! *hits replay*
00's Old school... JUST AS I LIKE !!!
Cambiazo 💗
🔥
Amooooooo
YESYEYSYEEYSY YES YE S YES YES YES YES YES
I was really looking forward to this after their album last year but this is horrendous. I can’t help feeling they’ve sold out in the hope of appealing more to the American markets.
Me recuerda a Avril Lavigne en Under my Skin
Su vibra me  recuerda a Avril Lavigne. Like it
Hardened metalhead that I am, it was kinda random of YouTube to put this pop rock number from this band I've never of before on my suggestions list. As much as I look down on this subgenre, despite myself I found I had involuntarily acquired a "guilty pleasure" - I liked it and kinda bobbed along to it. I've added it to my playlist alongside the likes of Kreator, Motorhead and Black Sabbath. Don't tell anyone!
My gf and I have the BEST memories getting to see you guys twice at these tiny venues in Dallas. You were our first date *out* publicly and it was an incredibly magical night.   We miss you, and we're so happy that you're so much bigger now! We'll always have those memories ♡
Some people are just never going to get over the 90's
i just couldn't stop staring at the deadpool shirt
Such an improvement from their debut
Care - beabadoobee anyone????
Holy crap this is a banger
Holly molly! LOVING THIS SOOOO MUCH! OMG...
this is a fucking bop
Goth girls 😍
Got avril 2000s vibe!!
Honestly this reminds of old school Avril lavigne and Kelly Clarkson, but maybe that's just me thinking that XD :0
OMG I'm so happy!!!!!!!!!!
This brings me back to the 90s!! Love it!!
also use me as an i'm gay for heather button
0:28
Oh man, love it x1k
i love you guysss so much ✨
So glad you are back
I loveeeee 😍
🙏
masterpiece
This band is a gem
AMAZING
New stuff after one year! Cool I don't know why, but this video clip reminded me of Hole's "Celebrity Skin"
probably their best song so far.
I'm here because of Harry and Zayn. And I love it .....
This video is a great demonstration of 4 different ways to wear sleeves
What an absolute bop, new this new style.
This feels VERY Avril to me... and I love it a LOT.
This is good.
Everyone's saying Avril, but I'm hearing super early Taylor Swift.  Like, 2006 first album but substituting twang for light punk.  Unexpected but a welcome change.
1st time seeing her without the gothic make-up on and this song throws me back in late 90s-early 2000s vibe she really got cool soft voice
I'M LITERALLY CRYING 😭 Keep going pale wavy babies!!! We love u <3
oh my... ive been waiting for so long... thank you Pale Waves
She looks like a mix of lydia and jane from breaking bad
Very Avril style but I love it 😻
the deadpool shirt......ok.
Moviepeople often mix water with milk to make rain more visible on camera. Now I don't know for sure if that was done here, but if so that ending must have been quite messy :D
Damn this is fucking awesome!
I adore the way she sings "face, but hey" in the chorus.
Awesome new song! I really dig the new direction
Music video givin me 90’s vibe
YEEEEEEEEEEES
Love it!
it will always make me sad that you guys are so underrated
kind of reminding me of avril
More of this sound PLEASE!!!
I'M FROM BELARUS! AND I WANT TO SAY: THIS IS AMAZING!!! I LOVE THIS GROUP
Charlie be flexin that muscle work in tank top is HOT 💪
This band continues to fuel my joy for late 90s and early 2000s studio produced pop punk. 💕
Why do i love this so much
I love pale waves have done for years. However BBC radio one brought me back here.
I felt like I'm out at a party kissing someone while that song is playing in the background
I’ve played this song on Spotify too many times, and now I’m here!❤️
2020 just got a little better
I'm absolutely LIVING for this!!!!! 🖤❤
heard this on radio 1 and it brought me right back to being a teenager in the early 00s!
Did someone had early avril lavigne vibes? No? Just me? Ok...  Pale waves is AMAZING!!!
This feeds my nostalgia hunger well
I feel like i have gone back to the 90's
In the BEST way possible, this sounds like it came out in the late 90's/early 2000's indeed!
my new favorite song 🤩
<3ing it !
Лайк без вопросов
LOVE U GUYS 🖤☠🖤☠
you're new rock icon!! I'm listening in Japan!! 日本で聴いてます!!😍
So good!!!
Nice Change
Love it 😭❤️ we all missed Pale Waves
HEAVY 2002 Avril Lavigne influence! i will consume this album omg (idk if its just me but sometimes Heather’s voice kinda sounds like Avril’s)
I’m glad she sounds like Michelle Branch now!
i feel like i've been transported to 2003 and i'm twelve years old and i just got back from school and i put on mtv and this comes on and i throw my bag onto the sofa and kick my shoes off and run into the living room to dance stupidly and not think about the boring essay i have due tomorrow and i am so thankful for this omg
Hello, going through a similar situation at the moment and I feel so identified. Thank you guys for existing
Heather does look a lot like Avril Lavigne. Honestly I feel like I’m back in high school and this is how Avril should have sounded. If she wrote songs like this instead of skater boi, I probably would have been into it more. And I can definitely hear the Michelle branch influence in the drum beat. Also sort of like Ashlee Simpson’s first single “pieces of me”. I like the direction they seem to be headed in this album. Love you guys
HOLY FUCK IT’S HERE
Theirs a 100 deaf people ( thats explains the dislikes) lmao
Ahhh the nostalgia!! I love you Pale Waves!!!
IT'S TOO SHORT BUT SO GOOOOOOOD. ❤️
미치겠다 너무 좋아ㅠㅜㅠ
Paramore X Tailor Swift kinda vibe
OMG I love you 😂😂
youre the best queen👸💋🤦‍♀️🦋🦋🥀
Love you guys. Love the new song. <3
very avril lavigne
Sounds like early Taylor Swift.
Seems like they're patterning after The Cure.
https://youtu.be/NWVtcdy2vu4    😲😲😲😲😗
I dont know why but this song kind of reminds me of Care by beabadoobee
*listens to avril lavigne once*
Rock on, Pale Waves!
Loving this new sound
I’m not expecting their sound to stay the same as their previous songs but I’m not exactly feeling this new sound or at least this song. I don’t know maybe it will grow on me or I’ll like the other songs on the album at least.
I love the aesthetic background. It's so damn  stunning❤️
I think her eyeshadows are from Ces` Moi , Liza Jody's brand.
Ahhh amazing such a jam !! 🔥🔥🤘🤘❤️❤️❤️
I'm skeptical. Like I'm gonna listen because it's catchy and I love the first album, but this feels way too close to a Taylor Swift song. The 90s vibes of the video are impeccable tho.
2020 was succesful when this was released
If you were born in the 90s, this is definetely familiar and relatable. Long live
Literally they were under the radar whole of 2019, I'm so glad they're coming out with new music!!
this is sooo good i’m getting 2002-2004 avril lavigne vibes and honestly i live for this
I like it :D
yes yes yes yes
A new song and a new album ? Ydk how happy i'm <3
Finally after 3 years, a new song from pale waves!
Couldn't leave the shower for a few hours...that heat bill...
i just typed "NO DONT DO IT"
thumbnail kinda looking like conan gray... just me? ok...
I love pale waves
Getting big commercial 90's music vibes from this lmao
Four chord boredom. Ugh. They used to have something special :/
I love it ! Can't wait for the album !
Sound like tswift. But what can i say i love em🎈❣️❣️❣️❣️
Ohhh gosh finally!!! I waited for this for so long
I dont wanna know how uncomfortable they prolly were at the end LMAO wet sticky clothing
I’ve listened to/watched this five million times today
i hate it
Noice.
This is so good ❤
Wow so... pop
Kelly Clarkson Type Beat
I am so happy they are back
can't believe pale waves came back and saved music
My all time crush Heather! New Pale Waves made my day! Thanks guys! Pale Waves Forever!
WTFFFFFFFFFF A GREAT BREATHE FROM 2020
This is giving me some serious Sk8er Boi era Avril vibes
It's time to smash the replay button
This is what is happening in the other room from the music video of 1975 me and you together song!
this sounds completely like Avril Lavigne 1st album
Sounds like Avril Lavigne's song. Very 90s-beginnning 00 vibe, same as the video. coolio
AAAAAA
first time I have heard this group....this will make some fans!
This gives me a mix of 90s mixed with early 2000s vibes.
Very good.
So 90's love it
Beautiful as always.
I need this song rn wtfffff🤧🖤🖤🖤 thankuuu for this, I been waiting for your new song🤘🖤
Absolute Banger!!! Amazing!!
Nice! <3
Different, but I love it! She's totally meant to be a country singer lol
#LOVEFromMEXICO 🇲🇽🔥
I posted before I even saw it. This song fucking slaps yoooooooooooooooooooooooooo
THANKY YOU
Nope😑
Love her so much...ughhh
We gonna miss the heaven beach vibe chorus guitar sound...😭.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Me encanta...
I love it
it feels like listening to avril lavigne
I love it, You guys it's soooo wonderfull.
I hope you guys never change
So long waiting for this: pure art. this new era is going to save me 🖤 thank you
Pale waves saved me from depression
A video like they used to make em in the olden days!
久しぶりの新曲！！
Avril Lavigne version 2020
Im inlove with heather
This MV is so dream-like. I like it!
i love pale waves BUT honestly i don't like this new sound. i support them in whatever they do artistically but i like "All the things i never said" and "My Mind Makes Noises" Wayy more
i wanna comment every i watch this its so cool and good
Why are you so pretty? this is why I love you Heather <3
Worth waiting. Iloveyoouuuu all! <3
looks like they were told they need to have more mainstream appeal so their sound changed to avril lavine
nancy downs after bible camp  🙏🙏🙏
interesting new sound ig
Banger loves
This is so different from their album, and I am HERE FOR IT
I just found this group this morning and now they have a new song. Perfect timing, and also perfect song.🖤
Been wanting new Pale Waves music !! Cant wait for the new album !!
MY BABIESSSS MUSIC EVOLUTION IS COMING
Oh damn it is good.
she's so fresh here
LYDIA DEETZ IS AT IT AGAIN
Love it! Reminded me of some old throwback songs from Avril Lavigne! 🖤
I thought it was some 00's hit but it was uploaded recently.... I'm amazed
the wait is over 🦋🖤
My drum remix of Change is out! I hope you like it😀https://youtu.be/hQubXgbgw5o
hermoso uu soy el unico de peru aqui ? uu
oigan, los amo
THEY ARE SO ETHEREAL!!!!!!!!!!!!
I think style had change.  This not like songs before
WHY NOBODY TOLD ME ABOUT THIS BAND BEFORE?!?
IT'S BEEN 84 YEARS SINCE NEW PALE WAVES MUSIC IM SO EXCITED THANK YOU
*inner happy noises
why are they so criminally underrated yet talented😭😭😭💓💓
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. This song release is one of the few things that make this year a little bit better.
2000 vibes!!
Umm Charlie Wood in a wet white tanktop... yes please.
Did they get a new drummer
🇧🇷I'm from Brazil, I've been with this band since 2017, and since then I wonder how I could live without it!!!! I love you guys, my favorite band forever 🇧🇷🇧🇷❤❤❤❤❤❤😢😭
is that an early Avril Lavigne song?
You've hurt me a thousand times before but i'm missing you right now so do it once more.
It is very good
Eu amo minha bandinha haaaa 🖤
Heatherrrrrr🖤
This song is so fking great! It reminds me of Avril Lavigne's Wish You Were Here and the old Taylor Swift that still plays acoustic guitar
1:37 I quit my work because of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
最高(T_T)
Tune
Feel like this 2020 i'been listening to DOPE MUSIC.................Pale Waves, COIN, Bad Suns, Circa Waves, Roosevelt, Inhaler, Declan Mckenna
In love 😩
Heavy Avril vibes. Welcome back.
I fucking LOVE this song!!!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ILOVEYOU
Damnnn I really like your voiceeeee
You've hurt me a thousand times before but I'm missing you right now so do it once more 😭😭😭 FELT THIS
10 secs in and I'm already pre-ordering the vinyl + hoodie bundle, fuck me this is gonna be great
Oh, this is where we’re going next, Pale Waves? Yeah, I’m down.  Let’s go.
The video is giving me off pretty intense just like heaven vibes!
grunge, punk-pop 90s?????
Cool, a bright spot of 2020.
Lindsay Lohan circa Freaky Friday's iconic band PINK SLIP feels
Taylor Swift Meets 90s Boy Band      I LOVE IT
This gives me early Avril Lavigne music vibes 💙🖤 love it!!!
This gives me 2002-2004 Avril Lavigne vibes   I can imagine hearing this at a clothing store in a mall in 2003
AVRIL LAVIGNE
This gives me Avirl Lavigne vibez lol
*A V R I L*
This song totally has the pop radio influence. I'm totally on board for this.
OH MAH GOD, IT REMINDS ME OF BEABADOOBEE'S CARE SONG
❤️
This is like Avril Lavigne. So I love it
Dando replay até decorar esse hino♡
wow this was really good. Happy with the direction.
Who tf thought it’d be aesthetically pleasing to wear a shitty hot topic Deadpool shirt.
🌷
<3 show ::::::::::::>>>>>>>>>>>> Arte_bl
Sounds just like their other garbage, generic Forever 21 music. They also ripped off the video for "Heart Shaped Box". Not an original idea with this corporate-made band. Shite.
Is this Avril Lavigne?
still surprised that they uploaded a new song and never changed their genre also their (goth) style
😍
Amazinggg
Maybe I have to give it a few more listens but so far I’m not a fan of this new sound, it’s more like a Taylor Swift bside
BRASIL 🇧🇷
This song is giving me like 90's and 2000 vibes, i just love it. You guys did a amazing job.
this gave me such nostalgic vibes i love it sm!!!
Change Lyric Video: https://youtu.be/NoW7D8pqVR8
Eu legendei essa música, ela é perfeita.
what a fucking mood
I LOVE ITTTTT also heather is so fucking cute lol
it's been a year
nice!
oh so she’s a 🤠🤠 now    jk avril lavigne eat ur heart out    DOUBLE JK I LOVE AVRIL
Any Philippines fans here 😍🤘🤘
Transported back to 2002. I don’t know if anyone in Pale Waves were alive in 2002 😂
This made me so emotional, what a gorgeous song
Love the new sound. Reminds me of childhood Avril Lavigne.
such a beautiful song and music video! you can see their development and i’m so proud of them 🖤
やっぱり大好きだ Pale Waves🖤🦋
Can’t wait for the new album
Such a great song! It seems that dirty hit pushed pale waves aside for that beabadoobee chick but I’m glad to hear that they’re releasing new music
The 197wave
I miss the guitar's domination on this song
Aaaaaaaaahhhhh
I think it's a need to see this live
The 90s are BACK
2000 alt pop revival and im fucking LIVING for it oh my god heather is qween
Heather is staring too much at me im scary shes about to suck my soul out of my body
I FUCKIN' LOVE UUUUU
perfect 👏
Nice tune, I'm missing that Vox phantom guitar though, looks so cool when Heather's playing it in other videos.
Oh my god this was worth the wait! Better than I could have ever imagine I’m in love man 😭
Heather is the best!!!
I love it !!
YESSS worth the wait
Finally, new Pale Waves music. Sweet deal.  Moar plz.
love youuuu
Love yalls music and I'm glad that you guys are releasing new material! Ready for the covid stuff to be over so I can see yall live!
I saw them live in Atlanta (their first show in atl) and I was waving to Heather Baron-Gracie from the audience and she waved back (friends and I flipped). I waved again later and she gave me a half wave but stopped and looked at me like "dafuq didn't I already wave at u" lol it was the highlight of my life.
I'm so happy today <3
love
This was so worth the wait my new favorite video and song
Okay but we just take a moment to appreciate the blue eyeshadow?
Muy bien, me agrada la vibra.
absolutely mesmerized and obsessed with this! Michelle Branch and Avril vibessssss
Pale Waves are really bringing back 2000s pop rock and I'm so thankful
Like the song, but visually it looks like a rip off of the heart shaped box video by nirvana.
Pale waves are so underrated
🐐🐐
This literally give me Avril Lavigne vibes. The nostalgia 😭
Little different from the last album but I love it
Some Avril vibes. Very excited for this album.
i like hmm
😍😍
Hears Avril Lavigne once.
Change, how appropriate for the times we live in, I think the world is waiting for the change. Heather you hit the nail on the head with that lyric, good job love you tell Twiggy I said hi, again great job love it.
YES
Ah, como eu gosto dessa sonoridade! 🤘🏾
What the hell?? I thought this is an indie rock band... But this song is definitely pop...guys where is that nice electric guitar and bass sound from your last album?
It’s great seeing them grow they’ve really blown up in the past year 🤗 they’re the only singer sort of music I listen to usually it’s just drill grime n rap but these are a guilty pleasure of mine 😅👌 I had a chance to see them at Kendal calling in 2018 but I missed them was so gutted 😥 now with all that’s going on I doubt I’ll ever see them live 🤯
GOD I'VE BEEN FUCKING W A I T I N G FOR NEW MUSIC
Wow i love this song
新作アルバム欲しいなー💛
This whole song & video reek of mid-late 90's, and it's the most refreshing thing I've seen all year. Fantastic return PW! <3
Big fan....but needs a better treatment in the studio. Too muddy and cloudy . If you listen to Noises, it needs that clarity and little fills to make that "epic" sound
the taylor swift vibes
11/10
Giving me Avril Lavigne vibes and I am living for it
I love it, sound nice
Glad to see new sound and new music, you guys are very underrated and deserves so much more love an attention keep it up guys!
God yesss  💚💚
been a fan and i will always be  <3
!!!!
If she played the guitar anymore angsty she would be Avril Lavigne lol
Their music is so good i want somebody to listen with me and I have nobody
just discovered this band, what perfect timing
GOD it's so cool ! Can't wait for the album ! Bravo
yes yes yes
Bravo Heather what a banger!!
Was watching this thinking “Heathers playing a fucking Gibson acoustic but then everything else is lower down the scale, what’s that about” and then it started raining and I went “ooohhhh, that’s why”
I JUST THINK THAT HEATHER
She's has the voice of a angel
Everyone go check my music out
YES FINALLY
v cringe rhymes
she went full Avril Lavigne
Kinda sad considering how cool their original vibe was. This is teetering on mid 2000s Disney soundtrack music.
About time! 😁
Love all their music!!
I like it!
Великое возвращение Ранеток..., так долго этого ждал
Ok who keeps breaking heathers heart?? Lol Keep goin Because it makes her write bangers lol
meh, so devolved into generic music
sounds like Avril Lavigne ❤❤
Hermoso !!!
Dope af, thank you for that 🖤
This is honestly making me feel early Avril Lavigne feels and I am HERE for it ♥️
When would it be release on iTunes or Spotify ?
Estilo de los 90's, uff
This Is Incredible!!!!
acho que estou alucinando PALE WAVES LANÇANDO SINGLE 😭❤
Теперь ещё больше жду февраля  Капец она классная !!
heather and ciara are the two most gorgeous women i've ever seen
I found them just after they released television romance. Me and my "best friend" at the time used to listen to them everyday at school. This is the first time in three years that I listen to them. It really hurts, but it also feels good
Avril, are you back ?
Such a great band! I love that YouTube recommended them and now we get this new song. Yes! 😆
I hope Pale Waves don't become too "pop". I want Heather and Ciara to always have that goth vibe (while being somewhat pop)... weird explanation but The Tide is a perfect example of that.
Wow, I hate this. I hope this is not the new direction.
THIS IS SO AVRIL LAVIGNE, ALANIS MORISETTE I LOVE IT SO FUCKING MUCH
They don’t sound how they look like, but who cares right?
🖤🖤🖤
Jup.... We're back in the year 2000 😍😭
Estuve esperando esto tanto tiempo... y solo puedo decir que es HERMOSO 🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤 Ahora, procederé a escuchar está canción mas de 100 veces 🧡
First album was very 80's Cranberries and now it's like late 90's alt and Avril Lavigne vibes and I want a whole ass album.
👎👎👎                        👇👇👇  👉👉My Mind Makes Noises album👈👈                       👍👍👍
bringing the big-time Avril throwback!
Looks like regular Waves now!
I’m gonna fucjing cry
reminds me of early taylor swift when she started transitioning into pop
Huge Crazy Town vibes
I get Beabadoobee care vibes
I was listening to you CD again thinking plz make more music and BOOM!!! YOU ARE ALL AMAZING!!!
This sounds so much like old school Avril Lavigne and I'm living for it.
firee. \
OH MY GOD THIS IS EVEN BETTER THAN EXPECTED
I'm getting Celebrity Skin era Hole vibes but I'm not mad about it at all.
Definitely getting Avril Lavigne 2000s vibes from this song but i'm kind of disappointed with this being their lead release from the new era it's a mediocre comeback song. But that doesn't mean it's a bad song. Hopefully, by the title being Change means newer sounds are too come.
di my new favorite song in the world, istg
good song keep going.
Love them
Lyrics:  I remember it like it was yesterday My mother didn’t prepare me for this heartache Why did everything suddenly just change We were lying naked the other day  Now you act like I’m nobody But you still wanna go down on me And I know I’m a fool to believe I keep wishing you would  Change, change It’s no surprise you’re still the same, same I wish I’d never seen your face, but hey  You’ve hurt me a thousand times before But I’m missing you right now so do it once more  I’m being so irrational Don’t know what to do Just trying my best to get over you I sat in the shower couldn’t leave for a few hours Cause I let you back in, now I’m crawling out my skin  Now you act like I’m nobody But you still wanna go down on me And I know I’m a fool to believe I keep wishing you would  Change, change It’s no surprise you’re still the same, same I wish I’d never seen your face, but hey  You’ve hurt me a thousand times before But I’m missing you right now so do it once more  I keep running around in circles, baby stay My expectation keeps me hanging I shouldn’t feel this way Just wishin’ you would  Change, change It’s no surprise you’re still the same, same I wish I’d never seen your face, but hey  You’ve hurt me a thousand times before But I’m missing you right now so do it once more   Change, change (it’s no surprise you’re still the same, same) Change, change (I wish I’d never seen your face, but hey) Change, change  You’ve hurt me a thousand times before But I’m missing you right now so do it once more
🅟🅐🅛🅔 🅦🅐🅥🅔🅢 𝔹𝔼𝕊𝕋 𝔹𝔸ℕ𝔻 𝔼𝕍𝔼ℝ!!!
I love it!
I've waited for days to listen this song and it's finally here to bless my ears with your music and voice.   Love you guys!
Sounds like the story of how my ex girlfriend and I. Her behaves around me is similar. I wish she was a better person and I fall for it that night. Only for her to remain the same cold hearted girl.
Matty and his 2000's influance
ily guys so much this song is so good💕✨🖤
Los amo😭💞💞
LOVE THE SONG SO MUCH!!
ciara lookin' fire 😎
Masterpiece ❤️
It's alright. Was expecting something more shoegaze - like by the previews.
ame, ame, ame :2 <3
Omg you guys look so good
2020 ain't a bad year anymore. Thanks to all these amazing artists ♡.    By the way, i loved this so much, i'm sooo nostalgic, damnnn.
In love.
avril lavigne x liz phair this is literally what i look for in music !
i'm in heaven </3
Their first album was on repeat when I was finishing up my software engineering degree and I needed music to get me through long mornings. Got to see them live in 2018 in PDX. "My Obsession" is still one of the best songs ever. It's been a few years now and can't wait for their new album. Thanks for being my programming partner, guys.
THIS IS WHAT I NEEDED THIS YEAR 😭😭😭😭
This is a real masterpiece 🥺🥺🥺🥺
why is the audio in mono?
This is giving me early 2000's vibes and I love it!!!
Im so excited for new music.
ISSO É UMA OBRA DE ARTE
god i loved it
Absolutely smashed it yet again! I’m so proud to be apart of this journey! X
Just so good!
Very nice
A different style than before,like Avril in there I love it ❤️
I love how you can hear all the references they mentioned in their livestream just now., Avril Lavigne being the strongest. This song is so good, can't wait for the album
High art
Sounds like something Avril would sing a long time ago ❤❤❤❤❤
AVRIL VIBES ARE IMMACULATE
I FELL IN LOVE OF THIS SONG!!🥰
*wow effect*
Love you!
Not them selling out so quick i----
A Little Taylor, a Little Avril but She Is very nice :-)
The pre chorus (part that starts with “now you act like I’m nobody”) sound a lot like blank space by Taylor swift lol
Avril meets Taylor who then meets Hilary Duff and parties in a 1975 video
Fir....oh for goodness sakes, how are you all here earlier?!
can't wait to be transported back to 2002 and have a good cry on my bathmat with this album
The 2000s? It lives.
This is SUCH a different sound for them and I'm SO inlove with them experimenting well done on this track absolute 10/10 💖💖💖
I’m gunna save up my Change to buy the new album in February. Hopefully it will tell me Who Am I?.
Omg what a Queen you did so good I love you 😭✨✨✨✨✨✨
AVRIL VIBESSSSS MIXED WITH PALE WAVES LOVEEEEEEEEEEEEEE IT
YES I LOVE
u really did THAT. the song is amazing and also is the video, love from argentina guys
They really made 2020 better I’m so proud of them omg!! Yassss Pale Waves!! 🥰
avril lavigne vibes
Left ears blocked but me right ear knows this is a fookin tune!!
​Sing about a British deaf man looking for love!!!
Не плохо!!!
If you want to I can save you I can take you away from here
AHHHHHHH I LOVE IT. THE VIBE IS THERE
absolutely love
Ladies and Gentlemen, you are part of a wonderful history today, right now, here at this moment.
i l💜ve you
Yesssssss whoooo new pale waves 😎😎😎😎❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
This gives me 2000's vibes 😁✌🏻
I was literally wondering out loud to myself this morning whether Pale Waves would be able to continue putting out good music without copy/pasting previous songs...and you answered it perfectly...what an infectiously great song!...
It is deeeeeeeeeeceeeeeeeeeent
PLOT TWIST: She’s the Heather that Conan Gray was talking about
El video más rapido que he visto en mi vida 31 minutos desde su estreno. Pale Waves i love this band
Me encanta <3 es muy buena <3
Definitely, the title goes along with their late releases
freaking amazing guys <3
meu deus eu amo voces cara EU SOFRO 💞🌊🇧🇷
The drums w the acoustic guitar really give off early 2000s Avril Lavigne and Michele Branch type of vibes and I'm here for it
OMG sounds so different to their debut adore it!!! . I love so much guys Greetings from Colombia ❤️
change isn’t just a song, it’s a cultural reset, a reason to breathe, and an escape from this cruel world. it’s an art, the first gift you open on Christmas, a hug from a loved one. it’s everything you’ve ever wanted, everything you’ve ever need
THIS IS SO GOOD
From 2017 to now....She gets into my head and describes my life
Oo this is a little different from the first album, bringing me back to early 00s sounds. Love it
I like it, poppy but still has the grungy gothic aesthetic I think a lot of your fans like. I first discovered you from one of your hits, Television Romance. Really liked that song and have been steadily listening to your style since.
MY F* GOD IT'S so funny cus i can't STOP SING THIS SONG SO LOUD. Pale Waves is BACKK
This sounds like the band BWitched and I mean that in a really good way
fucking love this !!!!!!! big avril vibes😛😛
I love you pale i forget to think of you...i like very much your crazy
they don’t know how to release bad music
The video is way better than the song - but I stan pale Waves and hopefully it grows on me!!
🖤🥀
This screams Avril Lavigne - Let Go and I’m loving it!
♡♡♡
Love, love love it! So awesome!
im so proud, this is great
love that its still pale waves but updated
This gives me Avril Lavigne "Let go"/"Under my skin" Vibes, and I AM LIVING FOR IT.  YES.
The lyrics rly hit different 😭💜🎸
God this song explains exactly what I'm going thru rn
The Avril Lavigne influence is real, i love it
this song could be played at the bronze in Buffy
finally
I was terrified they were changing to a complete new style, but I love this so much ! X
Avril Lavigne vibe😍
Video  nice, song  feeble
Hope to see the new Pale Waves soon in the US! MUCH LOVE
Nice!
I GROW MORE AND MORE IN LOVE WITH YOU BY THE MINUTE
Before was 1975 sound and now Avril Lavigne one ;=) , anyway great Band!! regards from Barcelona SPAIN
You guys just made isolation so much better!!!
this is fkin amazingggg <3
I’m so so fucking excited for this album!! 🖤🤍my favorite band hands down.
Change reminds me of older relationships when i was younger, always wanting change from the other person. Instead of appreciating the reasons I love them I would too often focus on what I wanted to be different. Thank you for reminding me that when I'm feeling like this, I need to remember that what I need to change most, is my perspective.
I WAS WAITING SO MUCH FOR THEY TO COME BACK
wow wow wow ☠️☠️☠️
New album 2021
가사 좋다
my god this is perfect
Yes!
Avril Levine vibess
Exactly what I needed after all the kpop comebacks.❤️ Missed you Pale Waves.
love it too much 🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤
好棒啊
Nuevo temazo 🤘
Looks like the lovely band loves the rain 🌧
This is so beautiful... ;_;
Wonder what inspired the butterfly? 🦋
reminds of that avril lavigne era love it so much !💗💗💗
This is what I’ve been waiting for🖤
Glad that you guys are back with more. Love the song!
This reminds me of Avril Lavigne
Anyone else play this on 1.25x speed?  Try it my dudes.  It's like a whole nother song yall.  lol.
I’m so in love
Tbh, I expected them to keep doing the same as before and eventually fall off, BUT THEY DIDN'T
That made my day! . . 👍
She looks like this Chamalet guy
I think I’m having an aneurysm..... the aesthetic.... the new sound.... this is immaculate !!
ALWAYS A  HIT
Getting some strong Michelle Branch/Avril Lavigne vibes. This song would have fit perfectly in 2002. Also digging young Eminem on the bass.
Amazing Song, Cant wait to see you live again once this shite pandemic is over <3
о май это просто вау
I LOVE IT !!!!!!!
<3
THIS HAS LITERALLY SAVED 2020🖤
Taylor swift + Avril lavigne = HBG change
From Television Romance, to this. Im so emotional
Early & Mid Aughts Energy.
okay this song is going to be on repeat for the foreseeable future . IN LOVE 🖤🖤🖤
PALE WAVES SAVED 2020!!! Like if u agree
can't wait for the next album with this song 🥺
Lovely release. A lot softer sound.
I love it!
This song gives me some Avril Lavigne's vibes. Like it!!!
Love this new track!
Who’s here before a million views?🥳
i feel like the  end of 90s
"it's been 84 years"
i'm in love,, obsessed with this !!
Leaving footprints  Wednesday, 11/11/20 Love from Indonesia
I really like them.
soft girl to e girl
its like a new sound.. mmmm i like it but i prefer the other sound.
Perfect
Been on you guys since Television Romance, and saw you at o2 forum last year. Loving this new sound (and sick retro video)
her voice sounds more natural (y)
The video seems to add something to the song, takes some of the poppy edges off the sound. This is the third time I've heard it now and I feel it will become a favourite of 2020. Now we just have the long wait for the new album next year.
yeah babe, a real change and a song that when you first listen reminds you Avril Lavigne, a little bit (at least for me) of Paramore and Beabadoobee. loving this one!! and her voice has improved so much that i am jealous haha. love u guys
I love Heather so so so, SO much.
Wow.... love it!! Simply amazing song. Wish I could hear more new songs
I love this band 😍
How long did the song take to write? And who wrote it?
Taylor swift
Cool. Love from Peru! ❤️❤️❤️
Aaaaaa
WELL THIS WAS IMMACULATE I AM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW I AM CRYING
change isn’t just a song, it’s a cultural reset, a reason to breathe, and an escape from this cruel world. it’s an art, the first gift you open on Christmas, a hug from a loved one. it’s everything you’ve ever wanted, everything you’ve ever need
beautiful :’)
creativity <3 <3
Looks like I am in the minority, when I saw you guys in Cambridge you blew me away, I loved every song, I loved the album, but this song is a bit safe, wheres the edge gone, I don't like change (literally) :(
nothing but love for my goth gf
WOW You're so sexy the way you move and rock the guitar.  Oou, oou  A+++  I like like  <333
Sounds like blank space - Taylor Swift
AAAAAA I luv every single song, they are just amazing and makes me super happy
I’m not gonna lie I don’t hate it but I don’t love it either! sounds very 90’s ish maybe it will grow on me over time who knows 🤷🏻‍♂️
I just love it.....thankyou pale waves.🖤
I hate it. Why did they go away from their original sound? It sounds like they're sellouts, playing it safe and to what's been done before.
it feels like christmas  <3
Sublime. 🦋
we agree it’s perfection, nice. Let’s cry for this beautiful song.
it's amazing, I'm glad my day :)
been so long 🖤🦋
Avril Lavigne vibes are real.
Love this! I feel like their sound has evolved in the best way!
O ritmo da música me lembrou uma mistura de The cranberries e avril lavigne 🤔
So 2000's! Avril Lavigne vibes, I knew if Pale Waves went more rock it would do something different.
FINALLY!  Real People. Real Music. Real Lyrics. 2020 we hear you!
Awesome waves ❤️
Love it 🖤
my god heather is stunning 😍
Yeah
talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique, completely not ever been done before
the only problem in this song is that it ended :'(  LOVEYAAAAA
The 90s vibes are SO GOOD
Great as always, stuck on repeat
Avril Lavigne Under My Skin vibes and I’m here for it
watched live fucking amazing
Abosulte 🔥
ARGENTINA WAS HERE
Oh hello 90s grunge era Pale Waves 😍😍😍🖤🖤🖤
AAAAA MEU DEUS TA INCRÍVEL!!!!!
YIKES
Hella good, well worth the wait!
LOVE FROM FRANCE 🇫🇷
Broccoli in the background 🥦🥦
🖤
рыдаю!😭как же хорошо
I love you 💕
This gives me 2000's/2010's vibes! Thanks for taking me back to these times!
There's a change in the style here
Wow. Total “Under My Skin” vibes. I love it.
THE AVRIL VIBES!!!!!!!
Let’s go this fire
Avril? Taylor swift?
I ASPIRE TO BE THIS FUCKING AESTHETIC!  I LOVE YOU BBYS! ♥♥ VISIT THE PHILIPPINES SOON!
Holy fuck this is so good
AHHHH ITS SO GOOOD
🔥🔥🔥
Happy birthday HBG. 🖤🥀
I miss their touring!!! Heather performing Red while using a red guitar 😪😪😪
Привет! До того как это соберёт более миллиона просмотров
🖤
Absolutely love the new song ^_^ Avril lavigne vibes <3 Can't wait to seee ya again!
BUZZING
Typing this 1min before the song premieres! I can’t wait omg 🖤 Okay that song is so sick
are you kidding me with the gum ads youtube
I'm excited to see what it's gonna sound like
Its being awesome to see real musicians making realmmusic during the craziness of 2020
Been following you guys since the first release day of there’s a honey. Nearly 4 years ago!! Big love. Can’t wait for who am i 🖤
EU AMO VOCÊS
An absolute bop, do we have an album release date yet?
omg yes finally
Just heard this twice on Annie Macs radio show! Amazing .. cannot wait for the new album! Pure fire!
you can only like if you were here before the premier
I love this band :3
I love you unconditionally
PALE WAVES <33333
finally
I'm so exciteeeeeeeeed !!!
🥰🥰🥰🥰
FINALLY,  BOUT DAMN TIME, I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR MORE AND NEW MUSIC FROM THEM
have such a huge feeling this gonna be good
2020 has been saved ❤️👄❤️
🕯🕯🕯
I can't  sleep
if you like the soft rock, please come to my profile to know to Alnx't and our material, i know will like you 1 minimum
even though i have only just found pale waves i absolutely love them ,i have found peace with there music and it has made my 2020 better .cant wait to hear change!!!
Hello from Brazil 💜
Finally!!!!! Omg!!!!! I’m so excited
Grrrrr
I just hope this will be some new sound
So excited! ‘Noises’ was the first song I heard from Pale Wave and I was hooked. Seen them last year in Birmingham, can’t wait til they’re touring again 🤘🏼🖤🤘🏼🖤
I’m so ready
OMG I'M SO EXCITED! I've been waiting a long time for this one🖤🦋 can't wait! YEAY
omg i'm so excited!!
She's so beautiful :P
Oh very cool a premier through YouTube. Will it he on Spotify after i wonder?
AAAH I'VE BEEN WAITING 3 YEARS FOR NEW MUSIC LETS GOO
<3
This is gonna rock!!
soooo excited <3
Avril + Paramore = Pale Waves
SO EXCITEEED
IM SO SO EXCITED OMGGG
EXCITE
I want the stream, I want the cd, I want the vinyl, I want the merchandise, I want the tour dates I want it all!!!!
CANT WAAAAAIT
"i wish i'd never seen your face" me to everyone except my baby<3
Yeeees
I 🖤 y’all from philippines 😍😙
can't waitttttttttttt from thailand
I mean..the cure..
i'm so excited
IM SUPER EXCITED
The thumbnail reminds me of Taylor Swift Teardrops on my guitar but Heather's more of a goth Queen and definitely more aesthetically pleasing...... I can't even...
Heather I love you very much, the music of your band is what I need in this world
At laaast yuhooo
Ooh perfection 🥺🖤🦋
I guess 2020 has something good in it
This is not a jk but i just went through all Pale Wave’s songs on my Spotify playlist. “Casually” jamming (headbanging) to the songs, and then went on YT n I got this recommendation, FOR ONCE YT DID A GOOD JOB Soo excited for this comeback!!
🥺🥺🥺🥺
REMINDER ON!!!!! SO EXCITEEEEEED 🖤🖤🖤
I’m so excited for new music!!!!
I JUST FOUND THIS GROUP AND WAS WONDERING IF THEY WERE GONNA RELEASE NEW MUSIC, MY PRAYERS HAVE BEEN ANSWERED  😭 😭  Edit: Im gonna blast this all day omg
IM SO HYPED DUDE
THE GOTH MOMS LIVE
Come to Mexico again 🖖🏼👽🇲🇽
Pale Waves ❤️
Finally some good food
i’m so fking excited
CAN'T WAIT OMG, LOVEEEEEE
Love it when you just get into a band and they release new music the same week
Yessss I can't wait 🖤
YOOOOOO
2020 has been saved
aw yeah lets fuckin GO
I’m counting down the minutes and hours.. 22 hours to go omg
I'm so excited :D  EDIT - I wasn't let down, this is amazing!
Oh GOD, oh GOD, oh GOD, oh GOD!!! <3
she’s so beautiful i can’t anymore, heather will always have my heart.
My faith in the world has been restoreeeeeed
HECK YES I CAN'T WAIT!!! I discovered their music about 1 year ago and I've been a fan ever since, it's so exciting to get to hear new music!!
can't wait!
hello girls and gays;))
I JUST cannot wait any longer!!
It’s been too long 🔥🖤 definitely gonna be worth the wait
I'm so excited for this!!!  I hope that u can come to Argentina soon. Love u guys, and congratulations for your new song 🖤🖤🖤
I know exactly what gonna happen when I hear it. I’m gonna CRY 😭 omg 🤍
💕💕💕
Can't wait!!!!!!
💖💖💖💖
Ready 4 dat change bbs ❤️💅🏻🥰
I might probably get black heart inked on me today.
Yessss at last!!
lesbian anthem incoming
love 🖤🖤🖤
HEYYYH
omg i'm so hapyyy
I CANT WAIT
SO EXCITED OH MY GOD XX
It's funny because I JUST started going through their first release again, so it works out nicely.
So excited for this!!!
I’m not ready, but I can’t wait any longer!🖤🖤🖤 This has already saved my 2020!
