Well guys I hope you’re as excited (or as nervous) as I am about this. 2,000km, 21 days, 6 guests along the way. Together we’ll see discover amazing places, meet wonderful people and no doubt witness some rather crazy things along the way. Bring it on. And now it’s your chance to shape the series! Send us your challenges below and help make this a trip to remember! 🍻 https://www.abroadinjapan.com/challenges  🍿See BEHIND the scenes on Patreon and help us keep JAJ ad free! https://www.patreon.com/abroadinjapan
Keep going, you are enjoyed. Most stuff on tube is less than watchable.
Preproduction is the most complicated and most important step. Go go go.
I'd love to see Chris with his own TV show. He's just as funny and entertaining as people like Alan Carr or Johnathan Ross. I could see him as a regular on 'cats does countdown' or 'would I lie to you'... He's so vibrant and naturally funny - you can't help but want to see another video.
Hello I am doub it your voice in hindi
Even with this renewed promise with his team of editors and producers, they couldn't keep daily video uploads.
This studio is really well done
What!? This guy STOLE a camcorder off an ELDERLY RELATIVE in his youth!? UNSUB!
I love jaj so much. It’s been amazing to see how far you’ve come
looking forward to all the videos and the tour with natsuki was great to see!
Basho is currently turning over in his grave............
Natsuki is so funny. he reminds me of this character in a book I read, the character had a quirk where he used curse words often and wrong.
If you want spontaneous, Join us on our bike ride from Aomori to Nikko next month.
i was there when u said top 10 things not to do in japan and i will be watching this. cant w8
Your book Abroad in Japan, is as funny as hell, and really interesting too. Thanks. Really inspirational.
Natsuki is an epic Japanese Man hehe.
Been watching your channel for a long time. It’s your ability to make me feel like I’m right there with you hanging out with a friend. Your ability to really connect to people is rare. Love it. Can’t wait to keep seeing what you come up with next
Japan aged you like a lada in a saltmine dude
Chris... As a viewer who was here in your early days... And as one whose algorithm suddenly stopped spamming your videos... And one whose back again after about 2 years cause i thought about you spontaneously...You haven't changed man... Your voice is still as British as ever... your videos are still in your style... And they keep giving me the urge to book a plane ticket to japan and just explore (i cant afford lol otherwise i really would just do it lmao)... What am i saying? You're cool man... We like you where you are... If you want to do more.. we welcome it... if you want to slow down... we welcome it... We just don't want you to stop...  Much love Teekay
Even with a huge team he still couldn't do daily videos to the quality he demands, shows how much work he was doing on the first journey!
I remember 10 ish years (nearly as long as this message now) ago sitting in Melbourne with my new Japanese girlfriend… seeking dome insight i came across this slightly nervous, somewhat lonely gormless lovable twat…showing me how to hide utility bills in the cupboard and building a relationship with a bird, a real squawker (one with wings). Giving Japanese language hints. Watching you develop into a Japanese icon has been a joy… from the night Natsuki accosted you (accurate)…. Now i live here and understand some of the delights and quizzical experiences. You’re an awesome ambassador  for an awesome country.
you got me genuinely scared with this preview
We love watching ur videos chris
Can't believe it's been 10 years already
long time follower. The set is amazing. WOW
Thank you for all you have shown us.!  We have grown with you on your journey. Can't wait to see more.
Your place is so badass man. I dream of a space like that someday! Love your and Sharlas content! Love from Florida!
niiice
It might not be a lot of content, but darn, it’s EPIC! Quality counts too. If you can do both, then all the best to you, Just don’t burn out and feel irritated at the relentless pace. ❤
That salon is so cool
I have been watching your videos for 5 yaers now i love your content and makes me so excited to go i hope i can meet you when i get there in 2025
Do you have a shower now in the new set? It all looks amazing. If you have a shower Natsuki could stay ❤
I just read your whole book in a way, and hadn’t come across your channel before. My god it’s amazing coming here now and looking up everything you reference and meeting all the people. Thank you for sharing, this has been the window into Japan I’ve been looking for years. Looking forward to coming along live for the next journey!
I appreciated the video Chris, and btw I had to nick the title for something I was working on , I assume I have your permission
It's been so awesome to have a peek into Japan, the people, the places, and some of the things those fortunate enough to visit can see and experience. That's not what makes your channel a success though. It's you, your presentation, and the fact that you invite us along to see your adventures and to meet some of the people, characters, and friends that you have made along the way.  All of this while being respectful to the nation and people of Japan. You're a tourist role model and a great ambassador for all of us gaijin that hope to one day visit!
Omg, your name is so silly!
Good gracious, you were so serious that I was expecting that you're going to announce hiatus or something more permanent. I'm glad to hop on another journey across Japan!
I will always rather watch a video you put out that you felt happy about making than see a ton of videos. Remember we watchers need to be able to keep up too! So please just make videos that make you happy and it will shine through and we will enjoy them, even if two videos are 4 hours or 4 months apart.   I do think the algorithms is cruel though. I certainly can see that struggle.
Mate your videos makes me rethink my whole itinerary for my next trip to Japan!! I hate crowds and love visiting gems or going off the beaten path. Thank you
Be proud of what you've created, you bring so many people together to share the wonderful journey with you, keep at it you grumpy brit man~
Any plans to settle down with a Japanese girl?
hell yeah
All I expect from you, Chris, is fun videos and Taken for Garnted
Personally super impressed that you struggled with a goal and rather than give up, you’re going for it again! Loved the original and sure to love this series!
Be safe the seven of you c:!  That’s the most important thing.
we neen Gant here
Rip Grant
huge
Ten years...wow what a ride. Here's for another 10.
Started to plan a Japan trip (my dream trip) at the beginning of the year, and then I got sick. I’m still sick. But I think there is an upside: I started watching your channel and have gotten a much better idea of what I’d like to experience while I am there. Also, having the extra time to plan will probably pay off. I’ve honestly never had such a hard time planning an oversea’s trip. Maybe that’s because I’ve never traveled to Asia, and it’s a bigger learning curve. I watch so many Japan blogs, and I love planning my own trips, but for the second time in my life… I think I need a travel agent. 😂 I wish you (or one of my other Japan YouTubers) would just hurry up and start a travel agency already. As if any of you need MORE work on your plate. 😂 Seriously though, I’m finally at the point where I can afford to do this trip the way I want to, and now I’m paralyzed by the fear that I might screw things up with my planning. Got scammed on some Chunnel tickets I bought on my last trip, and I guess I’m still traumatized.
Natsuki's adorable. he did make me wonder if you could actually make a film with just your studio though? might be afun challenge when Non-Stop North is over and you've recovered
I love your friendship with Natsuki and I hope to gain this close of a relationship with someone during my time studying abroad. Good luck with this series!!
Is it just me or does Natsuki give off the same vibes as Jack Black?
It'd be impossible for him to be a documentarian on BBC or Netflix. He doesn't have any vials of child blood, they aren't gonna be convinced with money.
Can't believe it's been5 years since journey across Japan...banger series 👌🏾
Nutsacki's English is definitely improving.
you cannot be happy when Natsuki appears on screen . Chris you look trim / like your fit for the upcoming trip !😜
4:32 Where is this? It's almost perfectly secluded!
I can't believe the first journey across Japan was 5 years ago. You have been my biggest inspiration and journey across Japan made me want to start my own channel
Dude, your channel is Travel Channel quality.  Keep being you, and the success will come...
Wow 10 years, I remember being in high-school watching your stuff on the weekends and now I'm working offshore in the gulf of Mexico. Slowly working on my Japanese here and there wheb I'm not busy with work or home lifem hope to make it to Japan next year and maybe buy you a beer dude!
You should apply to be the next David Attenborough for real
It's amazing  to hear the continuation of Journey of Japan is coming back. I love the original journey. I watched the original series on my other channel and now I'm happy to hear the series came out. I can't wait for the fun and exciting adventures. That was a cool poster of you with a katana maybe make skits. Also I got a challenge pick one of a few cosplay cards to determine what you cosplay as for events. I love the small easter eggs like the Super Mario plushy. Cool video. ^_^
Here's a challenge - talk to three people with the same name and take them all to eat chicken on a stick.
Lmaooo the introduction of Connor getting slapped. I’m dying
Kyoto's attractions were the worst we ran into people wise and we ended up powering though them because of how chaotic it was but it was our favorite city regardless lol Takayama stole our hearts too as a smaller town. First day back at work post a month in Japan and the post holiday dark dog is creeping already but the photos and memories will keep our heads high as we work towards another! Thanks for your tips, We will be back!
I'm disappointed that there is no acknowledgement that there is very seldom broads being shown in Japan.  that's false advertising.  It should be Abloke in Japan.
Who the hell said you don't release enough content? I've been watching you since litterly year one and I think it's been fine! Like you do have a life after all, you aren't a YouTube robot, geeezzz lol!
I loved the set man. That’s awesome
❤❤❤That studio set is over 9000!!! Challenge idea: Chris and Natsuki go head to head in a death match of Japan's most ludacris drinking games!
Been watching since your 2nd uploaded video, absolutely incredible the journey you have taken, It is very much like a magic!! 😁
The Elderly Editing Team Guy Looked Just Like "The War Walrus" John Bolton. Legitimately Thought It Was Him.
Excited to see the next series as I am now living in Aomori prefecture
Natsuki is a complete pisser 😂😂the best 😂👏👏👏👏
Goodluck! My favorite one is still the 1st one. It made me one of you biggest fan.
Challege: sleep a night in the kei car
Chris, why are you so hard on yourself? Journey Across Japan was nothing short of awesome and will always have a special place in my heart: I discovered it by accident during the height of the pandemic. It literally gave me life, it was so entertaining.
Can we experience the real Japanese life like going to a baseball game? No games in winter sorry..😊
Wow, can’t wait to travel the  journey with you all! Hope you all are/were alright, throughout it ❤! Thanks for always working hard to put out the best content!  The last one may come out on my 1/2 birthday, 12/21(?), so it’s a neat “gift” to end it on that day, if you do!
You should have asked Garnt to come along so it could have been called taken for garnted.
Why don't you guys consider going by train? I think it would really be pretty interesting to see Japan from an Interrail-POV. And also, you know, Mobility Transition and stuff.
Natsuki always puts a smile on my face, what a fun guy
This is great to hear. I lived in Tohoku for 3 years about 20 years ago. It’s a hidden gem.
Its been incredibly to watch you, the team and speacial guests grow and develop over the years. I am so excited to see what in next instore. <3 Safe journey folks!
Come to 五戸町 in 青森県 They have a really nice restaurant authentic Mexican  food, It's call "viva la vida".
I'm honestly surprised Chris hasn't just turned his channel into a full-blown production company that pumps out videos like some of the other YTers have. Bring smaller creators in under his wing and grow into a proper media empire.
Hey at least the car is an upgrade for warmth.
Bravo, Chris - love your channel, and I'm looking forward to your new journey with all your friends and basically non-stop content in December. Yippeee! And I sure wish I had a recording of Natsuki to play for all the telemarketers that call me - priceless. The man has made "fuck off" an art form. Love you guys! I wish I could subscribe more than once.❣
It is a bit insane that looking back the first video I watched on this channel when it was uploaded was the one about you stuffing water bills into a cupboard as they were in Japanese and that is just what one does until getting deported. No idea how long ago that was, but it feels like an eternity. I have lived on multiple continents since then and grew so much as a person, yet the channel, despite being very different, grew with me all those years!
Never comfortable with this new world of self analysis and exhibition but It is wild to see you succeed and put yourself out there. I did Japan for 2.5 years recently and I wish I had your energy and strength. OSAKA and to the south. The most beautiful country I have seen. Niigata a gorgeous farmland. All the 1000 teeny weeny islands. But start with SADO. After this tour of course.
Awesome! Can't wait to see it... and Natsuki is the best.
I have a request for you. I know in a series like Journey Across Japan you can only feature so many great off-the-beaten-path spots in the time you have. But I wonder if you would be willing to share your “cutting room floor” as well? Like at the end of your videos or in the description, what are some other spots that you couldn’t fit, but that we should look into if we are planning a trip to Tohoku?
can someone give a tldr,this is too much yapping
Natsuki going from ojisan to ojiisan (I say this with love)
I lived in Kyushu for 3 years. I loved it and still love going back. I always learn something new. The East of Japan is on my list. This will be a perfect start to that knowledge gather to learn more. Good luck and thank you!
Please be safe going around Japan. Wishing you success in this journey! Will for sure be taxing but fun.
Well, seeing your growth i think, as a frequent visitor of your channel, that you have been extremely loyal to us (the viewer) too. E.g.: the studio you built to procure us with better content. So thank you for that. Looking froward immensely to this journey and wishing you the best of luck.
Oh, so nice to see more content about Tohoku! I’ve been to Sendai twice and I loved it there. Everything you said about the place and its wonderful people is so true. I love it there. I’ll be following this series with much anticipation 🎉
Chris! If you pass through Misawa, I'd love to meet up! Sounds like you already have a full itinerary, but here's to making dreams a reality! I have a small number of videos on my channel about my adventures in Tohoku, mostly hiking related. Plenty of strange, cool, funny, and straight up beautiful experiences! Looking forward to seeing it through your lense!
... 😮‍💨 Chris! Take a break 👉🏻 💔⚠️😢
Subscribed! Good luck :)
OMG I can't wait. Safe travels  😃
I think you have always put out the right amount of content. If you put it to much we won't be able to savour and enjoy it.
since its in december its gonna be like an awesome adventcalendar :D
So happy for you Chris!
Ohhhh yes! Super excited for this!!
Ooh, really looking forward to the new JAJ videos-- my partner and I took 2 weeks to explore smaller towns and cities in Tohoku in fall 2018 (including Hachinohe, on your recommendation) and it was absolutely wonderful. Thanks for all you do!
dr. jelly!  yes i cant wait!
Daily videos is a stupid idea and the best way to kill a channel. Just focus on quality over quantity. Otherwise people just stop watching.
The coolest bloke in Japan! BTW Chris is referenced in another YouTube video about foreigners who disrupt the "和" by doing outrageous things in Japan. I won't bother mentioning them, but their trash is viewable on YouTube. Chris is brilliant and witty in the dry British manner, unlike the other two who can only get attention by being offensive.  Luv the studio! Just look at the well thought out details! As a pun on the Adams Family theme song goes, "The place is a museum, when people come to see 'im. He really is a scre-um. Chris Broad is in Japan."
Just found this channel and went back to watch the previous series of your travels! I'm excited for what's to come!
ahhhhhhhh, finally a reason to be excited for December.
Damn! Can't wait for the new series!
I’m so happy just thinking about the new journey! 😎
💜💜💜
Will the next thing be make natsuki wquit smoking?
Thank you so much for everything. I am living in Tokyo and you were one of my biggest inspirations.
Use snowbikes!
Please pay a visit to Nakadomari-machi in Aomori. I taught there for 5 years while I was a JET. Beautiful countryside and wonderful people. The Tsugaru stove train is there in the winter as I'm sure you know. More folks need to visit there.
Good luck on the crazy journey to come!
Looking forward to that series 😂
Just finished your book. Bloody loved it. Having watched your channel since the start I loved reliving some of those early moments like meeting Natsuki. It was great 😊. Top marks, 5 stars, 2 thumbs up.
Love it xx
You look like Christopher Walken in Sleepy Hollow. 😂
always with great content
Can we get that picture of Natsuki on a tshirt?
Chris, my man, hope you see this comment. I started watching you when I was 14. And I am 21y now. Times flies real quick. If I had a request, would be you letting us still keep up with your life, daily life, videos. I am brazilian with japanese roots so I love you posting videos about Japan. Always grateful !!
Hoooray!!! 🥳 So glad to see more of Japan that isn't the overcrowded tourist spots.  Will be glued throughout December!!! Thankyou in advance Chris and team!!! 🤗❤
Looking forward to your new journey ❤
You’re kinda like Japanese too gear at this point idk maby I weirt conclusion but ya thank you for sharing your wonderful journey
:D natsuki is so funny! always puts a smile on my face. so dramatic! heh
6:45 honestly, just seeing you and natsuki hanging out would be fun and entertaining. to add to the dailies. low effort? max fun?
glad you're still at it, Chris.  you're my biggest YouTube inspiration although my content is nothing like yours 😂
Petition to make Garnt join the challenges
good gravy, its been 5 years since Journey Across Japan 1?!
Sometimes what makes some places the "best" are the lack of tourists and people. Just saying :)
The original series is my absolute favorite series about exploring Japan! Can't wait to see more!!!
Fun Challenge: wear a costume for the entire day/night when out and about..the catch-- 1800-2000's famous person but not Japanese-like the Colonel from KFC
Been watching you forever dude! So surreal and amazing to see how far you've come. The channel has been an escape from me and a source of comfort, just to relax and watch your adventures! Thank you!
Good luck on your journey mate and thanks for coming to my pub Warrior Celt.  I hope next time we can meet up as it seems you love this country as much as me and have been here for around the same time.  Again, good luck and I'm looking forward to watching it.  ... About the car ... I hope you're taking a mechanic and super extra small snow chains.
VIELEN LIEBEN DANK
Every time I see a video with a vague title and a pensive person on the thumbnail I think the channel's done
This is the best advent Calendar anyone could ask for! A snowy journey in Japan with the best crew around! Can't wait to watch as we all travel with you! Best of luck!
"You bet we're fucking not" - have a sub, that made me laugh
God Bless and Good luck. You will be successful I am sure for you got that "Spark". Rock on buddy and cheers from Texas.
I literally just binged the first Journey Across Japan for the first time and finished yesterday afternoon. This is great news! I can't wait
This is epic! i cant wait to watch every single episode of this series!
I recently moved to Hokkaido for the winter season as do many other international snow-seekers due to the numbers of tourists who are more familiar with use of English language than Japanese itself. It’d be great to hear whether Chris will be doing a features in this region, there are so many great angles to come in at.
Excited cant wait
04:22 That Tohuku picture looks like a giant steak.
Thanks Chris, one painful reality I’m constantly reminded of as I age is that I will never spend enough time in or experience enough of Japan.
"I learned from my past mistakes" *does it again* 😂   On a serious note though, the channel is fantastic and the editing is great. It's also amazing to see less known areas, as Chris said. I'm slightly jealous of all his adventures, but immeasurable happy to watch them! I am also thoroughly glad to see a fellow English person keeping that classic humour! Hopefully I'll be able to make it to an event if he holds one in London! Keep it up Chris !!!
I just spent 2 nights in Morioka as part of my holiday in Japan, everyone seemed really eager to chat to me and interested why I’d chosen to visit there, and I’d only seen 6 other foreigners in 48 hours. It’s a beautiful city and definitely deserves more attention.
So it’s like an advent calendar of YouTube content, Abroad in Japan style!
I love how the studio is 50% all juiced up and 50% "just a room" btw
Hopefully timelapses make a comeback in JAJ
You are one of the rare creators who are still consistently getting a million+ views for each upload.  Year after year.
looking forward to it
LET´S GOOOOOOOOO
When I saw "the next chapter" I thought you were going to leave us. Glad you meant another trip! You are wonderful to see and hear. Thanks!
Break a leg Chris! Not literally, obviously. I got nervous when you said you were going to drive around northern Japan in a ……KEI car. If you’d said electric car I would have deleted my channel. 😂
If Anpanman doesn't make his mandatory appearance, then I'm not watching!!!!😤😤😤
I cant wait to watch! You've been such a huge influence for me to visit Japan, and the north to be specific, because I hear its kind of like Michigan, where I'm from. so i honestly cant wait to see this series!! Be safe, and have fun!
i love how the cabinet reflection makes it look like he is talking by myself
buy a Toyota!
We need a Pete Donaldson cameo.
♥
Good luck looking forward to the new travels
I AM SO READY FOR THIS JOURNEY CHAPTER!!!
Chris what you are doing with bringing all this to more eyes and seeing parts you normally don't really is something special. Glad to see another great jorney. Makes you fall in love with japan every time anew.
Best of luck, Chris! I've been watching for a long time, and you always have the most engaging content. keep up the good work!
lets fucking goooooo, so hyped about this
Yes!
I would lose my mind (in a non creepy way to be clear) if I ever got to meet you. I've been watching for so long and you have been a great inspiration and helped me on my own journey across Japan! Please come to Las Vegas and do a book signing ❤
Pls bring pete back as well. Those videos with him are some of my favourite from journey across Japan!! Hilarious bloke
Chris, we need a 24/7 Natsuki stream, the man is a proper legend. I'm def looking forward to the new series!!
Can't wait,  I'll be watching and enjoying.
I absolutely LOVED journey across Japan 🗾 I can't wait to watch this next installation 😁😁😁😁
YES! Very excited. Thank you for running this channel for so long. This is probably as close to Japan as I will ever get and I have watched you for years. I am forever grateful that you do this.
This is wonderful news, can't wait to follow your journey again!
I genuinely LOVE natsuki's energy, he genuinely puts a smile on my face every single time i see him on your videos. truly a role model to look up to.
So excited!!
Hello!! I’m 25 years old Japanese .🇯🇵 I want to speak English because  Next year I’m going to go to Wimbledon to watch tennis match . Why don’t we teach languages each other🤝
8:19 ur welcome
Cut natsuki hair as a challenge
I NEED to hear more information about your set.  Is this your apartment or do you rent another space for this?  How did you get the idea for it?  Do you have an entire stable of movie set designers on call to create this?  I have sooo many questions...
Your videos helped me coped with depression few years ago. And for that, you have my thanks.
Your first journey across japan got me through a tough time. I will continually support you.
One of the most comforting channels in youtube....keep it up
Can't wait! 🎉
i loved the OG way more than the others im so up for this good luck to you man
Geez... AinJ is starting to get really posh - special editing team!!!!! Will they have their own tiny van? :)
I've always wanted to compare northern Japan snowfall to Ontario snowfall ❄️ and how well a Japanese AWD car handles it.  Are winter tires common?   I would like to see it conquered in an AWD Mazda3 hatch or something small and AWD.   Maybe even a dinky little AWD Kei  car?
I see these hot springs are regret my tattoos … 😢
So glad that you didn't forget your old mates in all the fame you are a good soul
It only took the first minute and 45 seconds and I had to like the video. Just watching you guys having fun is so wholesome!
Was in Japan in September for the first time to fulfill a lifelong ambition.. amazing place but just not enough time .. we took the ferry from Busan to fukuoka and spent time in Hiroshima, Kyoto and Tokyo .. we tried that Okonomiaki place you recommended in Hiroshima and it didn't disappoint and they were delighted with your shout out. So want to go back.
I have access to Nertflix and Disney and I watch you. Well done Chris your very good.
Visit the Silver Ball Planet pinball warehouse in Osaka! Preferably during Jan 14-19 :D
HAVE SOME BEAR MEAT IN THE NORTHERN PARTS THAT SERVE IT, I THINK HOKAIDO
Looking forward to it! Really enjoyed all your journeys!
I'm so excited for this!
You can start by getting a life
The room is so beautiful and cozy! I love the daruma especially!
You really don’t get along with Gigguk 😂😂😂
First challenge: Eat the yellow snow.
Thanks for everything you do Chris, inspired me to go to Japan with my buddies back in April and it was the best two weeks of my life.
Just don't push yourself too hard man, we all enjoy the content, even if its not everyday.
"with an audience who appreciates what I do here" me: 👋hi Chris, that's me! 😁ty
I’ve always been the type of tourist that hates the large crowds and super popular places. I’m looking forward to your trip through the Tohoku region. When I eventually visit Japan I want to go to the less touristy areas so I’ll be paying attention.
YAAAAAAAAAA
You have inspired me to start my own channel! Thank you! I am looking forward to your trip in Tohoku!
I agree with there being so many people in Kyoto and Osaka. We were just there and when we headed towards kanazawa, takayama and Shirakawa-go (where we met you and Sharla), it was so much nicer. We will be skipping kyoto and Osaka next time and doing all the areas by car again.   We can't wait to watch the new series.
Imho bits not neccessary to do a vod per day!!! U already have so much material online. Better do quality and upload every 3-4 days intead.
Great show we are now here in Sendai under your recommendation it is a beautiful city. What is the route you are taking for the drive?
So here's my challenge: I used to live in Kitakami in '95 and at that time, anywhere outside of Sendai in Tohoku, signs of Christmas were nill or extremely rare. However, in Hanamaki there was a Coca Cola factory and each Dec the downtown would become a Christmas winter wonderland. The challenge is to take a bike up the trail from Kitakami to Hanamaki along the Kitakami river to see if the holiday cheer is still there! This is in Iwate btw :)
Had tuned out for a while but loved the journey across japan. Glad I found this video. Looking forward to catching up on your videos and for the neXt chapter
Been watching for years and are very happy to see you growing larger.
Aww, just missed my once-"hometown" in Nasushiobara. Have fun!
I enjoy your channel and seeing Japan.  You're right about Tohoku and northern Japan not getting a lot of tourists compared to other regions.  I was in Misawa, Aomori Pref. and the area was beautiful and the people were friendly.  I'm glad that it isn't known to more tourists, otherwise it may become crowded and touristy like Kyoto, Osaka and Tokyo.
the camera is way too close. you aren't attractive or even easy to look at, you aren't pithy or witty. i struggled to watch this for actual seconds. had to jump around to see if any of it was worth watching, pulled out early.  it would be much easier if you stopped trying to make it interesting by moving around and slapping your hands together so often, if you'd back up off the camera 3 feet and stop acting with your body how a radio dj does with his voice. take it down two notches at least.
intangible things, like numbers. as a data analyst, numbers are the most tangible things to me.
Seriously so excited for this - I love Tohoku and want to learn as much as possible!! Thank you for your dedication to quality and thinking critically about your future with your audience :)
Can't wait for your Okinawa visit. You are always welcome here my friend.
Won't lie, I had a moment that this was a goodbye video (because I default to pessimism) but I'm definitely in the group that's excited for this, and excited that you continue to bring us all to places in Japan that aren't the usual tourist places. Also, Natsuki, always a joy
I'm praying pete doesn't keep dropping in his top american friend rankings. Swear he was number 1 before the birthday video😢
glad it’s back
I’m so excited! Can’t tell you how much I love your content I get so excited every time I see you’ve posted a new vid. Hope all is well
Is, Akita, on the list?
Yeah, Chris  You don't have to edit the video for daily videos if you hire an editor.
This guy out here playing animal crossing irl lmao.
I’m so ready for this 🎉🎉
Natsuki's Chris impression on the phone lmaooo
8:16 🤣
yes monke content
This JAJ will get the channel to 3M as well. Might have to celebrate in one of the episodes.
telephone should b called ring ring
been watching these videos on and off for years... glad you're still kicking about :)
We absolutely love our trip to Japan last month. Our favourite bit was probably Aomori and Noboribetsu (it's where he proposed too!) and it was all thanks to you for introducing them in your videos. My fiancé wants to go back to those places again in 2025. He even entertained the idea of moving to Aomori! I'm really looking forward to this new series. Hoping to learn more places we could go in 2025 :)
I've always liked that Natsuki fella. He comes out of nowhere with the funniest comments sometimes, and the facial expressions just amplify it 100x. 😆   The tubby guy that eats all the chicken?   ...meh...not so much.   Hahahaha...I'm just taking the piss, man. You're alright, I guess. 🤣 (<------- Hope I used that BritBong slang right. Us burger-people don't say that. Sounds kinda weird to us.)  On a side note: Everytime I watch Chris, for some reason, I'm reminded that the UK has someone working for the royal family with the job title of "Groom Of The Stool". Look that one up for a good chuckle, or maybe a chortle...whichever you prefer. :^)
I love your ramen shop house
Chris could you please do a video either in Rikuzentakata at the tsunami memorial museum or visit Ofunato and the Sanriku coastline.   My wife and I lived in Ofunato for 3 months and the scenery was so gorgeous but the pain of the tsunami is still very present there even now and I think in the west we just heard about the Fukushika Dai-ichi nuclear disaster and very little about those who's lives were devastated by 3.11
I think it's great you realize that youtubers become complacent and move further away from their audience. The very people that made success possible. The fact that you see that and are trying to correct it says a lot about your passion and personality. I wish you the best of luck and look forward to your future videos of Japan, it's culture and your passion.
Fun fact: The man shown as the editor is not a stock photo. He's Chris' dedicated editor. He's 34.
Outstanding!!
Wonder if this will turn into a museum in Japan when he dies 😂
is it only ore is he really skinny ?
Excited for this!! Your videos got me through planning our Japan trip and now we're sadly home a few weeks we're feeling the blues, so this will definitely get us through the bleak and dire winter here in Scotland 😂
I have a challenge for Natsuki: to find a hair salon in one of the towns where you will stop, and take care of one customer there.  💇🏻 That could be fun to see! 🙌🏻 PS: Looking forward to the entire journey - been watching you for years now and it is always super fun, interesting and original!
Very excited to watch another Journey across Japan series 🎉
Thrilled to wait for the follow up Too much volcano, Too much snow :D
OMG, I'm so happy you are going to do Tohoku!! 😭 I got emocional, this is the place I wanted to see most, I think you know most and will be more greatefull to be featured. 💗 Can't wait to see you all again!!
I plan to visit Japan next year for the first time, as a solo traveler.  Do you ever meet up with your youtube fans for drinks or dinner?
I work retail, Decembers are hell. Nice to have something to look forward to!
It's starting on my birthday!!!! Great birthday present, can't wait!
Congratulations on 10 years man, it’s been a wild ride. No pun intended 😅
Can't wait to see JAJ non-stop. Keep up the momentum and fun vids
Lenovo IdeaPad Slim 3i 15.6 i7
I'm so happy because I'm planning a trip to Sendai and Aomori next year. This series will probably help me with my itinerary!
10:36 I thought Natsuki san said “in my loo” sorry😂
Some of my favourite Slice of Life Manga take place in Tohoku. They also demonstrate how sweet the region can be.
Chris somehow looks like he has aged 15 years in the last year.
Ive always apreciated that you seemed actually aproacable. when you were in the 10's of thousands of subs i started watching you and i sent you a facebook message asking about geting stationary suitable for practicinj japanese characters here in the uk. not only did you reply you had a short plesant chat with me about how i might go about learning, ive never messaged another youtuber in my life but something told me you wouldnt mind answering my question. i wouldnt message you now as i imagine you are busy and flooded with correspondance but that one time you took the time to help me with learning japanese will stick with me. looking forward to the new journey, try not to do yourself too much damage XD
I lived in Misawa for two years (20+ years ago) and loved it.  Looking forward to wherever you visit in Tohoku.
You can get fat bikes they are perfect for snow 😂😂
There is a ryokan across from Narita Temple that is every bit as 70s as the new room. Perfect location if you’ve got a night to kill in Narita.
Nothing puts a smile on my face like Natskis smile. I want him as a teddy.
I thought that this next chapter would include some titbits on your  wedding, like you visiting places in Japan with the boys to choose where to have the ceremony, the honeymoon etc. 😂. Hope you will film the process of prep for the wedding😊.
Hang on, did I hear five years ago? What happened to getting more subscribers than simply red? I remember finding your channel when I was in middle school eight or more years ago wanting to visit Japan and now I’m living in Japan.  Honestly mental how far you’ve come Chris and you should be immensely proud of yourself, always gonna keep watching and supporting you brother.
I'M SO EXCITED!!!! and wow those 5 years have flown by - I remember the daily video promise well. But, I've also never been mad at fewer video uploads, Chris - just love the content every time (and now also extremely happy for daily JAJ videos from Dec 1!!!!!)
Chris you inspire me, I aspire to travel and document my travels with your charisma and insight! Can't wait to see where this journey takes you!
😂😂🎉🎉👏🏻👏🏻
Yay! Natsuki to eat yellow snow!!!
I think what was most special about the first journey across Japan is that you kind of just had to make a video where you were. When you have a car and are making a produced show it's easy to fall into the habit of traveling to the most obviously interesting places but the nature of the bike ride forced you to just make videos where you happened to be and it could often show sides of Japan that don't usually get shown. I feel like that's part of the magic of the original series and it would be nice to recapture that energy but without the pain of riding a bike
Please please please just try not to play upon (view catching) stereotypes!!!!!!!!!
i am a novice tourist and spent 3 monts going to the off beat wonderful places in Japan from utube people. and i love the Realness of the bike rides.
I say this to all my friends who go to Japan “Tohoku deserves more love”
It is great to see how much you reflect on your journey, how much how you have grown as a person, and the people around you. You always look at the bigger picture, and  are one of the rare people who are so passionate about what you have created and still determined to do more. My partner and I will be using your content as a help and guidance to outline our journey to Japan. We both have followed you for a long time and are always happy to see a new video popping up on our feed.
Natsukis english has gotten so good!
This is mindblowing! As someone whos about to blindly venture out the Tohoku region in 7 days time starting at Sendai, i'm very excited to see what more can the region offer above whats been covered so far. I'm Looking forward to seeing the videos!
Been watching Chris for a min, crazy how times changed 😂
Your house looked haunted 😂
Congrats on the new studio, it's epic!
Ill join the pay-treon if there more Charla ❤
Anyone else going to ask this?  Garnt (or Sydney even) wasn’t interested to cameo or just that busy?
IT WAS NOT 5 YEARS since Journey Acroos Japan right?it was like last year? Maybe the year before at most?
I’ve been a subscriber since your early awkward videos from your tiny room. It’s so amazing how far you’ve come. Almost 3 million whole subscribers!! That’s so amazing, and it’s weird that I feel so immensely proud of you. Well done Chris, all your hard work and passion has paid off!
Vomit noise was 👌👌
This is the most exciting I've been in months!!!! Can't wait!!!!!
Don't. Break. Down. YOU GOT THIS 🤩🤙🤙
1 a month is more than enough content at the quality of your production.
This is gonna be an epic adventure!!!!!! Cant wait!!!!!
How exciting! Can’t wait to watch it!!
This is awesome, i think putting out more content is a lot of pressure for you! Keep doing what your doing and putting out things when you want, as people love your chanel and your authenticity! ❤❤
Thank you so very much indeed for all the magnificent work you do! :)
only use your non dominant hand for a day XD love your vids btw, good luck on the travels!
Looking forward to it man, and I just want to say, I won't be upset if Pewds family does a cameo in this NON-STOP journey
I didn’t know it could get better then it did
You could be a CatTuber😂 if you're bored about yourself, you can always be happy about the free "fun loving" allergic furballs known as cat.  You were born to do cat videos, you are NATURAL!  You can name your new channel CatsAbroadInJapan😅
Natsuki has a very movie director look. If you take him to the west and introduce him as one people won’t doubt you.
This will be so cool :) I can't wait to see it
Just don't all go all at once, y'all.
omg im sooo here for this!!!
I would absolutely buy a tshirt with that logo on it.
Don't listen to the people saying you don't put out enough content. Make what you think is worth making ❤.
"Have you ever made a promise that you couldn't keep?"  I was promised 6 pack abs, Chris.
I can’t believe it’s been 5 years since journey across Japan! I remember watching it in my old apartment, sitting on the floor with no furniture, drinking cheap boxed sake 😂 good times
nothing is as great as the original JAJ. not even the sequels.
I like the series idea. Daily videos is a good idea if you have the content for it. But a lot of creators create very similar or redundant content because they think daily videos is a requirement. The hard part is just coming up with the content ideas that haven’t been done yet - at least on your channel.
Still love Chris ❤️ 😍 💖 ❣️  wish you get more recognition from everyone. I hope one day i get your autograph
Still in Japan?
The original Journey Across Japan is, for me, the best thing that I watched on YouTube ❤
This makes me so incredibly excited
Man, it was just earlier this year I was so sick I couldn't even sleep because I was quite literally choking on my own throat for a solid week. The only thing that kept me at all up in spirits was re-watching Journey Across Japan. Truly one of the best series ever uploaded onto the internet.   I am truly excited for more. Although the bike was part of the magic, I understand why it can't be possible here. I look forward to it just as much.
I'm SUPER excited- especially for the Aomori episodes! It's my favorite prefecture and I always enjoy when it gets some love
I love Natsuki so much! He’s hilarious
Holy shit you blew up from cat shit one days
I watched these videos in preperation of having randomly accepted a internship in a big japanese but english speaking company. Now i live here since more than 3 months and dont want to go back. I found a gf that i love very much and when my internship ends i will go come back and apply for language school so i can live here with her and speak more of her language. The country is great but can be lonely alone aside meeting great international people here especially those that live here. It will be a long trip especially if i can learn enough japanese in 2-3 years until i can speak it on a business level so my degree can actually be useful 💪
Get a Suzuki 'HUSTLER' for your ride
coolest apartment ever
Godspeed Chris
I am so excited for the upcoming series!  My favorite member is the "...number 3 favorite American, PremierTwo!"  Everyone in this friends group has some powerful charisma.  Except Chris Broad. Okay, but he's on the list (bottom)!  LETS GO ABROAD IN JAPAN!!!
Get a Nissan Serena Highwaystar. We just got one in Ireland. There is plenty of them in Japan. They're just awsome.
Lets Natski and Ressoterro go on a date
Where is 4:33?? Looks stunning
Kei-car is nice but I wouldn't mind seeing them go on electric winter fat-bikes.
You’re authentic, and your audience appreciates it.  Keep it up!
I like the editing teams neck scarf... classy!
I wish I had a 1970's Japanese living room.
I watched all your videos up till Covid hit then kind of fell off. But this vid popped up in my recommended videos and I look forward to catching up on 3 years of videos and seeing you on another adventure. Thank you for continuing to put out wholesome content.
geeze that thumbnail looks like youve aged 20 years
Another middle class YouTubers trying to connect with real humans
This is so cool! I truly love this so much! ❤
Super excited for the Tohoku journey. Still haven't made it to Japan but ever since I started watching this channel I've been set on going to through that region if I ever made it.  I don't know why but the northern prefectures, especially Aomori and the city of Hachinohe (from the Japanese Nightlife episode) are places I want to visit, as well as obv. Sendai. Can't wait to see all the places I'll hopefully get to visit someday.
woohoo!
Oh, please do not spoil tohoku!  I am quite happy that 99% are down there in Kyoto while I enjoy being the 1% in some great onsen :-)
Oh, I am so excited! I cannot wait to see the new videos!
Yo the original Journey Across Japan was so genuinely cool. I’m so excited 😭😭😭
I can't wait! looking forward to video.
Hey Chris you need more stickers for your set? ; D
Tohoku rocks! I also prefer areas in Japan without the mass tourism, although I'm a tourist myself... 😜 Visited Tohoku during sakura season, it was amazing. Hirosaki-Kakunodate- Kitakami are a must, but everywhere we visited was just great.❤ Sometimes we get new inspirations from your videos for our next Japan trip. Thank you for all the quality content you put into your channel and have fun during this new adventure!👍
na tsuki and Risottoro xD
Woooo!
Your journeys are always inspiring. I will miss the cycling shenanigans, there's something more human about the struggle of reaching certain locations in the time frames you set. But perhaps going by car will give you more time to find more interesting things to do. I appreciate your insights into all sorts of things, you're far more well travelled than most people i've met including myself.
NO matter what you do with videos, daily or quarterly I still watch and learn and get more excited for my own experiences next year when I visit, if I ever bump into you I'm treating you to a drink or 5 😅😅😅
It was quality over quantity content.  Good luck Chris!
Have Natsuki running naked in the snow 😂😂🤘 the Anime Man climb a tree and screaming Kamehameha, Risottoro eat the weirdest thing you can find 😂 go watch a scary movie with your girl in the last session of the day🍿
Can’t believe the first Journey Across Japan was 5 years ago! Looking forward to Non-stop North! 🥰 Challenge: Build the best snowman! ⛄️ 😁
Im so thrilled!!!  The original jiyrney across japan was such magic and i always looked forward to every new upload showcasing areas that otherwise dont get enough spotlight.  Proud of you for tackling this again!  So excited!
That's exciting! I remember just how hyped I was for the original Journey Across Japan. Even when it ended up releasing episodes farther and farther apart with each one that came out, it was still something special. All of the seasons that came out later were of amazing quality and the level of production was really good, but still, I think the original had this great charm. Can't wait to explore these underrated regions through the next Journey Across Japan!
I love you Chris no matter what you do
USE THE SUZUKI!!
SO excited Chris!! 💜
woohoooo! I loved the original Journey Across Japan!! You should absolutely do another biking journey across japan though. I think you running yourself ragged up and down all of japans hills is part of the magic. The secret sauce, if you will.
I always thought your goal was to have more subscribers than ...was it Simply Red?  😋 I like all your videos.  I even enjoy the ones that were just travel in the rain, pulling over to have greasy pizza at Cocos and not getting much done. It was like hanging out with friends and very relaxing.  Not every video has to be chock full of culture and PSAs.  Looking forward to this upcoming series as well.  And I think you'd be good at documentaries.  I found your channel while looking for videos on the Tohoku earthquake and saw your video on the rebuilding of some of the cities along the coast.  With your accent, respect and consideration you showed in the episode, I actually did think I was watching a BBC documentary.
Considered me prompted, prompt proper.
I'm very excited for more content and to see more of Japan I wouldnt see otherwise!
Amazing! I will be visiting my friend in japan dec 13th to jan 2. I will of course be bringing my bike to go all kver the place. Amazing to see you inspiring more people to bike.
Can't wait for this LFG!!!!
I don't think Chris ever planned on having a full-scale construction of the diorama he's had in his living room the last decade. Pretty cool though.
Thank you so much my favorito serie in all of YouTube
I love your videos showing off Japan beyond what is known as "main stream" thank you. While Daily videos are cool. Perhaps do shorts 🤔 with longer format videos like you have. This way everything recording wise does not become a job which leads to burn out or just making content to hit deadlines. 😊
Yooo, i love Subaru, they make the best Rally Cars!!!
Are daily videos even working anymore with the algorithm curating videos to only be shown like one week after release to subscribers? To not be a negative nancy, in my experience it helps to put a community post out alongside the video, those posts reach subscribers way quicker.
Thought from the thumbnail and title you were gonna stop marking videos. Glad to see it’s quite the opposite!  Let’s gooooo! 🇯🇵
I don't think you have to do videos daily. Two or three a week is enough. Don't push yourself too hard. YouTuber Burnout is a very real thing. I challenge you to a BAND-MAID concert.
You already know the Pete episode is gonna go hard
Looking forward to your new journey across japan…hyped
i think your current upload rate is pretty good honestly, does that tv in the retro room work?
I don't usually get excited over YouTube content. Gotta say, I'm stoked for this!
Why and when did he became such a ....hm.... atractive....se*y manly man xD damn.
5 years ago? Journey across Japan was 5 years ago? Fuck me. I feel like that time just disappeared... Love your content still! The journey has been amazing to see. Best wishes, Chris!
About ten years ago I went to Akita and Morioka to see a concert, and always wanted to go back and spend more time there now that I know [quite a bit more] Japanese, but have found timing difficult. So, for fully selfish reasons, I’m excited for this series!!😂
Don't insist on pumping out high quantity content at the expense of quality. It's not worth it. YouTube has an absolutely idiotic alogrithm for years not that prioritizes short-form high quantity content. Stick to your high quality production Chris. It sets your channel apart. I like the mini documentary feel on your channel. Please keep it that way.
Abroadmas!
appreciate your content more than those diarrhea inducing somali types
"As Ken Watanabe looks on in admiration"
still no Garnt :(
YouTube has newly introduced us,  I'm in.
04:32 Has to be one of the most beautiful sights I've seen on video, may I ask where it is exactly?
We always look forward to your videos. Take your time! We prefer your quality over other people's quantity!
really excited to see this return to form. this was the type of content i wanted to see more of.  Also, protect Natsuki at all costs; Nipon treasure
Bro I remember the first JAJ, can’t believe it’s been 5 years bruh. I’m so excited for this new one and will be looking forward to every episode!!
would lobe to see you guys trying the spiciest ramen, or try to finish the biggest bowl of ramen, going to a blacksmith and try to make a knife
I am so stoked! Thanks, Chris. Big fan for like, 6 or 7 years.
Woohoo! Christ's Christmas Special.
That set is an upgrade😍
I just bought a Subaru sambar from Japan ❤now I'm looking at kei vans
What happened to taken for garnted?😮
LETS GO
Damn, five years hard to believe that your channel has grown so massively and your talent has skyrocketed from an already high point. Thanks for all you do I’m excited to see what you end up doing in the next five years.
Definitely going to be on the edge of my seat for this trip! I’m so glad you’re not on bicycles this time tho. It was painful watching some of your wipeouts from the previous series. Very excited to see the journey there tho. I expect there to be some fantastic and truly awesome scenery. Safe travels!!
I shall look forward to your new journey across Japan. 👍🏻😃😃
Journey across japan wacky challenge for all to sing the Japanese national anthem either in full or 1 verse and the chrous in the most unusual place you can find that day.  Another task is you have 2 teams and have $30 max budget to find and make a wedding dress out of unusual supplies eg loo paper
Traveling to Japan next week! Watching Journey Across Japan while I’m journeying across Japan on me and my wife’s Honeymoon!
I wish Garnt would just get out of his goddamn office chair and not watch anime then have an adventure of a lifetime with you…
❤❤❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Your studio should be one of the subscribers' must-go-to places when visiting Japan. Special booking is needed with an entrance fee. Because it is so awesome! I mean, how can you fit all those in a house! Anyway, all the best for the Journey Across Japan! Can't wait for the new series! To think that the first one was 5 years ago?!!!!
What about the promise of having visible abs?
The electricity bill must be insane
YESSSS I LOVE THE OG ONE AND NOW NEW ONE. YAYYYY
Trending my man!!! Can’t wait for the series!!!!
I have been watching your videos for a looooong time, i think since 2016. I really like the way you speak and your general take on life. I will keep watching your videos, I just find them interesting and very genuine. With more or less resources, I think they are great.
Idk if connor should be called the monkey man when youre the one who spent all your crane money on curious george and didnt even get him💀. Looking forward to the journey!
Chris never fails to put out high quality content. Love to revisit this channel from time to time and see that the content has only gotten better over time
Bro is monetizing cultural appropriation 🔥🔥🔥
not cool making me think this was gonna be a somber message, instead its dope, looking forward to whats next
Always love the videos Chris! As someone who’s always wanted to visit Japan I thank you for transporting me there via YouTube. Maybe one day I’ll be able to visit, but for now your videos have taken me there for years and years. 🙏
Don't burn yourself out man. Best of luck.
Love this Chris, been following the channel for years now and it's always refreshing to see what you post about, be it small or large in scale :D, I've fallen in love with Japan through your videos and I want to visit it in my life-time
small suggestion might i add is to get a an AWD kei car, maybe a jimny since there's going to be lots of snow
"Hollywood style". I just cant 😂😂😂😂😂
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Chris, if you seriously want to be taken seriously as a serious YouTuber with a serious channel then you really need to be posting a video every six hours, you bloody slacker.
Would really love to see felix join in the journey as a guest!
i cant wait to see it!
I was worried when I saw the title and thumbnail that it was going to be some kind of clickbait thing or that you were leaving youtube, but i finally watched it and it was a wholesome video that delivered exactly what the title promised, an announcement of your next big series. I can't wait to see how this goes!
im here for the free   udon noodles !
So happy for you, Mr. Affable. You really are the best spokesperson for all YouTubers/Content Creators in Japan. Keep it up. Your content is very much interesting, relevant, and educational.
Where is the place at 4:32 with the red trees and path. Looks beautiful.
gambateh
It is amazing to see how your channel grew and changed. Every video you make is a masterpiece. Congratulations! Daily videos!? Maybe that is too much work.. I would be very happy if I could enjoy your videos weekly. All the best for you and your team.
Back to the roots is a welcome change.  Like the original madventures on tv which was just 2 dudes and a camcorder. Im always eager to see what you, our most affable of tubers come up with and ill be here to watch your stuff ever so often and keep continuing to spread the word as one of if not the best channel on all things japan for people outside it. Cheers!
Natsky is funny
season 2 is back!!!!!!!!!!!
I really enjoyed your book about JET.
Awesome! I can't wait!
Natsuki-san : Good night. Fuck off ...ahahaha
That’s so cool u including ur bud in studio nice came out great thanks for sharing love ur journeys across Japan can’t wait have a good one cheers 🍻 🤟☮️💟🍀😜🤘🦋 🎄merry Christmas 🎄
I will remember my journey across Tohoku in spring for a long time. It was such a pleasant, beautiful and rewarding experience. Yamadera was an incredible hike with breathtaking mountaintop sceneries, and Hirosaki was the most beautiful hanami place we’ve ever been. And there are so much more over there.
When a ya having a cutie babie! 💐
Hell yeah. Can't wait for it. Something to look forward to.
Lived in Sendai for 4 years before moving to Tokyo. I've traveled a lot of Tohoku and I'm so excited to see it showcased!
The first JAJ was my favourite and the most memorable for me.
Sad to see this channel imo, go the way it has. Though it is what it is. hair color and close up cameras to focus on the self. Glad I never subbed. You do you though I hope the best for you and yours
The youtuber who cares! Hope it's gonna be amazing as usual
I never comment but I always enjoy
Mate, you made my day with this. I've watched your stuff for 8-9 years now but it was the original Journey Across Japan that had me hooked harder than any piece of media I've ever consumed on yt or the internet in general. You truly are the realest of deals! (And you look f#@&n great here btw)
Christmas has come early.
Looking forward to this. I just spent 2 weeks driving through Tohoku and it felt like my partner and I were the only westerners in the region (aside from an English bloke at our hostel in Aomori and a fellow Aussie in Ginzan onsen). 2 weeks and we barely scratched the surface. Can’t wait to go back
while i love your videos and IN THEORY it would be nice to have more of them- the plan of dayly videos sounds like a plan to get burnout in the fastest way possible- which would mean we get no videos at all...    love the plan, dont forget to look atfer yourself!  greetings from germany
It's crazy to think how long I've watched your channel and how far you've come. Sharla as well I watched back then and how your paths just came together over time. It's nice to see inspiring stories like yours in the world. Can't wait to see what comes next.
A bit of a shame that Pewdiepie isn't going to a part of the new series. But what to do; he's got baby things to handle.
Awesome, looking forward to it
Every time nat suki cusses he gets slapped with a fish for the challenge 😂 IDK it would be funny
I’m jazzed about this
Wow what a space!!!!! 👍
Super excited to have something to watch daily while I'm working 🎉
He speaks with his bottom lip
Abroad in Japan is the ONLY Youtube channel (and Podcast) I watch/listen to. There’s one main reason: Authenticity.  Chris, you’re a fantastic person with a phenomenal personality and light-hearted English charm.  Thank you for 10+ years and wishing you 10+ more!
I'm excited for this series!
Another music single of course.
we all are excitingly waiting, this is like one of the best original shows on youtube!
I thought this was going to be an announcement about you taking a break or something 😅. I’ve always loved this series I’ve pretty much grown up watching you 🩵
I missed your videos! I took a break from a lot of YouTube and I remember you really impacted my life for the better =^^=.
I have been watching since 2017. It is always awesome when these come up, and I look forward to them.  I am glad to hear this one is going to be 21 days long! That is the longest one since the first if I am not mistaken.  I remember your first, the 40 day bike ride. You were a champ. The daily videos were awesome until you got too overwhelmed.  Keep up the great work, Chris!
Thank you for your content, Chris.  I  traveled to Hokkaido in 2019.  Your content helped me feel comfortable going to Japan the 1st time.
I’m very excited your doing this in December. Most YouTubers cut back in December on the number of videos they put out. Now I’ll have something awesome to watch everyday. Good luck.
Love this channel! Can’t wait for the daily videos!
It will be EPIC for sure!
Looking forward to Tohoku!!!
I love the wacky weekend episodes pleaseeeeee make moreee
I’m delighted 🎉
Excited! I have been following you for many years now and even if I go away from a few months I always come back excited to see what you have done and looking forward to your next adventure!
Thank you for making such good content❤
Someone's absorbing all their life energy. Why do they look 5 years older than they did six months ago
Top quality for food is a must my dears n top quantity for uploaded vids
Time slip😂 my man was watching Loki 7:12
Chris is looking closer and closer to Peter Serafinowicz...
As somebody who only got into this channel recently, and only just read about how disastrous the first JAJ was in Chris' book, I'm glad to be here for this one with fewer/different mistakes made. I'm not trying to watch a guy exhaust himself to death for content.
pretty cool idea but IMO its getting a bit repetitive... I hope you take my criticism right, i really really like your videos style and all the puns in them, i wonder why don't you show us other countries too? Korea i would love to see throw your eyes and camera!
Been watching for several years and am really excited to watch this series throughout the month. Thank you for all the hardwork y'all do
Been here since 2013.   So proud to see how far you’ve come ❤️
Well done mate. You've done it all with dignity, curiosity and respect.Good man. 👍🏾
I would love to hang out with Natsuki, I can see that he is too funny!!!  You can come too Chris, we will need someone to buy the drinks and drive us around!  Can't wait for the new project to start...
excited about your next series!
Awesome, this is gunna be great in my build up to Christmas
I look forward to the new videos and I love the new set!
When I saw the sad looking thumbnail, and ominous title I was concerned something had happened with Chris and the gang, I was relieved to have been clickbaited.  The News was anything BUT negative Chris's life is going well they're doing a new journey across Japan accept this time it's going to be non-stop north with various different guests.  I'm excited to watch the whole journey across Japan come December 1st.
This is honestly going to make the entire month of December better. I've watched your videos for so long and I've never commented until now, but this makes me so happy to see!
As a super long time viewer, when you said the first JaJ was FIVE YEARS ago it blew my mind.  It almost feels like yesterday.  Watching you grow from a vlogger, to making small documentaries, to small movies, and now you're a full fledged production company has been amazing and inspiring.  I've been watching Japan-content since early youtube with TokyoCooney and others, so to watch another youtuber grow into the limelight has been so fun.  You honestly make the best content I think on all of youtube, it's not clickbait, it's just informative and scenic with you and your friends. I wish you the best and hope you continue to make inspiring films on my favourite country! ~Some dude in Canada
NGL I kinda want to come over when I get to japan and take a 3d snapshot of the studio and remake it in VRChat. That would be amazing.
Complete the entire journey without using a Washlet 🤣
Nice! At last something new and interesting🎉 when you started with interviews like Hyde and ken watanabe was awesome 👏 but you stopped.  This is great 👍
Oh no!!! I want the British Pete!!’
Chris is going to do so much better now that he isn't so fat. 😜 Also we ALL know Natskie is the REAL star of this channel.  ♥♥♥
Finally went to Japan
Somebody (not you cris) send this video to ken watanabe
Your journey across japan bike rides, helped revive the sense of adventure i had while young, but dampened due to lacl of funds and wage slavery, it brought color back to my life and it was amazing, in fact i will rewatch it tonight as i figure what to do with this 33 year old life i have right now
Taken for Garnted
Natsuki is Japan's Jack Black, and you can't convince me otherwise.
Natsuki is Japan's Jack Black, and you can't convince me otherwise.
Can’t begin to e plain how friggin’ exciting this is!! The original Journey Across Japan was incredible! Although challenging and insane for you. 🥴   Safe travels friend!! Ohhh, will any of this be streamed on Twitch!?
At least you won't be wrecking yourself on a bicycle 🚲!
Editing team picture should had been image of sweat shop.
Excited for you man!
Chris missed the opportunity to call it The Most Affable Journey through North Japan
heck yeah dude
So excited! I subbed after the first series and stayed since!
Yes!!!! So excited for the Tohoku tour. I lived in Sendai for four years (yet never saw Chris). I now live in Tokyo and can't tell you how often when I tell people here they say, "Oh I know a Youtuber who used to live there too..." 😂
Wtf happened to chris he looks like he aged 10 years since last video, maybe the lightning?
Pretty much every time I see Chris' face I remember him reading the crazy Japanese English textbooks, what Jp television is like, advice on learning kanji, etc. It's wild that this random guy giving incite into the average life of living abroad in Japan went from making videos in a cramped little apartment to this elaborate studio. Yet it doesn't feel like the channel has lost it's soul. It's pretty much still the same content but with high production value. Complete with the zany hair stylist who has been here since the beginning.
I want monkey man to get 100 bowls of soba every soba shop you guys visit
Leave a gnome along this leg of the journey
Another Journey Across Japan ??? LET'S F-ING GOOOOOO !
When his announcing the guests I was thinking "if there's no Connor or Pete we riot!"
Excited for a new Journey Across Japan series! I'd also love to see you do a daily vlog, not forever or anything but like for a week or something. Kinda like a Casey Neistat style vlog except it's Tokyo instead of NY and Chris Broad instead of Casey Neistat. Just like you showcasing the city, and doing normal daily life stuff around.
wank
This is fantastic! I'll be travelling around Tohoku region for my second trip to Japan because of your videos (and Risotto's). Looking forward to watching Journey Across Japan: Non-Stop North for more inspiration!
dr jelly vs a character thats some sort of villain that ryotoro has to play
Aomori represent!
Amazing, I am looking forward to more content from you guys. Thanks for beeing so cool about us approaching you in Nara, it was nice having a chance meeting with you guys :) Apologies for calling you "that guy on Youtube" I was quiet nervous meeting you and Natsuki all of the sudden and forgot your name for a moment there.
"I'm a little bit older, a little bit wiser and certainly more disheveled." Man that hits home hard 😂👌🏻
OMG so excited. so much to watch is awesome. 🎉 Goodluck have fun guys
damn no pete donaldson?
Oh man the original was so good! Excited to see how much this one replicates the chaos and intimacy of that first one. Regardless, good luck
Chris, come do abroad in Taiwan. It's great here. Make some Taiwan videos. My Taiwanese wife and I have been watching your stuff for years. You and the preposterously Irish-named Paddy Doyle are the only two channels to watch we can agree on these days.
So... Is the second kanji on the sign above the salon incorrect on purpose? 😂  But seriously, looking forward to the new series, and the adventures to come! Your early videos gave me the confidence to travel solo to Japan with only a very basic understanding of the language, and explore the more rural parts of the country, during which I met the most beautiful girl I ever met, who ended up becoming my wife... I cannot thank you enough for the life-changing inspiration!  Looking forward to the new series, and we will definitely follow along throughout the adventure! ❤
Nice to see you're still at it. A few minutes of relief from the ultra-depressing steaming pile that's everyday life.
Natsuki is the best!!! ❤
Reasons I watch Abroad in Japan: 10% Japan content 5% funny British guy  85% Natsuki
Excellent I’m really looking forward to this adventure Chris!!
Did anyone else also think Chris looked emotional at the start of the video, maybe egged on by the title…. and think he was going to announce his retirement? 😂
I ignored this video because i expected a video with chris crying his youtuber gf left him and he is idea broke and i need support like the other tubers who cried when their youtube money was cut. Its that thumbnail pic, try to be positive for once, you arent in london any more, you are arguably living in the best country on earth besides where i live and i love it here so i would love japan as well. But i cant afford to do it short time and i dont hate my country enough to leave every one behind like they were a mistake. I just wish you left your life behind fully. But carry that rain cloud, but no its a whole new series starting up, so i am eager and you seem more grown up slightly,  thats good man, keep it up. Absorb the nature and stop being a foreign crappy human being. Thats not you any more
oh shit here we go again and perfect timing because i always considered this channel a christmas channel, just like die hard or something like that because when i found this channel was on a christmas day 5+ years ago and i binged all the videos that day, since then i never stopped watching this channel feels like happiness to me, specially journey across japan
I honestly think that big name things (media, in this case) like the BBC have become corrupted and lost their heart, and roots, it’s why I find myself so often on Youtube — despite the censorship really pissing me off — rather than turning on the television.   I miss the fun and creativity that I know the human spirit yearns for and can create, instead of controlled messages or propaganda posing as entertainment. Or even worse (tough if people don’t like it) = grooming. Yeah, Japan had a lot of spicy comics, but I never felt that it was trying to tell me what to do or think versus the more Buddhist concept of reflection, acceptance, and intention.
How was that five years ago. Jesus.
I have been a long time subscriber, and indeed acolyte, of your channel. I don’t want to blather so in brief I’ll say this: you have a talent that extremely few possess, a way of showing us your experiences with a combination of deliberate humor, undeniable love, and a certain gravity of situation that leave one almost completely satisfied. I say almost because I’m always left wanting more which is the real key to it all. To say nothing if not all the world about the lovable, totally awesome, and believable people you surround yourself with. I’m glad you’ve shared your journey with the world and eagerly wait for what you have in store for the future, even if it comes days, weeks, or months apart… my friends and I will be here, waiting, watching… totally not being creepy, and loving every second of your content. Mad love and respect!
i love all your videos❤ such good content
I cant wait!!!! You got this
LETS GOOO
on the first day of christmas, chris abroad gave to me...
Your videos always make me smile. Good luck to your new project.
People are asking and are still asking for "taking for Garnted"
You aren’t Stewart Lee.
:D
Natsuki referring to Chris as "kimi", then saying he needs more friends makes me jealous.   Yo, Natsuki-san!! ✌
I love your videos and plan to keep watching!
Chris version of Vlogmas🎄, get that bag
OMG yey!!! Been here since the earliest videos when you were teaching Chris! Was just on a flight today and was listening toyour new book and now watching this video...Man what a journey!!!
I'm so excited for this trip!
This is gonna be great, I am looking forward to watch these on cozy holiday evenings with my mother, who I recently also travelled to JP with.   Thank you for suffering in the cold for us, while we watch these chillin under blankets hahaha  Also, I wouldn't worry about "not putting out enough content". I appreciate you still holding on strongly to quality over quantity, I know that's just always the kind of person you are. But also from my personal perspective as a viewer, it's hard to keep up with too much content anyways. As a "consumer" of YouTube and content, I sometimes even get FOMO if there is so much new stuff and I lose track of all of it haha So idk, I'd say you've always had a good feeling for your content, which is why you are so successful. Your videos are always like a delicious meal, the good shots are so satisfying hahaha Keep up the good work, sir! 🫡
Well THAT just made me smile from ear to ear for the entire video! Cheers mate! 🎉
omg Chris I am sending you my Power by Moe Moe Kyuuuuuuuuuuuu 😍well that should last him some days 😮‍💨
Challenge. Natsuki does all the talking for a full day, all ordering etc with no help from Chris. All in English 😅
Let's get ready to feel the thrill again. Well done, Sir Chris.
Your Fukushima video was honestly pretty darn good.  If you chose to do some historical documentaries or something I have no doubt you'd do prett well on it.
You do realize that now you have shown Natsuki your home and fed him a beer and you have painstakingly furnished a living room ...he's actually going to live in it, FOREVER!   Hahahahaha!
Yes, I love your outlook. You don't need to try to outdo yourself and ruin things. Just keep doing what you're doing and have fun. We all love it.
damn bro ur old
Great idea, thank you very much! I'm looking forward to your new Journey Across Japan! I like Tohoku very much. My first journey to Japan took me to Iwate and there, among others, to the lovely and beautiful town of Hiraizumi, a World Heritage Site by the way. It has a long and interesting history, and you can visit temples, gardens and archaeological sites there, the Chūson-ji with its Golden Hall for instance. I guess you have been there already, but if not – it's well worth a trip!
HA!!   SHORYUKEN!!  That was too funny.
a promise means never having to say sorry.........(lol)
Well done mate! Seriously! What a journey!
pretentious
F Yes
So excited about this one!
best charismas present ever
すごい👍🏻
I love your channel and your content but I don't like you as a man. We're polar opposites in nearly every way.
Make sure you get enough rest before the journey, you look drained and the journey has not even started yet.
Looking forward to this!!!
I thought Natsuki's hair salon might be the bathroom! 🤣 Nope just a facade with a beer
What a birthday gift! Will watch episode 1 as soon as you upload it! I'm sure I'll have a wonderful birthday with JAJ non-stop North!
makes me laugh there are still people who think Netflix or BBC would be a stop up for someone as big as you on You Tube...
I mean give it a go and see how it goes. If it feels right and it's sustainable then great, if not then don't force it.
I really liked Akita but I might have bias 😅
I’m so glad I get to experience this. I’ve recently begun learning about Japan and Japanese and your videos have been a very fun way to do that. I can’t wait to see where you go and to go there myself when I study in Japan.
Your artistry as a Youtuber stands out, to the point where it is not just content anymore, but rather a form for expression. It certainly seems like you put a lot of heart into your work and it certainly pays off for us spoiled viewers. I find it hard to start to even imagine of how much work it takes to make some of your most ambitious videos, down to the editing alone. I don't think we deserve it, but thanks for doing it anyways!
I. Can't. WAIT! ❤
Is Aomori on your list?  Oirase Gorge is beautiful!
good thing i took almost the whole month off work ill eagerly await each episode
Good luck Chris-san!
sarcastic videos
Chris, I love your channel and have done since I saw the 12 things not to do in Japan video I don't know how many years ago. It's been great to watch you on this journey through the ups and downs and I'm sure everyone is happy you've decided to keep to the same recipe. To you and your team and mates, keep up the good work because it's good stuff.
Thx for all these great years of content! And thank you so much for introducing Natsuki to us. Its always great to see him <3
Exciting!
With his silver streaks and stuff, Natsuki has that ageing artist vibe going on, kinda reminds me of Hayao Miyazaki, minus the being a major cantankerous old asshole part. Chris should probably commit and stop dyeing his hair, too, because he might just pull off the same vibe - just minus the not being cantankerous part.
The flat is amazing by the way
I'm stoked for this new journey across Japan! Northern Japan I'd such a beautiful place from what I've seen.   Might I suggest a mini bike adventure around the noto peninsula for the next one?  Always wanted to see what Wajima is like.
SHOW IDEA! " Journey across NOT Japan " maybe visit a non-japanese spot that is a favorite Japanese vacation spot. Explore why this is so popular with Japanese culture and activities that they tend to gravitate to in that location. I am curious what are favorite out of course try vacation spots and why.
Lol.  Totally forgot about the Dr. Jelly commercial. 🤣 Thanks for everything, man, and look forward to more.
.
DOWN TOWN DRINKING STYLE II is a movie I'd definitely watch mate👍🏼  Naski's a star! 💫
Hey Dave it was nice to bump into you in Nara!😀👍🏻
its much harder for tourists to make details itineraries on places other than touristy places like tokyo, osaka and kyoto
Looking forward to the new series! I would never complain about the lack of content to be honest, because the production quality of your videos, especially your documentaries and more recent Journey Across Japan videos are of a standard you don't normally expect on YouTube! That said if you are doing daily content, happy days!
you should do a challenge where you try 1 or 2 strangers favourite foods every day :)
i cant wait! i'll be watching yall everytime i hit my treadmill :D
I've been watching your channel for 9 or so years now. I'm so proud of everything you've done. Can't wait to watch these videos next month as they come out. Thanks for all y'alls hard work!
Wow, super excited for that journey across Japan series! I bet it feels incredibly stressful to do a series like that but that fact that you can something of this scale is a true testament to how far you’ve come! Your work has always been a reference I use for quality YouTube content. Looking forward to Abroad in Japan 2024!
Where do we watch the "journey across the north"?
I have been following you for years across multiple youtube accounts and I love to see how far you have come Chris! I cannot wait to see your new videos!! <3
Here for the mental break down lol ❤️ do your best! Even if it fails its still entertainment! Can't wait to see your first Japanese home town- book painted a unique picture of it lol
You're BRILLIANT!
JOURNEY ACROSS JAPAN was 5 years ago?!?!? 😭 holy crap time flies
Yo. That thumbnail of Chris bitting his lip got me acting up
Natsuki is my favourite side character of the channel. He's hilarious.
Hype!
I was a bit scared this mightve been a video about quitting yt or something and I am SO glad it isnt. Your journey across japan series are my fav thing on yt and I really mean it. Goofy conversations, average british swearing and combined with showing all these things spots of Japan most people dont show just makes this so special to me. Youre the reason why Ive made it my life goal to visit Japan at least once in my life if not more often. Im extremely excited for the upcoming videos and Ill see this as my advent calendar hahah
I thought this was going to be a coming out video or admitting your a drug addict?
New follower via sammit looking forward to see what’s coming
Journey across Japan being 5 years ago is mental
Thanks for your videos!
The best youtube account EVER created! I had the desire to create a channel to talk about some aspects of Japan, but with such amazing creators, I find it hard to believe I can come up with original enougj content hahaha
What a lovely birthday present on me on the 1st of december! I can't wait!
Thanks for making those videos :D
Can't wait!
God, I think I’ve been following you like 10 years now. So amazing.
I will be waiting for this banger of a season!
I'm in tears to know that there is another journey across japan!! The last 2 times helped me to go through the toughest days in my life, and the only thing that kept me going was your videos!! Im so excited and happy to hear the news! Thank you for keep making amazing content 💞 sending loves and support 🙏💕
Snow driving tip: you can’t steer and brake at the same time. Slow down first, then turn :)
Can’t wait 🎉🎉
Sure as hell ready for the next chapter in your adventures. Let's continue as I have been for a few years, I am a huge fan let's go b
You really shouldnt worry about the amount of vids you put out mate, I think I speak for most of us that we love quallity over quantity and you've been doing an awesome job for years at that!
non-stop north noven... wait, it starts december first?
LETS GOOOO!
I’m excited for the series! Natsuki is SO FUNNY. Glad to see Sharla too!
Been here since your 4th video. Thanks for the years of entertainment.
Are you okay? You look sick
I have ALWAYS wanted to visit different areas of Japan, not just the popular areas for tourists- but the less travelled areas too. I want to talk to people and see the untouched beauty of a culturally saturated archipelago. I want to try the food, especially the food lovingly made by generations of families who haven't moved much from their particular area- and experience what day-to-day life is there outside of [but still including] things like tourist traps or the idealized western versions of what most people think Japan is.   Though I know I idealize it myself a little- I do want to see the pros and the cons of life. It's really the only way to truly appreciate it.  Maybe someday! As it stands i'm FAR too poor, but i'm planning a visit once I have more money and can speak/read the language better.  It's only right to make sure I am prepared and educated before I step foot anywhere that isn't my home land.
you and Natsuki are so cute. I love your guys' friendship
Small note; I know it’s a team effort and they should be commended. It’s when creators say ‘we haven’t been putting a lot of content out…’ is where I feel that ‘distance from the camera’ can be felt. Not necessarily bad and having them cameo occasionally is lovely. Just an observation.
Chris I Just got done reading (well, listening to) your book and I have to say you've come a long way. I haven't been around this channel for too long but I have been trying to re-watch a lot of the older content. It's crazy to think back just a few years ago you were in the middle of a tiny apartment wondering what you got yourself into in a crazy foreign country where you didnt speak a lick of the language. Now you have an insane place that looks straight out of a movie. Looking forward to the content coming up soon.
I would love to see you go to Aizu Wakamatsu or Kitakata. Was a foreign exchange student in Aizu on 1972
Challenge Snowboarding/skiing down a black diamond
Can't wait to see the new journey, it's always great and the final destination is your homecoming
yassss more content 😍
"ring ling ring ling" hahaha
Always fun, informative and crazy...
:( I can't believe I missed your book signing at Picadilly in August - I've been so swamped with work argh. It's been amazing following your journey so far, and I certainly am excited about this next trip!
What an insane video for youtube to recommend to me as a first haha still subbed. This sounds interesting and your commenters seem to love the idea of putting you through the ringer 😂 good luck, my friend.
This is great! I’m planning to go to Japan at the beginning of 2025, probably just for 10 days. Will visit Tokyo, Osaka and Kyoto, but in the future, If I return to Japan, I will try to follow your steps.
Hi Chris i would watch you on netflix if you started up something on there i think your the best japan related youtuber / streamer ive always loved japan the samurai im from scotland so the food might be a change but theres is Mcdonalds everywere lol Thanks Chris love your content
YEEEEEAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH BUDDDDDDDAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY 🦅🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🦅 RAAAAAAAAAAAAH JOURNEY ACROSS JAPAN LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Sadly, I don't think you can recapture the feeling of the original Journey Across Japan, without the biking element, or something that can appropriately replace it. The main appeal of the original series, for me at least, was the actual journeying aspect; the slow and steady progress from place to place, the fact that progress was made solely by your body's ability to carry on, and just being with you as you felt the wind on your face, struggled with the hills, braved the weather, and conversed with whichever biking partner you had at the time. Those portions were where the magic was for me, with the cities, challenges, and the (short-lived) daily videos just being icing on the cake. None of the other Journey Across Japan series managed to capture that same genuine feeling of adventure for me, specifically because they lacked that focus on how to actually make the journey.
Yeah!!! Aomori and Hirosaki please!!!!
Can we atleast leave one like just as we are watching a quality video free of charge.  Video production takes a lot of time, but with 900k views at the time of this comment., i think he deserves one like which watching this video.  Not getting paid for this but i think he deserves a like if you enjoy his content.  Human curiosity please. Raj from Fiji 🇫🇯
So exiting!!! 楽しみです。
Chris don't u ever get attacked by hornets journeying across japan??
im happy for you, do your thing
Unsubscribing..... Then RESUBSCRIBING TO GET YOU TOP OF LIST! YOU ROCK CHRIS!!!
Currently rewatching the original Journey across Japan. Especially the Shimanami route between Onomichi and Imabari was a pleasure to see again, as I've been there this year too :-) Looking forward to the northern parts, haven't been there despite visiting Japan three times
Tohoku is my favorite region! Very excited to discover new part of it with you!
Hello sir, as a challenge, it would be great if each episode started with a greeting in a different language that your audience uses.   Everything best !
Looking forward to this!!! ❤
"The bigger you get as a creator, the further away you get from your audience." It's a reality, it's inescapable, but I've always felt that it's a shame that creators distance themselves from the people who made their success possible. And that's one of the things that makes Chris stand out. He's not only an affable gent, but he's humble enough to see this reality and understand it and recognize it - when you start with a wonky camera and an idea, and you get 3 views, 10 views. 100, views, and you persevere, and one day you're at almost 3 million subscribers...and you don't forget those 100 views that you started with and built off of.  And Chris doesn't.  Never get too big for the people whose support got you where you are.  Cheers, Chris, and have a blast!
YES! This is going to be great! I just recently rewatched all of the Journey Across Japan and I'm absolutely amped for the new adventure! Cheers buddy. Keep it up!
Fighto!
Journey Across Japan is what introduced me to the channel and then  recruited my friends into this cult😁I know it will be amazing, I have one request though, Natsuki and Ryotaro should be in the same video more often and either of them should be in every video to give it that Japanese touch.
I may not watch much anymore (due to certain personalities), but I do appreciate your hard work as I followed you from around 2013 up to a few years ago.
2:15 I regret so much not knowing that Chris was there at Waterstones while I was on Vacation in London.
You said Pete and I said: hell yeah!
I can't believe it's been five years since Journey Across Japan. I watched every video when they came out having never been to Japan.  A few years later, I spent two and a half years travelling around Japan and every now and then I would reach a location and think "I've seen this place before", and it turned out it I had seen it in one of your videos!
I’m so excited to what to come
No Garnt? :(
wow five years already!
Man seeing grey hair on Natsuki tells just how long we have been following you guys through your adventures
LETS FCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  JOURNEY ACROSS JAPAN NO.2  THE BEST CONTENT ABOUT JAPAN HAS ALWAYS COME FROM THIS CHANNEL.  CAN'T WAIT FOR DECEMBER 1.
We love what you do because we can see you are enjoying every moment of it even the bad ones. If you do even big stuff with netflix we still will love it as long as you enjoy it.
showa musium😅
NAT SU KI!
in a way maybe abandoning the TV format most Youtubers develop simply because that is how they were raised, might get a whole new direction to your creative content I am no creator myself (not a serious one/ professional) but I just think of truly connecting with people as I did and still do with friends I get to met, doing that might seem difficult, but at least from what I have seen plenty of people on Twitch get to achieve that, even people with not so many viewers
You're an absolute legend
hyped
Awesome stuff looking forward to it ❣️
On my last 2 trips to Japan I went to Kyushu and Tohoku and those regions are amazing, its such a shame that Kyoto, Osaka and Tokyo get all the tourists.
OMG I CAN'T WAIT! BEST.DECEMBER.EVER!
Everyone needs a Natsuki in their life
Authenticity wins, Chris. Honestly wins. Resist the compulsion to perform. What you become while you do this is actually more important than whether your audience "gets it"
How did you fit it all in there?
Do a flip
I cannot wait for this series! Rahhh
Woot
There is a reason why you are my favourite channel and youtube personality, I can't wait for these videos :D.
The golden rule. If Super Uncle Natsuki is in the video, I smash the shit out of the Like button. Not sure that's how it works but you can't dampen my enthusiasm
Natsukay: “Fuck off” 🤣🤣
Northern Japan is great, no tourists, great food, great nature
Ran into Chris at Kiyomizu-deru, was too scared to say hi, but it did make me wonder what he was doing there with the thousands of other tourists.
We are so excited about the Tohoku tour! As avid Kokeshi collectors we toured the area extensively from both Misawa and Yokosuka where we lived. Tsuchiyu was one of our favorite places to visit, you should visit there! Great idea, can’t wait! Have fun and be safe!
guessing you’re going to be recording, uploading it to the cloud and then editors download and edit it?
you may be slightly mad
So excited!!!!
I mentioned it before, but use  background noise when filming in the studio. You made it look great but it feels sterile when it's so quiet 😅
A million views in one day is wild.
I always love how wholesome your videos are. I am from The Kingdom of Norway and your videos really gives a good insight into japanese life and lifestyles.
im so excited for this
Thanks for reminding me about how great this channel can be. I'm excited.
Cool!
"nice face, same face" is the new"scary relax" and "justice delicious"
Well I submit a challenge and I hope you can get it.
Came back a week ago today after 3 weeks traveling Tokyo Kyoto and Osaka. Really hype for this series to explore more of Japan I didn't get to see. As well as possibly help kick off the plan for next trip!
I liked it when you ate so much family mart chicken that people started giving you free tshirts that said I'm really fat.
Natsuki is the best… we don’t want Rioto back… he’s stupid and lame…. Plz if you care enough and not to lose subscribers get rid of Rioto that old Japanese moron. Natsuki Pete and you make a trio of fun
Can't wait the new trip and all its associated pain 😂
Journey across Japan was peak, loved it
I've followed this channel for the last five years and I've always loved what you have created.  Can't wait for the next chapter, mate cos i know its gonna be epic and inspiring. as usual. all the best.
Abroad in Korea next?
As someone who has started studying in japan, I look forward to seeing new places that I should go and visit with my uni friends. Thanks for the hard work you put into making awesome content!
I think you should try to actually start your own religion
Natsuki is a legend man, we must protect him at all costs
the facial hair needs to come back it was so shmexy
We will be there no matter what
we liked it more when you were miserable, so bike and snow would be better
I’m living tohoku next year got scholarship from Japanese Government to study at tohoku University. I will look forward to your videos to give me an idea where to go to around tohoku.
Back to your roots... the hard way! Have fun and remember to pay your editing monkeys enough ;P
New adventure cool
Suzuki Cappuccino is the only car that should be used
"Time srip"!
I wonder when garnts gonna join chris...
ive loved your vids for years !!  don't stop
Natsuki is speaking english really well. His vocabulary has increased so much. Bless him
you guys are the goat, making our days a lil better through out the day. Thank you so much!
Oh my God, somehow they finally convinced Chris to hire an editor.
No matter how strange the random people you meet are. There is always that Welsh guy to make them seem mentally sound in comparison. Connor's great
it just hit me that the series I watched and felt like yesterday is already 5 years ago.... 5 YEARS!! Chris, after such a long time you are still amazing. After reading your book I now have even more respect and appreciation of everything you have done and accomplished so far
Sounds great can't wait Chris :D
I don't think you need to do daily videos unless YOU really want to. What's special about your channel is when you make a video is an absolute banger. Thought out, well planned, great quality, smart script, interesting theme, and just fun all around. Also YOU editing has your style. I hope your editing team can imitate that style. Good luck and can't wait!
can't wait !!!
I cannot lie, i was hesitant. But i shouldnt be im very excited
Nervous for you. Excited about the next series across Japan! Looking forward to it :)
can't wait! also Natsuki San, your  English skills are coming along so well after all these years!
Oh boi here we go again😂
I personally don't need daily videos from you because the content you make is always interesting and incredible quality and that's what I want from this channel. Your previous series was incredible and I would happily wait weeks for an episode knowing the video would be good and you would be in a good place. I just wanna see my favourite Broad travel in Japan
i guess tourists have the impression that "non-touristy" places are not easily accessible by public transport, unlike places like Tokyo, Osaka and Kyoto, thus the overcrowding. maybe you could do a fun segment exploring those places by trains and buses? 😂 either way, looking forward to your next Journeys Across Japan! 🤩
Well, tough crackers mate. I wish for you happiness and successes! Stay safe to you and yours.
I'M ALL IN!
Uh don't call it "content" ,,, it kinda lowers the value of it... Like a meh video
give it to mudan to edit
Daily videos 😱I haven't even been able to keep up with the last 10 videos or so 🥲 but man, December will get cozy 🥳 have fun 😁
wow~! you upgraded your studio! it is awesome!
I was hoping you'd cycle again, something about the effort and tiredness made it more authentic.
I'm so excited!!!!!!
I have a challenge for Natsuki. Go without cigarettes for his entire segment of the trip. Chris can't be ironic or sarcastic 😊 you figure out scoring/rewarding/punishing
Stay humble dude. Absolutely adore your content.
Journey across Japan was what made me initially subscribe to the channel. And I'm so happy I did! Excited to see everything in the future!
It is an exiting and ambitious project coming up for you. Of course, you will ace it!
Really excited about the coming show! Just a quick question about the fantastic set that has been built thought, what is it used for?
Natsuki saying "Fuck off" into the phone: instant meme gold right there.
I've always been a fan of quality not quantity and I always felt that Abroad in Japan always hit that sweet spot where the videos were good quality and spaced out enough that I always felt interested in watching them, the daily videos end up becoming boring over time but when a new AIJ video drops its like a tiny present in the inbox. Did I love the daily Journey Across Japan videos? sure but to me it felt like more of an event than something I expected to maintain in the long term, it felt special and chaotic. Keep it up my friend and I look forward to the next great adventure!
An error pops up after submitting the form in the challenge page. Sad. LOL. Already riddled with disaster before it even started. A great sign, of course!
Thefug? I thought the noodle bar etc was green screen. What a mad lad.
The og jaj was my favourite <3  Super looking forward to it
Wait... Journey Across Japan was really 5 years ago?? Time flew by wow
Lucky for you Japan is masterful when it comes to cars. I vote 2020 Nissan GT-R with Yokohama snow tires, just don't put your foot down unless its on a dry road
I hope everything goes swimmingly! Looking forward to seeing it all.
Awesome! I just came back from a trip to Japan, and while I was trying to see more of the country, sadly I had to cut out going to the north. This Journey Across Japan should give me some good ideas for where to go in Tohoku the next time I go to Japan. Looking forward to it!
Great! I am looking forward to this
You have come so far in these 10 years, youve really worked hard and deserve all the good that comes your way. I look forward to binging this series on my return to uk mid Dec. It will cheer me up in that cold rainy winter.🌧 Be safe and have fun! 🚙 P.s. Natsuki deserves that salon door, shows what a kind and thoughful friend you are for adding him to the set. 😁
I absolutely loved the Original Journey Across Japan, excited about the new chapter kicking off on Dec 1st my birthday 😊...
Awesome cannot wait for it!
All the best, Chris. It will be a glorious trip- Rooting for you guys all the way
Now I am HYPED!
Is amazing to see how much you have achieved and grown over the years. All of us are proud of you and no doubt look forward to the journey. Wise choice to save your sanity and have editors.  Take care on the journey Chris!
6:08 gramps, did you get a new job you didn't tell us about
cant wait 🤩🤩🤩
What did Pete do to have been demoted to third favorite? 😂
Great studio.Looking forward to the trip.
Man, Natsukis english has improved quite alot over time.
Is this your office or house
People who say you don't have enough content f them!!!! Let's see what they can make lol
I love how you don't show normal YouTube places in Japan! I love you show smaller less traveled places!!!!
Excited about this adventure. After this you should do a tour of the 88 temples of Shikoku. I would love to watch that in the future!
Never change always do whatever you want!! Whatever your passion  is just keep doing you! Your content is real and amazing! You show truly how you can do what you love
Love it all🙌
W
I am excited for that! Wish you good luck and a lot of strenght がんばって💪
Where can I see the full episodes of the first journey across japan and this upcoming one? Correct if I'm wrong but youtube just has clips.
LET’S GOOOO!!!!!
Wow! Very excited for December!!
0:42 a barber shop in a ramen shop? what a novel concept.
If you don’t use a Suzuki Jimny I will board the nearest bus and come slap you myself 😂   Keep doing what you do we love your videos!
Words cannot describe how excited for this I am! Heck yea dude!
I can only imagine the cops who comes to investigate the murder scene in that apartment 😂
yaay *insert seizure inducing silent techno disco*
I love your content Chris you're my favorite youtuber keep up the good work!
Nothing like a trip to the Norph for a perfect winter mood !!
Sounds amazing! Can't wait!
I absolutely love natsuki
tohoku/hokkaido is amazing.  Yamadera was a life changing experience for me.
11:41 my…precious
An early Christmas gift, nice
Thumbnail clickbait
Am i really the only worried here who thought he was about to tell us, that he is Quittung and moving back to the UK? 😂... Got me worried by that title😢
Yay! I'm so excited for the new series.
Hope you can tag along with pewdipie 😤
がんばって！
Well that's exciting
I can't wait for the first episode! The first season had something unique that I didn't find in the later ones, so I can't wait for this return to the origins!
Chris: - Yeah it’s gonna be alright I got an editing team and stuff. Me and my friends just gonna have fun in the snow   Editing team :- ( leaves a note) Sir your videos are too crazy to edit. Daily videos making us go mad. Goodbye sir   Chris :- “…”  Also Chris :- (sitting in front of the Laptap playing his unedited videos) Ha! We meet again   Laptop :- I missed seeeinb you go crazy   Chris :- “:…”  Chris :- looks like people pay me to see me go crazy   YouTube comments :- That, s so true   Chris:-  “…”  ****  On another note  could n,t you do an indie documentary and post it on a platform like Nebula?
Ecxited to see the new editing!!!!❤❤❤❤❤
As much as I’m excited for the new Journey Across Japan….   …really hoped Garnt would pop up! I hope one day those two would do something together.
Journey Across Japan is how I found this channel.  I look forward to the next chapter.
I still find it crazy to think that the first video I saw of yours was 'These are my accommodations as a teacher, this is my futon, I sleep on the floor' and now it's 'Here's my awesome blade-runner set, let's go on an amazing journey across Japan'.
The suspense of wondering if ur alive or not on the og journey acrpss Japan was half the fun But hell ye brother! Can't wait
YOU ROCK
He just made me join the patreon. Love you chris abroad
11:00 had to double take. Natsuki said a full sentence
This guy was Japanese in another life… I’m sure 😂
When I started watching your channel Journey Across Japan already ended years ago. I am really glad you decided to resume it. I always wanted to travel across Japan,  .With  your channel I can also travel across Japan ❤❤.REALLE EXCITED .LOOKS LIKE IT WILL BE THE BEST CHRISTMAS SO FAR🤩🤩
I can’t wait, I love when you journey!
This will be fun! Oooh the gang will be together !  Who is the leader? Obviously, Natsuki 😌 he is the Golden Diamond Samurai that will lead the team to Shining Victory ✌️
Aboard in England 😉
Keep up the amazing creativity. I've always found you to be authentic because even when I come back to your vids after a very long break of watching it feels like you're a neighborhood friend who's sharing their journey.  Not someone you really know but more so more so live on the outskirts of their life looking in.
I can’t wait! Bring on December!❤️❤️❤️
I'm happy watching you do whatever it is you do. Your witty and sarcastic humor, your normal guy charm in the sense that sometimes you get to things, sometimes you don't, all while doing it with that posh accent. I think every viewer came for Japan, but stayed for Sir Chris Broad and his loveable and interestingly unique friends. Amd the abandoned buildings, oh lord, those gloriously creepy locations.
Can't wait to see this !
excited to see it, the videos start the day after my birthday! Also Thanks to the whole abroad team for doing that to pump out videos.
The monke man!
Go Chris! Your videos have always been amazing!   I did tohoku in 30 days by car , sleeping in our car, in January few years ago.  It was amazing,  I am so pleased the two of us did it.  The wisest choice for us was to go to an onsen every evening. it really helped with sleeping in our polo!
Now that’s exiting man, love following your channel for accouple years even English isn’t being my first language but this channel is too much fun to watch, go on man, you deserve all of the success that you have it and more, and I’m crazy to see the next series
This is exciting!!!! I'll join this journey! Been a hidden fan!
I have been watching your videos since 2015 in my dirty roach apartment!
We need you as a fortnite skin
Your living room and ramen shop are really beautiful! Just being able to make something like that happen is a dream for me. I'm happy you're on YT and I love all your friends too. You make great videos, I'd rather have less videos that you enjoy making  more than more videos you enjoy making less.
The Tohoku region will be the next region I go to when I'm next in Japan.   While the south is very nice, I liked the part of Hokkaido that I saw some years ago and want to see more of the north. Good luck with the project, I'll be watching.
Oh I'm pumped for this! Its my favorite thing to watch while I workout!
Been here since the first JAJ. You’ve done a great job for years, Chris, and you’re getting better every day. Thank you for keeping us going out here! ❤
This is going to be absolutely amazing! I’m so excited for more JAJ!!!
Challenge suggestion: trade with japanese people through your journey. Start trading something  of a small value then whoever traded with the largest value at the end of the journey wins a Kimochi package. 😅
Glad you're doing it in Tohoku this time, as an Aomorian I felt a bit cheated that you started in Yamagata and skipped most of tohoku on the original bike trip 😆 especially because it was my first year on JET, which I applied to largely because of your videos!   I'm married to a local now and sticking around for the long term in Misawa, so I hope to run into you guys in my old JET placement of Towada or maybe Hachinohe... I assume you as a Brit won't be caught dead visiting Americaland/Misawa :P
Looking forward to it. Don't change the song, but use more of it. Really takes me into the mood.
Living the dream! Thanks for all the great content
Well I would certainly rather watch this daily than Silent Hill Ascension.
So exciting! ^ - ^
Can't wait for this i loved the spontaneity of the original across Japan
i fucking love "your face ne"
Chance of a mental heath break down while travelling across japan? Any way i can help?
So when IS the movie, ‘Saturday with Natsuki’ being released? Fans what to know!!!!!
So excited!!   Also it's so amazing to see you guys so genuinely happy, feels like I'm there
Good luck!
Glad you love making videos, my friend, because they make our viewing time (and sometimes our lives) better.
dang ur 1 mth late for for Non-stop North November
You know, i think the travel series will fill in the gap that Anthony Bourdain left on no reservations. With that, i am very grateful
really happy to hear this chris, as much as i enjoy your more luxurious videos i know they are out of my reach of being able to enjoy in person, some of the more simpler pleasures are more inspirational for my own trips to japan.
Aight. Im turning on my notifications for YT. it's been a while since i revisited the channel but this series seems fun.
Lets gooooo more asome contend
Chris at the end of the day, you're a real one and that's why we've all stayed as viewers.
for years and years and YEARS i've always loved your creativity and tenacity, even if you think you've fallen short of 'content quantity.'  it's always high quality and fun and enticing.  stoked to see you strain your psyche again lol (jk, kind of, please take care of yourself, friend).  sending love to you and the whole journey across japan gang, from MN, USA~
I loved the original Journey across japan it felt so organic and intimate.
My spouse discovered your chanel some years ago and you became part of our regular little joy in life. Pretty soon we began to sat down for supper and watch every ones of your videos. Everytime a new video pops up, we are always happy because we know there will be something great to entertain us while we eat 😅. I was never afraid when weeks passed without a new video because your content alway have such great quality that we knew you were preparing something than we'd enjoy. You made us travel to and learn about this magnificent Japan, we are greatfull for that, thank you. We are excited about your new journey ahead!! One again, we know it will be a delight! 😁
good on you for continuing to give visibility to regions most people outside japan had no idea they wanted to visit.
Nice!
I’d love to see the East Coast and North . Areas that are less inhabited. Cute small towns and lovely countryside.
I can’t believe your bike crash was 5 years ago, wow.
I can’t wait Chris.
I'm looking forward to watching clips of this journey in December.
We will find a way to get the challenge, 'Cycle to your next event' into your hands.
Unsure if it's been acknowledged yet. Very pleased you've hired John Bolton to edit your videos. Guy's been trying to smoke Iran for years and I suspect boredom played a big part.   Big props to Chris for promoting world peace.
what ever you do dont buy the car natski likes.
I would do anything if I could be back in JP and enjoy it like you can with all its variety. Got a beautiful wife, beautiful kid and 9 to 5 job now and therefore I haven't been to Japan for 10 years. God 10 years...  Wish you all the best. Greetings from Germany.
Good luck Chris. I remembered  you posted a video about learning Kanji and it helped me out. So don't give up :D gamba
Another journey in a car? I hope you are having a great time but I'm not so excited. I think the original joy for me was watching you biking across the country and cheering you on. I have no doubt you can complete any journey in a car.  I mean I'll still watch, it's just not going to get me excited.
"Hello? Fuck off!" Natsuki is essentially as British as he is Japanese. ❤
What a stacked guest list. Only missing mr donaldson
If anyone wants to get this kind of news a few days earlier you can see it all on the Podcast with Pete Donaldson
Ohhhhhhh I thohgt the background was computer generated lol :D
I'll be watching!
Good luck man, I will be doing my best to watch them all ;)
This is going to be the weirdest advent calendar kind of thing ive ever had but the best
Ever evolving content is better than no content at all. Keep up the great work Chris!!
Man I've been watching your videos for like ten years. I really appreciate all the work you do and I love the content.
Love this! Really excited for you mate 👌🏻
omg im so excited!!!
YOOO  I think I've had to have watched the original 5 times or something. Very excited
Keep on keeping on Chris. You have the formula that works so don't break it
Love your videos, and this journey......some epic scenery....GL to you all 😊
Really looking forward to this series! I did not get to visit much outside Tokyo/Osaka on my last trip. Hopefully I can venture out further the next time I go.
Chris did a great job of doing the “I’m so sad and I’m leaving YouTube” look in his thumbnail
As someone who read and listened to Abroad in Japan, I was like "Broken Promise? Must be the daily uploads." Lol.
so new music video incoming , plus more DR jelly ............... i approve
Hell yeah!
LETS GOOOOO
YES! FUCKING LOVE U CHRIS! BEST NEW THIS YEAR (next to elden ring dlc announcement :)
No bikes? What a swizz. Nonetheless, bon voyage Chris et al.
I am excited!! Good luck!!
"Ling ling, Hello, Goodnight, F*ck Off" 😂😂😂 Can't wait for the next epic adventure 🍻
I never turn my addblocker off... but for you chris... I did.
I feel like not cycling is going to make this about a billion times easier, good idea to not have to edit either thought
greatly looking forward to this!
Thank you for mentioning how special Tohoku region is! It’s absolutely stunning and my favorite region to visit in Japan 🇯🇵🥰
epic. will be watching every single episode.
I thought the next chapter would be "taken for garnted". But this is good too!
Phê! I was expecting this to be a good bye video saying next chapter is to be a daddy
Chris - the impact that you have had on so many people’s lives is real. I know that its hard to see sometimes, but you inspired me to travel to Japan and also to learn about Japanese culture. Learning about Japanese culture and their outlook on life and the world has given me a newfound appreciation for my own life and my values. I found a lot of similarities between my own outlook and that of Japanese people, and it honestly makes me feel relieved. I don’t subscribe to the notion that I should move to Japan to fit in and that will fix everything, but rather I feel that it has made me feel a bit more confident and validated about myself and the way I try to live my life. I’ve made lots of friends on this journey and I owe a lot of that to you. Thank you!
This is so inspiring. Thanks for making videos like this.
Bring on Pete Donaldson!
Yeyy!! I have been in tohoku for 3 weeks this last month and i loved it. Waiting for the new videos
Have a break have a Kitkat 🦸‍♂️
Journey Across Japan made me love Japan even more and is by far one of my favorite series ever on youtube. Really love your channel. Cant wait for the new series
Natsuki is just the best f—-ing ray of sunshine. He’s a Japanese national treasure.
I visited tohoku earlier this month and there were a decent amount of tourists!
Oooh im excited for this new series. Sounds good!
awesome idea, really waiting for the first episode
i'm so looking forward to this! The content is next level Chris!
I'm always skeptical about creators claiming to post daily videos. Unless you're uploading them raw, just creating one takes so much time and energy and i've seen lots of creators succumb to the stress. Love your vids, Chris, and they're always amazing quality, but please keep your own well being in mind first and don't burn yourself out. Your loyal fans will be with you and wait with you all along the way.
I was there for the first journey across japan! I am SUPER excited for the next! Thank you for the amazing content to both you, Natsuki, risotoro and the gang !
It will be the 21 days of Chris-mas!
Im really excited for the ultimate journey across japan, will you be streaming the journey along ?
Christmas iz coming; would it be a good idea ! December to New Years so , this actually a good strategy Chris .
also i do love that chris is building a jav set
so today i was sitting here in the studio looking absolutely affable, is how it should have started
Very Excited! Daily videos from this channel is a christmas gift! Also Chris, you look much healthier than previously. That jaw line has some sharp edges man. Keep up whatever you're doing because it's working!  Cheers from America, and good luck with your journey!
I was reluctant to watch this video (a serious YouTuber in front of a table talking future is never fun) but now I am super excited!
Man! I look forward to this "journey across japan" those are always my favorite video series from you. I don't know why people would tell you that you don't post new videos fast enough, I mean, you have the podcast, the shorts, patreon, and the longer videos already. I don't mind that you don't release new videos daily, the quality of your work is amazing and I'll gladly wait as long as you need just to see more of your adventures in Japan. As you already know, being burnt out sucks, so take your time and enjoy the fruits of your hard work.
Liked, just for "Good night...f*ck off!" 🤣🤣🤣
よしゃ～！今は多分八年ぐらいサブスクライブしたと思ってるから、このシリーズにめっちゃ楽しみにしてるんですよ！クリスさん、色々有難いんで、いつも面白くて、楽しい撮影を作るよ。今からも頑張ってくれね <3
fully started the video thinking you were quitting japan for the first half
I want to see all of you have an open field battle in the snow. Who ever looses the first round has to play the second round in their underwear.
This is fantastic! But didn't you have this old Japanese room set  (or a similar version) in your old place?  I remember a video you did in a room like with at with an old TV.  I don't remember the content but I remember it was epic.  I did a month of daily shorts once. Even shorts totally killed me physically, mentally and spiritually. LOL  Good luck with the new challenge.
Walk backwards for a day. Speak only Japanese with a non-Japanese guest. Wear one of those sumo-fat suits for a day, even when walking down narrow alleyways and indoors. Forage for all your food for a day. Paddle down a river for part of your journey. Have fun!
Best of luck in The Next Chapter !  Your production , videography, and editing are always top notch !
1st Dec is my birthday, so... Thanks, I guess xD  Keep up the good work m8 :)
Sounds like this will be a well thought through "take 2" on that first legendary journey. Can't wait to see this! Good luck with everything!
Thank you Chris for being an inspiration! Me and my girlfriend are preparing a trip to Japan in 2025 for 4 weeks. Starting from Hokkaido and going for the Tohoku region.
Well Chris Borax, I may give you allot of poop @*^! but you are doing very well. keep making more lifestyle content.
so excited 😊
Ohhh Yeahhh......🎉 Now that's what we are talking abt .❤ Let's Gggooooooo❤❤❤
Love this!!!!
God what a self-dick-dabbing vid
thanks i cant say anyhing else
i can tell he's going to have jowels when he gets older.
way to go chris!! #14 trending currently!! (at the time of me posting my comment!)
Can't wait for more content. I may not watch them as they slow feed into my home page. But i do save them up and enjoy a large binge of all of them and damn do i enjoy every one i watch. That is one thing you need to know, your content doesn't make you annoyed or bored with it. The personality of the people you bring on, and your self makes for super videos which bring a warmth about japan that you just don't get from other sources from, or out side of japan.   This content is probably the best stuff out there at promoting how cool and amazing Japan as a whole is and i think the whole audience thanks you for that and i am pretty sure Japanese people as a whole are thankful someone isn't just sugar coating it in the hyper popular destinations and showing the hidden gems the country has to offer.
Best of luck Chris!
Chris, thank you so much for all the videos you've worked hard to make. I cannot know how hard it must be at times, but you've always put out content that I've enjoyed. I joined just after your first video talking about studying Kanji. I've watched every video since. I don't want to be weird and parasocial, but at the same time you have been an integral part of my life for MANY years and I'm so glad for it. I wish you the best and am definitely looking forward to the next installment of Journey. :D
I saw the title and sad looking thumbnail, so I thought you were leaving japan and youtube or something. Don't scare me like that.
The promise of editors and driving over cycling leaves me with hope for the sanity of most involved
Came up in my suggestions and subbed. I probably have to live in the Tohuku area 5 years from now so gotta know whatI’m getting myself into. Great video to summarize what the channel is about
Congratulations...pretty awesome what you've accomplished...and can't wait for what's to come.
It's an Abroad in Japan Advent calendar!
I don't consider the first journey across Japan a broken promise. I still adore that series. It was perfect in it's totally imperfect way.   I hope you can capture some of that lightning again. Good luck and have fun.
December just got a whole lot better! 🤩
Especially for content creators on Youtube, I take nothing for granted. One video a month would already be more than enough. What did we made for you that we can demand you to deliver content on due date ? Exactly.... But I will for sure enjoy the key car travel kickoff.
Notification Squad!!!  :D
Surprised. I thought you were finally going to quit.
Can't wait! 👏👍👌🤘✌🖖🤙🍻😊
So excited!!
Journey across japan was the series that got me into your videos im excited to for this one
Not that this is going to standouts in almost 4k of comments, but I sincerely hope this drives you towards 5 million subscribers because this channel deserves it
I remember watching the original Journey Across Japan and I honestly kind of forgot about this channel after watching you continuously for about a year after that. But this just popped up in my feed again and it’s so amazing to see how far you’ve gotten
I've never been fussed about the quantity of content your channel produces in the many years I've been watching. When you come up in my subscriptions I know I've got a fantastic time ahead of me watching and seeing what's new, and the wait is always worth it!
I'm really looking forward to snuggling up during the cold December nights, with a hot drink, while I watch these videos after I get home from work.  Abroad in Japan videos are always super high quality and basically comfort food in video form.  Thank you to the whole team, whoever they may be.
Very excited for this 🎉🙌
Thank you for providing a taste of Japan to us for those of us who cannot afford to travel. Always enjoy seeing your adventures. <3
this is gonna be better than an advent calendar
journey across japan is my favorite series on youtube
You should go snow skiing it would be so funny to see you fall into a pile of snow while complaining how happy people are
Christopher Walken wants his hair back
All i can say is : "Im hyped! "  Last time i was hyped too - and i didn´t mind when it turned out that what you originally planned , was not achievable.  Simply because it is understandable how hard something like this is. Unbelievable that this is already 5 years ago!  Can´t wait to see the first episode, thanx for your hard work, i hope you have tons of fun anyways !
Journey across Japan : NNN
Super stoked for this! Anything involving Peter is also hilarious 😂
Genius, December is the money making month, you're gonna make money every day, and we're going to get awesome content, it's win win! I'm looking forward to it so much!
I love the place you have created.  Such a warm vibe!  Amaazing.
HAHAHA "survival", god I love Natsuki
Did Pete got demoted to "3rd Best American Friend"? If I remember right he was the 2nd. Lol
Can't wait 😃 Love the madness that seems to follow you around wherever you go 😆
Woohoo! 🎉can’t wait
Surprised you didn't go for a Japanese style motorhome. Looking forward to some more mouldy cherries 🍒..!!!
this is so exciting! all the way down to the car choice! haha I love it and im really looking forward to this!! :DD
0:16 killed my immersion :c
I will always remember that theme park in the middle of nowhere! Great to see new studio and Natsuki!
Who tf says you aren't putting out enough content? Tell them to go fuck themselves, we don't watch your channel for frequent uploads, it's the quality that matters.  Also, that first shot of Natsuki in the review really hit me with how much older he looks now.
Right now, I'm watching this while staying at the Hoshino Oirase Keiryu Resort near Lake Towada and it's all because of the video you made about this place years back. 頑張って and keep 'em coming.
Super excited for this!
Nice
yassss another journey across japan
Nice! Looking forward to it, enjoy the journey 😁😁
4:20 what a nice piece of marbled meat.
poor Sharla getting dragged into this 😂 but can't wait to see your journey
GET READY TO WAKE UP BABE! MR AFFABLE IS GONNA DROP SOME BO*B SOON!
I'm so looking forward to this 🤩
Genuinely emotional. I’ve rewatched the original JAJ over 50 times because I think it’s the greatest YouTube series ever produced. So excited to see you relive that genuine spontaneity and serendipity  that only Journey Across Japan has managed to capture.
Love it when Natsuki is part of the video :P
Bring Ellen back!
I’m stoked! I loved the first journey across Japan and this comes at the perfect time for me. I’m doing a road-trip through northern Japan in may so I’m taking notes 📝
You still owe us a Taken for Garnted, Chris... Just sayin... 😗
Hey Chris, I should say you are one of the major reasons, that I decided to plan my first international trip to Japan and that to focusing more on the Tohoku region. Keep up with the great videos. Will love to watch the new series!!!
Love love love your channel and how fun, informative and interesting videos you and the team makes! Thanks for doing your best always! Can't wait for Non stop North!
As the channel progresses, we slowly watch Pete get demoted from best American friend... to 2nd best American friend... and now 3rd best American friend...
Love your content! Can't wait for the day when I can visit Japan!
i would like to see a trip to okinawa. My grandfather was stationed there for 10 yrs while my dad was a kid and would like a view of it
I'm really excited about this!! best of luck and have a lot of fun!
Got to see some nice stuff up Aomori and Hirosaki way when I visited Japan last month. People there were all so friendly!  I regret not getting my international license organised though so that I could see some more remote stuff not accessible via public transport.
LET'S GOOOOOOO MEW JOURNEY ACROSS JAPAN!!!!!!!
Finally saw the inside of the new shop! Yeah, there's nothing there but it's still cool. Maybe someday if there's ever a chance you'd have to get a new and bigger studio you could make an inside of the barber shop.  I'm so excited about Journey Across Japan!! This series was what led me to watching and subscribing to your channel and it's something I look forward to watching (I love all of your videos though) so I'm looking forward to the newest season of it. Good luck with the one video a day thing! I'm crusious to what the videos would be like with other people editing it but I wish the editing team luck as well!
Japan is no longer a good place for careers anymore. But a good place to have fun, relax and travel.
Going to enjoy this. I will say though personally, rather have quality than quantity in terms of your videos, but I usually prefer the JAJ series and one-off docu style videos like with Hyde.
Congratulations to all your success, Chris! You work very hard for all the content you bring us. Cheers to many more years!  "It always seems impossible until it's done."
ken looks like that jav actor if anyone get it what i mean
Loveeeee this .❤️❤️❤️
kinda sad no Grant this time also
Love the 70s room. There is no better drug than nostalgia. Not only is it safe but it effectively preserves memories of the past. I really enjoy your work and how it allows the viewer to see places and things that they might otherwise never see in their lifetime. Never change but remember: quality over quantity, please. I'd rather wait a week or even a month, for a really well put together episode that is not only entertaining, but informative and interesting. Thank you and your team for all your hard work.
Love seeing you be so real with us, Mr. Affable. Love you, and good luck!
Chris, you are awesome. Please bring the boys in, make some cenery swaps, some singles with them... in possibly a documentary way, talking about their lives and what they look for... how using deep meaning can Natsuki and Riotaro give in japanese? It would be a block of beautiful film making along with history telling for the new scenery. You are amazing. Keep up the good work.
I'll be in Tohoku for a month this winter
i remember it was the first JaJ that got me hooked on this channel and Chris's antics, can't believe it was that long ago as it's flown by, enjoyed every second of it though and i can't wait for more!
I wonder if that little town still has that questionable mural of that topless lady.
If I remember correctly your downfall with the 'daily videos' might actually have worked, and could still work if you stuck to the whole 'we' thing you were saying there.  "We can make it happen". Deligate Chris, deligate.
We love you ❤
That intro picture is so damn bad... oh damn.. not sure if it is only on my monitor.. but it shows deep frown marks around eyes or as if he was being sick and dying, with that "next chapter" that was just "wtf is happening there?" moment..
The chapter one was 10 years long.
Natski's looking well distinguished!!!
Damn, it's already been 5 years since the first Journey? How time flies... Hearing that there's gonna be lots of new travel vids truly is music to my ears, can't wait to experience more of Tōhoku through the eyes of all my favorite Youtube people.
When are you adding a soap land to the studio?
Daily videos? I like abroad in japan but i dont want to see Chris shrivel up into an overworked British Yoda. "Daily videos, bullock this is".
maybe using motorcycles instead of bikes
"I have learned from my mistakes and this time I AM going to die."
So excited for december! Also amazing place
How tf has it been 5 years
So excited for the Tohoku series! I lived in Sendai for three years and tell everyone who asks me about Japan to visit the north. Seriously beautiful up there.
I would love to see your channel get to 10 m mark if you did your channel Spanish you will get lots of new people on your channel
I stumbled upon this channel a few months ago. (unsure when i subbed)  But I have been following this channel because it shows a lot of fun stuff like Connor getting annoyed over the crane machines. I plan to visit Japan maybe in 2-3 years since I need to save up money, because it ain't cheap to travel. It has been on my "to do" list before I get too old.
Please no scary titles and thumbails 🥺 I'd love to transplant the studio to the UK, how cool would it be as an actual bar/hangout!
You have worked so hard to get to this point in your life keep it up it makes my day watching your videos
With your hairstyle in this video I can't stop thinking about christopher walken :D
Super excited! Really loved the original Journey Across Japan! can't wait!!
Journey Across Japan got me into cycling. That really opened my world up.
Chris will be the next David Attenborough
Yaay :)
see if you can do videos of real ppl doing there jobs like fishingmen farmers
Love it
What the hell, has it been that long? The original journey across japan was 5 years ago?
Chris edits solo!?  Thought he had a team for the past how many years!?
I love your channel. Me and my brother bond over your videos 😊
YAY! I cant wait! 凄い !
I would really love to see you and Nazuki skiing... Do you have a chance to do skiing there? And if you cannot ski, could you take a skiing lesson together? That would be really fun to watch and a cool challenge...
Head Editor called M-san?
Chris I can't tell you how happy this makes me. It always made me sad that when you spoke of the original series it was with pain and disappointment but for me that was always the high watermark of all your projects. For some reason my favourite memory  was of you sitting on the pavement outside a convenience store, unwrapping a cheap treat and just catching your breath with friends. It reminded me of the very best moments of being young, fearless and just making it up as you go. Honestly I was afraid in recent years that you were becoming focused on 4k, drone shots and production values. But none of that can ever capture a moment the way a handheld camera, the company of friends and a batshit crazy plan can do it. The fact that you can return to this after 5 years of success says a lot about your core values. Or maybe just the good sense of your production company ;)
loved your orignial JAJ. The resources were definitely a bit more scarce back then (crazy that you even attempted to edit/upload videos daily) but I think along with it was a special charm that I wasnt able to find in most other channels. Looking forward to this one as well! :)
i am actually so excited for this, i've visited japan 3 times and spent almost 2 months there but so far i've only seen tokyo, yokohama, kyoto, nara, osaka, shizuoka, fujioka, and takasaki, aka i've never been north! im hoping to get lots of great ideas for places to visit from these next videos!! thank you for all your hard work!
Yes
When are you taking over for Peter Barakan?
Yesss, You can't imagine how excited I am. I love Journey Across Japan☀️😁 I will follow it every single day
Look forward to it. I tell everyone to go to Tohoku and avoid the tourist trap route of Tokyo, Kyoto, Osaka (as much as I love those places). I need to explore Tohoku more myself!
garnt collab when
I can’t wait to watch this 🤩💕
Im so excited for this
OH BOY! I'm excited! Its like you listened to my dreams and did this.  We're travelling in April for like 3 weeks through Tohoku (Tokyo-Hakodate) and we're struggeling to make a plan. Dude I'm rlly happy rn.  Dont overwork yourself <3
Dude, you look so fit!
videos like this is why ive been subbed for so many years, u wanna make the best videos and that all that matters
is this for the 3mill mark?
Yes, I love Tohoku and want to do my own bike Journey across Japan one day!
I really liked the cycling journey that was done a few years back, the scenery was amazing and the videos were a good watch. Glad to see Chris isn't going to repeat the insanity of late night editing and the subsequent illness he had because of it all 😃
LETTTSSSS FUCKINGGGG GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
yay! another journey across japan! it's my favourite series! so excited!
I hope you never stop doing these. 🙏
Many thanks for making us smile, while remaining always very genuine and making quality content. good luck for the journey ahead and enjoy yourselves😊
OMG IT LOOKS AMAZING!!! Congrats!! ❤
While I don't mind daily videos I think having 1 video a week or two makes it more special
I'm surprised Chris didn't invite Garnt for his next adventure, if even for a day.
Am super excited! So relieved you’ve got a team to edit for you 😅
I dread to think of the electricity bill price for Chris's set
Thank you for sharing Tohoku. I've been to the area years ago and it is a really beautiful region. Love to see more of it.
Tohoku is the best!!!
I think Natsuki is on to something. Short film set in your house and you have to make it as realistic and gritty as possible
This is gonna be awesome 💪
1st challenge: Buy a car that is reminiscent of a plastic pig (Reliant robin)
you can do it chris, just remember life is ballon ❤
This will be sooo cool ❤ hope you all have so much fun on that new journey 😊 will be awesome to watch 😍
I hope you know, that no matter what you do you have fans here on YouTube, that does not really care if its a big documentary or silly fun videos!  I love watching you, the friends you bring on, the thoughts you have, and fun skits you make! I love watching you in Japan, but I would also watch you filming other places or topics! You have the charms, you are a lovely angry British man haha! Because of you, I took up Duolingo, I found a Japanese language course in my city, I met new friends there, and I am hoping to visit Japan next year with one of those new friends, so thank you <3
Marriage works
Don't know what you mean, cycling in the snow is amazing fun, I once tried to avoid a car and ended up sledding down a whole hill sitting on the frame of my bike on its side.
Plsss eat the damn ramen. Its getting cold!!
You can be so incredibly proud of yourself Chris. To think of where you came from and that you had an idea and made it happen. I love your content and love telling my friends about it. You really are an inspiration and I say that without a slither of British self-loathing humour.
Amazing, that's actually the part of Japan I want to visit, can't wait to see where I'll be travelling! :D
Ring ring, ring ring… hellieu? Oh… goodnight… Fack off.
Pulling out the avengers cast with this upcoming series
This thumbnail had me concerned you were apoligising for doing something bad and about to break out in song with a ukelele, keep it up mate, you're doing an awesome job!
the way the videos have improved of the years is really incredible. Especially the documentary stile videos :-D i also like that you show more the "less known parts" of Japan than the typical tourist spots that you can see in almost every other yotuube video about japan. Can't wait for December :D
Thank god. I thought this video was going to be the end of abroad in japan
Good luck! cant wait to see whats coming! Also good luck doing 1 per day LUL
I love your and Natsuki's friendship❤
Much Love !!! I'm already hypeeeeeeeee
Pete keeps getting demoted in rank of best American friends.
Challenge for Natsuki. Drink a whole can of beer after each cigarette!
Natsuki allways stealing the show wich im all for.
Really looking forward to the next Journey Across Japan. The first one was epic, even with the problems you had along the way.
Sweet! Just Be Safe- I love all you guys so much. I am looking forward to it!!
Natsuki is the real star of the show. We watch this tripe for Natsuki-sama to bless us with his presence and effortlessly utter the sacred incantations that allow us to continue to sustain a meager existence in this cruel and relentless world, "Goodnight. Fuck off."
I am so amped about this! I am only a recent devotee to your videos, however binge watching past series has brought me a lot of joy and an escape from my current situation which has me unable to travel and adventure myself. So glad to have something to look forward too, during what is going to be a pretty tough month for me.
I'm so happy there's a Natsuki space in there! Excited for the next chapter, it's gonna be awesome!
Also congrats on reaching 10 years 😊
Gosh you have a ramen shop?! 😮 congrats 😊
Sad Taken for GRANTed will never happens
is it just me or have natsuki and chris aged like 10 years since the last time i saw them?
While it's fun watching you lose your mind over the camera, I hope that it's all just an act for the camera and take care of your health, both mentally and physically for the trip. As always, we're confident that it's going to be the thing I am looking forward to in the upcoming weeks
Omg my reddit post asking for this came true - it’s like christmas
this is probably the coolest home ive ever seen...so much character in so little space. some companies need an entire amusementpark to do what you did
This is going to be amazing !
Natsuki proposed an interesting idea. Try make a short movie in this studio only.
Finally! You should have had an editing team handle the videos for these daily stuff. You handle the big pieces, and you can hand the others to the team when you're too busy. Good to see you're finally getting more help on that end.
Chris must've worked hard to fit into Japanese society.
I actually haven't been recommended this channel for, man, probably a year now. Thanks YouTube 😒. Wow Chris, you're channel has Really grown! Excited to see what's next.
"like the original journey across Japan there will be six difference guests" ok so what day is Connor?
This series sounds good. I allways love your series on traveling around Japan!
Chris, your Southeast Asian audience here are already way too familiar with Suzuki's kei car, they sold us Wagon R here, although it is market-specific. I hope you can find more interesting ones like Subaru's or Daihatsu's new Taft (4WD) - helps you in the snow.
KEN WAHTEHNAHABAE EN MIDNITE!!!😂
Finally back to the origin video style , the reason I started to watch your videos ❤
I commented that a few years ago on another video: you're still one of the best youtubers. your "guests" or friends are all entertaining. keep it up mr. yuutubaa
So i follow you Chris   , since i always had a soft spot for Japan , and you showed to me all the awsome things i dreamed about Japan ( landscapes , culture , festivals etc.) Intertwined with serious topic about Japan's problems as well , love you channel keep at it , its so relaxing watching your videos ✌️
just wanna say I don’t mind the frequency of your uploads because of the quality, but you do slip out of mind for a bit because of it and then if the algorithm doesn’t put you in my feed I may forget for a while.  I hope the frequency doesn’t come at expense of quality, though. Quality of your videos are top notch 👌
I'm so excited for this! I loved the original Journey Across Japan and have rewatched it many times. You were a big inspiration in me doing exchange studies in Sendai back before the pandemic, and it was one of the best decisions I've ever made. I cannot wait to see some familiar places around Tohoku, as well as new ones along the way!
But will there be look where that got you by Mattie Maguire on the Soundtrack… otherwise I don’t know what could go wrong. I‘ve always loved this series. This is amazing…
take care on ur journey and enjoy
Thank you for all the hard work you put into your videos! I am looking forward to your series on Tohoku. After having seen many of the most touristy spots in Japan, it will be interesting to see the lesser known and maybe more "real" parts of Japan.
this is going to be epic,, cant wait 😍😍
This is amazing… like really amazing… I’m going to rewatch all the old ones again…
I feel like the Shikoku region is another often neglected region. Would you consider doing journey there in the future? I really enjoyed visiting Tokushima when I was there.
Congrats on 10 years Chris! I still remember watching your first few videos of you adapting to the cultural differences in your first apartment and the loud bird on your balcony, watching Japanese TV and Bo Peep coming on, it's great to see how far you've come! :) I loved your journey across Japan and your podcast with Pete. Also, big shout out to our main man Natsuki, we all know who the real star of the show here is ;)
Listening to your book via audible.
I mark my calendar for Dec 1. Excitement overLOAD!
FUUUUCKIN' YEEEEEES!!!!
Recently came home from a month long vacation in Japan and out of all the places we visited, my absolute favorite was Sendai and the smaller towns we visited around that region. Just like your videos before, I suspect this will be an inspiration for our future travels in northern Japan.
So happy to hear, this will make december so much better
man seeing you retammpt this makes me happy as a long term viewer. you can do it chris
Oh man lookong forward to this! Wife and I hoping to catch you all in Aomori to say hi 👋   Bring your snow shovels 😂
I stayed overnight in the tohoku region when I went to visit earlier this month. It was Odate, Akita. I fell in love, it was just 2 days and one night but walking the streets feeling the nature around me and the more slower paced city that isn't packed with people rushing around (this includes the tourists) and I could count, on one hand, the amount of foreigners I saw and same for the amount of people I didn't need google translate to help me talk to.. and you know what I loved it. It forced me to use my limited Japanese at times, like in the Taxis mainly.
why you making me cry out of happiness
Has it really been 5 years since you started the Journey across Japan videos? I remember looking forward to watching those each day, and then they started to become every few days and then weekly 😂 At which point I kinda got the idea that you may have bit of more then you can chew lol. Looking forward to the next batch then.
神編集者Chrisだ！
Finally Tohoku is getting some love 😆.  I lived in Sendai for a year and have travelled the area during my studies abroad there. I'm excited to see all the familiar places again!
I'm honestly very hyped for this
FAT BIKES! They are made for snow.
2:26
Bikes + Snow = Death. Yeah - that's an equation I can get behind.
10 years ago, natsuki looked like a chubby, happy go lucky guy. now he looks like a middle aged man....   - . -
Could you and Connor do a cyclothon with Robcdee I feel like it’d be a great collaboration
I'm crazy excited for this! 💙💙💙🥳🥳🥳 Good luck!!!
Super exciting news! As a viewer from back then, if there's something that I'd love to see more of that you do particularly well - especially now that we're all a bit older - it's historical and cultural places along the locations you visit. Less hotel rooms and challenges, more history and culture!
Cash in on that December ad money
Go ahead ! I send you strengh ^^
I am so exciteeed!!!
You should buy a suzuki jimny as your JAJ car. Or any other "Kei 4x4" as they call it.
I went all the way to Washinomiya, Japan and it was the quietest most beautiful town ever. the people there were very nice too(those who are used to foreigners) there is nothing but a good scenery and a real location from the anime "Luckystar".  another cool less isolated place was next to the ocean Shichirigahama, Japan from the anime "SlamDunk" I thought it would be packed by foreigners but it was only me taking a picture of the train passing by. Locals there are either jogging, eating out in the local park or relaxing next to the ocean.
Thank you for making another Journey across Japan, looking forward to it!
Already saw the announcement on Patreon (spoilers: he tells us stuff there early guys!) - so was super worried when I saw the thumbnail. Glad everything is still going ahead, but more importantly we love you man. We love your content, we love your commitment and we love everyone in the wider ABJ universe you've introduced us to and brought along the way. Hope everything goes smoothly & I'm sure the new series will be kickass.
ken watanabe!
I know you worked in northern Japan and that looks fun, but I love Okinawa and the Ryukyu Islands. There's so much History and beauty in these far flung locations that people don't get to see. You've put in a lot of time and even working as a English teacher to support your content. Do you have any advice as far as liasons, editing and networking to meet goals for your content?
Holy shit Chris, that wall scroll just visible above the table when you turned the camera for just a second there is the SAME one my uncle sent my grandma when I was little. I loved looking at it and it is basically what drew me into Japanese culture. That and the anime Noozles. I saw it and had to pause to look. It was like unlocking a core memory. Thanks for that. Where can I find one?
3:03 I still watch Ayas videos from time to time, she is a fantastic person :D
I feel like going by bicycle made the original one just that bit better. Still, looking forward to it.
Holy smokes! Let's freaking gooooo! ❤
Are you pausing your anime podcast while you're doing this
I will never forget the moment I stumbled upon journey across Japan s1.. at the time I was unsure about moving to Japan, but your videos had a kind of charm and soothing feeling that hit me, it made me make the jump and move, which is why THIS series will always have a special place in my heart and I hope it never goes away. Thank you Chris and here is to the next one!
Oooo yay this is so exciting! im looking forward to this!
First thought was you were leaving Japan was anxius to click the video Very excited for the Series
Hype, always love watching this channel
aint no fucking way AINT NO FUCKING WAY
Really exited for this! But I'm genuinely still waiting for Taken for Garnted.
This will be a treat!!
King of the North (Aldi)
I am quite honest I prefer to wait 1 month or even 2 months and then watch a whole movie of you instead of a video every day
Don’t worry about getting further from your audience, we all think you’re a wanker anyway. The TUC ‘shop’ pachinko exchange got me. You should make a theme park somewhere dull like Luton and basically make a Japan experience with Yakiniku Like, Torikizoku, Famima, Pachinko, BIC Camera blaring their theme music on a loop and Yoshinoya. Tickets only available by fax or Line, payment by ID or Suica, a hotel that charges by the person, and after 7PM the women from Kanda station pop up. Yen. Making. Machine.
Its always fun watching you man. The drifting with Ludwig and Jshlatt the other day was a fun twist! Youre always doing something new, or doing things with different people. And having fun while doing it. Super fun man, a blast to watch!
Can't wait :D
"Hello? Hello? Goodnight. F*ck off" Oh god I love Natsuki.
So excited by this news !! Really looking forward to sharing in this latest adventure with you and your friends ! Thank you for consistently and brilliantly entertaining us all for so long, please don't make yourself so poorly this time ! Have the best fun xx
At the end you should release an hour long behind the scenes documentary about it.
Holy crapcakes I'm so stoked about this! LFGooooo!!!!!!
As a viewer i really appreciate how aware you are of what tends to follow a growth in channel size, and also how hard you try to keep connected. You don't have to, but it really feels nice in a way so thank you! 😊
Can't wait for the next Journey Across Japan!!!!  The Tokyo set looks AAAAAAMMMMMAAAAZING! 💖
I'm so excited for the next journey
Can’t wait! Good luck Chris ☺️
Thanks!
I love Chris' Animal Crossing home.
I am so beyond excited. I have watched this channel for many many years, and my favorite time to watch your videos has always been during christmas time, december! So the fact that a new episode will be out every single day (until it ends) in december is absolutely fantastic. This is gonna be so cozy because of all the snow and just because its in december!
Your videos about shirt prints and foods that made no sense in English made me smile when I was going through a tough period.
I've been loving your channel even since before I had a youtube account to like and subscribe. You've been awesome and hilarious this whole time, so I'll continue to enjoy your content for years. My favorite thing about your personality is that you're not perpetually 'happy' all the time like some ultra fake youtubers - you have your grumpy moments, you complain, but in the end you have a great time, and that's comfortingly relatable.
Doing a detailed tour of every part of the ‘off the track’ parts of Japan sounds awesome. When you visit your old hometown will you be setting up a reunion with your old school teachers and students?  Love your utube videos keep up the good work.
ive sent like 30 challenges idea . hope I will get picked hahahah ! 'Lefred'
That studio looks amazing!
Exciting stuff! Tohoku is great!
tbh i thought he was about to drop out of youtube and was about to shit myself. Glad gl on the next journey japan.
Is anyone noticed how pete got from 2nd best american to 3rd best, now I am curious who is Chris's 2nd and 1st American now.
On behalf of @NotJustBikes I would like to point out that cycling in a snowy area is not really problematic if there are separate cycle paths and they're cleared of snow regularly. (Or the snow can also just be compressed and flattened if it's always well below 0°C.)
was genuinely ready for him to announce abroad in spain
It would be so wonderful if during the last episode, Chris and Sharla get married.
Reallyy glad you’re focusing on the hidden gems of Tohoku. It’s a special place for me too after living in Sendai for 4 years
Dude, NEVER go for quantity. It never goes well. People are spoiled and keep demanding more and more. I honestly don't care if someone puts out a vid every month, or every few months. I just want them to have fun making it and myself having fun watching it.
sheeeesh this is going to be epic. I am so excited for this!
Super super super excited for the upcoming journey across Japan!
I cannot wait. This is gonna be epic!!!
Been here since nearly the start of this channel. Your journey has been truly inspiring, and I continue wish you more success along the way. You're a beacon for people who want to see the world and no matter where they travel, they can reference you to see just how humbling life can be. Keep up the great work
We will indeed be waiting with popcorn in hand!!! Sending you lots of love all the way from Mexico! 🫶🇲🇽❤‍🩹
Good luck, take care and looking forward to all the shenanigans :D
We can't wait to journey across the north of Japan with you Chris! Don't worry, we know you will keep your promise when we journey across the SOUTH of Japan with you!
Keen! Journey Across Japan was the content that had me subscribe in the first place :P all the best!
Mate the NBC screwed over Jeremy Clarkson, and REALLY ficked over Top Gear. You want nothing to do with them.
Challenge for you. Drunk bicycle race uphill in the ice...
We just got back from Japan last week, a very rushed 13 days but what a beautiful country..I cannot wait to go back but next time in land more and not so much the big cities. Looking forward to following your adventures..
nothing but <3
Never thought i’d see chris doing vlogmas but here we are
Nice plan Sir. I just returned from a 14 days trip from Tokyo to Hachinohe to Sapporo to Tomakomai to Ōarai to Tokyo. Yes, the very north of Honshu needs more visitors. And it is worth it. By the way, that umeboshi drink you had at the end got me realy hooked. too sad, there is no way to buy it here in  Germany. I'm looking forward for the new JAJ chapter. Greetings!
did chris lose weight or am i imagining it??🤧 Dec 1st gonna put it in my calendar ❤🎉
Looking forward to the next Journey across Japan episode! Always enjoyed the series and wishing that I could go on the same journey someday!   Take care and have fun!
So happy to see & hear this news!!! Amazing, I hope you will be able to enjoy it♡
Never really clicked before, but I just realized that Natsuki looks like a Japanese Jack Black. 😅
I was genuinely surprised when you mentioned comments that you might not have produced enough content. I've followed your channel from the start, and I've always thought you were quite prolific. Anyway, looking forward to the Tohoku trip. As always, many thanks.
cool. :) I live in Kuji, Iwate. can't wait to see what you show from my area.
Looking forward to it🙌🎉
This is good growth for you, releaving the editing duties and just relying on making content is a new step.  Hope this will mean you get to sleep and are better rested everyday
back in 2015 i watched a lot of youtubers in japan, but abroad in japan is the only one im still watching! im sure whatever the future is, its gonna be good, keep up the good work and videos chris!
You should bring back the chick that got her bit cut from the original
Damn! I really like your movie set, where did you get the furniture? 😀 Would love to move in.
This's gonna be awesome
Aw shame its not 24 days. Could have been an advent calendar! But still awesome concept! Will be viewing.
Very entertaining & enlightening ... Thank you!
It's truly inspiring to see how far you've come. Can't wait for your upcoming journey across Japan! It's going to be epic, for sure. Cheers to more milestones in your YouTube career. Keep the videos coming!
Risottaro is my favorite creator
As far as regular content goes, I would be glad if it were simply once a week, whatever subject matter you want as long as it's related to Japan. I hope your next Journey Across Japan series will be an amazing experience!
Failure is part of life. Get back up and fail some more. That is just the way life is a chain of successful failures.
This seems like it was inspired by what Nobita From Japan said about Chris promoting this area.
Just finished listening to your audible book!! Great listen thoroughly enjoyed it mate. Subscribed. Cannot wait to return to Japan, went in October myself. Loved every minute.
i will be watchin all your videos regardless, no need to try impress just make sure my GOD NATSUKI is involved or  "go f*** your*elf" lol.
Have fun!
Nice way to make the absolute most of the higher ad revenue of December :) Would like to see some variation with you guests tho.
MMM another Travel across Japan series. Would not put a stress on yourself about the ´daily videos´. Most important is that there will be adventure! Dont be hard on yourself. Have a good one!
Wooo well I am sold and excited. 🗾🗾🗾🚙🚙🚙
I think you were the one guy that sent me on the Japanese track with you Remembring Kanji textbook review. I'm glad you keep moving forward with your channel. The content is always really satisfying.
No Garnt
i love journey across Japan glad to see another iteration !!!
Am excited for Journey Across Japan remaster 😊
I love to see Chris or one of the gang do a table flip in that room
Almost exciting
Personally i prefer waiting for uploads becajse i know all your travel oriented videos have so much love and care pit into them ans theyre absolutely top notch!
Thanks for all your great work Chris. You deserve all the success that comes your way.
The first series was amazing despite the hardships. I did feel bad for you though, Saw in your face how tired and miserable you were,but I could see you wanted to make it work and it turned out awesome. I have no doubt this one will be great too, just like all JAJs! Very excited and will be tuning in with every upload. Just remember, Chris. Your health comes first, don't stress too much!
3:04  Years later and I still can't believe that tiny lassie managed to eat that HUGE bowl of food! I went and looked at her video of it too and it's just amazing to see that mountain of food disappear into that tiny wee frame! Very impressive.
So excited for the new series... but when is Ellen coming back?!
Such magic, you produce, always fun,great guests, always very informative, a pure joy to watch !!!!
To hear you say that journey across japan 1, was 5 years ago is crazy i was 16 years old needing something to distract me from all i was going through and then found that in this british dude in japan
cant wait to see the next season of Chris Struggling.
When I was on exchange in Japan in the late 90s, my host family's house living room looked almost exactly like your "70s" replica, hahah! Some things never change.
Was journey across Japan really a disaster ? I enjoyed it a lot ! Love your content Chris:!!
Can't wait to watch this this looks fantastic!
I only find your channel as was watching an cdags channel and you was on I than started watching your channel as well watch all of your journey across Japan love them all and than I find out you are from our hometown of Maidstone guess what we got a real Christmas tree this year in the town not that silly plastic thing   Can not wait for your next journey
Very excited!!
. . . Journey across Japan was FIVE YEARS AGO????!?  It feels like that was last year's summer or something! What the fuck happened to all that time...
hype!
I was hoping you and sharla were doing a couples onlyfans and calling it “Abroad in a broad” 😢
Right 5:56 im part way in and all I can say is I’m really looking forward to it. Honestly especially up north. I’m I BIG Aomori fan love that northern coast and really hoping you spend a bit of time up there.
AMAZING NEWS! The OG Journey across Japan is easily my favorite playlist on YouTube! Hopefully this works out nicely! Most important is you guys have fun!
We quit our corporate jobs and travelled around Japan for three months precisely because of the original Journey Across (the) Japan and other Tohoku vids. From Aomori to Akita, Morioka to Kitakata, Niigata to Matsuyama, Kumamoto and Kagoshima. Thanks for the travel inspiration - can't wait for the next adventure!
Can't wait for another journey across japan. Been a fan since the beginning of your channel and decided it was time to submit a challenge.  Build a snowman that looks like eachother. The worst snowman made will have to get destroyed by running straight into it or throwing it off a mountain !  Good luck gentleman ;)
My god. Chris looks amazing, he's slim
Loving it as always & love the Blade Runner look
Really looking forward to it
Looking forward to the upcoming series, Chris!  ...still waiting for the "Take it for Garnted" though 😂😂
DEFINITELY looking forward to a new Journey Across Japan but happy you have an editing team behind you to help you out so as to avoid a mental breakdown/ pure exhaustion.  Will definitely be with you daily from December 1st Mister Broad, it's a date! ;)
Hey Natsuki gave an amazing idea here. Why don't you guys try and recreate some epic manga movements in your studio!!!!! Would die to see it happen....well maybe not die😅  And eagerly waiting for Journey Across Japan: Non-stop North😁
i remember my 5th grade teacher showing us your capsule hotel video back in 2015. crazy to see how much this channel has changed
does oldmate have a channel?!  He's hilarious!!!
I love seeing the lesser know parts of Japan; the towns and experiences that you don't normally get.
Over exposed, over indulgent   Becoming a vanity channel
idk man, sounds like the perfect recipe for Burnout rather then a first step towards more videos.
Im getting weirdly emotional over this. What a massive inspiration you have been Chris, I wish you the very best of luck :P
Is Chris gonna keep his sanity or become a full-blown lunatic after this Journey Across Japan?
I am so excited for this.. I leave for Japan on Saturday, I have just bought Chris's audiobook to listen to on the flight and now I can look forward to watching new Journey Across Japan WHILE IN Japan? Bloody marvellous.
Because of this YouTube channel I’m starting to learn Japanese and I’m going to visit in the next few years. And just bought your book as well 😊
New challenge, sounds good. On a Kei-car, though?... Just take your mind back to your Wakkanai/wakannai road trip with american Pete. I think you'd be better off renting a 4WD (or even buying a second hand one and then re-selling at a profit _"The car from Journey Across Japan"_ ...) I think it would have been better to do this on spring or during kōyō season, using a van with 2 electric mountain bikes at the back for the occasional offroad foray but, if it's now or never, at least be safe (and more flexible, able to access more locations...)
natsukis english is getting a lot better!
Always loved Abroad in Japan videos, but yes, gotta agree, sometimes I would want to watch more than you guys put out.
Don't force it. It's like a fart. If you have to force it it might be shit.
Natsuki is just like adorable kitten :) even if turn ugly and fat by years, it still have the cutest eye and you give him more food :¨)) not ment to be disrespectful
Really looking forward to the upcoming journey across japan! I finally got my passport, so hopefully i can get some travel ideas
You know what's funny? I just finished binging Journey Across Japan a few days ago and I already miss it, SO THIS IS PERFECT TIMING
waaait this is exciting omg
Can’t wait for these I’m starting to plan my trip for my 40th and would love to see some of the unseen or forgotten places. 10 years of watching and wishing I could be there is finally happening!!!!!!
Can't wait!! Your channel has only gotten better since I started in 7 or 8 years ago by the way :)
In this particular video you got uncanny resemblance to Christopher Walken 🧐
man, I'm just really looking forward to seeing Chris get to that little yellow car.
When you achieve everything that you wanted, even things that you didn't expect or know you could do - go back to basics and do what you felt was hardest. Have a great time!
Oooh dang....can't wait.looking forward
awsome
Looking forward to you seeing Akita!
Keen!
So excited for this!! Would definitely be keen to see more of accessing the region by train though since for Japan the railways are such a highlight and it would be nice to see places we can visit even if we aren't able to drive in Japan
that's a Suzuki Hustler! Fun drive haha
Woohoo 🎉🎉🎉
He's becoming a true japanese, embracing suffering for nothing.
I'm glad you are happy. I would like to say that you could totally do documentaries for the BBC. Don't sell yourself short. I've seen the production quality really get better and better over the years.  I never had any interest in Japan. I just happened across your videos one day and was hooked. I've learned lots.
Abroad in Japan is one of the most underrated channel imo. The quality of each video has always been  the same or even better than tv shows.
Damn, it feels like a while since I've last seen Chris. I missed you man.  But honestly I don't really mind if you upload daily or take long breaks, because you're one creator that always delivers and I'm excited for your videos.  Looking forward to enjoying this December with the new videos.
December is going to be a great december. Journey across japan AND the GTA VI trailer.
That series was the best! I think you going actually insane in real time was part of the charm of it, it just felt so damn real. Hopefully this time is a it more enjoyable for you but still fun as hell!
This is a gaming channel right? I think you should play Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver on a Playstation 1, would suit Gaming in Japan!
It has been such a journey Chris. I've watched every single video you've made for the last 10 or so years. No exception. Thank you for making my days! The original Abroad in Japan holds such a special place in my heart, and I can't believe you're planning to recapture the magic in a way. I cannot wait!
Hey Chris. I was wondering if you are still in touch with Roy? If yes, what happened to him? He sounded like a swell guy. I bet he could be an interesting guest in you videos.
TOHOKU TOUR YESSSSSS
Happy to see there's more in the works, just don't burn yourself out bro.  Quality over quantity is always better.
One of the calmest announcements of a super exciting adventure!! Can't wait to watch this series as I've watched all the previous ones, love your videos Chris and gang, thanks for constantly giving us entertainment, fun and learning more about Japan ❤
Hell yeah! Good luck on that trip!
I can't believe it was five years ago that I hanging out for each release of a Journey Across Japan.
As much as I love your later Journey Across Japan and can see the amazing cinematography, it did miss the raw reality that original one had, and how much of the small hidden away spots you found along the way! I look forward to your next project! Keep it up, Chris.
Definitely looking forward to the next Journey Across Japan. Great to see Natsuki again.
Ahhhhh!!!! I’m so excited and I haven’t even finished the video!
That hair salon is such a sweet gesture. I'm reading your book right now, and the chapter on Japan's "most eccentric man" is really funny.
i'm sorry did you say 5 years ago. ...
I LOVE YOU CHRIS BROAD
Chris looks really good here.
I'm sooo looking forward to your new project. Can't wait for December. 😍
Very happy with this announcement ! Can't wait to see your journey to the beautiful north ! As a fan... extremely exciting winter  awaits !
This is going to be an Advent Calendar through Japan. Exciting!
Absolutely love the channel Chris and I'm SO excited to see the new Journey Across Japan videos! Also, I've added a telephone call with Natsuki to my bucket list.
Looks like a new Chris Broad standout series is on the horizon!
Hey Chris, very happy for you, seeing your journey throughout the years has been inspiring. Thank you for your work and bringing your audience along for ride. Cheers
Good 4 you !!
Man it would be so funny if pewds joined but i realized he did just have a baby so he dont got time for that. Cant wait to see the journey Chris!
Holy shit, that was a studio ?????
Super excited!! All the best Chris.
I'm all for you trying to keep the promise,  But please keep your mental health in check, I can deal with less videos but at higher quality.  Stray strong brother!
Im a reletively new Subscriber, but im excited to see this!
RIP Editors
your older videos were the reason why I fell in love with  this channel, and the original JAJ had a certain charm that the later ones, (while probably executed better) just lacked. I'm so excited for this new series! Also to hear youwant to just focus on the channel as opposed to expanding out..is comforting to hear
I am super hyped!!! This channel still is one of my favorite yt channels ever, the videos never disappoint :)
Please number them this time like the originals, following the recent journey across Japan videos order has been hard due to thumbnails/titles. Also been watching your videos about 7+ years and realised I was not subscribed, I guess they just always got recommended to me due to the frequency I watched them, so I assumed I was 💀
Missed the opportunity to call it NNN and release it in November. But looking forward to it!!
Hopefully the new editors can catch your style of editing Chris. Looking forward to it!
Love the channel always have enjoyed what you do, and look forward to what is to come ~ :)
excitinggggg
Make another DR JELLY COMMERCIAL for the fourth time or fifth idk 😂
I was super impressed seeing the first studio tour he did. But it just keeps getting better. The mini house inside the studio looks great
I love Natsuki's new hair style. He looks so good!
Mate, you should actually shoot a movie or a short film there. One of those films that are not about special effects but about the plot and don't rely on having lots of sceneries.
Looking forward to the fun and chaos. Best of luck in purchasing your car!
I've watched a lot less Abroad in Japan in the recent... months by now probably. The thumbnails and video titles kinda look like the usual click bait videos you see on a YouTube start page, so it really discourages me from watching them, even though the contents are probably normal episodes that I'd enjoy. But something about the shocked faces, random stars and a title like "You won't BELIEVE what we found here!" makes it difficult for me to check the video out. That's also the reason why I watched this video so early. It had a normal looking thumbnail and title that actually show what's happening in the video instead of throwing around buzz words.
Ok yeah way more doable if driving and editor team. We are actually going to get daily content. This is a miracle :D
New sub!!! I’m obsessed ♥️🇯🇵🏯🍱
Do a beach episode
You could do that region trip twice. Once with winter snow and again with warmer weather to showcase the different seasons and things to do in each season.
That was 5 years ago?!?!?!?!
Thank you for you effort!! And can wait for the Christmas calendar episodes
I really enjoyed you bringing us along with you on the previous journey across japan. Hope you don’t have a tough time on the next one!
The house tours with Tokyo portfolio are nice too
Can't wait to see this, going to Japan for my honeymoon in two years and looking for places to go outside Tokyo! All the best Chris and team.
I would love to see you do Journey across South Korea one day!
I'm waiting for a Journey Across Japan where you restore one of those rural houses and you have to do challenges in-between trying to restore it XD
Can we please clone Natsuki? Every friendship group requires one!
I want to find someone who looks at me the way Natsuki looks at his own face printed down on a paper door.
Sat watching this in a tiny brewpub in Akita while enjoying the JR East Tohoku Pass. Looking forward to seeing what hidden gems I miss on this trip!
I love the fact that it's just you being you...doing stuff.. it's honest and blunt. You say things how you see it, and don't pull punches, while tossing in a bit of comedy... I love it.
Dude you rock, don’t work yourself to death! But really it’s crazy how I first saw you in the earthquake vid. Been a saga and a half.
Recently finished the old Journey across Japan series and now a new one? Talk about perfect timing, this is gonna be EPIC!.💥👍
Fabulous. Can't wait❤
do kyushu after
i’m extremely excited for this, oh my god.
I think i mentioned this im person Chris, but your videos were a huge influence on my itinerary in my 2 months across Japan, with 2 weeks of it being in Tohoku. Aomori, Sendai, and all the small offshoots from there, so much to see esepcially the nature. Really looking forward to the videos!!!
Absolutely stoked for the new JAJ! I loved the original, hell I love all of them, so I'm so happy you're doing a Tohoku one (some of my favourite videos of yours are the Tohoku ones you've done before!).
Excited for this. In the process of planning a trip to tohoku in Feb 25 so will be really helpful.
You keep scaring me with these titles haha  I don't want you to leave lol ever but it will happen eventually 😢
New video, YES and add Natsuki HELL YES! \m/
This is great news! Love it when you travel across Japan <3
pete ☹️☹️
i dislike it when pete comes on screen.
id prefer you not to have pete on the series
so excited for this! its going to make the build up to christmas amazing, hope you have a wonderful time doing it and stay safe~
pete is lame
pete is not cool
i skip all the episodes with pete .
pete isn’t entertaining
December 1st is my birthday so Thanks in advance for this amazing present 😹
idk something abt pete is fake. he feels too corny
pete is my least favorite
i don’t like pete.
I guess we’re going to see Tohoku more for a while  I’m happy with that
You’ve done a good job and Japan has embraced you so well done.
I wonder which video would do better one with UK Pete or one with US Pete, my money'd be on UK Pete or maybe my hope lol
Need a random guest haha, Iv ridden across Japan on my Bicycle and always happy to do it again!
wtf, journey across Japan was 5 years ago? .... damn, I thought it was 2 or something
Watch out for bears.  Bears in Japan have been more active than usual this year, with reports of sightings even appearing in Tokyo and Saitama.  The damage is increasing in Tohoku.  With the increase in solar panels, this situation has arisen.
With such telephone talent, Natsuki would fit in very well in the British customer service industry.
The fact that Journey Across Japan was 5 years ago blows my mind..
Maybe ask PewDiePie about his experience with doing daily episodes? He might have some suggestions.
Honestly, I like your videos because of you. If it is a big project or a smaller video. Because of your personality everything is entertaining. You definetly are one of the most gifted you tubers I have seen, no doubt. But I think, the most of us just like your videos for you 😊 So please do not stress yourself to deliver always the next best thing 😊 Just do the stuff you love. Burnout for youtubers is a real thing. Take care of yourself, we want to enjoy your videos for a long time 😊
best kinda advent calendar ever!
Can't wait to see, Chris! I love your love of adventure and willingness to overcome challenges. I'll be watching to see all the snowy sights in eagerness for my February trip :))
Looks real promising. The weird chemistry between you and Natsuki is hilarious
When will Garnt join? I would like to see Across Japan: “Taken for Garnted”
Still waiting for Journey Across Japan: Taken For Garnted
Meth, not even abroad 😅 :P
Something to look forward to from you! sounds exciting!
I always enjoyed seeing the non tourist version of Japan. Very exited to see this new series.
THIS SPARKS JOY. TOO MUCH JOY... THIS IS GOING TO BE SO FUN
Let’s gooooooo
Chris and Connor should make a video of them trying every variety of that regions speciality food or drink item is, as a challenge
Sent a challenge in for you and Connor. Hope it's not too hard/silly.  Very excited for another JAJ. Honestly JAJ has to be one of my favorite things to watch on Youtube. And I'm really glad you're going to revisit the original format with challenges everyday. I get a kick out of the challenges! People are super creative lol.  Just hope you and your guests won't get too burnt out filming every day. I know you have a massive team now (good job on that!) but filming has to be pretty tiring right? Don't want you to get burnt out Chris <3
Can't Wait !!!!!
I've been watching for years and as a new channel I use your videos as an example for how to make great videos. The editing , the pacing , the hook, The presentation style, sound design.   It's a prime example of getting out what you put in and being able to evolve. So thanks for the good stuff 🎉
Chris, you look shredded here. I can almost see your cheekbone.
I wonder when Taking for Granted will happen😂 But still excited for this series of course keep it coming Chris!!!
Oh my god im excited for this!
Obviously there has to be a Dr. Jelly advert again
Theres no way its been 5 years since the og journey across japan that means I've been here for longer than that like 6 or 7 years??!!
I thought you were quitting YouTube and going silent, the title is terrifying. Thank you for continuing!
I dont mind waiting for a few days even a week for a new video to come online because i know that if  a video comes up it will be a good one and thats more important than just spamming out content.  Can't wait for the new journey across japan!!!
Ahh hell yeah, another JAJ! Hopefully it will be more like the first one. That had a charm I really really loved.
I am just rubbing my hands and feet man.
Hell yeah!!! Let's go!!!!
ultry hype
Uhhh yeah!
Natsuki always is so wholesome in his uniqueness.
I have special memories about Tohoku region. Totally agree with you that Tohoku region deserve more spot light in international media. My favorite onsen in Japan is in Akita. I went there 2 times and plan to go more there. Excited to join your journey and explore the region
How about ranting or buying a AE86 for the car option. If possible plz do it. Love your content and wish you best of luck.
Another journey can’t wait to see what treasures you discover Chris
Good luck with this! Last I visited I ended up spending a bunch of time going around Touhoku (warmer weather though, it was spring) and walking around flower and fish places. I don't know why I felt inclined to go there but you might well have been a subconsious influence, I feel like.
wow…i cant believe that was 5 years ago my god
My wacky challenge is to have one day a week where you all get a solid day and night's rest (in a love hotel)! I'm excited for this segment, but please take care of your health first!!
There is a really nice blend of documenting and sheer enjoyment from you and your friends in all of your journeys across Japan. Whether you're videos drop daily or not I think a consistent weekly presence is enough for your loyal fans.
I for one think you can manage it this time. I look forward to the chaos.
Interview bokuso motorcycle groups for the fun mate
You're quite impressed with yourself aren't you Chris
Hurray! My absolute favorite region. I loved living in Aomori prefecture. Can’t wait to see all the stunning footage!
Yeeeeeeeaaa lets goooo
That's great news Chris, if you're ever down Mie, let me know😊 May I suggest a Honda N box 4wd
You should also add to your edits the despair and hopelessness everytime your uploads of journey accross japan is about to be delayed. It would feel more like a reality tv show
are we doing it one bikes? you bet were fooking not ! love it lol also good audio book chris had it on repeat the last few days
HUGE
Whooooaaahhh im soo excited for this series!! good luck to you and the team!
Amazing news! Can't wait!
Congratulations, you deserve all the success that you've earned. Can't wait for the new series mate.
These two are young at heart
I can't wait! I'll be sure to check them all out, and pray for all of your safety and HAPPY SUCCESSFUL JOURNEY!!!! <3
Let the CHAOS ensue! I wish you and the crew the best on the trip and video editing. Please make sure to take short mental breaks from each other to ground yourselves. Have a great adventure. Looking forward to watching it!
This is going to be such a wonderful disaster.  Truly looking forward to upcoming episodes.  🎉
I look forward to the next journey. Honestly though Chris, as a long time viewer i feel your upload 'schedule' is fine, i would prefer to click on a video knowing it is a good quality, entertaining video rather than have more regular videos if it were to lower the quality.
this is going to be be great. my favourite part of this channel was the fact that you showed off the unexplored places of japan instead of purely tokyo/ kyoto. i travelled senai and all around tohoku because of this channel.  be interesting to see it in the snow. go to hirosaki castle and show me.
I'm really excited!!!!!!!! Lets gooooooooo >33333
Tohoku rules
amazing set, amazing commitment, amazing 10 years you guys gave us. good luck for another JAJ!
You have more viewers (audience) than CNN!
holy shit i’m so fucking hype
Natsuki’s english is really so much better now. Able to communicate mostly
taken for Granted, forgotten again
Your content is so amazing. I've learned so much about the most amazing country in the world thanks to you. I'm honestly grateful for it.
I feel like there is alot of pressure to keep promises about uploading videos and stuff but I also feel like personal wellbeing is very important and I hope you don't have to sacrifice it too much. Just a reminder to listen to your wellbeing, Im sure subscribers understand that if it's brought up. Anyways still enjoying your content and looking forward to seeing Tohoku trip
Wait wasn't Pete Chris' second best American friend?
When I seen the guy underneath the table, I thought it was one of those Asian horror movies where the vengeful spirit comes out the television or something
Chris finally letting his iron grip on the editing loosen and letting a team take the reins in order to avoid losing his sanity any more than this trip likely will xD This is going to make December so much more exciting than anticipated and will likely finally take the Patreon dive to get that bts access. Tohoku, LET'S GO! Land of the Zunda!
I posted a challenge but i doubt it will get in tbh. At least i was able to make one. 😂
I was fucking afraid reading the tile, but this is amazing!
I'm so lookin forward to this.😊
Looking at the thumbnail I thought you were troubling with midlife crisis haha. But glad that you are planning your next adventures with friends. Have fun!
I am SO EXCITED for this. I think I had watched this channel many years ago, then forgot about it because travelling was simply not an option for me, then the lead up to the world shutting down ALL I did was binge your videos. Those videos changed my life…  I’ve spent years now learning Japanese casually, I binge listened to the podcast and still do, and I FINALLY went to Japan in mid March-April 2023 and it was the best 17 days of my entire 30 years of life. Your channel fundamentally changed everything for some guy from a tiny nothing town in Canada to a first time solo traveler across Japan. Imagine that, someone who grew up in a 900 population town roaming the streets of TOKYO with confidence. You did that!!!!Maybe one day I will live there, who knows…For now though, I’m excited to see a side of Japan I don’t know a lot about and I hope that this next series brings more people like me to your channel and inspires them too, Chris.
love you chris! im glad youve found success doing the stuff you love
Your efforts allowed us to have a fantastic look at Japan, thank you. And btw, whatever you're doing physique wise, it's working, you're a lot slimmer, keep it up(if it's not danger for you, of course)!
So excited to see the journey through Tohoku! I went on a 3 week journey through Tohoku last January/February and absolutely loved it. Most certainly my best trip yet.
WE LOVE KEI CARS
So excited!!!
Lets fucking gooooooo!
I would like to see the Swedish guy hanging out with Natsuki, but he is a father now so it's pretty understandable why Pew can't be in the next JAJ.
I genuinely would love to see a short film set entirely within the confines of the new set
looking good Chris. You look stronger
So it has begun ⚔️
It’s the way natsuki is perfect for YouTube and it took a man from half way around the world to by chance become friends with him, then show his joy to the world.
YESYESYES
Can't wait for JAJ to start in Dezember, thanks for the amazing Content :D
Ask help from Alexi. He might not know where to find normal cars tho
Get that December YouTube money in Chris!!! Can’t wait to watch!
I've been watching your videos for years. You're the reason I went on the Shimanami Kaido bike adventure with my friends. We have a rough plan to see north Japan in 2025. I look forward to adding places to the list as I watch your upcoming videos!
I can't wait to move to Japan next year one-way ticket is bought. 1LK apartment in Tokyo is booked. ALT teacher resume has been accepted All i need is a 3D Japanese waifu
I've got a two and a half week old baby, new journey across Japan is just what I needed right now,!! I cannot wait 🤩
I can't believe it has been five years since Journey Across Japan, good lord.
Can't wait for next month now
I am super excited about the new journey across Japan series! Keep being awesome and we all support you and your amazing team!
I should move to Japan so you can add a French Canadian to your guest list 🤣 that trip looks like a lot of fun
Very exciting. You make the places you visit so appealing, I'm always jealous watching them. The attempt to get people to see the parts of Japan less traveled is admirable, especially given the depopulation and other challenges facing more remote parts of Japan. While you describe it as just making videos, you actually do a lot more than that, you promote Japan in a way I've never seen replicated on YouTube by anyone else for any other country. So while you mightn't pull in the most views on the platform, you are managing to do something pretty incredible. Good luck on the daily videos, I hope to see another mental breakdown and see you age 10 years in weeks.
It looks like a busy alleyway! Its awesome
Did you age up your face for the preview? You look instantly 5-10 years younger as soon as I hit play
You should maybe add a kotatsu in your Japanese Showa living room during the winter just for fun.
I would steal nomihodai, but for safety, we need to steal the concept of "enough" as well.
This is going to be ace.
Should have done it on Ski-Doo's.
Chris "not putting out enough content" is some horse crap. The quality of the videos (and often the length too) is so high that it's amazing they come out as often as they do now.
LETS GOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
Speaking of being grateful for the journey that you've been on, happy Thanksgiving from a fellow foreigner in Japan. And happy Labor Appreciation Day for all your Japanese viewers!
I honestly dont know why you say it will be a lot of snow.. i believe December will be cold and rainy, and not cold enough for snow to accumulate.
yeSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!
cant wait to see dr jelly again soon!
Has Chris ever gotten around to a Garnt collab? I missed it if so.
5:04 "my third best american friend" lmfaoo
haha i love natsukis "berry sad" comments... makes my day.
That's so sweet of you to create Natsuki's salon in this new set :'))) i wish we can have more Natsuki's content too
Why do you look like your family got murdered in the thumbnail ???
Just watch nobita from japan channel recently about how japanese love your video, and now you are doubling down on one point of why japanese like you..
Journey Across Japan is the best!
Oh no  Rip Clis Brod
shoryuken!
クリス最高!
You look great, Chris.
I'm very excited for this. I may not be able to watch every day as it comes out, but I'll definitely watch every episode at least once!
Dr Jelly and Natsuki another epic music video ??
Natsuki is a treasure.
💕💕💕💕💫
chris. you look very old. nice set!
Just got goosebumps after hearing about the new Journey across Japan series, so hyped! Thanks for the last few years of highest quality entertainment!
Sounds good. I'm in. Also, great studio set. Who painted the anime mural?
whats the weightloss update? your looking thinner and i remember last year(?) you discussed the health/weight
stoked for what's next
I'm so hyoed for the new series!!! I love natsuki hes so funny and his japanglish and English struggle is hilarious
Hi there Chris. Neat ideea as far as the series goes. Nice vid as usual,the honesty is apreciated. Have a nice day.
Great idea, but goodluck on the daily challenge man, make sure you get enough rest and strength to not burn out. We all love your content, and we will still be here for that one-on-one many creators miss out on.
The new studio is looking awesome! Still got time for a Tokyo catch up in the next week?
I think that one of the most beautiful and underrated moments of abroad in Japan was the beer at the nuclear reactor. It was such an scenic moment and truly spontaneous and wholesome.
Wholesome content is baccc
So proud of what this has become for you. You inspire me and many others alike
Chris! I thought you’re leaving Japan and close this channel after first 3 min of the video! Thanks god this is not the case. Looking forward to your daily episodes, nice treat for Xmas 🎄🎅
exited to see what is comming!!! but be carful of the bears up their, they've been on one lately.
Keep killing it dude!  You fill that little void that Japan has made in my soul.  :)  Great work!
Please visit Hanamaki Higashi Highschool in Iwate . I wanna see the baseball exhibit
I used to struggle BAD while watching this channel and I'm still struggling even more than before.  It was reassuring knowing that there was someone eating the same amount of shit as me and I'm kinda sad now that Chris has upgraded to a better life. I don't wish for anything bad happening to Chris any time soon, in fact  I'M HAPPY FOR HIM but this kinda feels like loosing a friend  (like when you both deal with life and loose contact eventually) if that makes any sense.🤷🏾‍♂️
Does anyone know where 4:32 is? Im guessing its in the Tohoku region but id like an exact location
The thumbnail looked like an apology video, I panicked for a second.
Super excited to see what your favorite region looks like through your wacky lens
Fuck yeah
The challenge idea I sent:  Chris has to use Google translate to translate what he wants to say from English to Japanese and finally back to English before he can speak… for an entire day.
watching your video in Miyagi, 6 must try Japanese dishes, expecting something similar haha maybe elsewhere tho
Non-Stop Daily Challenges in a kei car, congrats you played yourself. At least take a land cruiser!
Love the videos, man. Keep it up!!!
I don't think you need to work with big companies, you're already producing quality content.
CONGRATULATIONS!!! THEY MAKE SNOW TIRES FOR BICYCLES!!! Go grab CDawg and get the live stream warmed up, pop corn has been ordered and will be on standby. Shots every time CDawg falls.
Quality > Quantity
No way, is that the Suzuki spacia gear?
Can't wait to live vicariously through your journey, Chris!!!🤩
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
please never stop uploading Chris! love your videos!!
Looking forward to Non Stop Exciting time!
Oh yeah I am excited!!!!❤
LETS GOOOOOOO! This is going to be truly magnificent
Natsuki's velvety green pants need to be the next merch drop
Why does he look old?
This next JAJ will be like a Christmas present; something that can be enjoyed any time and shared with others. I'm supposed to be visiting Japan for Christmas in 2024 and will be staying through to the new year. Fingers crossed 🤞🏼 that it will happen as my Son is supposed to be treating me. Here's to another spectacular JAJ series. Oh, can we get a Natsuki audio clip to use on our phones? He's funny without trying; he's endearing and and beloved by many.
bro i thought he was gonna go on hiatus or something. excited for whats to come for sure!
Don't forget it's also about taking time to have fun with your friends!😊
Disappointed, why isnt the Thai elephant god part of the guest
This is gonna be great. Can't wait!
This inspired me to fix ump my own house, heh. More power to ya, Chris!
You KNOW we've missed this series when we watched this with no prior idea, heard the sentence "Journey ACross Japan is happening again!" and immediately started clapping with a huge grin thinking "THIS IS IT! KOREDAYO! Arigatou Dr.Jelly!" - I honestly cannot WAIT for the series to begin, have always loved watching and rewatching the previous ones~
Thumbnail pic 😂
I really think we’re taking how much work you put into these videos for garnted. WHERES GARNT DAMMIT TELL ME CHRIS
As a new fan who had finished every video starting from the first journey across Japan and every video at your second channel, it’s like a dream come true to be able to enjoy the daily uploads of journey across Japan ✨✨✨ Can’t wait for your upcoming adventures😎😎😎
Frankly you deserve the success you've found. You're a phenomenal personality, story teller, and video producer. I can't begin to explain how much entertainment and awe your videos have brought me and countless others most certainly. I cannot wait for the new journey across Japan regardless of whether the episodes are nightly, weekly, or whatever. Thank you.
I've watched your channel as I watched my children grow. You kept me entertained on long night studying IT certifications. It's paid off big time, and I now enjoy a fruitful career and time with my 3 children. Thanks for being the companion behind the screen. I've been learning Japanese for about 2 years now and am at an N3 level. Hoping to land a tech job with a bilingual role in the future and do some travel. Thanks brother! I'm so excited for Journey Across Japan, Non-Stop North! 頑張って！
Chris, seriously, you are an inspiration.
SUPER excited for this series! I have to do a road trip next month so I know exactly what videos I'll be binging in my hotel each night when I'm done driving. Love the channel, thank you for all the hard word that you and your team have been doing over the years <3
All the Journeys have been great but that original really hooked me on this channel
The name “non-stop north” had me rolling 😂 but im so down for it. Let gooo🎉🎉  Edit:Hope that car has some good heating.🫠
LETS GOOOOO
Chris has lost weight and is looking very healthy imo.
Now that I finally live in Japan, I really need to go back and rewatch all these videos! They’re perfect for trip ideas! Thank you for all the videos over the years man!
Driving a Kei car in the snow sounds like a nightmare. Only a small step up from a bike, but I wish you luck. I look forward to watching the adventures and inevitable misadventures.
Everyother day upload aren't bad either though 😅
The other day I was at an interview (remote from my room) and I noticed I blended with the wall. It’s a white wall… more outside videos in the sun. You’re blending with my wall too. 🤔
I live in Sendai now, would have liked it a lot if I could have met you before you left for Tokyo.
I think the charm of the original Journey Across Japan (at least for me) was the fact that it was done in bicycle. There is certain feeling of calm and peacefulness that comes from seeing them cycling across Japan, it is somewhat relaxing and makes you feel you also cycling too right there with them. I tried to watch few episodes of the following Journey Across Japan with car but the feeling just not the same. I know that it really exhausting physically and mentally to do that so I understand Chris won't do it again but deep inside I really want to watch them do it in bicycle again, heck even if they use electric bike I even take it.
5 years!? Dang man, has it been that long since the first one!? You've come a long way brother, you've grown so much! I remember I've followed since the beginning, when I was initially researching teaching in Japan in 2012, I came across you and your entertaining life! Ha! Good on you man and I am SO excited for this upcoming series! Cheers mate.
I am excited for Journey Across Japan Non Stop North! Best of luck
i love Ellen
Chris looks young without the beard
So, if you are European, what’s the best Japanese beeru?
WOOOOOOOO LETSGOOOOO
Sounds exciting!!! Looking forward to it! Cant wait to see the shenanigans and much success chris!!!
This is where the fun begins 😊
I want to see Chris and Natsuke eat Sasebo Burgers in Sasebo.  Hakata has ramen, but Sasebo haz chizbaggaz!
Always look forward to a new video of yours!! More would be great but don’t go for quantity over quality, your productions are fantastic!
i love this channel it has been a joy to watch for many years, im so excited to see more
Challenge: Drink only melted snow for the entire trip.
natsuki never fails to put a smile on my face
I've watched your Journey Across Japan series so many times.
The first video of you I saw was you eating Japanese KFC for Christmas, I was never the same.
“Hello, goodnight, fuck off”  😂😂😂
Journey Across Japan was awesome, but don't let people make you think you HAVE to put out more content. Though at the same time I say, good luck in this new journey. Get out there and have fun!
I'm happy to hear that you want to upload daily videos from the next Journey Across Japan series. However, *PLEASE* don't overwork yourself! I value your health and wellbeing over seeing a new video every day.
Excellent - looking forward to it. And glad you’ve got an editing team now (for the sake of your mental health 😉). Giving up control of every last detail is part of growing a business. 👏🏻
Chris, what's the thing that you do or like in your town that you don't ever remember to say on camera?
Help me start a documentary channel about creative and successful revitalization efforts across Japan. The docs have the power to inspire people to get involved on a much larger level and maybe even turn the tide back toward solvency.
*sees diary* "Kimochi warui" *It's empty* "No tomodachi"  Theres always two sides of the coin, this time there's 100% on one side.
love your work chris as always , just got back from japan including sendai and morioka so am very much looking forward to this , kia kaha from new zealand which basically means gambatte , good luck
I am so happy for you and your accomplishments Chris. Also love to see how humble and real with us you are. Now really it's been 5 fricken years since the first 😭 life is flying by. Lastly from a very very long time viewer of nearly a decade of course we would love more content but thank you for everything you put out it shows your passion for making wonderful content if we get more yay if not I'm just happy with what you release and share with us.
tldr anyone
You're a madman. A brilliant madman. But then, that's why we love you.
you sir are an inspiration to all.
Good stuff!
I'm so excited for this! I hope you have a wonderful journey and Merry Christmas to us viewers!
Bro I know you gotta do certain things for the algorithm but please don’t do that ridiculous sad face “next step of the journey” bullshit thumbnail. If it’s not something slightly sad/concerning don’t try to bait people in like that. You have millions of subs , you don’t need to resort to cheap little tricks like that in order to get views. I love you Chris , love your content, but come on man……
is it just me or did he lose a lot of weight?
Can't wait, haven't been this hyped for anything since I was a child!
Hey Chris, will Garnt ever make it on a JAJ video? 😂
I idolize him
So excited🎉
I have just stayed in both Hoshino Resorts Aomoriya and Hoshino Resorts Keiryu Oirase Hotel this year that both of you and Sharla recommended.. my stay on Oirase is very recent last Nov 4 to 6 for autumn. one change I don't like is the outdoor gender mixed hot spring with the waterfall in the middle of the forest you featured with Ryotaro in Oirase, is now a private hot spring since the pandemic, and you have to rent it for 8,000 yen per hour.. initially I asked about it at the reception but the Hoshino Resorts staff don't understand what I was talking about... until she called her supervisor and I showed him your video with Ryotaro swimming on it at silly 5 am in the morning. But at least my room with a private bath made up for it
Looking forward to this! The original Journey across Japan was amazing and while I've always thought southern Japan seems more interesting than the northern part I hope to be proven wrong :)
Damn been here since 30K sub
ナツキはとても貴重
I will be watching it in Japan next week, Looking forward to your adventures. Safe journeys.
Excited for this!
I'm very excited and worried for you.
You're the man, Chris! You are GREAT! Keep grinding!
OMG I’M SO EXCITED! I’m so glad you’re doing this, and still having fun and feeling inspired with your channel! I will watch every episode 😊
Finally Connor on Journey Across Japan!!!
ever since I was around 12 I wanted to go to Tohoku Japan. I worked very hard and was able to get scholarships to finally study in this region of Japan, as an exchange student in Morioka! Its peaceful, beautiful and absolutely worth going! Super excited for your video.
FILM A SHORT MOVIE IN THAT STUDIO USING ALL THE DIFFERENT ROOMS
Was in Kyoto just recently. Would have been crazy to just run into you.
Natsuki is my spirit animal
So amazing!! I have enjoyed the entire journey across Japan Series, but the original one really was so special. I rewatch it at least once a year. Thank you for continuing to high light the beauty of Japan.
21 days of new videos?!  Can't wait!
The studio is amazing!!!
Excellent, I'm exciited. Despite finding you years and years ago, I never got the chance to watch the first Journey Across Japan, so this will be a great thing to see. Good luck!
I am so excited for more content! I love watching this channel's contents and I'm always checking to see if a new video is up. There is also going to be an amazing crew again this time.   Also, as someone who has been watching for a long time, I'm glad you have a small army of editors so that you dont need to carry all that weight on your shoulders
YES!🎉
YESS I'm so excited!!
It's amazing how Natsuki and Chris' friendship all started when a definitely not drunk Natsuki talked to Chris that one time in the past.
Come visit me in Aomori! XD We have a museum for Daizai Osamu! XD Thanks to you I am living my best life Chris! Super stoked to see this next chapter!
I'm so excited. I've watched your first Journey Across Japan during Covid while being self-isolated in my apartment. Obviously, there was not much to do, so watching your video in the evening was the pinnacle of pretty much any of my days in those two weeks. I'm psyched to watch yet another season plus with everyday uploads! And for holidays! What can be better?
Kyoto is paradise lost.  I'd much rather tour the back woods of Japan exploring old temples and shrines by foot.  This is a real business opportunity for the Japanese people if they'd like to promote this sort of thing.
Hell yeah! Can’t wait!
love u
Looking forward to your trip……..
I LOVE your place!! It's so vibrant and fun!!!1   Thank you for your hard work on these videos. You and Natsuke are great!
The original journey across Japan was some of the most fun YouTube content there is, so I'm super excited!
I would pay big bucks to see a Downtown style video with Chris and Natsuki.
What a great project, I can't wait to watch it!!!
natski soo cooolll
and he moved away from Tohoku and now doing a JAJ back in Tohoku lol Good luck team of editors...lets see whether Chris lets go properly!
Walk(or bike) up Oirase Gorge to Lake Towada and/or drive it and go up to the top of the crater rim because the view is spectacular. Check out Hasshoku Center and cook your own food or enjoy the freshest fish in Japan. Drive the road from Noheji to Hiranai and try the hotote. Drive up into the hammer and visit Lake Usoriyama one of the traditional entry to the Japanese underworld. Go up to Oma and get some maguro. Visit the Meoto Kappa-no-Yu onsen.
Hey there Chris, I don't really leave much of comment around but as I watch this video of yours, a sort of epiphany dawn on me. It's really has been this kinda of relentless pursuit that we faced in life that kept us going. It has been great to see your achievement thus far and it has inspired me in one way or another.   Cheers to more journey across japan, really enjoyed the excellent content you make! an avid follower since about 8 years ago
This is so exciting! I love the Journey Across Japan series. If Joey is coming along you know you gotta do another Dr Jelly commercial 😁
looks like you're gonna show me and my siblings more places to go for the planned trip in 2025 😁 Thanks Chris 😊
Good luck Chris, I hope your goal is achieved without any big problems. Hahaha.
Stoked
I no longer watched your channel regularly for a while (partly because I gained new interests besides YouTube) but this will bring me back. So excited. You are certainly among my favorite channels Chris! The OG Journey Across Japan is unmatched!!!
Wait the minute, when did Pe fall to the 3rd best American friends 😂
CONNOR'S FINALLY GOING IN JAJ🎉
I look forward to your go-through of Akita Prefecture! Absolutely lovely place with plenty to see!
Natsuki getting older and getting more handsome by the day !! such a great friend you have, may your journey come with a blessing and lot of fun !!
Fuck me that was 5 years ago?! WTF
Chris, its great to celebrate your success mate! Your videos have definitely promoted my love for Japanese culture and have given me a blueprint for connecting with japanese culture in a respectful way as a foreigner. <3 Thank you for your content!
im a little bit jealous but also lots of respect to you sir. I enjoy your content for many years now, my main acc got banned sadly, after i got hacked, i think i followed there years before i followed with this acc. in other words, for a long time i enjoyed this content and could always find something interesting in it. Im thankful for this entertainment and the great information about japan i could get from this yt-chanel. Also i like the humor, id be pleased if this channel can keep going or may be even improve, but tbh even so improving might be impossible, mr. broad always managed to pull it off exceed my expectations, cheers for that and good luck. May the fun and success with this channel keep on for many more years mr. broad.
Didn't Pete use to be his best American friend? Now he's the *3rd* best. Who got 1st and 2nd place?😂
Are you getting married?
Sounds exciting I can't wait.
That's a good idea. just add to what what works. You don't want to mess with success. People are funny you never know what they will like.. just like a song worked on for 2 years it's great you put your heart into then a song pops into your head over the weekend and the week end one becomes a hit. You just never know
🎉🎉
Can't wait to hop in the car (virtually) with you on your journey! Looking forward to all the shenanigans and beautiful Japan in the Winter. If I recall it does get bitterly cold so kudos to you and your guests on braving the weather!
Is it pronounced natski or natsuki?
This is the best news I could have hoped for on your channel Chris. Thank you from all the true fans.
The best Air B&B in Tokyo
Cannot wait for the videos, love your work 😊
Vlogmas: Journey Across Japan Edition!🎄
chris! If you see this please lnow its so cool too see Natsuki on your channel and socials. After following you for a few years its so nice to see him so often these days!!❤
Yayyyy🎉 next JAJ series
chris is so cool
Chris you spoil us
I'm excited and looking forward to the newest Journey Across Japan!
Whoa! Are you gonna visit Tochigi!?
Really wonderful news Chris. My wife is from Hachinohe and having been through Tohoku and travelled it extensively I find it a little bit upsetting that so few people that visit Japan make the time to go.  Tokyo, Kansai, Hiroshima, Kanazawa etc are all very lovely but I feel there is real soul and character, not to mention incredible natural beauty and wonderful people, that tourists are missing out on by not going up north to Tohoku.  Thank you to you and Ryotoro in particular for highlighting the region.
Good luck!
The first day of spring travels from south to north at walking speed.
I’ll make a jour way across Japan advent calendar
Ive been watching you for longer than i remember. I want to thank you for all the times you have brightened my day. After reading your book i also wish to thank you for letting me live my dreams through you and your videos and what you have accomplished since for personal reasons i can never do. Thank you.
amogus graffiti background  amogus graffiti background
Nonstop North December
Damn I can't wait for the videos! They're gonna be so good I bet!
So glad to see its something good. The preview tile makes you look on the edge of tears. Thought this was gonna be bad news for sure. Dick... haha
I love Journey Across Japan and so happy you're bringing another one to the series.
Hello there! :D
4:09 "some of the nicest people" I sure am not going to disagree with that!
Looking forward to this adventure, Chris, and excited to see the fun challenges presented every day! Gotta say though I really love seeing the friendship and fun you and Natsuki have, its like a real brotherhood and I hope you cherish that friendship forever!
I first discovered the channel because of Journey Across Japan. It really was an adventure
A Journey Across Japan Advent calendar!
Imagine a section "eat your guts" where you can choose to have all the luxuries (nice hotel, recreations, guided trips, etc) but have to fast all day long (only water?) or eating a normal combini meal  (if you do luxury meals everybody is going to do that, and that would ruin the purpose) and just pass by to the next place. they can give up at any point, but the really spicy stuff (the expensive) would be after noon (no lunch) or at dusk (no dinner) to have some steaks. chris (and the ones that decided to just eat from the get go) would of course be torturing the others by eating from combini meals, to normal restaurant, to a luxury meal, while the starving crowd would be doing the fun activities and the eating team stares from far away.   TLDR; a game with 2 possible outcomes per meal, rising stakes at each meal chance, and the chance to lose your chance to do or eat something amazing for surrendering to temptation. "Do or eat" would also be an alternative name.  Don't know if i was able to transmit the idea, because the more i thinked about it, it becomes more convoluted and starts to sound not as good as i thouth. thanks anyway for reading it.
So pumped to see this! The excitement levels for the og JAJ was so high, now we get 21 MORE VIDEOS! And "daily uploads" too! *wink wink*
Q&A question: how do you feel about things like family with them so far away? I want to live overseas but I feel like if my parents died when I havnt seen them in like 1 or 2 years I would have a guilt eating at me.
It is time to get *ANAMORPHIC LENS* for your camera setup
Words cannot describe how unbelievably hype I am for this series!, the original Journey Across Japan was amazing to binge through but I think I'll find new enjoyment in keeping up with these videos as they come out!
The original series is such a nostalgic thing for me - that late 2018 aura is something quite dear to me despite its negative connotations. Waiting for each episode, wondering when the next ones would come out - it was just such a good time, man, I loved it. Really enjoyed it at the time, and am super excited for this new series.
Pete was second best how the hell did he drop to third. I wonder if that RV trip did a number on him.
LETS FUCKING GO
This sounds amazing mate and I'm excited to see the area, I've always loved how the smaller places look in Japan and will make it there one day 😁👍
Godspeed yall!
the best series in youtube is about to be back!!! cant wait
Tohoku is awesome. I had a great time at Matsushima, Yamadera, been to a hanami festival in Hirosaki (was a bit weird seeing the exact same places in Flying Witch later), and generally really like the area and probably if I had to pick a city to live in besides Kyoto it'd be Sendai. Looking forward to your new adventure. Don't die!
EYYYY premieres on my birthday! LETSSSSSS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Sounds like fun. Go have a good time. Thanks for bringing us along.
Monke! PremiereTwo!
I am so unbelievably excited for this journey! The Tohoku region has always been the place I've wanted to visit ever since college back about 20 years ago. Kakunodate and the old samurai quarter was specifically where I wanted to visit. I would be over the moon if y'all ended up visiting there at some point!
i was so dejected when those daily videos didnt happen and you went mia on that bike trip i kinda stopped watching the channel, cant believe that its been 5 years.  interesting what you said about when you grow as a channel you get further away from the viewer, very nice way to sum up what is probably a pretty complex thing possibly more to do with many content creators being perfectionists and the pressure of expectation and less to do with the actual audience number increasing.  anyways looking forward to this bike trip hope thats not a bad omen lol.
I was afraid you were going to move and stop the channel! Even you make videos about anything wherever you are, please don't stop! You're great!!!
Getting that december ad revenue
Didn't have to steal the camrecorder from my grandfather. He would hand it to me and tell me work your magic girl .
Honesty, I don't mind the sporadic release of the videos. Each video is very well made, and very entertaining. I don't think there is pressure from your audience ( in my opinion) to release videos more often. I really appreciate what you have been doing !
The editing team omg that picture made me cry in both laughter and pain for them!
6:30 The quality videos is making up for the quantity.
The additions to the set are really great! You could have filmed a number of scenes from the original Blade Runner in there.
I can't wait to skip the segments featuring Pete.
I would love to have just my home look like that cool looking setup you got going there omg .
Sounds amazing, can't wait to watch this. 7 of japans finest citizens on 1 series  Natsuke is spending too much time with you, that's legit how we answer a phone in britain.
ready and waiting
I love how this is going to be a great movie with Chris and friends
Hard to believe it’s been 5 years since the original Journey Across Japan. Seems like only yesterday
Appreciate your blessing that God has given you.
LET GO AOMORI KEN!!!!! I miss that place sooooooooo much! best apples ever.
The original Journey Across Japan was the spark that really ignited my interest in Japan. I’ve seen Japanese media and eccentric videos about Japan before, but that series showed me Japan in a whole new light. Because of that I’ve looked much more into daily life of Japan, and it’s a major reason that I visited and will move too soon. I feel that that series captured something about the real Japan that I haven’t seen in any other series. So, thank you Chris!
I was a JET in Furukawa-shi about 25 years ago. You must visit Naruko Onsen in Miyagi-ken and feature their kokeshi dolls... the carved wooden dolls who represent dead babies and "scream" when you spin their heads! Awesome!!
Can not f$&@ing wait!!!! Just finished your book and am in need of more!
Can’t wait to kick off the end of the year with Journey Across Japan
Good luck Chris, so pumped to see more of north Japan cause I love it aswell. We all believe in you!!!
I thought it was going to be a sad announcement,i am happy its not.
One whacky challenge i can think of is that you recruit some poeple in the north and make it one minute movie each place with chris almost getting killed but remains Victorious in the end defeating every guest that comes in his way and complie all of it i hope this gets some attraction
Mr.Affable, you are such an inspiration. No wonder everyone love you so much ❤
i remember when i found your youtube channel. you in your room and your neigbor the hawk.  then i thought you were quiting the channel after months of no new videos. glad i  waited. I get see Japan through the eyes of a sarcastic and sometimes depressed british man.
4 or all wheel drive essential IF you actually get snow .. notice the posts with the arrows about 7 or 8meters in the air = expected snow depth (these mark the edge of the road) ..
Looking forward to this.
You should see how many strong zeros you could drink while hiking 😅
No.  Making promises is a sin in the Bible.
Hype!!!
Will you be releasing a version of the movie poster for purchase? Please...
Please please visit a koi farm up north
Best Christmas gift one could ask for, another JAJ! Sounds intense and exciting! Thanks for all you do!
I was about to wish you and Natsuki-san a Happy Thanksgiving but then I remembered that you guys probably don't celebrate it. I'll wish you a great week anyway though! Looking forward to watching your further adventures! Safe travels! ^_^
Natsuki can be Miyagi... for Karate Kid remake.. :P
Are buskers a thing in Japan? If so, my challenge is for you to earn 50,000 Yen busking on an instrument of your choice. No, my choice. An Ukulele. Duets permissible.
This is gonna be awesome, I'm sure we're gonna love the videos :)
man i fucking love seeing Natsuki ! i wish that guy nothing but wealth & health!!
I'm pumped for this new series!!!!!!!!! Chris you're hands down one of my favorite YouTube creators!!!
Desember first. Noted!
Im a fan from roughly 2020 but you should include ludwig or jschatt clips if you have them just to see if any of their audience like your content
I start my manager training when you start the new Journey. Thank you Chris for showing the beauty of Japan to us. Closing in on my goals and then I can save money to visit Japan finally.
i cannot wait for the series!~
I am beyond excited for this new series Chris. thank you.
Damnit Chris I thought you were moving to Leeds or something. New show sounds... daunting,  Good luck!
This is so exciting!  I can't wait to see it. I loved my first trip to Japan and now look forward to seeing new areas to explore.
Been with you since the early days.  Your Youtube journey has been nothing short of amazing!  You're a great guy, you deserve it!
im excited ... glade you found some editors
Chris, can you recommend more underated prefectures and location of Japan to visit? I really wanna plan a nice trip to see Japan, and not just the tourist traps, but the countryside and such
The 1st Journey Across Japan was how I stumbled upon your channel. I'm really hyped.
Look. PewDiePie's content went from saying the N word on a bridge to having twins Which is to say, the sincerity of your content is more is more important than the subject of your content
Okay, gotta feeling he's gonna die inside again. lol
Exciting! Very hyped 😊
Love to see more of Tohoku region as it's less travelled compared to the other prefectures, as I believe a few years ago the JR company was also having a campaign of encouraging folks to travel up.   We cannot wait to see the new season of JAJ!
Holy sht here we go
looking good chris!
Can’t wait to hear you talk about it on trash taste  Our favorite guest Mr Affable
Challenge 1: Eat vegan for a day, but you have 5000 yen maximum between you and your guest. Challenge 2: Convince Joey to kiss the back of your hand like an anime protagonist in the middle of a restaurant, and use the most formal Japanese you know to do it (it has to be loud enough for the table next to you to hear)
Sounds awesome can't wait for the series.
can't wait for the new Journey Across Japan!  I've been to the country twice now and few things get more more excited about going again than your videos exploring places I haven't seen!
Superb I had grand plans of a Christmas film a day now I get something even more entertaining a daily dose of you and your entertaining chums travelling through a part of Japan I quite fancy visiting one day. Loven the content matey look forward to it.
Not cycling and not having to esit yourself hopefully will be big helps to getting daily uploads.
Finally a new upload and its an update about not uploading.  Can't wait to see what kind of madness yall get into. Cheers
I personally am not a fan of "daily uploads" as it were. I mean in these instances, its whatever. It's part of the challenge, but I think more intermittent content is better and less stressful to me as a viewer, and hopefully you as an artist. It makes the videos more special to me in a way.
I'm done as I've interviewed Ken, Ken Watanabe!  Later chaps!
Seem's self explanatory but the biggest factor as to why most of japan is seldom explored comes down to accessibility. A lack of media exposure plays a small role in that sure but the root problem is the same with any major city. Which is why in part so many are leaving their rural towns to seek opportunity. coming in as a foreigner (from the perspective of english native) the trappings of convience will keep most locked to Tokyo. No matter how much of the language we study prior to landing.
Always love your YT channel
Why does Natsuki look like a dad in this? Seriously, he is like a groovy father come to check out his son's new flat 😂😂
SO EXCITED for the next Journey Across Japan!! We have 3 generations in my fam here in Aus who simply love it! (Nan included). Good onya for letting a team help you with the editting, I find it amazingly hard handing over creative work, our minds thinking "Of course we can do all this by ourselves within an unrealistic deadline".   Since you've created so many amazing videos, it wouldn't be hard for your team to study and work out your feels. Truzza. We really hope you won't get burnt out anymore.  Challenge suggestion: Sing for your food. This can be done as a competition on who gets a better feed or as a team effort. Set up a small portable kareoke on a street in the city centre/(hopefully with pedestrian traffic) and see how much you can earn for dinner... People may pay to see the rare opportunity of foreigners preforming live (like a circus) or contribute out of sheer pity (may not need any singing skills!) or avoid you altogether. More money= better dinner, less money = trip to 7-11. Natsuki would be awesome at this! Sorry if this suggestion sucks, Yes this would be cold and highly embarrassing. Might need to look up street performing licenses 🤣
I think your mad in the best way. good luck and may the gods watch over you. o7
6:33 I'd rather have less content, but more quality! Please don't burn yourself out!
The less traveled areas of Japan are beautiful. When my son moved like 7 years ago to teach he was placed in Nakadomari in Aomori prefecture. One of the most out of the way but beautiful areas. Enjoy! Can't wait for the vids!!!!
As a YT veteran, the title has so many meaning: a new series or a new channel or a new career
I love you both so very much
You are the best brotha! Keep at it!!
The best part here is seeing two best friends enjoying each other's company.
Crazy that I started watching your videos a few years ago in college because I was taking a Japanese language class and was mildly curious about the country itself, and now I'll be watching this new series while living in Japan. Can't wait to see how this goes!
Natsuki rules. When the camera is off, he's the same guy, right? I bet you never get bored.  He sems like a good drinking buddy.
Chris, I love all your clips! Esp those on the lesser visited areas in Japan. Please continue in your passion on creating the videos you want to present. Of cos, love your friends…Natsuki…Connor …. Ryotaro 😅
I'm not sure how I feel about the editing being taken over by other people. I've seen it happen for other channels when they get big and it just isn't the same. Especially if the editing is a big part of the reason for the popularity, which I think is the case with this channel.  I hope I'm wrong. I mean I'm sure I'll still like it in any case, it might just not be as good.
Starts december 1?! Happy birthday to meeeeeee
Yes! super hyped
Your videos are what brought me to trash taste, I absoluty love the content and thank you for the awesome journy! Cannot wait for the next chaper!! <3
Well @abroadinjapan, i am grateful ,we are, but terrified with the daily vlogs, this is difficult, grateful because we will be getting a5 wagyu like content, but terrified due to the difficulty of the task.. we can only hope for the best, the inky promise we can make is to enjoy each videos like we are travelling with you and your friends in japan.. thank you!!!
Look forward to seeing the Domon Ken museum in Sakata if you have time and look photography
Is Natski funnier when he speaks Japanese? His timing is beter
Chris this is so awesome. I love your videos and have been a huge supporter since 2016. I wish you and the team the best and I can’t wait for the next Journey Across Japan series (two in one year is incredible btw)
Thank you for the voyages japan... my mom passed away and she was from nagasaki.  Thank you some of the furniture looks so familiar
Following you for over 5-6 years now and I have to say that it's always a pleasure watching your videos.
You are on of my favorites. Looking forward to the new adventures.
you def need a suzuki jimny
this is gonna be epic
Poor Garnt will never join a Journey across japan at this rate lmao
Looking good can't wait
Discovered this channel early on in the original journey, and I remember every day I felt like a kid getting up for Sunday cartoons. Really excited to see how this one goes!!
Can't wait, always love everything Chris puts out especially Journey Across Japan
I can't believe Journey Across Japan was 5 years ago. I remember watching it during one of the best times of my life, as if that's 5 years ago ffs.  I'm riding across Europe next summer. Your efforts will be a lot better than mine.
Two things I love, Japan and Snow (I guess this channel is maybe a third)... I'm so excited for this!!!!
I'M SO EXCITED! Truly nothing compares to the rawness and realness of the first Journey Across Japan; I've always longed for you to return to something more similar to that. This will help me get through tough times, too, just as the first one did. I can't wait!!
natsuki looks so wise with his current look
Natsuki's english keeps getting better and better everytime he's on your vid
My heart is filled with warmth with the new hair salon in honour of ur friend
SUPER STOKED FOR THIS! I love pretty much everything you make and I'm genuinely so excited to enjoy all the chaos!
OMG this is going to be great fun.😅😊😂
I was there for the original series.. The more you struggled the more we had fun 😂😂😂.. Sorry Chris
Awesome as always
I could see you guys are getting old (and wiser, maybe)
WOOHOOOO!!!! Excited & looking forward to the adventure 😊
Looking forward to this more than any movie that came out this year. Can’t wait!
So excited for this series
Build a snowmen  competition
its my favorite region so i'm glad you are doing this
Really thought the title meant something bad!!! Glad it's the opposite. Woohooo
It would also have been cool to be limited to regional trains/busses^^
Been here since the beginning. and this feels like another beginning. To many more.
This is AMAZING
Looking forward to seeing another part of Japan!  (And by the time you get back from the journey, you should have over 3 million subscribers!!)
Honestly super hyped for the new series. From videos and other media I’ve come to internalize northern Japan and Hokkaido as the places I’d most like to visit. There’s something about the mountains that just calls to me. Anyways cheers Chris!
A shame it won't be by bike 😢
Hi Chris I hope you and the team get time to visit us in Appi-Kogan as the ski season should be starting then although we're still  waiting for the snow to fall at the moment.  Challenge Dr Jelly to do a rap about Snow Clearing in Japan, as we know that's where he started...
Need the Abroad in Japan Workout plan, Chris is lookin' amazing!
Always wanted to plan a Tohoku trip, looking forward to you recommendations!
I'm excited for the next JAJ! Also i love the 70s living room  Your channel gave me alot of push to explore Tohoku for a near future trip to Japan  Also, idk if you care for Weezer but the shot of you & Natsuki near the end looked like the lead singer's Japanese pop album "Scott & Rivers"
8:20
no taken for garnted =(
Dude my wife and I did Dailey videos for a year and a half and it is such a weight on your shoulders it’s wild. I was so happy to stop but it is awesome to be able to go back and see where we were 10 years ago
YEAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOYYYYYYYYSSSSS!!!!!!! cant wait..  hahahahahahaha
<3
The thumbnail looks like you quit or something, LOL
this is a new level, subarashi.👍
started watching 5 years ago during that series, been waiting for you to change your mind back to doing it again.  It's a bit different this time but I'm happy to see a less glamorous series again.  Thanks Chris!
I think the turning point when you start to make videos with Ryotaro, after starting to think, what’s next, while you still weren’t sure what’s next. Which was difficult but necessary. Good luck!
I'm super excited for this next journey. It already feels like an amazing journey so far, ever since I've found your channel years ago. I remember the excitement and anticipation of when the new video is coming out throughout all your journeys. When I first found your channel, watched the first video...I was hooked. The excitement of finding new things in Japan to explore, your sarcastic humor, a little history lesson on each new location, and all the various shenanigans was what made your channel so unique and addictive. I literally binged watched all your videos the very weekend that I watched my first video on your channel. To this day, I still sometimes find myself rewatching your old videos or just having it play in the background as I do something else on my computer because it feels so familiar, nostalgic, and comforting. I will look forward to all your future journeys across Japan or where ever it might be.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO 🎉🎉🎉
I feel like Pete keeps getting knocked down the list of "Best American Friend"... poor guy...
After that little fib you told Ken Watanabe...he's keeping an eye on you. haha
Merry Christmas to us!  Im excited for December now. Brilliant 70s style studio too.
The reason why tourists don't go north is because the japanese up north don't speak english, don't even think of having tourists learn the japanese language just for the 2-4 weeks vacation. It's totally unreasonable for you to have tourists learn japanese. I mean the foreigners who stay long term in japan should learn the japanese language.  The bottom line is that North japanese folks don't know how to treat foreigners, and tokyo knows how to treat foreign tourists.  Chris maybe you should change northern japan to influence them to be more foreign friendly so the tourists can go there and spend money, instead of trying to influence us. I'm just saying if let's say I go to Tohoku and I have a miserable time due to language barrier and the locals treating me very poorly I may end up very annoyed at you for not revealing the truth.
I would legit pay money to visit Chris's appartment
Loved your channel since 2015. ❤️ congratulations you have a gay following!🎉
I’ve been watching since the very beginning and I just have to say that my favourite thing has always been you and Natsuki’s friendship - I’m so glad it’s still such a feature of this channel :)
I don’t think you’ve ever felt far away from the audience and community. You’re always honest and transparent with us.
I cannot wait!
Looking forward to this one!
Hi Chris, can't wait to see your Journey across Japan in Tohoku. I have never travelled to the northern parts of Japan (always staying around Tokyo), but your videos really encourage me to visit the northern prefectures on my next trip!
I'm excited
honestly why bring joey... he is known for striking various channels down during the growth of career. Ill never understand why people fucking do sht with that clown
Thank you!
for the car my personal favourite to watch would be the honda s660
You should do the car camping in the north if you have some nights to spend….❤
How very Japanese for you to do a video every day in December & not acknowledge Vlogmas! 😂❤ I'm super happy you have decided to do an add-on series and the wisdom to have an editing team! I dont watch a lot of TV but I never miss when you & Sharla post anything! Best wishes in the coming series and in the coming year! 😉 Heather xo
One of my favourite channels, looking forward to your new trip 👍
I love the color correction if there is any. What LUT do you use?
Honestly can't wait! I missed Journey Across Japan!
Tired of snow & cold weather... Can you do "journey across Japan NON-STOP SOUTH"???
Cant wait!
American pete got demoted
Love all the great content you have made over the years. Keep up the great content and always stay affable
Love and respect to Chris and team - still the best channel on YouTube! xxoo :)
Woohoo! I'm excited for the Tohoku deep dive. Thanks for braving the snow on our behalf. It's a difficult place for me to personally travel because of the infrequent public transit and waiting for trains in the middle of the nowhere is a mind numbing experience. But I have no doubt there's a lot of charm there!
good luck
I am so excited about this!
I am looking forward to telling your Gran your exploits!
You go grab that YT December CPM! Looking forward to it.
Unfortunately no taken for Garnted this time around. Maybe next time
Hey mr abroad, I just wanna say that I found your channel earlier this year due to the Monke and your definitely one of my favourites Japan youtubers and it’s so awesome what you’ve done ( bought the book and I’ve yet to finish it, but a great read so far !). Look forward to following this crazy journey you wanna do for December!!!!
Looking forward to watch . 😊❤
japan needs to acknowledge natsuki as a national treature
1 max 2 videos per month is cool with me
Having lived in Tohoku myself for several years (primarily in Tendō), I'm so excited about this and really looking forward to it! 🎉
starting off on my birthday, sick! can't wait man
What about "Taking for Granted"?
Don’t leave us😢
I would've loved to see Felix go with you, but I guess paternity makes it impossible 😢
In my years following this channel the quality of content has just skyrocketed. You should be proud!
I've been watching your channel on and off for 4 or 5 years or so, the new series looks great! Also reminds me that although I've lived in China for 10 years my wife is a Japanese major and still hasn't visited, really need to fix that.
chris you are looking really well
"I have an editing team"  Mudan strikes again doesn't he
Went to japan this year with my gf, and Sendai was an absolute blast, we both love it there, its great city eve though the best ramen i ate was in nagasaki.
I've been subscribed for about 1.5 years or so, and I'm excited to see your new journey. I've started making a list of videos that will inspire my trip to Japan that will happen within 2 years. I hope I can bookmark some of your future videos to visit myself.
Currently in the process of planning a trip to Tokyo in March, really wanna see what Japan has to offer but only have 7 days there. Will most likely hang around Tokyo tho, been wanting to travel for awhile now and Japan was the first place I wanted to go to.
ROTLFMAO for the Editing Team
YESSSS!! FINALLY!! I LOVE TOHOKU SO MUCH and think the same thing!! Kyoto and stuff are sooo overcrowded and Tohoku deserves more love! I'm actually planning to move to Iwate next spring. I actually recommend the place, it's called Hirono, very wonderful view of the ocean and mountains, extremely picturesque view. And very close to Aomori prefecture! But you've probably already planned a route. Looking forward to it so much and hope more people fall in love with Tohoku as well!
Hell yeah Chris! Can't wait
Seems like a fun project, looking forward to the videos
2 mins in, first of all, your videos/creations have been entertaining to watch through out the years. thank you Chris. Second, whatever your future ventures are, I hope you enjoy doing them and share it to us internet plebs :D
To be honest I could understand people's concern, but this is probably the best thing to see from a creator. Pushing themselves. Too many times you see YouTubers try something hard (but worth doing) burn out, then quit. The quitting part just shows the audience that not only did they not learn anything, they didn't grow as a person. This is not that. You have kept going, kept creating, and have shown people a part of Japan that you can't find anywhere else. Good luck for the next series :)
Its been an amazing journey. I dont know anyone who I've watched as religiously, astagfirullah, and i cant wait for December
Chris this recent workout and health trend you've been on has you in a proper "Hugh Grant phase". Either that or is the camera angle, keep it up pal.
I always love when Natsuki shows up! ❤😎😎😎
Is that a Suzuki Hustler? (The car)
Can’t wait for the new Journey across Japan to start 🤩 thanks for all the great videos 🙌❤️🍻
I'm going to happy cry. Misawa in Aomori Prefecture was my home for 3 years and I desperately miss it. We'd go to Hachinohe and Towada regularly with a few trips to Aomori city.
Looking forward to this project!!!!
My excitement for a new JAJ is hard to put into words. To quote a great man ' so fucking sunshine'.
Chris, good luck with your Journey Across Japan :D
As someone who bought a ticket to Japan for a month drunk at a friends birthday party you have really inspired me to go and do what I want to do and I can’t wait to see what you’ve seen these last few years in my eyes now
You are amazing, Chris! I'm so excited to follow along the next adventure! Hope to meet you someday!
So excited for this! I didn't mind how the original one went because the quality was worth the wait, always. But I am very excited to get content everyday so good luck and have fun! I know we all will watching your new videos everyday 👍
Actually so cute how Chris and natsuki are talking in both English and Japanese to each other
You have the coolest house in the world man!
xD I’m a bit excited to hear what is the abroad in japans unofficial theme, also the JAP on a skateboard would’ve been pretty wild
Brilliant! Looking forward to this big time.
Seeing Natsuki’s reaction made me very emotional as he has achieved his dreams alongside you 🥹
The best videos I always think about is those OG Journey Across Japan ones! Looking forward to this!
you should get into voice acting. it would be seriously cool to hear you in tv shows
Have a snowman building contest and use various articles of clothing or decor from the local town during the build. Either each person build their own of maybe 3 teams of 2 people each.
So excited to see this new adventure!
Oh my, this is gonna be a really nice December treat~
Please be safe and carefull love your content ❤
I’ll be back in Tsugaru, Aomori in mid december. Maybe i’ll see you at some point during your adventures!
So cool!!
WOOHOO! TOHOKU REPRESENT~ it really does not get enough hype. I don’t understand why people want to stick to the overly crowded places when they can easily see the same thing (and better food) in Tohoku
Progress man!
My challange Have a regular day, and only pay with card, no cash I know japan love cash
Chris is bestest! Keep up the funny!
I admit, the idea of you cycling through thick snow would have been irresistibly entertaining.
Can't wait!!! it will be great!!!
GL Chris, I bet this new series is gonna be a banger!
Love your work, Chris! My family & I finally visited Japan this year thanks to your vids and it was honestly the best vacation in my life! Osaka was the highlight of the trip for me. We tried to get to the Takoyaki stand that you & Pete visited but it was buried in an absolute sea of humanity along with most of Dotonbori. Definitely planning to come back and visit Tohoku next time. Looking forward to your next journey! Cheers!    (PS: You were right about the Strong Zero. That stuff is no joke.)
how about making a video on living in a rural japan for some period of time. i think it would be great for the audience  to capture the rural side of japan other than the famous and busy city life.
Man I'm super stoked for the next Journey Across Japan. Can't wait to see more of the Tohoku region. And also I love the studio design. Best of luck to you Chris and friends!
Take care of yourself dude, and everybody else in the comments section too.
Love the new studio good luck with the trip
So excited !
You are a real adventure since traveling Tohoku area in winter!❄️ Most people just go to Tokyo, Osaka, Kyoto, Hiroshima, and maybe Fukuoka. But yes, Tohoku is like Japan you have never seen.  Even Showa Emperor said, ‘Are we still in Japan?’ when he visited the north end of Tohoku.😂
Great idea Chris! Can't wait to watch it all 😊
Can't wait for non stop north. Hope you have a great journey. Ganbatte ne.
I thank you for the many years of your content ❤
Thought this was the "Taken for Garnted" series.😂
I think a lot of people would be interested in seeing another Dr. Jelly advertisement when joey joins you for part of the journey.
Thank you, Thank you and Thank you
Chris letting other people edit his videos while he suffers. A novel idea. Finally.
Fuuuuuuck it’s been 5 years? It doesn’t feel like it’s been that long
I'm looking forward to seeing a new Journey Across Japan series. 🎉🎉
I just realised I’ve been watching for 10 years! Man it’s been such a great time and I am incredibly thankful for this channel and all you’ve done. Keep it up man, you’re an inspiration.
lol at the shoryuken
Fuck yeah.
I've seen all of your videos and I can really see how much this channel has improved. I've always loved your content because it's not only informative but also fun and entertaining to watch. You're one of the creators that I admire the most and I am always excited whenever there is a new video from this channel. Rooting for you Chris and your channel.
I loved the original series! Very raw lol. But both your mental/physical health should come first. Anyways, love the series' you are doing and can't wait tonsee more!
Exciting 😁
I absolutely LOVE this studio! It's like a mini art installation and museum for japanese culture at the same time~ 😁
I was kind of worried clicking on this video Chris. The more I watched I became more happy though. I love your plans.
Chris, you probably wont ever see this as i know your channel is huge now and i never really commented on your videos (some silent guardian batman style watcher) but i just want to say i have watched you since you first started making videos. The awkward video in your first apartment... god damn you have our good old British humour and i love that (being British myself). Its been so nice to see you grow and evolve over the years and seeing Natsuki evolve too, your not too much older than me (poor old 150 year old Risottoro) and i am so inspired by your confidence to just hit the jet program and see what happens. Look at you now mate, you should be so proud, i know i am proud of you and i always wish to be as confident as you. I cant wait for this new series you are fucking fantastic mate. I would love to get over there and have a beer or 15 with you mate! Legend! One day i will get over there and eat some A5 wagyu beef..... one day and hopefully meet cheeky mister satto himself! keep on keeping on bro! You deserve all the praise, views and money you get mate! That studio is a far cry from that small apartment you had with the mattress on the floor and it looks so damn cool! I'm sure you once said you was from Cambridge area, if so i am not too far from there myself. Lovely area..... just lots of bikes.... very fitting for your original journey across Japan.
Amazing idea! I'm really looking forward to the roadtrip! And coming back from an impromptu Tokyo to Aomori Roadtrip myself: you're in for a treat! The region is so stunning and the mountains otherworldly beautiful!☺️☺️ You're car is going to struggle tho. Oh how it's going to struggle!
The original journey across Japan was what brought me and my family to our now regular holiday spot. Looking forward to your new project Chris
i cant believe ive been watching your videos for 5 years lol still great stuff
Let me know if you stop thru misawa/hachinoe/aomori. I'd love to meet you guys but obviously you all will be busy. But at least I can thank you for all the content over the years.
Im so hyped
You know because of your channel  I learned a lot about Japan and appreciate it so much more. And especially the less known parts.
You’re at the point Chris where fun should be a priority. So is content. However, make sure your mental, emotional, and physical health is THE TOP priority. We would rather have you healthy than pushing out too much content. With that said I’m very excited for this! I kinda thought this video was going to be a “Goodbye YouTube”, but I was pleasantly surprised. You probably won’t see this, but thank  you for everything all these years. I can say without a doubt you have the best content on YouTube. I’ve enjoyed your videos for as long as I can remember. Thank you.
AWESOME!  I was in Japan for the first time this year, mostly in Tokyo. Now I LOVE Tokyo, but I sure wanna visit some more unknown places. Touhoku seems to have some sweet spots. I already had an eye for Aomori.  Kyoto? 観光客が多過ぎたよ。
Well done Chris
Yaaay!🎉 It releases the day before my birthday. I loved the first one regardless of the sporadic release. Looking forward to the mammoth project
idk what's more exciting. that he expanded his kick ass set, or another Journey Across Japan.
Honestly, i love your content. I'd love to see more of you going around different cities/towns, seeing the food, hotels, bars/restaurants etc. But thats just what i want. I'll still watch whatever you put out. You do you, thats the reason we watch you.
How did you age that much?
Looking more like Elon Musk every day
I live in Yamagata, very excited to see this beautiful area captured on camera in your unique style! Good luck man (and pls come to yam city)!
Seems like CHRISmas is coming early this year!~ 😂 As for me: I'm already excited for this new journey. 🥰❤
Best of luck Chris and gang! I am looking forward to watching the newest series next week! You're Journey Across Japan series is def the best series on YT!
super excited about this
American Accent Mr. Affable coming back? Hmmmm Let's see..
I am so excited.
Sounds awesome! I found this channel during the first half of Journey Across Japan and loved how on the spot and vlog-like it was. And the second half was great in a different way focusing on big cities and points of interest. As a whole, it's an amazing series that hits lots of different points. Hearing your genuine feeling and following with your highs and lows is what makes everything so entertaining and worthwhile.  Also Ian. Ian is my spirit animal.
I know English Pete is featured in your podcast, but will he also be on camera again in a future video? The videos with him have to be some of my favourites on this channel, such a funny dude. Also looking forward to the Journey Across Japan, stacked lineup ^^
It's kinda sad we're not gonna see the GRANT or the TAKE IT FOR GRANTED TRIP😢
Very excited to see Connor officially on a Journey Across Japan!   Still Chris, you can let him know I found his channel through you first :P
Nonesense; Chris, you could definitely create a Netflix show or something. You've got more "Pull" than you think! All it takes is an idea... and some money.
I am excited to see this upcoming journey ✨
Love the extended tours through the hinterland!
Chris,   Your channel has helped so many people. I always wanted to go to Japan, I was never in a position financially to go until three years ago. But with the country shutting down it seemed to not be in the cards for me. Now that the countries open again ive since been married and found a new job, with less time to plan trips. But me and my wife decided enough is enough, we just entered our thirties and there is so much we want from life. So i'm happy to say we are coming to japan this summer, I know it's still 7 months away. But it's the perfect time, I can take off and shes a kindergarten teacher so summers are always available for her. I wouldn't have done this without your videos. My anxiety would have kept me from visiting a place I only dreamed of going.   Thanks Chris, you mean more to people then you probably know.
If Natsuki's involved, you know it's gonna be awesome! Can't wait to see his haggling skills at a car stealership...Lol!
Yeah. Enjoy the now Chris. These days, the "future" is way overblown, which is making it overrated.
I’m so excited for this
Hey Chris! If you’re looking for a funny small K car, why not look at a Suzuki Cappuccino? They’re a bit of a cult classic too in the car community
I do loved the rawness of the original journey across Japan which I feel has been lost since then
"I never wanted a big channel" Me: "Oh I don't think your channel is bi- oh you have 2 million subscribers nvm"
you probably wont see this but I saw your channel like 3 or 4 years ago on my youtube page during my undergrad and it made me want to go to Japan, and now in 2024 march I'll be going there as an ALT, its crazy how  one youtube video is gonna change my life so thank you
It’s absolutely inspiring how far this channel has gone. It’s been with me through thick and thin. Can’t wait to see what you do next Chris, onwards to Journey Across Japan Non-Stop North! 🙌🏼
Garnt: Why am I here just to suffer
Pottery experience again and offer the pots as prizes to your viewers.
Road to 3M subs 💪 We will be there
Lmao I just sent like 5-7ideas lol.
Maybe you haven't been posting a lot of content, but it's always top-tier. Nowadays, as an adult, I don't have time to watch daily videos anyway so I always go for quality over quantity. But for the December trip, I'll definitely try to keep up!
Thanks!
I very much enjoyed your audiobook as well Chris - The grim determination to keep going and the optimism, despite the knockbacks,  has been fascinating. I think a lot of YouTubers start for the wrong reasons (to make money) and when they realise the exponential effort they have to make to keep being novel and interesting, just run out of steam and start selling crap T Shirts and cheap mugs instead. You do have gold standard material on your side as well. I think much of the problem was embodied in the video you made about the YouTubers who came to Japan, behaved offensively, and were basically even lower rent Mizzys than Mizzy. Shock will only get you so far.
As much as i liked every JAJ so far, the long and daily one was still the most magical, but i am also biased, cause it was the first i saw and i bingewatched it in the lockdown
More content ≠ Great content. Will be interesting to see how it stands versus the more sparsely produced yet fantastic quality work we are used to watching. Fortune favours the bold. Good luck!
Hi Chris! just wanted to let you know i really love your "Journey across Japan" series and and basically any of your videos! im always happy and looking forward to see another new video popping up in my youtube recommended feed and it just brightens my day or rather evening after a day of work, so big thanks from Austria and keep up the great videos, Mr. Affable! ❤
Journey Accross Japan 2! YEAH!
I actually think it would be better to keep your editors in Tokyo. As long as you can send your clips to them, they can put out videos. If you can't get your clips to them, you probably wouldn't be able to upload to youtube anyway. But nothing, such as a lack of workspace, would keep them from working.
Chris, I chalkenge you all to see who can grow the best looking beard-hair combo. Let’s see some hot new looks!
阿蘇ですけど⋯⋯😂
Absolutely love this channel & Chris and his video making, it’s brilliant 🤌
I am so excited!
I can't wait to see this! I might never be able to go to Japan due to a chronic illness so I'm happy I get to see Japan in some way even if I'm not physically there. Maybe one day. ❤
Chris!! I am so excited you are travelling around Tohoku!!! It is such a missed opportunity for so many foreigners. I lived in Hachinohe in Aomori during 2010-2012 on the JET Program and it holds such a special place in my heart! I cant wait to follow your travels and revist so many places I havent seen for over 10 years and also hopefully see my second home again. This is so exciting! Thankyou for exploring the north and sharing its beauty with the world! xo
Just imagine you open that window and realize that you could have a Ryotaro's gigantography just there watching you every night. Taking care of your dreams. Sublime.
Any old style rant sometimes, maybe?....
Can't wait for the adventure to begin!  I'll definitely take notes as for some of the places I'll add to my must-visit-list when I return to Japan sometime in 2025.  Cheers!
Survival 😂😂😂
this might come weird coming from a viewer, but you could totally upload those videos weekly, cut down the amount, and get away with months worth of content
Really looking forward to this! Journey across Japan always feel like an old top gear special to me
IM HYPED!
This will be good fun!
Love Japan since a kid as we hosted Japanese students in primary school. Can't wait for this. Just wondering when your next cycling video is going to be released, love the first one. Lots of love from Australia.
Exciting!
So excited for this!!!
Been a long time viewer of your channel Chris and I am always so pleased and amazed at how far you've come, it is so incredible everything you have put out and I think this new series of Journey Across Japan really does capture a lot of parts of the country that I would say are very undervalued. It helps to put a light on other places that are not as known and let people experience what Japan is really like. I have always told people that plan on visiting that if they want to experience the true Japan to go to places that not a lot of tourist visit, which is the rural areas but of course that might be hard since most visitors don't know any Japanese 😅 regardless I think all your videos are so entertaining and bring a lot of value to the platform, I always look forward to a new upload every time I check YouTube. thank you for creating such amazing videos
Akita and Aomori are the best prefectures. Very sad the hotel in my favourite little town is under renovations when I'm passing through next.
you don’t want to do a BBC documentary, but can we see Natsuki doing a BBC documentary?
To see Natsuki goofing off so much is something few foreigners actually get to see from Japanese people even when they live there for years. He must be a great friend! Chris must've worked hard to fit into Japanese society.
Your videos are what’s inspired me to come to Japan and I used your last journey across Japan series to plan my visits to Aomori and Hokkaido :)
Did a pretty long journey in Japan earlier this spring. Was great and all, saw many places and met wonderful people, but the one region I didn't visit was the northern part of the country (Tohoku+Hokkaido). I wanna go back!
This is super exciting !!!
wooooo lets goo  more stuff :D
Super excited! I was wondering when the next adventure began.
Always a big fan of the Tohoku love. You're the reason I moved here 6 years ago and i can't thank you enough. First Iwate, Aomori and hopefully Sendai next. While in Iwate make sure you hit Shizukuishi Soul Kitchen. It has the best pizza in Tohoku and (small humble brag) i have my own pizza there.
So excited!!! All the guests are great, Connor finally gets to join a Journey across Japan lol
I did feel like the last couple of Journey Across Japans didn't quite live up to their potential. This feels like a return to form an I am painfully excited. This is also a region I always love watching videos about. I adore the videos about smaller towns or country sides, rather than the big cities (unless it's Kyoto), because after a while all cities start to look the same when showcased through a video. For example: "I'm here in this alley so you can't guess what city I'm in" or "I'm here outside this one building, and now we do a quick cut to inside for a 30 second clip and then some b roll and now we cut to another building"
This is amazing news.  I hope you have the right people around you to have the best December. Can't wait for the videos.    ..If there is ever a chance you can employ a 30-year old Brit then I would love to help the AiJ team (because I want to be in Japan so desperately badly)..
JAJ is back.
Natsuki is looking so dapper
I hope you hire some medical professionals to track your progress in this one, AND also not have to edit after you had been on a physically demanding activity all day. I LOVED the original Journey Across Japan series, but I'd rather you do it safely or not at all.
You’re one of the only YouTubers I’ve consistently followed since back when phrases like ‘Fucking Cleaner’, ‘Like a Magic’ and you doing the first physical challenge in the form of the weight-loss was pretty entertaining. I still love the dry humour and personality, keep doing what you’re doing!
Doing it in a kei car... this is gonna be wild lmao
Oh thank goodness I thought you were going to stop making YouTube videos 🥹 This is the best thing I’ve heard all week ❤ Really looking forward to the videos!
SO excited to see a reprise of the chaos that was the original Journey Across Japan!
Good luck my dood :) hope it all goes super well!
Honestly, Tohoku has to be my favourite region even if I'd only been to Sakata. Was the first place outside of Tokyo I went. Ended up going back this year, and then plan on doing it again next time but hopefully hit a few other places up there. The ryokan I stayed in in Sakata was great. Great town and great locals to have a chat with too. There's a small savory crepe? store near that lighthouse in the park thats pretty good. The owners are amazing
Chris opened up my eyes and made me realise how much I love travel and Japan, I’m so proud of how far he has come and can’t wait to see the next chapter Chris ❤
Nice dude, nice!
WHAT ABOUT GRANTTT
I start my new promotion on the 1st of december, these new videos are gonna help big time😂
Looking forward to it!! Be safe too and enjoy the journey ❤.
I'd like to inform Mr. Broad that you can, in fact, still cycle when it snows. It's called winter tires!
man I'm looking forward to December more then ever now, I cant believe I've been watching you for over five years now and your still going strong and if you guys some how miss a day or two don't sweat it man, made the charm of the original. keep up the good work!
YESSS MAN YESS I LOVE U BRUDDA PLEASE BRING IT BACK UR THE REASON IVE ALWAYS WANTED TO GOTO JAPAN UR THE BEST :,) but am i the only one who thought u we’re quitting utube
The more things change, the more they stay the same, eh?
Oh and the studio? Absolutely brilliant. I hope I’ll get to turn my house into something like that one day lol
It's been an absolute joy to you watch you all these years. Thanks for producing such fun and interesting content and allowing me to live vicariously through you 😀
PLEASE BRING PEWDDDDSS LEAASEEE!!!
Chris broad the David Attenborough of the Japan wilderness.
Ahhh I’m so excited and best of luck for this nonstop upload. Journey across Japan is probably my favourite series on YouTube.
HYYPEEE!!! :D
The sporadic upload of the original really got me through some hard times back then, I had whatever you had out on repeat waiting for the next episode happily.  Whether it was on time or not was just waiting for what I knew was going to be great.  Thanks for creating it back then.  <3
Can't wait for the new journey across Japan!
I'm so excited! I'm looking forward to the new series because I'm planning a trip to Japan next year and would like to make note of uncommon places to visit and check out. Can't wait to see it!
Super excited for the next Journey Across Japan series!! It's my absolute favorite series on YouTube and I'm always blown away by the quality and effort put into them each time a new one comes out. Thank you for always bringing us amazing content and sticking by what makes your videos special!
This is amazing Chris, the original journey across Japan made me fall in love with your content and Japan. I recently visited Japan for the first time and I went straight to northern Tohoku just because of your videos! Thank you so much
One thing I loved about the original Journey Across Japan is how Chris turned into Jack Sparrow by the end with the facial hair lol. Teasing aside, I can’t wait for Non-Stop North! With that guest list it should be fantastic fun. 😃🙌 Hopefully Natsuki doesn’t rip out poor Pete’s hair this time. 😅
Something really good to look forward in December. Thanks Chris!
I drove a Diahatsu Mira for four years in Kuji, Iwate …. The kei-car of all kei-cars.  Death trap? Sure.  Did it get me lost all over the top third of Honshu?  Yep.  Was gas cheaper? (Actually my city hall covered all my gas).  Can’t wait to see the series.  I challenge you all to a judo tournament in Kuji 😂
Looking forward to awesome videos.
You could use that jawline to plough through that snow.
"Ken Watanabe in midnight... Too scary to show?" -Natsuki 2023
Dammit Chris, you nearly gave me a heart attack with the thumbnail and title. I thought you were going to leave YouTube or something. I’m so glad that you’re making more videos! Absolutely love them!
Tohoku is great, I went in summer this year for the festivals. I'm sure the next Journey Across Japan series will make me want to book another trip for winter!
chris you prob wont see this, but thank you so much for showing the beauty and culture of japan to a western auidence. Been watching you for a long time and you've filled my heart and mind with so much and now that I can afford to I will be visiting Japan next April, best of luck on your next journey!
Just submitted a challenge for you all <3 Wish you all luck!!
Yay!!! This sounds awesome! I loved journey across Japan.
Woohoo! Journey Across Japan is back let's go!!!
Car is good.
Forget the car, get a rickshaw. One can pull while the other rests. The snow won't be a problem.
I fckin love you and your ambitions, Chris. Through all these years, my respect has only grown for you! Keep it up.
Please a Toyota Crown comfort! Or KZJ78 Landcruiser Prado!
Are you still having fun doing Abroad in Japan? Just a random question but I would be interested to know the answer
Well, it goes without saying, but, December is about to be downright fucking amazing.
Chris I want to thank you so much for everything youve done on Abroad in Japan so far and for all that is to come. Ive been following your jorney for years now and especially projects like journey across Japan are productions that I will never forget. Your story is inspiring and I hope I will one day find the thing that Japan is for you and express myself in a similar way. I love you and the other guys and I hope youll be there for much much longer !
This is awesome
This was a wild thing to hear. I loved the spontaneity of the original Journey Across the Japan. There was something to the struggle, to the unpredictability, and the out of the way places you visited. Going back to it as I have several times, it gives me drive to be creative and a willingness to let mistakes become opportunities. There had been nothing I wanted more from this channel than a return to that format. Thank you for giving this a go, Chris!
first off you look fucking busted. gets some rest my man. and two, i cant stand those trash taste losers. which is a large part of why i tend not to check in on this channel anymore, and will be a reason i look only mildly forward to this next series.
Please make a visit and highlight my wife’s hometown of Minamisoma.
So excited to see your next edition of Journey Across Japan. Can't wait! :)
Damn chriss you ok? It looks like uve lost alot of weight all of a sudden
Yey sounds awesome 😁 I hope you look after yourself on the trip ahead and have fun !!!!
Hahaha, silly Chris. The original Journey Across Japan was not five years ago. Wait...
Btw. My favourite colour of the alphabet is circle
My biggest travel goal has been to travel the north of japan and possibly to end up living there in the future. So this will be great watching this journey. Really looking forward to it! 👍
So excited for this series!!!
Can't wait for the new journey. Also a Natsuki episode always makes my day. When is he getting his own channel. I want to Know how to smoke and cut hair. 😅
Don’t worry about quantity as I’d always take quality that you’re happy with. I tune in because your videos are always quality
Let's go to Mount Fuji and watch Sun rising there.
Is your hairline receeding Chris? Don't get me wrong, its a good look. Happens to the best of us, (not me though).
I tip my hat, good Sir ! Bloody well DONE ! 👍👍
Good luck and have fun
Omg that's so cool Chris!! I hope y'all have a great and safe journey! Can't wait to watch! Thanks for your hard work, your channel is one of my favorites!!
I think it would be interesting to go back to your old school you taught at.
唆るぜ、これは! Is that right? This is exciting or getting excited. Just quoting Senku.😅
Sounds like it will be a great series!
This is so hype! Can’t wait
Looking forward to seeing the bois (and gals) back together again on JAJ.
Vlogmas meets Journey Across Japan let’s gooooo!!!
Natsuki under a table during the family dinner, clearly you have an idea for a horror movie already.
wooooooooooooooooo
I will make my grandkids watch the OG journey across japan videos BET
I can't believe it's been 5 years but yeah, that first Journey series is what made me sub to the channel.
I can't wait for you take me back to Tohoku.
Chris you're looking slim mate
I'm so excited for the journey!!
Chris' character arc has now come full circle. Hes returning, powered up by a van full of equally disheveled editors, to face his mortal enemy.... Uploading videos daily.  On another note, there is much love for the OG series so looking forward to seeing similar areas of tohoku again lets gooo
YESSSS
You’re an absolute legend Chris, keep up the excellent work
My question is if Patron’s get new videos first how are you gonna juggle that with the daily YT uploads for this Journey Across Japan?
Would love it if you could do an interview with Kaoru Kobayashi.
Going by the thumbnail and title I was worried that you were going to give us bad news.
Maybe a challenge for you guys should be a short film using the set.
Surely you guys get a Kei truck
Totally love you and this lovely channel you’ve thrown yourself into. Coming out of surgery I’ve not really had a lot to do except recover and watch your videos. Love it! Been to Japan a long time ago and it’s cool to see someone from the uk who’s got the classic British sense of humour and a realistic perspective. Keep it up bro 👍🏻😊
Daily videos eh? You sure about that? The important thing is to stay happy. That joy comes through in your videos and makes them even more fun to watch. There are people on youtube I've followed for years and they still make the same type of content, it just isnt fun to watch anymore because you can feel that they dont love it the way they used to.
No blade-runner like city projection any more? :(
11:00 that was the clearest sentence in English that I have heard Natsuki speak
Premiertwo!!! YESSSSS. So pumped for this series.
excited for the december 1st
awesome timing, as i'll be making my own trip across japan starting december 6th! looking forward to having some awesome videos to watch along the way :)
"Who believes in heart that Christ died to take sins of people and after that rose again -will be Saved."Repent for time is short
Yknow 2023 has been really shit for me, it was (And still is) a treat to sit down and watch an AbroadJP video. Can't wait to go into the new year with you and everyone else!
Love you Nats!
Yes! Please give Tohoku all the love. I miss Sendai so much some times.
So excited for this Chris! I just wanted to say that I learned so much about Japan and I realized how much I love Japan because of you. However the thought of every ‘Journey Across Japan’ scares me since each one could be the last since you have already explored all the prefectures in the country. I hope you continue to innovate and create Japan-centric content because I will always continue to support your work!
can't wait for the series. and the timing couldn't be any better. i've finally started making real progress with the book (having a great time with it so far, my tube companion). the destination being sakata, the literal origin of the journey, feels downright poetic!  gambate chris and team
Holy shit, that's a crazy project, and I will be enjoying it alot with niche cups of sake every day. Looking forward to it
Would be cool if you did a new series on experiencing Japanese culture. Like going through Sumo Wrestling school and filming it. Or becoming a Wagyu farmer for a week. Or working in a drab office for 12-16 hours a day and drinking heavily after each day with your coworkers.
No matter what should come in the future Chris, I‘ll appreciate always the hard work you‘ve put in your videos. You‘ve helped me through tuff times and I also had the best times, watching your videos. You’re such an inspiration mate !!  I hope to see you doing this (or whatever makes you feel accomplished or happy) for a long long time. You deserve the very best !  Big hug from a long time fan 🙇🏻
I remember when I fist caught your videos and was like, “who is this grumpy British man living in japan?” But the more I watched the more I could see how much you genuinely loved japan and the culture. I love your way of story telling, it’s so engaging, it’s what’s kept my interest. I love your sense of humor too
YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!
YT cycling algorithms sent me your 'Journey across Japan' series, and I became hooked, as an arnchair Japan tourist! As an anime fan,  I would love to see some exploration of the landscape of 'When Marnie was Here' or 'Spirited Away'.
Journey across Japan was FIVE years ago?! WTF!!! How the hell did this much time pass?!
Of course everyone would love more content but the stuff you have done has been so good because of the quality and care you’ve had over the years. Looking forward to the upcoming videos.
Yesssss so looking forward to this! Thanks Chris!
Comenting "Some of the nicest people" on Riotoro wielding a sword-size knife and manically laughing... Comedy gold.
So excited for this! Holiday cheer sorted!
On the way to Tohoku from Tokyo will you visit Nikko? Its somewhere I missed out on when I was in Japan in October and was really gutted I couldn't go, it looks great
Is this the trip where Chris gets an audience with the Emperor?
Just sent in a challenge idea for this, good luck Chris, hopefully you don’t go crazy this time around and are able to enjoy the journey
Can't wait for this! This going to be amazing!  These are my favorite videos but also don't burn yourself out we don't want that also ❤️
I cycled the Shimanami Kaido this November thanks to your first series. I did it over two days. Best of luck on this new series.
Sounds amazing. Thank you for your hard work and that of your guests and crew. Looking forward to December!
Awesome to see you breaking out into the countryside again, revisiting and finding new nooks and hidden gems. Will be looking forward to the first. I hope you have a fantastic time.
I'm so excited, it's like our own abroad in Japan advent calendar! Also was super proud of myself because I was able to guess who all of the guests were going to be hehe
I live vicariously thru your videos until the day my pennies add up to enough for a Japan Trip.  So excited for the next chapter Chris!!!!.
Take care, Chris.
Remembering that you wanted to make the Journey Across Japan to get fitter I have to say you have come a long way in the last 5 years. Hope you‘re having a good time on the next series.
Chris,I'm someone who has just really started making videos And after seeing how long it takes me to make my* crap* videos I can understand and am 1000% okay with your videos taking the time they need Your videos are better than movies
I'm so excited for this! I've always hoped you would eventually recreate the cast from JAJ 1. I just sent my challenge in. I hope it's a great adventure, can't wait to see the videos!!
It happens 😊
I love your channel man, glad youre still uploading.
I too, worked on a video series with daily posts where we drove across much of the US in a 1970 Toyota Corolla whilst participating in “the great race”.   I had a whole team for video and one for logistics.  And, it just about killed us.  It sounds easy but it was 14 hour days….   Good luck ! Gambatte!
04:35 heck yea !!!!!! 🤯💥
You're a good lad, Chris. Cheers from Germany.
Can we send in challenges now? I'd like to see everyone tethered together . Maybe like 3 feet leed in-between so you can actually get in and out of the car 😅
You know Chris, through the Magic of video editing, you could of filmed this during November, then released it daily from the 1st of December 😆
Oooh can’t wait. Can it be anything else than epic with those guests ❤ best wishes from Denmark
Big fan of the channel, this new series sounds fun, good luck and hope you shed some light on some hidden gems!
Hey! I'm fairly new to your vids (friend got me onto you this year), but I love everything! I love the chemistry between you and Natsuki, and your casual vibe. A lot of "Outsider in Japan" videos are so "proper" or "polite". I have always appreciated that you don't mind swearing and just being yourself. It feels less like watching a presenter, and more like watching a real person.   Thanks for the awesome vids, looking forward to reading your book! (gotta wait till christmas haha)
Cannot wait! Glad to hear there is a small army to help you through this series this time, Chris-tmas will come early this year *cough* Great reaction from Natsuki in the new studio - the legend!
This is going to be awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   amazing guest stars too <3
WOOHOO!!! I found you in 2020, watching your first JAJ every night around Christmas. It was a little treat that got me through some tough times that, obviously, the whole world was facing. Now I’m facing some personal tough times, but who would’ve thought a little bit of news about a YouTuber cramming himself in a small car to go on another epic adventure would ignite something I haven’t felt in a while. Man, I needed this. Looking forward to it!
So excited for the upcoming content!
Honestly this has to be the best Christmas present anyone could ask for
I love how great a friend you and Natsuki really are... also I love how we've literally watch Natsuki and you grow older and more "mature" as you have posted videos through the decade. Once again I love what you do, I love your channel I suggest to everyone interested in japan, thank you so much for what you do Chris! Can't wait for this new JAJ series!
I think you should add jap subtitles to your vids! i think alot of natives would wanna tune in
Christmas came early this year.
Best Vlogmas ever!
A daily Abroad In Japan video for most of December. Best advent calendar ever.
I’ve been watching you from the beginning and can’t wait to watch the upcoming series! Was so fun to see you at the Noodle Cup museum last week, couldn’t believe my eyes after years of watching you online. Keep up the great work.
I don't thinks the amount of content matters, it's what's in the content. I've watched you for years and without fail when you upload I'll watch it. ❤
If you're still in the market for a kei-car with personality: try finding a Daihatsu Opti Classic. It had the most happy face in the world. It literally looks like :D
I'm extremely excited for your next series across Tohouku. You single handedly changed my life back in 2014 when you inspired me to visit Japan, over the years I've returned about 6 times, visited all of southern Japan and Hokkaido, but sadly skipped over Tohouku. I'm planning to return in 2025 and will dedicate the entire trip to Tohouku, so this series will definitely help inspire me on what to visit
Ken behind the beads is brilliant 🤣
Really looking forward to the next Journey Across Japan! These have been my favourite videos on YouTube ever since I saw your first one. Cheers for being an incredible inspiration for challenging yourself and travelling around. You are showing us just how amazing all of Japan can be. Keep up the fantastic work!
New Dr Jelly commercial coming up!  Woohoo!
Fantastic, that's December sorted. By the way you haven't responded to hate mail in a while. You should speak with the mouth of Pitbull once again and give us shit.
This is gonna be awesome!  One thing, any cool music used in the vids please share the name/title in description! I'm still to this day trying to identify the cool 'impacty' type song used on the teaser for the frozen frontier when trains going past.  If anyone knows the song...for the love of god please tag me and let me know! lol
Damn.  I thought Garnt would be there.
Just wanted to say thanks for all the amazing content you have provided over the years. Your channel is one of the few my wife and I make a point to watch together and we just love it to pieces. So cheers to you and your whole team and cheers to many more years to come. We're looking forward to your journey northward! \m/
Hell yeah, Christmas countdown with journey across Japan ❤
My challtfor chris: Fall in love.
Car ideas... an old Subaru Imprezza. they're cool, four wheel drive and the engines tend to blow up. gotta add drama. There are also Subaru Foresters (Farmers Grocery getters) much like the Imprezza, lower performance and less exploady. Maybe a Mazda Bongo, nice little camper van, very Japanese. That might actually be a sensible option.
Lets goooooooooo!!  And just be careful ok, grandpa bones are kinda weak in the cold...
Tohoku and all the other regions you've showcased are beautiful places I'd love to visit and it's true that all the usual places are crowded and uncomfortable. But it's intimidating to go to lesser known regions in Japan, where it's less likely things are accessible for people who speak a different language.   Just recently, my dad asked for my help thinking of an itinerary for Japan but I couldn't really suggest anything from the regions you've shown in your videos even though I really want to experience them. Your videos ime are not really motivation to travel to those regions and more of a medium to live vicariously through you.   Not in this series, but maybe if you want more tourists to go to such regions, you can go into more detail about how a foreigner can access the same experiences? Show the details such as how the forms for booking the hotels you show look or the forms for booking trains to those remote places. I've tried looking up the places you've been to and alot of it is in Japanese so some guidance might be a decent video idea.  Just a little suggestion. I love your work regardless! Tl;dr: it'd be nice to have a, "how to travel to/experience this region in this video on my channel when you know minimal japanese," video series.
it's gonna be fkn crazy 🎉 can't wait
You're looking really healthy brother, always happy to support your work.
Not sure if you’ve done this or not, but a challenge you should do is everyone has to only speak their non-native language all day! The foreigners can only speak Japanese and the Japanese can only speak English!
Yo!!! Can’t wait!!!!
It’s gonna be the north of Japan advent calendar haha
Congrats and good luck!
Excellent.
Still no Garnt lmao
I'm reeeeelly hyped for it
Can't wait Chris! :D
The set looks really nice. And thank you so much for braving another journey across Japan. I am really looking forward to it. I love your entire content but JAJ is the content I find most entertaining and comforting at the same time. Thank you Chris! Best of luck!!
Finally, the monkey is going to be a part of the journey.
Glad to see you still have fun making videos, and I'm looking forward to see this new chapter ! Whether or not you can manage to put a video per day, I'll enjoy watching every bit of it ! Don't forget to love what you do, and don't loose your good spirit !
I can already hear the theme song 😎 Let's go, Non-Stop North 😁
Been watching for years (multiple accounts), so looking forward to this.Thank you. Woop woop. 💙
Zashiki-Natsuki makes the set complete. XD
Good luck
Today, I learned that I've been watching this channel for at least 6-7 years. The original Journey Across Japan was 5 years ago? That is wild.
The real question... will people WATCH daily videos?  Who am I kidding? I'd watch them.
Please don’t turn this into a Jeremy Clarkson ‘Grand Tour’ type of thing, with scripted pieces and terrible acting! Tell us about Tohoku in your usual, inimitable style!
Challenge : Have a party in the K Car.
I'll admit that I haven't watched the JAJ series in chronological order and nowhere close to the time the videos were originally released - but I've still enjoyed every episode.  I'm really looking forward to seeing where you're going and the experiences ahead.
Cool lineup but no Ellen no party
Well... Having more content is nice, but i think uploading 7 days a week is too much, both for you and for us here. Hopefully you will make some summary of the trip in 2-3 videos at most afterward for people like me, that have less time.
AHHHH I am so HYPPPPEEEEEEEEE WOOOOOOOOOOOOO
nice clickbait
I really look forward to this! I do wish you put out more content but understand your unique way of making and editing content that takes time. I do however believe if you could find trusted and reliable editors to help you you could easily push out more content and still retain fairly high quality but this is all up to you on wanting to do this or not. as you said, it was more about having fun then turning this into a full time career but you know. it is an amazing job to have!  You also have said you run out of content to make in Japan, i simply disagree, may run out of idea's but I think there is plenty tto make content from. i watch daily streamers in Japan and people doing all sorts of things in Japan and still exploring new places and so on. Though honestly no where near the quality of Abroad in Japan in most cases, there certainly is plenty of room for more content in Japan, I believe it. Maybe just have to with time accept some videos will cover certain content that bumps up to or overlaps other videos done in past, but oh well that's just is. Could even revisit old videos and revisit old idea's again, wouldn't be a bad thing.
"Hello, goodnight, fuque off" Natsuki has truly become a Brit 🙏
Chris, I’m excited! I hope you give a good tour of your old stomping grounds
Damn Chris really lost a lot of weight didn't he? He looks a bit older now 😅
Sweet! If you ever get a wild hair and decide to do a trip out of country, think about crossing the pacific and doing a Journey Across Ecuador.  I'd interpret for you! lol I think you n Natsuki would have a blast and get into all kinds of weird shenanigans here. I'd do it myself but I'm too broke to get the recording equipment (and it is definitely something that would need to be done in a group, because *reasons* lmao.)  Looking forward to your new adventures!
Oh hell yeah! Been having a tough month, but in December it's getting a lot easier. A new Journey Across Japan is just the cherry on top!
7:25 what the heck, that exact lamp is in Animal Crossing
Hi Chris, I’m currently in Japan on my honeymoon. Because of your videos (I’ve been watching for about 5-6 years) we visited Aomori city and Hirosaki and found them beautiful, (relatively) quiet and definitely worth a visit.   I think your aim of improving knowledge in them is a good one and one you actually have been doing for longer than you know. Good luck with the future!   Sam
Hello Chris,  I hope this message finds you well. I wanted to express my deep gratitude for the impact your channel has had on my life. Over the years, it has served as a constant source of comfort and joy, becoming a significant part of my weekly routine for almost a decade now.  I can't pinpoint the exact video that drew me in initially, but I've watched them all, each contributing to a sense of familiarity and solace in my life. Dealing with various challenges, including mental health issues and a speech disorder that often led to isolation, your videos have been a reliable source of positivity and inspiration.  Your content has ignited a desire within me to explore the enchanting culture and beautiful places showcased in your Japan videos. Despite not having had the opportunity to visit Japan yet due to time and financial constraints, the prospect of experiencing it firsthand remains a cherished aspiration.  I wanted to take a moment to acknowledge the profound impact you've had on my life, even though we've never met and may never cross paths. Thank you for the dedication and love you pour into your videos; they have made a meaningful difference. I look forward to continuing to enjoy everything you create.  As the holiday season approaches, I wish you, Sharla, and everyone in your life the very best. May this Christmas be filled with joy, warmth, and the company of loved ones.  Thank you once again for being a constant source of positivity and inspiration.  Warm regards, Miriam from Norway
I couldn’t be more excited for December ❤
Can't wait to see it! So glad your doing another series ❤
Journey across Japan was my favourite series of all YouTube ever. I'm very much looking forward to it no.2!!Rewatching it everyday over the pandemic was the only thing that kept me sane
Damn Chris, why can't I be living in Japan having these kind of amazing adventures instead of dealing with these Numbities in the British government! Ive never wanted to leave the UK so much and go and explore Japan but offcourse it needs money and major life changes. I love watching your channel as it inspires me to realise I can break away from the Anglo-Sphere and not be affarid of learning and adapting in a foreign culture like Japan! Keep going and inspiring all of us wanting to go and explore Japan and Asia! Cheers my Brother from another Mother!
YESSSSSS!!!! LET’S GOOOOO!!!!!
I like that you've always stayed genuine. Congrats on your continued success! Can't wait to see you and the crew on this new journey
Honestly pumped for this series
I really didn't expect to by hyped... but by god IM HYPED. LETS GO TOHOKU🤘🤘🤘
Woah, you've actually kept the fat off!
Keep up the good work. I really enjoyed your book.
Hoping you again cross paths with that lady who invited you to a party. This time: accept.
You're looking good, Chris. I wish you every success in your new journey.
So hyped for this.
why not go around by ev? there are lots of good charging stops now
Gart not included once again
Can't wait to see you and Natsuki getting into shenanigans! ✨
First challenge is to buy a Kei car for less than ¥100,000.😂
How can move to Japan and stay permanent illegal ? Is paid marriages easy there ?
Are there 4x4 Kie cars? 🤔
YESSSIRR
Well I guess after this there's only one thing left to do... Make a video on Nagoya. 😱
can't wait too see the new JAJ..i konw  it's gonna be a delight to watch!
love you chris, but man youll gonna blow that challenge so hard
yay~~~
Love Journey across Japan!!! Because of your videos, I’m inspired to come and visit, and know all the cool places to go ❤
No matter what happens, its going to be entertaining. Good luck and be safe chris
Can’t for it to start! The original was super fun, I hope you can eat and sleep well this time around. I will be following it again! Do a live premier 🎉
This is going to be my advent calendar this year 😍
Everyday that passes Natsuki looks more like Mr Miyagi... a bit crazier
Yay! I've always been curious about Tohoku! I can't wait!🥰
cant wait for journey across japan i love that series :)
What a great idea Chris! Looking forward to following along with you and the team, on an always entertaining journey
wonderful to hear youll feature tohoku - such an underappreciated area
at the 1:40 mark when you said you were happy doing exactly what you were doing, i stopped the video, thats all i wanted to hear , you had me nervous for second, your channel is the reason I completed one of my bucket list items and visited tokyo, ive been back 3 times since, its practically a yearly event now. Im sure you hear it all the time, but you really did change my life, thanks Chris. PS: you should shove Connor of more cliffs, that was great entertainment
Hopefully Garnt can make an appearance, been looking forward to journey across Japan, Take it for Garnted!
Please please please buy an Autozam!
Ready to ride the hype train
You got the right idea Chris, im really excited. For something to be a Journey there needs to be space for the unexpected to happen. Else its just a Themepark ride. Good luck!
This is gonna be soo fun 😆 cant wait. I hope you guys encounter spooky things during your travels 👹👽👻
This is great! I loved watching journey across Japan when Chris originally did that, and Northern Japan is beautiful. Roll on December 1st 😊
I have an exam in 5 hours , why am I watching this .. Well CHRIS DROPPED A NEW VIDEO!! Thats why
thank you for the video
Always excited for every journey across Japan❤  The first Journey across Japan was the reason I discovered you!
My fav thing about this channel is that it is ALWAYS high quality, well thought-out videos. I dont care how regular they are, because whenever I see one youtube I KNOW it will be good.  Goodluck with the new adventure, I cant wait for the videos to come!
Still no Grant in Chris' videos😢
Yooo this is so hype.
Natsuki is so funny man
Yeah, best series of the year! 20-30 episodes of Journey across Japan, what else would you want for Christmas?
ok
December first? It will be like an Advent Calendar for this winter!
Excited for what's to come, and yay for Ryotaro being a part of it!
It's definitely escalated over the last 10 years
Can't wait! I'll have just moved even further North in Scotland, Orkney. So the thought of 21 vids to enjoy in the cold dark nights sounds amazaing. Never regretted even once watching your channel since about 8 years ago, or joining Patreon and buying you awesome book. Keep on being you!
So excited for this, great guest list!
I stumbled across this channel in my sophomore year of high school in 2016. I discovered the idea of teaching English in Japan through your channel and since then, I've had my mind set on the goal of doing the same thing. Experiencing your content for the last 7 years has been nothing short of joyous. I can't wait to see where the future of Abroad in Japan goes, and I'll be following along the same way I've been for the last 7 years.
should have skied across the north
Chris, I’m  really glad to see you’re sticking with your plan of introducing lesser-travelled regions of Japan. I mean, I’ve lived in this country even longer than you (20 years!) and I still haven’t made it up to the Tohoku area. That said, I live in one of those ‘lesser-travelled’ areas myself (Mie Prefecture) and I certainly have explored THIS area quite a bit. (I’ve been working on a ‘lesser-travelled’ video of my own, but that’s another story.) Anyway, keep up the inspirational work and I’m looking forward to that video series! 🍻
No I don't really think I have promised something I couldn't keep.  I'm not a scumbag liar.
Whether it be daily uploads, or once a month, your vids are something I always look forward to see pop up on my feed/notifications. Keep up the amazing work, Mr. Affable! Can't wait for this new series!
Natsuki is a gem. You did an insane job on the whole set! Looking forward to this next journey hopefully you enjoy bringing us along with you
Wow, where is that beautiful snippet at 4:32 located?😮
Can’t wait!
Yay I can't wait!! I hope to see the city I called home for the last year. I miss Sendai and Tohoku in general. I absolutely agree 100% that Tohoku has many many nice spots you shouldn't miss as they are just as magical as any other place in Japan 🤍 For example: If you love Kyoto, visit Hiraizumi for a similar experience with way less tourists ☺️ Good luck on your tour, Chris 👌
Just a small comment to appreciate how much Chris is inspiring. He has done it all, almost. His channel is a success, he's tried and done amazing and fun stuff all along the way. Many could say, well that's the peek of his career. And as a creator, it can be so difficult to reinvent yourself, while still being true to yourself. Well, we must congratulate Chris to never stop having ideas, and being true to himself. You'll never see this probably, but Chris you are one of the most upstanding creator out there, and it is truly inspiring. Thank you!
Thank you for everything Chris! For your charm and years of entertainment!
The Daruma has both eyes filled in. So what did you achieve?
It’s been five years? 😮
Chris X James May - make it happen
I cannot wait!!! Had me nervous from the title (well done lol) BUT this sounds like it's going be awesome!!!
Chris 5 years ago with beard looks like a bit like Robert Downey jr.
Yes! I love all of your videos, but tbh first JAJ was something else. Japan shown from "street" and natural perspective was more, well, natural and immersive. It felt more like touring Japan myself than watching documentary. I never watch YT videos more than once, but I saw first JAJ three times. Every episode. I love the idea, hope it won't destroy your mental health. :P
I wish you the best of luck on this upcoming journey, and I look forward to the content.  I've never been to Japan, but I'd love to go there some day when money isn't so tight.
Fuck the small car go get a subaru impreza. It will make the trip 100 times better.
As a fan from the very first hours I cant await your non-stop-north tour :) Go for it and be strong !
Me and my brother were watching through your Journey across Japan series and i was wondering if you were ever gonna do this again. Legit excited, man! Best of luck!
Doesn't matter what you do, I support you. I absolutely love yoir videos ever since the first. Journey Across Japan was my favorite series and I'm addicted still.
Brilliant! Here since 100K subscribers. Well done!!!! The ramen shop / 70's room = perfecto.
1st of December??? Christmas is coming early this year!
*Almost end of the line..*
It's been 5 YEARS? Wtf im old. Seems like yesterday I was watching tokyocooney
Looking forward to this Chris. Kinda going back to basics (notwithstanding the HUGE team of down-trodden slaves you have running around in the background nowadays). Good luck with everything!
I'm so excited for the next Journey can't wait to see 🎉🎉🎉🎉
Looking forward to it, Chris! Good luck!
CHRIS LOOKS SO HEALTHY WHAT THE HECK, nice work
Im looking forward to this series!
I guess Taken For Garnted is not happening?
Hey Chris, been watching you since you first started. Don't worry about daily upload if it's stressful man. We love the quality you bring to your videos. Just do whatever works for you
I'm extremely grateful for this channel, and the JAJ series. I can't imagine the burnout these things can cause.
Got me scared there, Chris... 😢
Yay! I'm so excited!
Thank you.  Don't this it is said enough to you.   Can't wait for the video to land :D
A video everyday for my birthday month!? <3 yes please! <3
Chris' studio set keeps evolving in the best way possible! Absolute madlad
OMG Can't wait.  I don't think you need to upload every day if it is too difficult, we will appreciate any videos posted. ❤
TIME SLIP!!!!  😂
YES TOHOKU!!
So hyped, heard this announced on the Podcast first so very excited and this video builds on that, cant wait to watch!
I've enjoyed every single video I've ever watched from you. Either it's been awe at how beautiful Japan is or how funny/quirky some parts (and translations) are.☺☺ I've been watching since late 2016 and you inspired me to learn Japanese which I'm now on level B2 in.👌
I love that you’ve been so successful with this channel that now you can just casually buy a whole car for a video series! Looking foreword to all the great content coming in December! 🤟
Hyped to see what I can do on my 3 month trip in japan in little less than a year.
As someone who lived in Kansai for 6 years and a fan of you for years, I think you doing these is incredible. I imagine all the organizing it takes and you are incredible. I've loved these and how down to earth and real you are and humorous about life in Japan.
I've actually been thinking about JAJ recently, and how the newer ones don't feel like a journey but a compilation of other abroad in japan moments. Really hope this catches the magic of the original!
WOOHOO!
I watched your first video around the time you uploaded it. I thought "hehe he's pretty funny".   Fast forward all these years, you're still pretty funny. Thanks for the good laughs!  I often use Natsukis catch phrase.....,...Go fucking vacuum yourself. 😁 .....
YEAH BABBBYYYY 🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤
YEEESS!!!
Man I really hope your lying the original trip across Japan feels like a month ago 😂😅
im glad that somehow i stumbled to find your channel. I got to see whole lot of different places in Japan not just the famous ones.
I can’t wait!
For those that want to know a little more, Chris did talk about this for a bit on his and Pete's podcast. Biggest thing (imho) is that there will be 2 editors but there were many other details.  My challenge: Spend the day only speaking Japanese.   Details: On and off camera. Preferably with the guest this would be hardest for. Probably Connor or maybe Sharla/Pete? Have subtitles but make sure they are reflecting all the mistakes as I am sure there will be some comedy in that.
Ah yeah !!!!! Ready for this!
Cannot wait for this series of Journey Across Japan. I really admire your content because you can tell the care that's put into it and every video is a work of quality and I really respect that.
Hyped 🤩
Give it to me now!
I love all your work and look forward to the new series, no matter how long it takes! You seem to be harder on yourself than anyone else might be. Great work, great friends and a great sense of humor. I don't watch Netflix anyway.♥♥♥
would be cool to see you guys in a suzuki cappuccino
We love you Chris Abroad Man <3
I wish there was a chris doing this in every country 😮 who'd need tv 🤷‍♂️ was that abroad van dam on the wall 😂
Me and my parent's love you channel ❤❤ congrats on 10 years an I'm loving your book 😁 and i cant wait to see non stop North i have watched every journey across Japan and pretty much every other vid  and i love it
Can you interview the cringiest American pretending to be Japanese living in Japan? He has a channel @sorathetroll
I noticed the absence of the usual flashy thumbnail. Instead Chris just looks kind of somber. Any significance here? Probably reading too much into that. 😁 Anyway... those are exciting news! Looking forward to the new journey. :)
Here’s to a new journey! 🍷
You deserve all the greatest things in the world. Because you worked your butt off. And that's why you deserve what you got as well as the scribers you got. So congratulations it's okay to be proud.
You've just made my December. And your content is great at any pace cos it's always top notch!
Haha, Natsuki always steals the show. Can't wait for the next Journey Across Japan!
Hardwork and determination pays off, and you are living proof that if you commit to do something, you will see the fruits of your labor. Also, I think the fact that you are transparent, and you have taken the time to expose and present other aspects of Japan has given you that edge. Your videos give one an opportunity to explore and learn about other areas of Japan that are often neglected. As always, thank you for such a great content and looking forward to this new adventure.
My partner and I spent 2 weeks in Japan this year and your videos, journey across Japan included, contributed massively to our burning desire to visit the country. We had the best time ever, and your videos now inspire us to one day return. To top it off Ryotoro stepped onto our carriage one day around Osaki station- we sat there stunned! Thank you Chris and friends x
your videos are easily one of the best videos of japan and I'm always excited whenever you announce a journey across japan. Thank you for always giving us something new to enjoy about japan!
>no bikes >most requested challenge of the series: spend a day on a bike
You have no idea how often I re-watched the original Journey Across Japan xD Can't wait!!!
Time for Abroad in Korea? (writing this before watching video LOL)
This is very exciting. We love you, can’t wait!
And you may find yourself living in a sushi shack And you may find yourself in another part of the world (Japan) And you may find yourself behind the wheel of a very small automabile And you may find yourself in a beautiful barbers house, with a beautiful Natsuki And you may ask yourself, "Well, how did I get here?... I'm never drinking that saki again"
I love the idea, but make sure you take some days off too!
When I did my exchange to Japan, I spent my time in Tohoku. Quite literally my favourite place on earth, no where else in the world has ever compared! I spent the majority of the time in Miyagi Prefecture not far from Sendai, and everywhere I went was mind-blowing - in particular, I fell in love with Matsushima Bay. I can't wait to go back and I can't wait to see the next Journey across Japan!
I hope you’re doing Aomori! It’s part of my 3 week trip next March!
No. Leave Tohoku a secret! Visited the region pre-covid and it was brilliant. As you've mentioned good food, great scenery and people. Above all, that 1% tourism numbers were great. We encountered more local tourist which was great for me :)
Good luck on your trip. Thank you for all you do. Safe journey.
im hyped for this and 3rd best American friend is nasty work and i dont think the content number was bad cause it was always quality work
I am so hyped, looking forward to it Chris!
I live in Tokyo and am planning some time off to travel Japan. This is coming at a great time! I can wait to watch!
I feel like the closest thing to the original Journey Across Japan you've done since was Connor's charity cycles. I'd love to see another "classic" JAJ series!
excited
Watching Chris and Connor do this originally then just Chris go across Japan on bikes made me want to try it if I ever visited but I don't think I have a friend crazy enough to join😂
My girlfriend is from Tohouku and it's a really lovely area
So excited for this next chapter!! 🥳 Been following you since before the first journey across Japan and I’m immensely proud of all the milestones you’ve accomplished along the way!
Bloody hell. I cannot wait. For us viewers it will be epic. For you Chris, not so much. Nonetheless we believe in you. Be strong!!!
Sounds really exciting, how fun!
Im excited for this. My next trip to Japan is either around May or October of next year, and its hard for me to decide between Kyushu vs Tohoku. I had a client who was stationed in I think Iwate before & after the tsunami and he said the area was full of the kindest people.
Chris you're a big inspiration for my own journey across Japan. Keep up the great work!
It's crazy how far youre come, from filming in your small room apartment to this.
What now?? Journey across Japan unicycle edition??
Sounds amazing!
Still waiting for “Taken for Garnted”😢
wow great set!
I enjoy all your videos Chris and this content is what I look forward to the most!!!
Man... you and Natsuki san lookin ole, ma boys! Time really passing fast eh? 😢 Good health and luck to you all!
Any excuse to use that theme song eh?
This is the best of news. Just got back from 3 weeks in northern Japan with my wife. A trip that was planned while recovering from surgery and binge watching your videos. A lot of the best things we did were from watching your travels. Sendai and the surrounding area was a favorite stop and we even managed to randomly get a photo with Ryotoro in our hotel lobby. I was wearing a I’m with stupid shirt (bought in Japan)and luckily he stood on the other side to wich the arrow was pointing 😂 can’t wait for December to come!
I look forward to the new series. What a great way to send off the year 🎉
Along with the book, you are killing it! Keep up the great work!
The amount of times you complained about the rv being uncomfortable, or as you put it "decrepid" I think? I can't wait to see you drive throughout the entire north of japan in a kei car, I'm not sure that's such a wise decision lol
So soon! 🤩😍
when I want to tranquilize myself with the trivial I watch your videos..
chris you da best
Fabulous! All the best from Tokoname! Look forward to seeing your new videos!
Waaaait, Journey across japan was 5 years ago??? Uso!!
Thank you for giving us high quality content keep it up 👍
Your journey is my journey friend. Looking forward to it. Have fun, be safe.
You’re looking super healthy, I hope it’s from looking after yourself rather than from stress. It is so true, so many beautiful and very quiet, economically struggling countryside places in Japan, need the help of influencers to show off these areas as content. People are so hungry for Japan content. I love Kyoto but it is so busy, it took me 4 + visits, plus the pandemic to appreciate the city more because it was quieter. Japan’s countryside needs tourism.
Loved your book
Always enjoy your videos & podcasts Chris. Proud owner of your book, luckily not the knock off breast feeding one 😂🎉  Your surrounded by great people and to many of us you produce fantastic content on your own and with your friends.   Can't wait for the more indepth videos and shenanigans the abroad in Japan community will throw at you for your challenges.   Love that 70s set and the poster 😂  "NICE FACE!"
Goin good bud 👍
Gonna enjoy watching you in Japan in Winter. In my Region in Germany we have hardly snow now. Its basically only fall throughout winter until its spring again. Well maybe we get to see snow in the black forest, but thats boring haha
Whooo, lets go!!!!  Although... with all that snow? Journey across Japan cross-county ski edition?😁
I am kind of proud to follow you almost from the beginning! My favourite YouTube channel for a decade! Looking forward to the next 10 years! And the journey through Japan (again!) All the best to it!!
Can you please add paypal donation link? I try not to give money to Patreon when I can.
Keep up the great work Chris.  You're doing a lot of great things for Japanese tourism.
so fricking excited!!
I am so excited for this !! Can’t wait.
Thanks for the almost heart attack, Broadie. Damn clickbait-y, making me think you're done title BASTARDO! I'll be here for December, hopefully. Oh and challenge: Marry Sharla.
I have been watching your content for last 8 years…i just realized its been that long🤣..and i still enjoy every video the same as ever.
I can't wait!!
You know Chris, I remember those days of the original journey across japan, I loved it and it felt so comforting and helped me get through a rough time back then, now I'm also going through another  rough time and the timing for the series to return couldn't have been better, thank you Chris from the bottom of my heart you are an amazing man.
that image you're using makes it look like you're issuing an apology video.
Watching you age of the last 10 years with me is both beautiful and scary! You’ve really grown in style and substance and I love your old videos too. I can’t believe it was that long ago I first saw them. Dam I feel old!
Daily videos in December almost all the way up to Christmas Day? Don't spoil us so.
I watched the original series a few days ago and I really love it . even thogh I personaly will be expecting much better content this time , cuz it's been 5 years and i know you can do it . looking forword to it!
Can't wait for the 3 MILLION SUBSCRIBER SPECIAL, Mr. Affable Youtubah!
I am so excited for this. Best of luck to you and all the guests i hope you all have a blast.
The logo for the new series needs to be on some merch!!!!!  :)   Can't wait to watch!  Please have safe travels!
NGL you could easily do netflix and bbc, you dont know how popular you are! even i didnt know, i'm surprised every time someone knows of you. not in a bad way but like i've watched you for a while and didnt realize how much you exploded
Fantastic news! I know, I know....Osaka and Kyoto have been so overly crowded with the post-COVID tourist glut. I wish I had easy access to far-flung places like Tohoku, but I've instead been branching out to more neglected places even only an hour's distance from the large Kansai cities, and yes, they are all quiet, have unique and lovely things to offer, and are well worth appreciating! I think it's great that you're embarking on this new adventure, and I look forward to seeing all of these wonderful places! :)
wowowoww
HYPE
Chris、あなたの東北への貢献に常に感謝しています。東北への観光は外国人だけでなく、日本人も減っています。このシリーズは日本語字幕をつけて多くの日本人へも見せるべきです。
So hyped!
Special challenge for you and the monkey man!  CRANE GAME CHALLENGE REMATCH!
Chris, your videos are what started my near infatuation of Japanese culture, prompting me to learn Japanese (not very well, but somewhat lol) and I am planning to visit the beautiful country in the next couple of years. Your videos are such a great “escape,” if you will, from day-to-day annoyances or frustrations.   Excited to see what’s next for the affable one and friends on this non-stop journey towards the North!
CANT WAIT!!!
can someone give me a summary
Amazing! Ten years?! feels surreal for me having watched this long, must be something special for you. Always loved the videos you put up daily or otherwise. Thanks mate, really appreciated
see you there
What's next?  A Natsuki vs. Godzilla movie?
Here I am just missing when Chris used to do small time videos, like trying out new foods. Just him, by himself, no one else lol.
So looking forward to this!🎉
Yesssssss!!!!!!!
When are we gonna get a Garnt and/or Sydney episode?
Sounds great bro
Good to see Natsuki again.
Can you Chris, & Tatsuke have a go at the fictional martial art Kosho from the TV series The Prisoner, please? That would be so cool. Yes, sorry but I'm in the older end of your audience. 🧡
I don't know if it's just the lighting and camera angle, but Chris is starting to look like Christopher Walken.
I'm smiling like a kid right now. I'm way too excited for this series.
Orange girl was super! 🙂🤘🌈
You have a great speaking voice, Chris.  If you did narrate documentaries it'd add a compelling presence.
Thank you for so many years of excellent content! Looking forward to your next adventure!
"Hello?  Goodnight...fuck off" Oh Natsuki!  In all seriousness though, be safe out there Chris and have fun!
man, what a way to close out another amazing year on Abroad In Japan! lookin forward to December 1st!
Sounds like it might be a fun series!  Also... with how Japanese brands name their Kei cars, I hope ya managed to get something silly!  Like a Daihatsu Naked, or a Honda That's. :P Though one that isn't a Kei car, but just has the best name ever for a car, an Isuzu Mysterious Utility Wizard. XD
I look forward to this very much. I lived in Sendai for three years and I miss it so much. I also lived in Tokyo and Osaka (and even Saitama) and have travelled extensibly around the country over the years. But Tohoku is so beatiful and varied. It also has a special place in my heart. It’s the real gem of Japan. I won’t be missing an episode, for sure.
So glad you're willing to go through another possible mental breakdown for our entertainment! Can't wait for the next series, best Christmas gift we could've asked for.
legend
conner has to buy a 100 banans per nihongo jozoo
My mother and I always watched you, you were always are FAVORITE of all the YouTubers in Japan. Now that she has passed they mean even more to me. She was a city girl from Tokyo but thoroughly enjoyed seeing many unseen parts of Japan with your sparkling on point humor and brilliant cinematography.
you had me until the pete guy lol
I'm sure you won't see this, but i've watched every single one of your videos. I have (and i've read) your book, i follow Sharla's, CDawg's channels. Your videos are absolutely fantastic. You can tell the level of commitment and passion you have for your content. You have inspired me to save and get my passport ready to visit Japan at some point in 2024. I'm being thrilled about what's to come next!
Can't wait to see this series of videos 😎 good luck and have fun
I’m so excited to see this new journey across Japan. It’s always such a treat watching Chris and friends in Japan doing different challenges. It feels like home ❤️
I'm sorry for pointing this out, but Non Stop is the name of a candy. People decorate gingerbread houses with them
I just wanted to say I have been a very long time fan and I remember that storm video you posted so long ago, and how you were trying to juggle being a teacher and doing youtube to saying you're just doing youtube. Hope all is well and you got this!
Damn, I guess we're still waiting for 'Taking For Garnted' 🥲
Very noticeable when looking at the old clips (some from not that long ago mind) that you've been hitting the gym or something. Whatever you're doing, it's working for you. Looking good!
Bikes + skis ❤
always excited to see a new journey across japan!!!!!!
Awesome Mr. Broad. I look forward to it!
I'm always amazed of the origin and growth of YouTubers like you and PewDiePie. You both took a gamble away from safety and journeyed into the unknown. With enough hard work and determination you're enjoying the fruits of your labour. December sounds fun! Good luck!
Can’t wait to see the next series! Love these adventures
This is going to be a lot of fun!
This is exciting. Definitely glad to see this part of Japan getting some well deserved attention in this way. And it’s great to see the original Journey Across Japan format. I haven’t seen the other series’ yet because I unsubscribed for a while before recently getting back into the channel. But from clips I’ve seen, I don’t feel as if they did the first series justice. This seems to be the real follow up to the original. Although, I probably would have done it in summer and on bikes again. Maybe that can be for the future.
That is so cool Chris , and well if I ever go to japan I do want to visit the north as well.
The paradoxes are not missed, and they are plentiful. Especially to us born and raised in Britain. Irony is a staple of our diet. It's stronger than the Lynx Africa we gave our dad for Christmas. Inca/Tempest are allowed, but that's because we shopped too late.  I can only imagine how back to front your whole experience must have felt. A gaijin's diary of Japan, avalanched to Takumi's adventures in Japan. All the while, asking if the channel is about you, or Japan? Juggling is difficult, but it's even harder when you can't see the balls (lol). As a friend, and a fan; I'm happy for you. I'm happy to be a fan, and a friend. And that's saying something, because we're both miserable gits by nature.   As for your channel, I think of it like music. You might love Queen, I might hate em. But EVERYONE loves queen at some point. Nothing (else) really matters, anyone can see.
Pete still ranked third best American friend, let's go!
yes! yes!yes!  north we go  love your friends ,
Natsuki is such an epic human. The Pythons would love him to bits if they were ever lucky enough to meet him. I can't quite put my finger on why (apart from them all obviously loving word plays), but I get the same sort of vibes from him as I've always done from the Pythons themselves. Also good luck with the trip!
Can’t wait, love it!! And great new rooms 🎉
Oh my god, i'm so excited!
Got the book love from grimsby
Question about the shot at 4:33 - where is that? Looks absolutely faboulous, would love to visit that place
Just make sure you don’t get so knackered that you become sick again 😅
Always enjoyed the knowledge and humor you put on your vids whatever you do I'll still be here to watch and enjoy :3
Quality over quantity. I'd rather have good engaging videos over hundreds of rushed new videos
Abroad way harder than las time
Looking forward to adventure!
4:27 - 4:32 That was literally the only advertisement I needed. Next time I'm in Japan, it's gonna be non-stop north alright.
yahhaaaa ... love it. There's too much podcast these days and not enough real content creator. Keep it up, Chris !
Do the polar plunge
I'm going to japan in february For a month but i've planned to travel in the north next time after that. So i'm eager to see where they are going so it can bring some idea for my next next trip.  I'm also curious on the budget  of having a car in japan for 21 days. With the fuel, how much does it cost? Can i do it by train or this place can only be visited by car? This is the kind of question i will be asking myself during this serie of video.
oh my god when natsuki pointed at the phone and uttered the immortal words
As I always say; Quality over quantity. You might not have a lot of content, but the content you upload cheers me up for the moment and gets me hours of topics to talk to with my friends, who are also invested in Japanese topics. I'm curious as to how this will turn out and will make sure to not miss one episode 🙂
Pete Challenge : you must teach someone a phrase in English that’s doesn’t make sense.
Holy shit this is hype
Glad you're bringing Monkey in this, best of luck! :)
The editing team cracked me up!! I remember watching your first journey and how it made me feel and really encouraged me to do many things in my life. It feels full circle
Finally monkey-man on Journey Across Japan???
Quality over quantity, please.
Was hoping you were announcing “Taken for Garnted”
Non Stop North!!! 🤟🏻
I kinda want the Monkey's guest appearances to also be the Wacky Weekends.
as much as I love daily videos from my favorite CCs, YT algorithm is not very kind to these videos since they dont seem to provide any increased impressions unfortunately.
I've been watching you for years and always was rooting for you. Now I'm watching you and am rooting against you.
Always happy to see you i  enjoy your videos immensely, love Japan good luck and have fun remember to take it all in don't let the moments pass greetings from south africa.
I cannot wait!
FIVE YEARS since the start of Journey Across Japan, that has really flown. I cannot wait for the next series. Cheers Chris (and team) for all the entertainment, long may it continue
Bro, I’ll tell you what. I’m glad I found this channel, lmfao I started watching when I was 26 and now I’m 31 and still enjoy watching.
Really excited about this!
Journey across Japan is still, till today, the best Japan series I’ve seen on YouTube, I rewatch it every year or twice a year and honestly cannot get enough. I can quote it by heart by now and yet, I’m not bored of it.   I think it was your most brilliant series and I’m happy you are trying to find a way back to that type of content, showing the countryside, connecting to people, and reduce a little bit the production scale, having that everyday life vibe in it. Looking forward to the upcoming videos so much ❤❤
i have never ever in my life felt excited about a youtube series release. this had me actualy jumping off my chair. thank you chris i was actually legit afraid you might close up shop. but thank you for staying and making another series <3
Ahhh~ anything you make is exciting and interesting, blessed to have you as a creator. Can’t wait to see how this all unfolds!! 😊
08:00 When a attractive japanese women says Moshi moshi which sounds like mushi, mushi to a german. We say: Yes, please ^^
best Christmas calendar ever!
I’m moving to northern Japan in February next year so I’m definitely going to be tuning in!
The lineup of guests is 🔥
Your videos give glimpses into parts of Japan Ive never seen before, and definitely found a place on my list of things and places I want to visit one day. I always wanted to take a trip to Japan, but never was quite sure where to go, I didn't want to go to overcrowded classical vistas - as pretty and interesting as they might be. Your Videos are a great way to see more unknown places. I cant wait to see them, one day. Im excited for more, new places to see. Thank you!
It’s actually insane that Chris puts out some of the most consistently quality content on the entire platform and is APOLOGIZING for not posting more. Sir 😂. But I guess that’s what makes him successful right? Never satisfied. I commend him for it a lot and I’m excited for another “Will Chris lose his sanity and health for content” aka Journey Across Japan
look forward to it!
Very much looking forward to the New Journey Across Japan. I’ve been watching for years and you deserve every success.
I missed the energy of the last one. It was obviously planned, but smaller beats of the journy were more unplanned than most of the other videos. It was very special so I hope you can recapture that a bit.
I loved Tsuruoka, Sakata and Aomori when I visited Japan for the first time this year!! It was so beautiful and peaceful!! And the apple juice from Aomori was so amazing I think about it every day!!  Can’t wait to see where you all go!!
It's been 5 years since the original Journey across Japan?! Holy crap, I really have no sense of time.
Fantastik idea 🤗 i look forward to view your future videos.  It surely will be amassing. 🙃🙃👍😛👍🙃🙃🙃🙃
Looking forward to the new Journey Across Japan series.
Natsuki challenge: everytime you have a smoke you must give a gift to a stranger
Loving the 90s Tokyo Auto Salon font for the Journey Across Japan sequels 😭👍
Glad to hear you have a team to do the editing now. Daily uploads still sounds like a monster challenge but hopefully this time it won't kill you or leave you a malnourished, sleep-deprived empty shell. Looking forward to the videos!
Meam...good luck <3 and have fuuuuun :))
I thought the promise from a few years ago was the one about leaving Japan after meeting ken Watanabe 😂 good luck this December can't wait to see the new content!
The man baited us into thinking it was a leaving japan/quitting youtube only to hit us with the most hype announcement possible
I've been a long time Abroad in Japan fan since the early days of Journey across Japan and I was always partial to the early simple videos of the series, with Chris biking through Niigata finding the little hints of beauty in the area, so this series is a dream come true.
Challenge for CDawg: you have to skip every where for next 2 hours
Has Chris been to every prefecture yet ?
People saying that Chris "does not release enough content" have yet to learn that there is such a thing as "quality over quantity" in my opinion. I gladly take any in-depth and original material Chris puts out every now and again over a weekly/rushed/cliche video (of which I don't think he has ever produced one). Chris' documentaries with Watanabe Ken, about the aftermath of the Fukushima disaster among others are top notch and I for one wish he would produce more of those.  Having typed that, of course I am all in for three weeks of trekking around Tohoku. 💯 Visited it once and will return there the next time I get to Japan. Seriously underrated region of Japan. Good luck Chris. Looking forward to this Journey Across Japan. ♥
lol Ken is always watching
What can I say except PEEEEEETEEEEE LETS GOOOOOOO
Will there be too much volcano, tho?
I love everything about this video, I'm happy you having fun <3
Chris, did you invite Ken Watanabe to join you and the crew on Journey Across Japan? I think he would join you. I really do believe that. All you have to do is ask. 🙏
Good luck Chris!
Can’t wait for the new series 🎉
Can't wait for the new journey across Japan(also, five years and I've just realized that journey across Japan becomes JAP when abbreviated which is a nice fact)   It's been so much fun to watch you and the channel grow throughout the years and I can't wait to see even more of your journey.   I'll be back dec 1st I guess
あなたのチャネルを好きです。簡単理解をしています
I'd like to thank you for all of your hard work, your efforts and your generosity in sharing your time and experiences. Hope you and your colleagues go as far as you seek to go and get to live out a happy and enjoyable life no matter what you choose.
Nice face (Looking forward to the vids in December)
I can not wait for this series!
Can’t wait! I’m going to japan early next year for just week+2day travel, so need to binge watch the channel.
Honestly I'm super excited! I can't wait to see how this journey goes and I'm stoked to come along for the ride. Your content is so amazing and I can't wait for more of it
I honestly don't care about the pace of uploads. Do it in your own time, because no matter how quickly they come, they're always interesting and well worth the watch.  Good luck on the next trip, and have fun!
Bring Garnt along too :(
I love a good Japanese trip 😇 looking forward to it 👍
From 10 things not to do in Japan to here. Crazy seeing you grow
I vacation to Japan frequently, but always stick between Hiroshima - Kansai - Nagoya - Tokyo. Would love to have a better idea of what to visit if going to north Japan next time.
We love your videos and you're good at making them.  You don't need to do anything diffrent
Yaaaaaaaaay!!!
Thank you... mega :)
You've mastered the clickbait thumbnail that vaguely implies you have a terminal disease.
Cant believe how long it's been ! I remember subscribing during your first journey across Japan. So amazing how much you've done and can't wait to watch more !!
Crazy how long I have been watching your contents… I grew up with it
Looking forward to it. :)
OMG!!! SO excited for this!!! YES!!!
What a way to celibrate the end of my exams I finish on the first
I liked Ellen as the guest. I learned a lot of Japanese words
Ok Chris, lets do it.
Really looking forward to it Chris! Hope it's an enjoyable time for you. Take care on your trip!
journey across japan is absolutely amazing, but our journey with the channel is also something that a lot of us hold so near and dear to our hearts; being able to see parts of japan that seemingly no one, big or small, has shined a light on to our eyes and sharing its culture, food, and people in such an intimate way makes watching your videos so immersive and fun. thank you for everything you do chris, and everyone else behind the scenes as well (ganba editors!!!)
Chris, hiring an editor or editing team will turn out to be the smartest thing you've ever done. I love producing, scripting, directing and I am a DOP who loves to edit, but editing is just a HUGE time suck and it's really hard to edit well when you're exhausted. Most editors I work with are far better editors than I am too so why not let them shoulder the load? You are far too successful to one man band any longer, build up your team of editors and you're life will improve immeasurably. And your content will be better.
I'm really looking forward to the new series. I'm going through Tohoku in February/March next year, and can't wait 🙂
Just realised, following some stalking, that we’re exactly the same age and both went to UKC! I lived in Purchas Court and studied Eng Lit - wonder if we ever brushed shoulders! Keep up the good work
YESIR
Kinda excited not gonna lie
I don’t know why but I’m very offended that Pete is 3rd on the list for best American friend 😅. He should be first! Lol
Never a dull moment with Natsuki. The first Journey Across Japan was how I first discovered your channel. It really opened my eyes to what  Japan has to offer.
Cant wait!
Natsuki is such a cool friend
Its funny and a little sad, the more popular you get, on yt, the more distend you get to your followers. less popular, a few speaks to you, you can read and maybe answer!. popular!, thousands talk to you, you can't read all, and answer less. keep up the good work u do.
I'm really hyped! And I'm glad that you hired an editor team, if this means more of your content without you burning out :D
I love the shot of you on a tv looking like you’re about to die on a bicycle with the family sitting there in their living room with their popcorn🥰❤️
CHRIS-SAN hear me out! All of the previous serieses are hard to find on your channel cause u don't put the series name in thetitle,! Why not?  Why not put like non stop north episode 1, 2 etc, and also put overarching name telling what u did, it's just would be much better to rewarch and it would feel more like a tv series❤❤❤  Upd: for example - Hokkaido special,  I can't find it, nothing rings the bell on the title nor on the thumbnails
The editor from 6:08 is actually just twenty years old, but spent two days working with Chris. The photo was taken seconds before he lost it.
Pete moved to number 3 who is one and 2 now?
woooooohooooo get the popcorn ready! :) can't wait!
Best decision i could hear, yay. NEVA LEAF JAPAN YOU FAT!
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! JOURNEY ACROSS JAPANNNNN
It's like an Abroad in Japan advent calender
slow food
super excited for this! My best friend and I actually just planned to visit Japan for the 1st time in January, and I’ll be documenting it all and putting on YouTube for memory’s sake. I’ll definitely be using your videos for advice❤
I'm more excited for the new JAJ than I am for Christmas. After its release, I called the very first JAJ the best series on YouTube and, even though I still stand by these words, since then your videos have only gotten better. It may sound silly in the comment under the video, but you was first creator that showed me Japan and really gave me the dream of traveling around it. Thanks for your work! Keep it up!
yay !
Well the clickbait certainly worked on me. That thumbnail + that title and I was almost sure "that's it, bye japan, I'm working on a farm in Britain now" was gonna be what this video amounts to.  Glad it's not, tho.
nice one bruvah
ALICE Fiction. Quick JP puzzle game and crazy weird  chats
It's cool that this years Journey Across Japan has such an interesting destination and theme. I suppose the end goal of Sakata comes as inspiration from the book, which I have read. Personally, I felt you skipped through the last six years a little compared to the indepth study of your first four years in Japan. But, I understand the reason why that is the case. You were nostalgic, and the past six years were dominated by YouTube so going more indepth than the highlight reel might have been a bit much, maybe?
I'd love to see a video where you leave Japan and go back to your country and make videos there and act as an immigrant.
This sounds so sick, i can't wait
i been subscribed for years, helped me start learning english back in 2016 when i got your video reccomended to me, which never had any english speakers, picked up a few words, took it seriously in 2018 got a tutor and 5 years later i am a semi pro 💪🌝 i had alot of fun seeing you grow and do great things for all your viewers, happy for you, Thank you chris それを維持する! 🌺
That thumbnail aged you up 10+yrs. Wow
It’s gonna be so upsetting when we start to see white hairs on his beard / hair
Ive never been more anxious to click on a video of one of my favourite youtubers. lol
Go at your pace in your comfort zone.
Your videos have a genuineness to them that is always great to see. Keep not being fake and thanks for the entertainment
YEAHHHHHHH, let’s gooooooooooo
5 years since JAJ started?  New studio sets?! Natsuki getting grey hair?!?!?!  WTF is life anymore?!?!?!?!?!?!!!
I loved the Fact that you called Connor Monke Man is brilliant 😂
Snow bikes?
Damn boi you looking worn out
I almost forgot how visual your descent into madness was during that first journey. Genuinely glad you are not stupid enough to do that to yourself again lol
Looking forward to it ♥♥♥
YES!!! So excited! Being a patron for you is worth every penny. You have the best videos. Can’t wait to see CDawgva suffer 😂
We are coming from Europe to meet you along your journey: challenge, meet us!
I'm excited for the new series! And...an automobile is probably a good idea. See if you can spot some bears! We used to call editors "cutters." Because film was literally cut. (I'm old.)
So exciting! <3
exciting!
When does Natsuki Across Japan happen?
hype!
we want to see japan snow weather
Can't wait for the series to start.
The original JAJ was 5 years ago already?? Time does imdeed fly when having fun. -wheee!
you should hire me, i would love to be your camera man
Get a bright coloured car. That way you will be easy to follow with the drone and easy to find when you get snowed in in some ditch up north during a blizzard.
I get to watch Gojira: Minus One *and* Journey Across Japan on the same day?! Double the cinematic masterpieces!    This will be wonderful. I've always been impressed with how often you get content out considering it's high quality, but having more will also be a blessing. Here's hoping to some form of a sequel to Too Much Volcano, perhaps... >.>
i like this, i support this, with a like per episode
I've been following you since what feels like 2016-17, when I first moved to China, although the countries are totally different, I fell in love with Japan in my half year there, and always felt a connection with your experience since I was teaching English as well.  It's awesome to see that you've fully succeeded and continue to.  I still remember the video of Natsuki finding you drunkenly on the street and forging a neverending friendship.  I've made some of those lifelong drunk friends as well.  Keep it up, you're awesome.  I'm planning to invest in Japan so if I see you guys filming, I'll be sure to scream something and ruin that take!
Super excited for another amazing Journey across Japan!! With the usual entertaining guest stars, although shame Ellen won't be in, she was a bit of a hidden gem.
Bro is like a super Sayian, coming back stronger!
Omg i almost cried when you said its coming out the 1st of december, my december will be fantastic😭
Hello, Chris! I've been watching your videos since like 2012 when I was going through my "small time english speakers in japan vlog" phase. Glad you've made it this far and have been able to make cool stuff consistently. Thanks for allowing me to live in Japan vicariously through you!
FINALLY CONNOR IN A JOURNEY ACROSS JAPAN EPISODE
I'm happy you've decided to stay with your 'traditional' format, lots of creators see going from YT to TV or streaming sites as an elevation, and yes it may be because bigger teams, bigger budgets and the like, but the whole charm that people started watching for was because of that YT-centric style. Maybe it had a high production value but that style that comes from the YT format is, IMO, more personal, and I think that acknowledgement is what keeps bigger creators more grounded, it's like remembering your roots I think.  Anyway, can't wait for more stuff Chris, try not to knacker ya sen too much :D
I visited Japan for the first time last month and I made a side trip to Sendai just because of your videos, Chris. I wish I'd planned for more than two days because the city was lovely.  I'm looking forward to discovering more great destinations for my next trip in this new Journey Across Japan series.
You don't need to do daily videos because wouldn't have time to watch them all.
Where is Garnt? We are still waiting for “Taking for Garnted” 😢
Not only am I thrilled that you plan to do this, I am even more thrilled that you are embracing what got you where you are and doubling down instead of changing into an entirely different thing like so many have done and failed. Can’t wait for the new adventure! NOBODY MONKEY!! 😎👍🏼
Good luck, mate
Modern Kei cars/vans are awesome! The older ones can be a little rough though. It's actually pretty amazing what they can fit in such small packages. Looking forward to watching the next JAJ series.
Super hyped for this!!!!!!!
YES cannot wait
I'll leave a like on the video first, then watch it when I'm awake later on. It's bloody 5:08am here
Is there a list for previous challenges somewhere? I can't remember all but I don't wanna suggest something that has been made before...
I'm curious to know how many challenges will be just asking for a Connor and Chris fan fiction BL drama 😍
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEAH HYPE!!! The first journey was the best!!!
Can’t wait for it! Was worried this was going to be the typical youtuber burn out video. Very happy to see it’s the exact opposite!
Can't wait to see the newest journey, especially since we get Natsuki! And as someone who visited Japan in the 1970s, I love your '70's room!
Best Christmas present I could have asked for. Journey across Japan had been some of my favorite content on YouTube for a long time now.
I will always prefer quality over quantity, though I know the mighty Algorithm doesn't agree.   This new series does sound a lot like the quality content I subscribe for.
THAT WAS 5 YEARS AGO!!??? 😭😭😭
Thank God for Natsuki... love that man.
Mr. Affable is the best when he's enjoying himself - cheers for the future Chris!
I’m so excited for this!
good plan for the high CPM month of december! Looking forward to it.
I'm so excited. Your videos are amazing!
Aomori!
Was waiting when journey across Japan for Tohoku,always want some recommendations or places to visit. Can’t wait for your video next week!
reminds me of that film vacation :D
Why am I crying 😭? I love you and Natsuki's friendship ❤
Very cool! Looking forward to following along. Cheers Chris, have fun man.
so excited for this !!
so happy to see this come back!!! Chris keep doing what you want to do, best of luck!
I live for Natsuki's Japanglish musings
Woohoo more Abroad content! Cool trip with cool people, looking forward to it. RIP editors though ☠
Dear Chris,  i appreciate every single one of your videos, no matter how long is inbetween them.  Please don't overwork yourself and only do as much as you feel comfortably doing.  Sincerly someone who suffered earlier this year from mental pressure. <3
Been watching on and off since 2014 since I was in high school!the progression of the channel has been amazing
Thumbnail made it look like you and Charlotte were breaking up jeez don't do this to us!
I really enjoyed the first trip. Certainly if you bring someone with you to film and don't edit anything it's perhaps kind of doable. Or just do the trip and then edit the stuff after the fact maybe.
When I discovered the first Journey Across Japan series I was in a dark place, and that playlist of videos was super helpful for me. For all its difficulties it had incredible charm, though it’s kind of silly the classic sign off of “wherever you are in the world” always made me feel seen. It’s dear to my heart and so I’m SO excited to see you’re new-and-improved take on the daily video road trip. YOUVE GOT THIS CHRIS!!!! <3
I know it was a struggle for Chris but the first Journey Across Japan felt so good to watch. I love the whole series, but the original was also when I started watching the channel and I have so many good memories from that time. I always get back to it from time to time, just to have that feeling again, it's definitely my favorite series. Also, having a new series always gets me excited, can't wait for it to start.
Can't wait! It's gonna be awesome!
Do one in Eastern Hokkaido. I loved it up there.
Great to hear, your excitement, and YES getting to see more of Japan with your own unique hosting mix warmness, narcissisms, and jabs  👍🏻😎
Natsuki crawling out from under the table... looks like he has lots of experience lol
Love it! Can't wait! My body is ready!
I am soo excited for this series! I loved the original series and i know this one will be just as fun! I also just got done with the book so thos feels even more special as an redemption arc.
i originally found you back from the first series, as I was very deep in my fixation on Japan (autistic with special interest in everything japan) and areas you normally don't see in every travel vid, and you've kept on showing such scenes since <3 we know the struggles of making content, but I always found time to watch any new vid you had uploaded and just chilled with others! So looking forward to it!
Are you YouTuber?
Watching this while visiting Japan, inception! 😂
How about something similar for that rarely visited prefecture Kyushu?  Beautiful place, lovely people. Let everyone know there is something to the west of Osaka (and not just Hiroshima).
3rd best poor PremierWho
Can't wait for the next chapter! Good luck with the new series 😁 Looking forward to all the madness, mayhem and laughs!
I AM SO EXCITEDDDDDDDDDD LET'S GO
Really?  5 years since the very first Across Japan?  Boy did time really fly.
we love you and all the content you make Chris, you rock! 🫶
😂😅🎉🎉🎉
❤❤❤ I’m really excited for this one because I prefer less populated areas that aren’t normal tourist destinations. If I ever make it to Japan I will be heading to the middle and northern regions for sure.
Natsuki is seriously a national treasure.  Cracks me up!
I love Journey Across Japan 🗾 👘 and I'm really looking forward to all of the episodes and behind the scenes footage. Excellent guest line up. Good luck Chris on your most challenging adventure 🫶🏯⛩️🇯🇵
I’m excited for the next chapter but when is the video of you and Natsuki in Osaka coming out?
you could always do shorts from older or more obscure videos youve made if you really want to put out videos every single day without stressing too much lol
"I don't like Bicycle"  Based  Abiut the "distance with the audience" I feel peoole keep coming to the channel despite the non-daily uploads exactly because you're one of the few channels that hasn't distanced from the root audience as you grew. You have always been genuine from the start, not trying to bend yourself to please people, and that's why the audience doesn't feel distant. The channel still feels the same in that regard. This is what builds up a loyal audience and it's only fair.
Well you could always start over things! Maybe create a new channel like abroad in France or Germany! Theres numerous amounts of things to do!
Love the beautiful Studios that you have. It would be amazing to have a place like that and be able to just go through those studios and relive those times. As for the next journey across japan, so stoked especially cause you mentioned Dr.Jelly. Cant wait to see what you guys come up with this time 🤩
Wait who bumped Pete down to third place? Was it Ludwig?
real
Super excited for new daily series can’t wait
Excited for the new seriws. Will miss Petey Donaldson though.
Nice! Can't wait until December 😊
the original journey across japan on bike is the greatest series ive ever seen on youtube because of the authenticity of it
Garnt is still "Taken For Garnted".
I'm so excited and looking forward to this. I've been watching since your 1st video and absolutely love your content. ❤
Tohoku has always been on my radar, I cannot wait to see all the fun and unique places so I can plan my own holiday there (maybe with less ridiculous challenges...) Looking forward to watching another slow descent into madness as you guys travel!
This was an awesome video, thanks Chris
Maybe You can't bike through the snow efficiently but You could "cross-country-ski" through Japan?
Tbh I'd be good with 1 or 2 videos a week I love seeing places you normally don't see from others
We, my wife Christine and I, produced a television show on a network of 100 television stations from 1995 to 2005. Unfortunately we had no revenue production even though we had a few videos on you tube, camera persons and television stations stole our tapes, tried to blame e for cameras they broke and were using federal public television funds to film weddings, etc.  various people tried to steal our productions. One thing early on I realized I could not do everything.  I needed someone to edit my work. Glad you, Chris Broad have come to this conclusion on your own. Television production takes a team effort.
Challenge for Natsuki: No smoke on the trip
"NICE face. SAME face. DOO DOO DOO DO DOOOO"
Awesome
What a nice Christmas series
:0
I'm so happy for you man. Seeing you being good friends with the gang, going on all these exploring journeys, becoming the best at what you do, achieving dreams and all of that from that fist video in a small apartment with an ok camera all by yourself on this unknown foreign country. It's really inspirational and I just wished I had your courage
Natsuki is such a top lad man. You should show him the UK one day
I can't wait!!
W CAST FOR THE NEXT CHAPTER LETS GOOO!❤
You’re always good you’re always real❤
Hell yes I can't wait for this!
Not putting out enough content…? Dude I thought you’d been doing pretty good! Certainly more than I can do.  Can’t wait for your new tour through the north country, as my sister in law is from Aomori and I’d love to see it someday.  Congrats and I can’t wait to see 2024 here. Ganbatte!
Uncle Chris, you've lost weight!!!! Good!!
I actually think weekly or bi-weekly would be a good pace for uploads over daily in the bigger picture/ outside the special event. Too much content can sometimes end up hurting more than helping - Looking at you Disney. Haha
Looking forward to the series......heading to Aomori on Saturday for a few days in Hachinohe and Sannohe. Great part of the world!!
I'll just get it out of the way, make another commercial with the one and only Doctor Jelly
I see that physique Chris, guess that challenge to get abs before December is working well 👀👀
I can't believe it's been 5yrs since I saw journey across Japan ouch that hurts 😂 but yeah you did promise but I still enjoyed what you did afterwards.
ITS BEEN 5 YEARS???!!!   damn time flies, and im getting old 😱
The original Journey Across Japan was magical.  I don't think viewers should force Chris to chase the dragon, nor should he feel like that himself.  It was just the right timing and circumstances for all that chaos to come together.  This trip sounds like a lot of fun, and hopefully I can catch it along the way.
Japan is a gift to the world. PS. I hope you once do the regional yokai tour, visiting famous yokai places and listen to local stories on folklore and mythology of old Japan. Cheers friend!
The fact that discrimination is so validated amongst Latin American circles is really gross. Do you hear some of yourselves? “You’re not a REAL Latina. Gringa! (foreigner/outsider)” This is the same rhetoric extremist groups like Nazis used to oust anyone who wasn’t “Aryan German” enough. I mean what the fuck guys. Don’t even reply if you’re going to defend bigotry, ‘cause I’m not gonna read that shit. 😭
The moment natsuki said that youve gone up in quality the video buffered for me and the quality went down 😂
The place is looking great and I always enjoy your videos! Natsuki is truly a "free spirit" kinda guy, isn't he?! Absolute legend!
This is going to be an epic journey, guys. Looking forward to the videos.  I love how Natsuki just looks more and more like a deranged mangaka as time passes and grey hair starts covering his head.   "Hello, good night, f... off". What a legend.
please dont burn yourself out<3 we support u
Idk if I’m going crazy but I thought the Chris Japanese movie poster was Ludwig lol
vintage k car for extra fun?
I ate a cucumber avacado salad, with no salad. Also some hot peppers. It was delicious. Thanks dude for allowing me to enjoy it while I watched you. God bless and I hope your next journey goes well Chris.
I'm excited for this! You're doing great with the channel Chris, really looking forward to seeing this series.
So excited for this segment let’s gooooooooo!
HYPE
I'm super stoked about this new series!  I think the first journey across japan series was the point where I was really hooked on your channel, and I can't wait for more!  As someone who's plan is to spend a month or more in Japan soon, I really enjoy all the content you put out that is not just about Tokyo or the other main tourist spots!
How fun! I’m so excited for this!
Will be great to see the next rendition
れつごおおお!
December is gonna be so fucking fun!
Northern Japan is great. In my trip to Japan that was some of my favorite locations.
oh yeah, this could be pretty good actually, yeah ohh
I just sent in my challenge, hopefully I'll be picked!
literally this morning I was thinking to myself "man journey across japan was epic i hope it happens again," then this video gets recommended to me.... speechless.
No dog drawn snow carts?
Sounds awesome! Thanks for the hard work to bring us top tier content ♥
Can’t wait 🎉❤
I'm very excited. Journey Across Japan is the best
wheres gigguk?
I am SO SUPER EXCITED to hear all this! All of my favourite people every day! 🤩  Thank you Chris for all of your amazing videos! I have always been interested in Japan, but also very nervous about going there as I didn't know what to expect or how to behave,silly I know. But watching your videos and all your friends has truly solidified a deep love of Japan and all their culture! And I cannot wait to one day be lucky enough to go there! 🥰  Everyone here wishes that your journey will be safe, full of laughs and fun, and lead to many many more! 🥳  安全な旅 Anzen'na tabi 😃
Hello Chris & Natsuki (sorry about the spelling of names) I love your videos because they are a fantastic, entertaining & a fascinating window into a world that alot of us will never experience, I'm glad you are going to do more videos, but even if you don't make videos every day, no worries, it's alot of work, and effort and also not everyone is on youtube every day so no worries maye, all the best, big love to you and all involved. ❤
It seems that we need that label renamed to cigarette time..(Not like I would notice a difference😁) Awesome new studio!!
Everyone needs a Natski and an American Pete around
Daily videos would give such a big smile to my face! But even if it wasn't daily, i would rather get a video per week, edited than live streaming, its just too chaotic and all over the place.
So excited for this mannn
I'll always be watching as long as you continue to care about making the stuff you want to make.
YES, MORE JOURNEY ACROSS JAPAN!!
That was a whole lot of talking about a topic that could've been a tweet.
YESSSSSSS🎉😂😢
Wow this is going to be blast I hope I catch them all on time haha.
Thats really cool😁 cant wait, love the content you make🫶
Hell yeah can't wait to see new crazy adventures.
Chris is getting old isn't he, we can see the wrinkles on his face now 😂
“Nice face.” 😂😂😂
all the best for the new journey i bet its gonna be great
Congratulations Chris, the set looks amazing. All the years of hard work are showing in just how great the productions are. Don't feel pressured to increase content output though, take your time and make what you want because that's where you're at your best. Looking forward to more journeys.
Thats what im talking Thats why he is the MVP Thats why he is the GOAT the GOAT
Hell yeah, I can’t wait for this new series ❤
Amazing! Wish I could be there lol
My mom is from Aomori prefecture and grew up near Hirosaki.  I hope you hit that area.  The last time I was in Japan was 2002.  Your videos inspire me to get off my ass and start planning a trip back.  Thanks Chris!
Seeing Natsuki so happy and having a genuine reaction to the hair salon was an absolute precious moment.
damn pops
thanks for this. good luck!
Nonsense.  I remember when you goal was to have more subscribers than "Simply Red".  Maybe with this new endeavor you will (joking, I just checked and you did surpass "Simply Red".
I'm so glad I found you through Trash Taste back in 2020, when I was feeling the worst of the loneliness of the work from home cycle. Having the original Journey Across Japan to distract me from the prison that had become my apartment and the solitude of not being able to see my family and friends as much as I used to really helped me out a ton. Here's this guy, just going out into the world and doing nothing but cycling for months on end all while trying to be entertaining at the same time but slowly going mad with exhaustion and pain over the course of the trip. Very cathartic in the sense that I had been feeling something similar but in reverse, getting stuck inside for months at a time with nothing to distract myself except for work and the internet and slowly getting depressed through loneliness and isolation (and people say introverts don't need social interaction xD).  Honestly I can say that you are one of the reasons why I did not sink further into the deepest pits of my mind and I cannot thank you enough for it.  It is my dearest hope that this new season of the Journey can recapture some of that adventurous spirit that has been somewhat missing in the other seasons as those trips were more planned out in terms of activities and time. And even if it doesn't I'll still be there watching every single one because I know you and your team will try to make it as good as your usual stuff!  On a lighter note, I'm very glad you're not going full nostalgia and hopping on a bike again. I'm sure you've had your fill of cycling this year with Connor's cycling charity drives ;)
Good luck, Chris! Honestly, you're gonna need it! Take care of yourself, it's going to be an amazing trip (for us) and an exhausting adventure for you. Looking forward for more amazing content!
fuck daily videos for the sake of daily videos. i think the only reason was that people thought this would be great for the algorithm at some point, then it was shorts and/or long formats...idc. do whatever is best for your channel and your work/lofe balance and never change for any other reason than you want to.
Challenge idea for Dr. Jelly - He should make an advert bashing a rival company.
i am very exited for the next journey across japan.
i am so hyped for this. the og journey across japan was so magical(of course the recent ones were awesome as well), and I'm getting a feeling this one will also capture that nostalgic magical feeling.
Chris, you are WAY better than Netflix, and certainly than the BBC!
Can't wait to see the winter countryside! It will be beautiful and cold!!!
already loving the friends you plan to bring with you on this journey! i'ma go binge your journey across japan for the third time
I wonder how it will turn out. Daily uploads, edited by someone other than chris? Crazy end of the year special. Cant wait :)
Don't edit your own videos this time mate, we know how that turned out.  Edit; He won't. Literally 5 seconds later in the video.
Honestly, I always looked forward to new episodes of JAJ the most, thus this announcement excites me :) I just hope, that the daily uploads won‘t negatively influence your health. Besides, how easy would it be to visit Japan including Tokyo, Hiroshima and more rural parts of Tohoku comfortably within 3 weeks?
I first found your channel in 2014 when I was considering a study abroad year to Japan. I continued watching you when I was on that study abroad, and watched you while I moved and lived there for 7 years afterwards. Now, I'm back home in the UK and your videos fill me with such nostalgia from that life I'm missing there. Thank you so much for everything you've done and I hope you continue doing this for a long time to come.
I think u don't need to worry too much about the amount of content that you bring out. it may not be to many videos, but every one of them is absolute peak quality. but obviously i am all in for more, so I'm Hyped for the Non stop north Episodes.
When I saw the thumbnail and title....I was scared this video was going to be announcing the end of the channel
Before watching the video I was worried Chris would move out of Japan. Idk though, I think Abroad in Brazil or something would go hard.
Nice, can't wait
keep doing what you love chris, cuz it's awesome
amazing as usual, thank you Chris!!
I'm so looking forwards to the new Journey across Japan. I absolutely adore the original JaJ: the randomness, the chaos, but most of all, the beauty of spontaneous Japan. That series helped me decide to study Japanese Studies at university and now, five years later, it still is probably my favourite series on youtube. For my second year of Japanese Studies I went on exchange in Nagasaki, and during summer vacation I made a trip through the Touhoku prefectures, so I hope the next JaJ can recapture the magic I felt that time.
Can not wait for Dec 1. Loved all of your Journeys. The audio book was amazing. You are talented and entertaining. Bring it on!
This is probably crazy, but just in theory, if someone (for example me) was to travel to see Japan sometime next year, would it be possible to meet with you Chris even if for a little while?
Aw man, I wanted to see another mental breakdown     Real shit looking forward to you bumming across Tohoku in a Honda Beat or Autozam AZ-1
Your new studio looks amazing!
How old is Natsuki, is he 60 now or something? God I have gotten old lmao, and Chris is so fucking Fit now, what is this, insane how things change :D
That thumbnail makes him look fucking ancient.
sounds like the new journey is gonna be a bunch of fun, would love to learn about how you plan to do the video file management  workflow if the editor will not be in traveling with you, like will it be transferred over the web and edited via proxies ect.. or something else
I have no words for how happy and excited I am
"Hello, hello, good night, fuck off." it says it all xD Brilliant stuff.
Why does Chris look like he has aged 10 years. I hope this year hasn’t been stressful for you.
Chris I have the utmost confidence in you and the team on this. You and your friend’s in Japan make great videos. I’ve watched all your specials and enjoyed every single one. I do want more videos but don’t kill yourself man, people that really love your channel will always come back! Good luck Chris have a safe journey.
Saw your book on sale in Greenwich. I thought about buying but I thought, nah
man i missed all the original journeys, this is very very exciting!
OHHHHH FRICKKKK YEAHHHHHHHH I AM SOOOOO EXCITED!!!!!!! I was here for every Journey Across Japan and even wayy before that and I LOVED every single one of those! Going back to the original journey across japan series format, the spontaniousness, the adventure! i will be here and ready to watch
Wonderful vacation videos! These actions will match your recent interview by Japanese reporter on authentic you are to Japan.👏👏👏
Please get some sleep my dude
I'm struggling to not type some very colorful words in this here comment section... video was thoroughly enjoyable, the usual good vibes, some reminiscing about the good and the bad, a bunch of introspection but holly mother of everything that title got me good I went into the vid thinking the end was upon us. I'm glad you still enjoy what you do because that's always been the main attraction of these vids you make, honesty and fun and some good old silly shenanigans while sometimes even being educational, sometimes maybe even by accident. Recipe for success.
I think it's great that you show that Japan is more then Tokyo, Osaka and Kyoto. I also think your channel does make a difference in people planning their own Journey across Japan. And let's be honest, most of the 1% travelling the north, are probably because of your channel.
Thanks for everything you did, do, will do. Your channel has brought the most amazing content to me I have seen. Appreciate the hard work too. Sometimes I watch these and think to myself wow all these unlucky bastards will never see these gems.
sup chris how yr going mate
I am so excited for this! It's your version of advent calendar! Best of luck! I hope you make some of the most amazing memories and share those with us :) <3
Just walk around in Japan and I will be watching it, love your videos :)
I am excited to see what is going to come. And since it's going to snow I suggest you ditch the kei car and bikes for some cross country skis.
Can't wait for the new series, Chris. Love your Journeys content as it's the countryside and less visited places I want to see. I feel it shows a more authentic Japan. Good luck with the project mate 🎉
I got scared for a sec thinking this will be a completely different series but I am so glad to find out it's not.  Good luck on your journey and I can't wait to be there every single day!
Cant wait. I look forward to every Journey Across Japan
Can’t wait for the new series!!
❤
I can't wait! I've followed you since 2016 and I've loved all the content you've put out. Just finished listening to your amazing book.  Looking forward to a new journey!
your hair sucks, but good luck
To be honest, one thing I've always liked about your channel Chris is that you don't feel the need to pump out content. You might not release a video often, but every time you do I know it's going to be a really interesting and well executed idea that I actually want to watch. So many channels just throw videos out for the sake of it and most of what they do is just forgettable.
Take your time on the vlogs. You’ve paid your dues, and you don’t need to prove anything to anyone. Quality work speaks for itself. Also, don’t forget snow tires and ask the locals in the tohaku area what to do there. In addition, I think you should do videos on Japanese history. Like pop culture, and life back in the 70s in Japan, 60s, 80s, and so on. Japan is just so rich in history and culture. Also, Natsuki is definitely a TRUE friend. 💯💯
I can see a lump on your throat @ 10:37...just hope its nothing.
Hi Chris, you probably won't see this, but you've inspired me to set off on my own journey to Japan.  After my fiance passed away in 2019, I lost a lot of my drive and purpose in life and, frankly, became listless.  After watching travel vlogs and expat channels (especially yours) during the pandemic, i decided to take a chance on something new.  I'm 35, but in 2024 will move to Tokyo to complete a 2 year international MBA and hopefully more.  Just know, not only are you entertaining, you're also inspiring.  Thank you for your dedication to travel and the constant search for new experiences. Edit: Thank you for all the extremely kind replies.  They inspire me even more.  Peace and love to all of you.
"We won't be able to bike because it's snowing" 🤨  Oulu has entered the chat. ❄🚴  Looking forward to the new series!
So you're doing it in a Suzuki Twin? good luck with that!
comment for the algorithm
Keep it up! The content you create, direct, and produce is always wonderful to experience!
Every video of yours is a delight for the eyes and ears! The humor, the people, the places. Always a nice and comfort time to watch you travel! At some point I even started to show your videos on my english lessons to my teacher! She is really enjoying them! Thanks Chris for all those years of content! Can't wait for more!
Looking forward to it! Maybe you can convince my gf to visit some place other than Tokyo, Kyoto and Osaka on our two week trip next year hehe
Hopefully it's not nonstop in the non non biyori sense (the final season)
I love every one of guests but nobody can beat American Pete, that dude is just something else
Whenever I see a video,i watch....=content.
I just cant wait for all the new episodes and fun times 😢 thank you for doing this to us!! You are the one and only creator keeping me from depression right now 😂
I love all the Journey across Japan series but my absolute favorite is the first one you did and that is when I found your channel.   There was more of a feeling of an amazing adventure with struggles and both happy and less happy moments in the first series which made it that great! It was truly exciting!  Keep up the great work Chris! We look forward to your next adventure 😊.
I just figured out this guy's name is actually "Broad." It's literally a Broad in Japan. Not to be confused with a broad in Japan. That would be Sharmeleon....  ;o)  Maybe someday it will be Two Broads in Japan. My head hurts.
Absolutely hyped. The Pete and Monkey segments are gonna definitely be my highlights.
I'm excited for the series but also slightly worried about the consistency with the videos since presumably gonna be a least few different people handling different episodes
I love you Chris
been here since the first Journey Across Japan started. Great seeing you and your channel evolve.
The thumbnail looks like he's about to drop the hottest apology video of the decade
It could be Journey Across a Pond and Abroad in a Beanbag and I would still love your content Chris.😅  Love you mate and Godspeed for what’s next!😊
Go skiing....not with Roisotoro, cause that's cheating ;)
Legend says that one day, Garnt will appear on Journey Across Japan to fullfill Taken For Garnted
Can’t wait for the new series
Reading the comments and watching the intro to the video made me think you were quitting YouTube, thank god I was wrong, can't wait for these series!
So excited for this new leg of Journey Across Japan! My fiance and I are actually flying into Tokyo on the 26th of November, and this is something we've dreaming of for years. Your videos have been so helpful and inspiring to us as we've been preparing for this trip. ❤
This is awesome, so stoked for what is to come! Thanks for all the great Video's!
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE FIT? What did you do? O.O
Excited for what's ahead Chris! Looking forward to it!
Been here since 2018 although a silent supporter, but I love your content Chris  from exquisite Hotel tours to Journey Across Japan to Exploring local cuisines and your impeccable knowledge about Japan. Thank you for everything and Keep up doing the good work and looking forward ahead to your adventures. ❤❤❤
The original Journey Across Japan is the reason I included the Shimanami Kaido cycle route on my recent Japan trip. I thoroughly recommend it to everyone. Thanks, Chris! And here's to the next chapter. December can't come soon enough 🙂
I think a lot of us would happily say to you Chris "it's not the quantity of video's it's the quality" and if there was an award for the greatest video's on YouTube then you should easily win it! Your passion for your content is what makes each video that much more special to watch! The effort you and the ABIJ team go to provide incredible content is commendable. Yes in your eyes the original JAJ wasn't quite a success but in essence it was a fantastic series despite you slowly losing your mind over it. I look forward to the next JAJ I'm sure (as usual) it will be epic but remember not to push yourself! if you can do daily uploads then that's great otherwise does it matter? All of us who love ABIJ will be just as excited for the next vid even if we do have to wait for it. On the bright side at least this time round you won't be peddling yourself to death!  lol
Takeshi's Castle? No! WE WANT NATSUKI'S DUNGEON OF FUN! (SFW!) Natsuki has some crazy ideas floating about, I can smell it!
holy cow ! looking forward to it :D
Tbh your videos made me love japan. I like japan even before because of anime, figures and history. And now culture, food and Natsuki made it even more. Im not a fan of raw fish in general but seeing you guys eat sashimi and sushi really made me try and there are some that i still get squimish but im liking it a bit now.  Hoping to see more content by you guys in Abroad in Japan. 🎉🎉🎉🎉
What's your issue with Garnt? You never chill with him!
It's always a good day when a new Journey across Japan is announced!
Your studio has inspired my partner and I. we hope to adjust our living room to look like a jjapanese cyber alleyway. unfortunatly it is just a mobile home and we are on a mobile homeowner budget but i just wanted you to know that your studio has become a great inspiration for us and if you have any tips or trick for us to do similar on a very tight budget id love to know because we really have very little places to reseach. or if you have any photos or other inspiration that you used id really appreciate it <3
I heard "21 days" and immediately thought, I really hope he's not going to be on a bike for this one... I also like this 21 Days of Christmas that seems to be happening (daily challenges = adventish calendar?)
This is pure speculation but my guess is the Hybrid battery or the CVT on Chris' car has died and he is going to replace it with a kei car which is wise. I also drive a Honda fit and it's okay but I prefer my wife's Honda N-Wagon kei car for driving around the Tokyo Metro area. I'm low-key excited to see what he gets!
As a kid I used to love watching the wish you were here holiday program. When I’ve watched your videos they did remind of that but I think filmed better. Not only have you documented the places you’ve visited extremely well but you actually got me wanting to be there with you experiencing the same kind of emotions whether it was hiking through the snow forest or visiting murderous abandoned love hotels. As someone who has been dealing with social anxiety for a while it’s been a great help. Hope the comparison with wish you were here wasn’t a bad thing lol.
YEEEEEES..
You guys are too funny! Natzuki is a true friend. Love seeing this. At this point Chris, you might as well just apply for Japanese citizenship and be done with it. Japan is where you belong. Honestly, I'm envious of you and Sharla. You're living the dream! Much success to you guys. Keep pushing! 👏
Chris, I have been watching you for a very long time. I always loved the - as you say - spontaneous nature of your older videos. Not to say you don't have that now or that it's bad, but as your channel got larger and you took on more and more ambitious ideas that also turned out very well, I felt there was less of the "you and me" feel from back in the days. I didn't know what this video would be about, but when you said you been feeling the same way I got so excited. I still rewatch your original Journey Across Japan series because there's something about those videos. Maybe it's that it's primarily just you and us, or that we are with you from sunrise to sunset and it genuinely feels like we are there with you to some extent, or the unplanned/spontaneous nature of every day, like finding a completely random place to eat or doing our crazy challenges lol. I could tell how exhausting it was and while I was rooting for you the whole time, I'm glad this time you can try a better balance with the car. All the best and thank you for this.
As someone living in Tohoku, I agree that we have the best ramen, Niboshi hits different :)
2024: Travelling across Japan on a mobility scooter!
So hyped.😊
Real talk, Chris: my family and I discovered you during COVID lockdowns, and binged the vast majority of your videos. Your original content, and the very obvious passion you brought to it back then, helped get us through the other end of lockdowns as a closer family, believe it or not (that, and lots of Animal Crossing). I'm glad you're returning to some of those roots, and rediscovering the passion that made us all love your content in the first place!
Hi Chris, I just finished your book. I enjoyed it. You had a wild adventure and can't wait to see what other crazy cool things you get to achieve!
can't wait for next week :D
I literally squeed with excitement, I LOVE your Journey Across Japan series and its what brought me to your channel in the first place, and now I anxiously wait for winter for the next in the series AND ITS FINALLY HERE! Cant wait to see what challenges you encounter and what crazy Dr Jelly commericial you do, cuz you know you have to do one! Its tradition!
i LOVED the first JAJ, can’t wait!
I'd prefer quality over frequency, but above all, your health should come first!
as a japanese who've grown up in Miyagi the new JAJ series is absolutely exciting😭  i guess it's already been 6 years since i started checking your channel. i really got surprised when i found a thumbnail of Sendai station. back then, i barely understand your English (because of your accent and sarcasm) so i enjoyed bunch of your videos just as beautiful videoart.  but now, i can understand you nearly perfectly even without English auto generated subtitles and enjoy new JAJ!! How happy it is...and i still can't believe it. can't believe it like when i knew you're just one year older than me you look...whatever.  anyway, thank you for keeping posting beautiful and funny videos focusing on lots of local areas like Tohoku. i have tons of popcorn already❤
Very fucking keen
Someday you, Natsuke and Junk Food Japan should make a fake trailer for a 60’s martial arts movie. Because I need to be entertained that much.
This is great news, I've enjoyed all series of journey across Japan but the last two definitely lacked the spontaneity of the first three seasons
Keep churning up the quality content! I still watch JAJ 1 from time to time. One thing that has stuck with me from that series was the Shimanami Kaido episode, the sunset from the bridge was awesome.  Visiting Japan next month, hopefully I can visit the Shimanami Kaido trail and witness amazing sunsets. 🤞
Yay, new season of Journey Across Japan, let's goooo!
Congrats on the success Chris. Been following the channel for the better part of 10 years. Ive always enjoyed your delivery and wit, we are the same age,  and i feel ive seen so much through your channel, that inspires me to visit japan one day but STILL seems so far off. Youre the only "YOUTUBER" that ive actually bought merch from and im glad youre still trucking still making high quality content and I'll be watching!
Christmas came early! Thanks for the present. Now all we need is some KFC.
Thank you Chris for an epic birthday gift, my birthday is the 2nd so this is gonna be an awesome series to see what u do on my birthday!🎉
All of your JAJ videos are incredibly special to me. They've gotten me through some tough times and I'll be very much looking forward to this series as well!
Always look forward to your next projects whatever they may be. However the one video that originally made me subscribe was your Fukushima documentary, it was a head and shoulders above the endless vlogs that JP youtube had become.
This is going to be so cool!
Hope you get a cool vintage kei-car or at least an interesting one
Your channel has been a big part of my experiences with Japan since my first trip to Tokyo in 2017! I’m amazed by your journey and looking forward whatever happens next! 🗼
Looking forward to it.
I wanted to say, you are the first Youtuber I ever wanted to help out with Patreon! ...and someday I will have the cash to do so. I really enjoy and love your videos. Your documentaries are amazing, the Fukushima one was SO good but I like the abandoned buildings/city ones the most. You came a long way and I salute you! I hope to finally find time and read your book at Christmas time and I am looking forwart to the new Journey across Japan! PS: A nice challenge would be, to have a fotography challenge! Who gets the best shot of the area you are in? :D
Journey Across Japan is one of my favorite series here and I’m always happy whenever there’s a new episode! I can’t wait for this new trip!
Still need the taken for garnted
We love ya Chris! We will always support you as you give us a glimpse into Japanese culture, as well as travel tips and suggestions for thise planning to visit (or move) into Japan!  Please keep up the great work!
Ok OMG. You managed to combine JAJ and Chrismas INTO ONE! So proud of you for using editors and HOPEFULLY NOT WRITING A BOOK AT THE SAME TIME! :P We all look forward to it so much.
Fantastic! I can’t wait! 🙂 Love you guys!
I was kinda hoping we will finally get that gigguk collab
Longg time subscriber here! Always loved your channel and content! I wish you all the best for an amazing future!!!
awesome,  looking forward to it!! i am planning a trip to japan and i really want to explore tohoku so i think i am going to steal some of your travel plans ;)
A christmas calender 😮 best news you could bring. This is gonna be fun
Snow? What's that?
I thought you were saying bye to youtube
looking forward to it chris!
Natsuki is like a train on a railroad of happiness.
I found you around that first journey across Japan, so I’m so excited for this one!
Keep the content coming till I die please, love you long time.
The first JAJ was incredible, and I remember excitedly watching each upload the day they'd go up while studying in college. All these years later, can't wait for the next!
WOOOO !!!! cant wait for this banger series
Journey Across Japan inspired my last trip to Japan, I visited Kobe, Himeji and Hiroshima because of you and had a great time!
I haven’t even finished watching this video yet,but I’m so happy you’re returning to your roots and exploring new places and things. It’s what made me start watching 9 years ago. Congratulations and best of luck.we will be watching and cheering you folks on.
It's super badass you are going back to fulfill your promise. I think it's incredible we get the high quality content that we do as often as we do already, so I'm already thrilled. Can't wait!
Looking forward to it. I kind of miss the pre-Journey Across Japan era
You know what? Netsuke's English is really coming along! Good job,  dude.
i always love coming home from a long day at work and seeing some new content from you. and now i get a december with it can´t wait. i used to live in tokyo and working on my japanese so i can come back as soon i can. keep up the good work and i hope your december wil be a good one. love from Denmark
This is where Chris spends his journey delivering presents on his journey to the good kids and completes his transformation into Father Chris-mas
Started watching cuz the first journey across Japan so excited to see what’s next
The original Journey Across Japan is the best thing on YouTube, right up until the impossible ask of cycling 100km every day and editing a video at the end stopped being possible. The energy and spontaneity were incredible. The next installment will officially be the best thing I watch this year. Looking forward to it!
Been here since 100 subscribers, Chris rly achieved something big in his life!
Have some babies with your new wife 🤩💝
i'll have something to look forward to everyday in December
Chris Broad...delegating...?
Mousathon challange
While I would love to blame it all on Chris, the biggest reason I'm going to northern Japan next spring is because as I was looking for events and places to see around that time, there was a convenient concentration in Tōhoku, so I figured I might as well go there. Chris hyping the place made the decision easier.
Awesome, something to wait for
This will be the best Xmas calendar. Can’t wait for this
I love natsuki.
Two Journeys across Japan in one year, now that's a great early christmas present, hope you don't lose your sanity
is the destination of the nonstop north trip the town where he began as an Engrish teacher? If so, would be nice/fun to see him and his students again in a classroom and see them sharing some memories
You’re having kids??!?!? GOD BLESS!! ❤❤❤❤❤❤ I 😂❤❤ I love you guys!!
wow, Chris, looks like you've lost some weight! looks like you're hitting your goal to get into the best shape of your life!
Crazy to think it's been so long since the original JAJ. I was just finishing up my second year of uni back then and now I'm 2 years into a full time job, as well as preparing to make my first trip to Japan this December. Can't remember how many times I've rewatched your videos but I'm glad I'll finally have chance to experience some of the things you've featured in person! Excited to see how this goes and fingers crossed it's (mostly) smooth sailing!
Ah man, love to see that flashback to the journey you've had. I met you at a party with the JET crew in Tsuruoka in 2015, when I was a student in Yamaga Uni, in Yamagata City. I lived there 5 years and even though I've been away for years, my bond with Tohoku remains enormous. Such a special corner in Japan, and love that you bring exposure to this gem.
Oooh, Chris, you lost a bit of weight
Personally, I like your videos when talk about some of the silly English you come across. Also when you talk about culture and how to adapt to the culture
you never keep promises, Chris! Just ask Sharla! Just joking! LOL love you guys!!!!
4:37 OHH HELL YEAH!!!!!!!!
Literally can’t wait
nice Christopher Walken haircut
GOD LOVES YOU & SO DO I
You can do it Chris, you're the best youtuber from Kent, England!
I can't wait for this crazy monster-project! 🙌❤️🎉 It's gonna be amazing! I loved every single JAJ so far and jamming out to the opening theme at the start of every new episode makes me so happy immediately, as soon as I hear the first note! 😁 I'm sure you will have a wonderful time and can't wait to see what you, your team, your guests and everyone who sends in challenges will come up with! 😌
JAJ:nsn = epic!!! 🚴🏼‍♀️🚴‍♂️🚴🏾‍♂️  Love love the studio and  Natsuki's shop Is the very best tribute to the very best friend.
Holy shit
Love your vids, Chris. You are truly the most affable man. I hope you have the best year and best wishes to Sharla as well!
I can not wait!!😄 Lately I have been watching your videos daily befor work as a way to prepare myself for the day. I think I saw everything on the channel. I love the content you create and all the beautiful people/places I got to meet/see through your videos. I will make this series a Christmas tradition😃😃
Hearing that original Journey Across Japan was five years ago has given me an existential crisis
Imagine a sitcom or short series set in the 80s using the Abroad in Japan studio. Chris already has a great cast of characters to choose from.
Woot! Love these trips.
So hyped heypd wooot woooott
You two are so much fun together. Looking forward to this new adventure! Fingers crossed & ganbatte!
Quality over quantity is far more important, and you're doing a great job at it.
Pete keeps getting demoted. He's the 3rd best American friend now. 😂
BIKE PLUS SNOW WORK VERY GREAT OK, IM NOT ANGRY' JUST BUY STUDDED TIRE
Chris you really the best example of quality over quantity, you may not have the release schedule of some but what is certain is if you put something out you know with certaintiy it is going to be fantastic and worth evey second of watching. I am also really hoping British Pete will somehow be a surprise guest,
I heard the YouTube cpm paye a lot in December too. My boy is about to get paid lol
Honestly, i think you've become one of the many bridges of showing us Japanese culture. You have also given us hope for making friends. Where ever you go, we are there for you. Keep flying mate and take all the time you need🤗❤️
Ahhhhh I'm so excited I squealed at the screen. I can't wait! Your videos always brighten my day.
Take care of yourself man! Of course we all like to see more content. But balance is key. Enjoy your time up north! <3
I can’t wait
GOOD LUCK! 👍
When you gonna go on a Adventure with Robcdee and his livestreams. That'd be really cool to see!
Looking forward to seeing your idea come to fruition Chris, bloody good luck pal ;)
You don't understand how much I am looking forward to this!
You look so fresh and bright Chris!! Very fit and healthy 💪🏻
Chris, level up.  Do a JaJ on a mamachari😂  Seriously, I once stayed in a Nagoya guesthouse and there were three Japanese dudes who were going from Osaka to Tokyo riding mamacharis.  They said they've just graduated and wanted to do something crazy before joining the corporate rat race.  I thought it to be hilarious and moving at the same time🥲😆
You wholesome bastard😢❤
Chris didn't do NNN but NSN (Non-Stop North)
IM SO EXCITED
Every journey across japan series is amazing. Everytime one comes out Im always blown away with each video.
Chris, I’ve been watching your videos since one of your very first ones, the robot restaurant extravaganza! Always looking forward to what’s next for you and hoping you succeed. A daily JAJ will certainly make for a good December on my end, so thanks for that!
Nice work 👏
You’ve build the most impressive love hotel room I’ve ever seen ❤
Challenge Idea - the Final Dr. Jelly that could be: A) an origin story on how Dr. Jelly became Dr. Jelly Or B) it ends with Dr. Jelly retiring
"The breast hot springs."
I am really looking forward to a new Dr Jelly commercial
It's gonna be the best lead up to Christmas ever!
Brilliant, can't wait! Sounds like a great part of Japan to do it too
Can't wait! 🥳🎉🎊🥳
I am really stoked for revival of original journey across Japan!  P.S. I understand it would be a hell to sub it all, but it would be really cool to see some kind of video with you and Natsuki talking in Japanese.  I understand that he likes to talk in english, but I would really love to hear him talking about something in Japansese. Because sometimes it feels that he can't express himself fully. Maybe it could be great way for Natsuki talk about his hair saloon business.
Beyond excited for this. Living vicariously through you is always fun! Might go rewatch the original series to prepare 😁
This is so exciting. Will there be mercy for this event?
I agree with Natsuki, with that set up at the studio, you could make a series of shorts.   Like a series of short stories (as it were) using the studio, and releasing them on YT...
Very excited about this, hopefully it doesnt kill you like the first one!
I love this channel.
Not gonna lie I'm a bit disappointed. So you are just going to do the same thing you have been doing..just longer???  I thought you would actually do something completely different. I thought you would go do JAV porn. I mean there is seriously not enough white guy/japanese woman porn out there. It's a hole (pun intended) that is ready to be filled.       This is a joke people I'm not serious. 🤣
looking forward to it, hopefully chris gets a slightly sporty K-car
Yeeeees finally some content before the next cyclothon
What a pleasant surprise! Cannot wait for this Chris, definitely sounds like it will recapture the spirit of JAJ1, as amazing as the new ones have also been.
Yay!! I've been watching your channel for years! And it  was very comforting during the pandemic. Thank you Chris!!
The amount of relief I felt when you said you had an editing team oh my gosh I was gonna have a panic attack in your honor if you didnt.
This next adventure is gunna be epic 🎉🎉.  Im off to tokyo from the uk in 2 weeks to explore the many places  from your video’s. Best of luck everyone ❤❤
More Journey Across Japan, I CANT WAIT! I loved everyone one and can’t wait for more.
I'm so utterlly proud of you and look forward to another batch of amazing episodes.
Best channel on YT. Looking forward to next JAJ series!
I just realized that I’ve been watching you for almost 7 years. And now I feel old. Really old.
Looking forward to the new adventure.  Even if you don't capture the way the original series felt, I'm sure I'll enjoy it all the same, especially with the most affable man himself! ----------- As for your content being slower, I'm personally not bothered. I know it takes time to fillm, produce, and edit together all these bigger videos, which the quality and editing in such videos shows.  Glad to see you're continuing to push yourself, but know that at least a portion of your audience isn't bothered by the quality over quantity content.
Man that ken watanabe video was a banger. Made me go watch it again. Always love the content man.
Love it❤❤❤
Natsuki is looking really good! His haircut is awesome!
After I read the news on Patreon and listened to the latest podcast episode, I still loved the announcement here, as this is so exciting, yay! I can't wait to see the daily episodes, I'm sure that this will be awesome. Looking forward to seeing insane amount of snow, beautiful places, interesting people, and a lot of fun and crazy stuff with Natsuki and the rest of the guests, and it was a very wise decision to hire an editing crew as Chris you will need some rest during the next month.
You probably already bought a car for this trip, but just imagine how cool a white ae86 with a tofu shop livery would be ❤
So excited for this, been a long time fan and have been waiting for the next jaj !
Get a North American "Fat Bike". They have huge tires made for snow and mud.....   :P
After listening to the audio book it would be great to see you back in sakita trying to organise a trip to japan in the next year or so and dont really want to do all the normal tourist stuff
I've been following since 2020, and i can say i am very happy seeing how much you've grown in youtube and everywhere actually! You're a huge inspiration to me, to move to Japan yet i still don't know how to. Anyway i hope these 6 days will go incredible!
Awesome
i thought this was leaving japan video , letsgooo! JAJ  my fav series will there be a trailer of sorts ?
Journey across Japan: Looking forward to hear 'the horns of despair' again.
Such a journey!
as soon as I heard the announcment on the podcast yesterday, I was thrilled! A fun end to 2023
I hope the car will be AUTOZAM AZ-1.  Everything else will be dissappointment.
Looking forward to the series! Can’t believe it’s been 5 years since the first Journey Across Japan!!
Such a journey!
"I don't like bicycle"
Not doing it anymore because you want to, but because you can do it. Huge difference.
I found you when you had 50k subs, I had a few more and thought you deserved way more. You have since long passed me and I am really happy you did, this is the only channel that has stayed faithful to its original soul, thanks for your commitment!
Man you can't post such thumbnail pic and title for such good news :D I was immediately thinking you are going away from Japan or something along those sad lines. Can't wait for the 1st of December! Challenge posted ;)
So excited for this! Going to be an exciting watch!
I absolutely love this idea! I really love the tohoku area, making it to Sendai every time I visit and next time I'm also going to include Aomori
Omg, I'm so excited. I watched every episode. Time to rewatch them before the new season starts. This is going to be so fun and interesting again.   Anyone else thinking about another possible Dr Jelly Product?🤭
I met a Japanese fella at Old Trafford in ~2000, and worked with Japanese execs in 2015. Had planned to take my girlfriend to the Tokyo Olympics in 2020, but... you know... she wasn't my gf by June 2020, and the Olympics...  So - I was offered work in Japan in 2021/22, but I honestly have about 50 Japanese words in my vocab. Got to get that sorted and get over there to help them with VP, software and the rest that they didn't pioneer.  Thanks for the inspiration and advice.   Beer anyday if we end up in London, Tokyo, Manchester, San Diego, Miami, Munich, Monaco or Jamaica at the same time!  Big shout!
Soo pumped to see this! The last Joruney was fantastic. Have fun and good luck!  Even with the semi click baity thumbnail and title haha
It looks a bit like Ikea, but it's way cooler and has less tiny boxes to buy
The Chris of the North Japan
Hell yeah, I love Journey across Japan, more of it's always welcome! 🤟❤😁
I'm more of a recent watcher, I got in around the 2nd or 3rd JaJ, and I've always thoroughly enjoyed your videos.  I've recently gone back to school for videography, and it has given me a whole new appreciation for these sorts of youtube videos, as I understand more about the cinematography side of things.
I just got to the chapter of how you promised daily videos of “Journey Across Japan” in your book on the way home from work… this is eerie…
So excited for the new series!!!! Thank you chris & crew for all the effort 🤝❤️
Your videos are great Santa Chris!
Great to see Abroad in Japan non bicycle edition!
Awesome. I have loved all the previous ones and cant wait for this.
can't wait!! december is going to be very tough for me with uni work, so i'll be relying on these videos to keep me going everyday!!
I rather you put out quality content than MORE contentI think your channel is one of the few on youtube that actually cares about the quality of the content, and it really shows. But if you can do both, by all means, go for it.
I have a strong feeling that the "editor special team" will be Mudan & CO ^,^ - Can't wait Chis, sounds amazing, good luck out there
great to see him back !!
I love that you are striving to not let what happens to so many other content creators happen with yourself. Most content from others in the space feels so disjointed and honestly uninspired to the point of not being able to tell the difference between them anymore and with the number of Content creators living in Japan im sure theres a new pressure along with external imfluences. Im happy that youve committed to your image and style and hope we continue to see that throughout your career.
Love the shop
I shamefully admit that  i have not watched any of the recent videos on AIJ .  I will hopefully be able to rectify this error from here on. Safe travels. looking forward to coming adventures
You should do a challenge where you can only use English to navigate the area you're in. It would help people who are afraid to go to Japan because of the language barrier
I was just talking about how much I was looking forward to the next JAJ! This made my day, keep up the great work Chris and Team!!
Your a legend Chris! Love all your vids I throw them on when I study and when I’m cooking 🖤
This is going to be amazing ^^
PETE PETE PETE PETE PETE PETE PETE   I LIKE THIS SILLY LITTLE GUY
Name me another YouTuber who pulls off disheveled as well as Chris ... looking forward to the next JAJ👍
Absolutely nailed it - the great thing about JAJ version 1 was the spontaneity. Can't wait for the new version!
I love you guys. The whole lot of you. Keep being awesome. Can’t wait to make it to Japan for a visit.
Hell yea man I'm excited!!! I know you can do it with your dream team beside you!!! I love watching your Japan adventures!!! 😊🎉 I want to start planning my Japan trip soon.
I started watching this channel about six years ago, love all of the Journey Across Japans, but the first one just holds a special place in my heart, can't wait to see you back on a bike and traveling Japan again, Chris😊
The original Journey across Japan series is one of my most favourite things to watch on YouTube . I had been watching anime for a long time but never really knew much about Japan . So naturally, as you do, I went to YouTube to watch some Japan related videos and that's how I discovered your channel and saw the JAJ series and immediately became a fan. And I must say thank you for  showing me around this wonderful country over the following years.  Visiting Japan is at the top of my bucket list and I'll be on a plane as soon as I can save enough money. Good luck on your next adventure and keep the good stuff coming.🤘🤘
Very exciting project! I wish you a lot of fun with your friends!! Good luck to the editing team! Can not wait to see this series!!  You can do this!!
This is gonna be so sick thanks for doing this
Natsuki has 2.91 million friends
Very excited for the new JAJ! Thanks again Chris for always giving us such amazing content. Getting to see other places in Japan that not many people know or talk about is very exciting! everytime I watch your videos I can´t help but want to be in those places too, one day for sure!
The original JAJ is still one of my all-time favorite YT series and I re-watch it like twice a year. It's also the first thing I send people unfamiliar with your channel and/or Japan in general, as not only do you do an amazing job at showing the beauty and uniqueness of Japan, but also do with that -grumpy demeanor- dry humor we all love. So, I'm really looking forward to your new adventures! Cheers, all the best from Germany.
yessss more journey across japan! and every day, for a whole month?? 😳 i'm so excited, this is one of my favorite series in all of yt 😍
I see no problem cycling in the snow, just get some decent tires 😜 i just bought Continental Studded Winter tires for mine. Sadly havent been able to test them on snow yet.  Also i want to thank you, you are one of the reasons i started cycling again. Seeing you fight yourself up mount fuji (and other videos of yours) made me realize i have to get my ass off the couch and get going. So far i have lost 10KG.
I hope this JAJ is less rough on you all, and that you absolutely have all the fun you can have! Wonder what you can show us this time? I always like seeing anything wildlife-related, so if you get to see any animals or even plants, I would love it! Or even snow, I always wanted to know snow so I love your videos with lots of snow 😅  Also, loved how Sharla is joining! ❤ Hope the cold doesn't bother her or something, my thyroid sometimes makes temperatures being awful and its TOO COLD or TOO HOT. :( do take your scarf, Chris! And your gloves! And your jacket...!
That’s awesome to hear about the new series for Journey Across Japan, I have enjoyed your many adventures throughout Japan. Keep up the great work and videos Chris & crew!!! ❤
So hyped for this new chapter! By the way, you're lookin good. Like respectfully, in the straightest way possible. As someone who's been trying to lose some weight recently and work harder and look into more of Japan, you're an inspiration. Keep up the stellar work.
How exciting! Can't wait to tune into the Non-stop North adventures :) Thanks for all the great content! I had fun submitting a few challenges muahahaa
9:45 perfect accent, he's unstoppable
WOOOOOO Another Journey Across Japan
actually blew me away when you said that was 5 years ago sht man just made me so sad to realize that 5 years went by so fast i feel like it was only a few years ago glad i found you over 5 years ago really enjoyed your content over the years thank you for the entertainment
Sounds really fun, still waiting for “Taken for Garnted” though 😂
Anpanman challenge imagining  cdawgva toppling the K-Car 😂
4:35 I just can't help myself thinking of the Nonstop Nut November of a very crazy and peculiar squirrel when hearing that title 😄
Your journey across Japan videos were 5 years ago?! Damn time flies
NNNNNNNICE! Super excited for, 'Journey Across Japan: Non-Stop North'! While I still hope I finally get to Japan some day soon, my discovery of your channel in recent months has made the wait all that much more bearable. 🙏 Keep up the great work, Chris!
THE DAY OF  (.Brand New Upgrade For The Place Now.) IT GOT MORE STYLE.
Having subscribed to the channel around the time of the second JAJ I never really experience the first one in all its glory, so I’m excited to see how this one unfolds. Every JAJ has been an absolute pleasure to behold and I think this next one is about to blow them out of the water
You're looking really good, Chris. You mentioned that you were taking your health more seriously, and I can definitely see it. Ya look good!
Will the videos be subtitled in other languages? Mainly asking for a friend who does not understand english at all but deeply enjoys the original Journey across Japan thanks to the spanish subtitles it has
Yey looking forward to it.
Anyone waiting for the fights between Chris and Connor
Awesome, pal.   Thank you for what you do.
Awesome, looking forward to it ! And take it easy and have fun...
I've actually been consuming your videos like drugs 😂😂😂😂 but haven't seen you post in a while, this is like a dream come true. Hope you don't neglect your health because of it tho 🙏🏽. Good luck.
I remember your first video. I also loved the way you re-shot every time a crow cried, showed a bunch of payment invoices, and put a bit of laughter into everyday life. That video is actually my favorite and I'm a little sad that it's not getting more views.
You are definitely my favorite YouTuber Chris. The love and care you put into your videos shows every time and also on top of that the respect you give to your audience and for all that I have very high respect for you. Been watching your videos since the beginning and it has gotten me through some hard times so cheers to you🎉
Looking forward to this.
Fan-tah-sti-ku des! Amazing set! Good luck with the new series Chris and kampai to you in hope you get less disheveled this time ahahah <3
Really embodying the Japanese spirit of being humble and modest. Dismissing the thought of big outlandish projects in favor of what you know and enjoy already; driven by passion and personal satisfaction. I can't think of anything more fitting for you and this channel and look forward to more.
I'm super excited for this! I found your page in 2019 because of the original Journey Across Japan. And my dad and I would sit down for dinner and watch your videos all the time, many years later i've now seen pretty much every video of yours.   You're a big inspiration for me, and when I went to Japan for the first time back in January this year I used knowledge I retained from your videos and it was awesome.   Can't wait for the new series and I hope to meet you one day.
Dear Chris, I wish you the best of luck for the next JAJ and can't wait to see it! I love your content, stumbled upon it during early days of Covid (the haunted ryokan video), and binged the whole first JAJ in a day. Thank you for all you do!
There was something about you struggling to do the original Journey Across Japan that made it appealing. Will he upload today? Will he lose his mind? Will he survive?? It was a fun time.
Is this a leaving yt video 😭
🤤nice, cant wait
I can't wait to see the new series. You guys are amazing and I hope you all stay warm the new Movie Set, to quote Natsky is just awesome.
I'm so excited for this new series !
I had the opportunity to travel in Tohoku last winter, from Yamagata to Aomori, and I had there some of my greatest experiences in Japan so far (and a TON of snow). So many great places, never overcrowded. Can't wait to see the series in those places!
Please, Chris, stop apologizing for what you promised but were unable to get done!!! You have done your best, and it has been awesome!!! You are our eyes in Japan, and what inspires us to take the plunge and visit.   Also, put some moisturizer and SPF on your face. Your skin looks a bit dehydrated. 😂 sorry, I had to let you know.    As a Project Manager, I can tell the planning, coordination, and logistics of what you are about to start it's not easy.  We always appreciate the quality of your production, but happy to hear you are going to have support.    Wishing you all the best in this new adventure and looking forward to watching it all!!!!
god speed you magnificent bastard, hope it goes well
Wow Chris, this is the absolute best early Christmas gift ever! I'll be waiting for these episodes every day once the series starts! Thank you so so much Chris!
Thank you for your wonderful content, Chris! Cheers to more adventures for you and the team. Looking forward to more videos.
The set design is absolutely on fleek not gonna lie 👌🏻
Still, dude, the original may not have turned out the way you intended, but you still freakin did it and saw it through.  That's still hands down the most epic thing I've seen someone do on YouTube, and I still remember the anticipation waiting for each new episode.  I'm looking forward to this one, too.
keep doing what you like to do. i dont care if its 1 video a month or a day, as long as i can feel you giving your best. thank you for your content and looking forward to the new journey accross japan. greetings from germany
What’s wrong with Chris and Natsuki eating family mart chicken and Risottoro tuning in via a video call
Wish you a great journey, with lots of amazing memories, and lost of crazy stories.. made by Natsuki.. hahaha . Love the whole crew, hope you are all great!  Edit:  The studio is soooo beautiful.
Psyched for the new series! Congrats on all your success!
Finally! Can't wait!
Absolutely in love with your content Mr. Broad! Got my parents to watch now too aftee the Mt. Fuji video! Anything and everything you throw up is getting a dedicated sit down and watch for me.
Most entertaining YouTube channel with the most interesting side characters. I am excited what 2024 can bring to the table.
Really excited for this. I wish you all the best, but with the people you have in your corner, behind and in front of the cameras, I doubt you'll need it. Also, if at any point you begin to doubt yourself, keep this in mind: You are enough.
"Just another Saturday with Natsuki" 🤣
I cannot fucking wait for this!!! What a countdown to crimbo!! ❤
Looking forward to watching the new journey!
you know the affable man is built different when it takes a team of editors to do what he does alone.
lol I thought it was a green screen all this time! ajjaajjajaja
Why is Steven Gerrard dressed as Bruce Lee? Oh, it's Chris. I should have known. LOL.
got your book in hardback today, so far im finding it really enjoyable. I love the cover as well.
Looking forward to  it!
Is this real, or just an announcement?
Ring ring ring ring was that a jojo reference 🤣
Journey Across Japan is what got me hooked on your channel, so I am stoked to see its coming back! Thanks for all your effort on this Chris, its going to be great!
Journey Across Japan Non-Stop North! Can't wait! 🤩
Looking forward to seeing this new series!!!! So excited! Just before you announced this in the podcast, I was talking about this with my son, that it would be amazing to see more of the not so touristy parts of Japan and then you started talking about this and we were instantly hyped. 👌👍🤘💪
Hey Chris, first of all thank you for those Vides! I found your videos in the beginning of Covid and they helped me emensely through this time. I´m really looking forward to the next Journey across Japan!
Woohoo! How exciting! 👍
I can't wait for more Dr. Jelly commercials! Thank you so much for all your hard work. I never really comment on here and I'm more of a lurker, but I just want to say that I've enjoyed your videos for years. To your good health and more success!
Whatever you make and whenever you make content many enjoy it I’m sure, including myself.  I’ve appreciated every video here so far and I think you are free to bestow content into this channel when you can.  Thank you for showing us Japan.  I hope to return there someday armed with the knowledge you’ve given us.  🙏🏼
Go to goshikinuma!
I'm travelling to japan with my partner for our 10th anniversary in September 2024, and your videos have been massively helpful and hugely entertaining. Learning how to study Japanese and what are some interesting places to visit has been genuinely lovely. Love your channel, Chris, can't wait for whatever you plan on making
Can I film a short movie in the Ramen Shop?
don't feel pressured to put out more and more content, I for one wait happily for your quality videos!
Honestly, I'm happy with the current upload schedule. An Abroad in Japan video always feels like a treat that you can trust to be high quality.
Can't wait~!
Always good to job out the post-production -colorization, editing, sound so that you have time to do everything else! Looking forward to the new content and congrats!  it's a new step!
Most importantly, will there be a new Dr Jelly commercial? 😂
I’ve been a long time enjoyer of Journey Across Japan - I honestly don’t think they’ve ever lost their charm because you and the cast of characters make what is already interesting and then it into entertainment. Can’t wait for the next chapter! 🇯🇵
0:12 It's unreal how the sound quality changes from sexy british man ASMR to early 2000 crappy microphone Let's Play just by turning the camera and the attached mic 😂
I'm soooooo excited for this new series. My dream is to be able to live in Japan one day buy until then I love being able to explore vicariously through Chris's videos :)
So glad the rest of the world knows the secret now! I'm incredibly excited for the series Chris!
hell yeah its gonna be awesome
Whoa!  Was that Ken Watanabe at 1:20?!
Yes! Having an editing team will be a huge benefit this time. The smaller JAJs have been great but there was just something about that first series that keeps me going back and rewatching it. When did Pete get demoted to 3rd best American friend?
The Original Journey is already 5 years Old? That can't be, someone must have miscounted along the way...Still loving the Content, keep having fun!
This is going to be a month long christmas thanks to AIJ! Love this channel, love the series and I can tell this will be great!
I pray for your safety and success Chris im sorry it took me so long to find you i found you form the first time youu were on Trash Taste with the boys and you captured me immediatly and i been consuming your content every drop good luck Chris
I loved the first JAJ. I am really looking forward to this one as well Chris. You're a rockstar entertainer, and Im glad we have you!
Off topic, but Chris is looking hella trim!
Chris, the first Journey Across Japan has always been a special series to me since first finding this channel 4 years ago. Watching those videos comforted me during the darkest time in my life, and I'm forever grateful to you for that. It's now become my all time favorite comfort series that I binge watch repeatedly, so to hear you try to do this again has gotten me super excited. Looking forward to the new crazy adventures you guys will go through this december!
This sounds bloody brilliant! I look forward to the journey.
Looking forward to it ❤
Really excited for this, love the geographical variance of Japan.
I look forward to seeing your journey ❤😊
I'm excited!!
I'm very excited :)
Extremely excited!!! Please take care of yourself along the way and be safe 💙
Yee Boi! Can’t wait man
The first challenge should be them, decorating the car all outside and inside
I fucking love Sendai man, I'm planning to move there after I complete Uni. I always want to recommend cities up north but for first timers, I always have them start with the basics Tokyo, Osaka, and Fukuoka. But man I love the North. I want to open up my taco shop there lol
Looking forward to it.
I'm looking forward to this
A kei car sounds like just the right sort of vehicle in a country where convenience stores are famous for their egg sandwiches.
Dude, really excited for this new season of JAJ🤩can't wait for it to kick off. Good to hear you have help this time around. Also, maybe you could fit Garnt in there somewhere? No pressure😆👍Also, big congrats to you and Sharla💖🎉👏
Perfect advent calendar series, a new snowy video every day leading up to christmas.
The studio looks awesome Chris! Nice work!✨😉👍
If you're buying the car in the episode then you should roll for your budget! can you buy a car for 10,000 yen? who knows!
The first JAJ was my absolute favorite. Hope this one has a bit less scripting than the recent ones. None the less, excited!
perfect timing. I have a trip planned for May. This will help me with my itinerary :D
I’m still surprised you’ve never been to Saga for a video. During the Kyushu Journey Across there kinda skipped over the prefecture like everyone tends to. It’s a beautiful area and I’d love seeing some properly produced English videos in there
Gotta get that December rpm :D Cant wait honestly
I've been following this channel for 9 or 10 years already, and honesly, you never fail to deliver.  Besides, about the daily - once - in -a - few- months videos, i'm actually impressed you lived trough that.
Very excited for this!
I admire the fact that given how successful your channel has become you are still looking for ways to push your boundaries.
Are you ok? I know I've missed some vids but you aren't looking vibrant like always. Might be lighting but I wish you well
Very excited! Love that you are promoting less visited places for people to discover! 🇵🇸
Pete is the best guest, his energy is like a positive chaos bomb being dropped.
I'm looking forward to the next Dr. Jelly ad, but it's a shame that we won't see another cycling Journey across Japan this time
Been considering Tohoku and/or Hokkaido for my next trip to Japan these last few days actually. Looking forward for some tips from the ride!
Natsuki!!!!!!!!!!! 😃
"We don't put out enough content." For me, that couldn't be further from the truth. You have put out time and time again a unique blend of interesting and funny content that is both high quality, whilst retaining the essence of the everyday person. All this for free as well. Thank you, and please keep doing what you are doing.
Can’t believe it’s been 5 years since journey across japan
The new living room looks amazing - really looking forward to seeing this bunch together in Non-Stop North. I’m sure you must be excited, take care of yourself in these days leading up to the journey!
7:35 nice photo ✨😉👍
i can't fucking wait for this!
you look tired...
I can't tell you how excited I got Chris when I found your book in a very random bookshop in Romania - needless to say, I bought it without hesitation. Can't wait for the series to start and good luck!
Nice clickbait thumbnail 😂
Brilliant channel mate, can't wait, wish you all the best with this but don't try to kill yourself doing it 👍
I started watching in around 2013 in Winter. I watched my first video of yours at night. I can still remember it. I was simply looking for videos about Japan and happened to stumble across you and have been following you for literally a decade. This might be my first ever comment on one of your videos.  I just want to say: Kerp doing what makes you happy and content! I will continue following this amazing channel and it's fantastic creator❤
Because of your great tipps and the glimpses into Japan you shared with your audience we chose to travel through cities and the countryside of Japan for 2mos last November, from Tokyo, to the da Vinci temple, Kanazawa and up to Sapporo. It was an amazing time and inspired by your videos. Thank you so much for the inspiration. We will be back for sure.
The clickbait of this thumbnail and title gave me anxiety, Chris! So glad these are good news, the best in fact! Looking forward to your adventures in the great region of Tohoku. 🏔❄💙
I loved every Journey Across Japan, really looking forward to this one. You really are Tohoku's ambassador :)
Hell yes! I lived in Tohoku from 2017-2018 so I’m very connected to Tohoku and still keep in touch with people there to this day! Please stop by 田子町 (Takko-machi) (Garlic capital of Japan) and order the ガーリックステーキごはん(garlic-steak gohan) and tell them Ben sent you 👍 they are a very small town that was hurt by covid and could use the exposure!
your vids are my happy place, cant wait, and i wont even bring up dr. jelly ... oh i just did >.>
Can't wait for Dec 1st mate looking forward to it and you have an awesome team and guests with you it's going to be a crazy good month ps Natsuki is da best!
Been so brilliant to watch you throughout all these years from here in east sussex! cant wait to see what happens next, safe travels buddy!
been watching you since the first video back in 2012 as a high school freshman. Its been awesome seeing the journey, and wish it for many more years
Aw, I was hoping that you'd bring Garnt
I am sooooo excited!
Lookin' forward to it!
Very exciting, jaj series is great every time. I'm glad you've got help this time Chris. Tell them to take it easy eh. We can all wait. Oh and don't listen to the moaners, you put out plenty of content and it's all good which is what really counts
Tis gonna be a great December. Thanks
Honestly your lack of content has never bothered me because the quality has only gone up ever since you started this channel. It's always well worth the wait and I enjoy every bit of the videos you upload. Nevertheless, this new chapter is sounding very exciting and I already can't wait for next week to see the start of it!  Thanks again Crhis, for everything you've done and will do for us!
While I appretiate the ambition of delivering daily videos, the strength, dare I say magic of Abroad in Japan was always the quality of your content, and it was always woth the wait. I wish for you to never forget that. That said I will be waiting in anticipation of the stories of your next adventure and i will be there to cheer you on on your push for quantity.
This just made my entire day better, I can't wait for it to start. Last year when I found this channel I loved the journey accros japan so im so excited for it to start again
Every time Natsuki shows up I get so excited. The dynamic with you two is so sweet!  But also, the wording at the start of the vid scared me. "did you ever make a promise you couldn't keep?" like... I thought this might be a 'I'm happy, I have a loving wife, we're getting a house, I've gotten a good behind the scenes job lined up, I'm leaving the channel'.
Thanks
Very excited to see this!
SO MUCH EXCITE! Top notch quality, top notch Affable. This is gonna be a fun one.
I think it was JAJ that confirmed my subscribing to your channel and slowly falling farther down the rabbit hole that is your content and the sarcastic humour that I relate to.  Hell yeah mate, keen af for this. So happy and nervous for you haha
Been watching for a long time and it's been amazing to see how much you've grown over time. I feel like the daily videos are totally unrealistic and in general I prefer a higher quality of content less often, and that's a mark you've definitely hit.
waku waku
Cant wait
bro 90% of your audience would appreciate even simple vlogs from your life. do not squander your following with rare videos, thinking of quality etc. I understand all that - but you have built a fanbase interested in YOU. We don't need netflix quality production.
Time to make a baby, Chris :D  Because Family matters.
The bottom line is you're looking great mate 👍
As a student, i was interested in JET. This channel keeps my attention on stuff like this. I don't know how or when, but i still want to go. I just don't know if teaching is for me. The spiders and centipedes kinda scare me too.
Everything looks so cool This journey us gonna be crazy 🎉
AMAZING!
I'm excited for the new series! Think that's what i love best about your content, where as most only really focus Tokyo, it's so refreshing to see all the other prefectures represented!
Oooh, I'm looking forward to this!!!  Re downtime between uploads: I'd rather you be happy and have high quality videos to watch most of all. Anyone who says differently, needs to have a good, long think.
Damn, I am excited and it will be really interesting to see some places that are not visited so much
Try to smoke as much as natsuki for a day. Or the reverse (no smoking for natsuki for a day).
Why daily anyways? That's really overkill. Around 2-3 a week would already be perfect in my opinion and this would give you way more time for planning and executing every video?
Man I'm hiped about this series 😄😄😄😄
I swear Natsuki is getting even more ornery as he ages. Just like a fine wine. xD
I’m certainly excited for this. The original Journey Across Japan series was amazing(to be fair they all are) but I definitely agree that the first series had a bit of spontaneity and magic that the other ones didn’t quite capture, whether that was because they were better planned or whatever.  I do not require daily content(though I do appreciate that much effort no doubt) but I do love the quality of your videos and the somewhat adventurous and historical feel to them.  Truly a one of a kind channel and I’m always awaiting more from you Chris. Hope all is well!
I love the idea and I love how the channel has evolved but I just have to say RIP Chris :D It was good while it lasted ol' chap!
Besides Chris... Natsuki is for sure my fav person in Abroad in Japan what a funny dude
I hope daily videos fit your demographic. Personally i dont think so. I dont want to stress myself about watching 10 minute videos every day. I want to get excited when your video pops up, and take the time to enjoy a 30 minute video. I think i will lose all that with daily videos.
ahh... will have ryoto back soon... this is gonna be awesome!!!!
This made my day, can't wait for the new series! Thank you for the early Chrismas gift. You rock Chris! Best disheveled Santa :D
I must say though you say "dishevelled" you look amazing way healthier than before clear skin _thriving_ ! Honestly the title scared me😂but I'm so excited for this! When the first JAJ was announced I didn't know what to expect but to me it was honestly one of the best travel videos on YouTube then, I cannot wait and I'm glad you're putting more effort to not mentally burn out n lots of love to ppl on patreon and ppl working behind the scenes with one of my favourite youtubers. Best of luck mate will be cheering you on always! :)
Cant bloody wait!!
I’m so excited!
I absolutely love the idea of another journey and in the north + Dec.  I am so so so so so happy you have an editing staff as I would have said to do every few days if not (to prevent burn out and amount of content).  I myself don't like daily content because you get burned out on the person and content feels to wain and everyone gets burnt out.  I like the content you and your crew produce and feel its more quality over quantity and makes me feel you're still a genuine person with something to say stilll.  Good luck, I look forward to all the adventures to come!
I loved the original JAJ when you uploaded daily but the toll it took on you was afwul. I remember panicking when you suddenly stopped uploading and thought you had gotten hit by a car or something. But I enjoyed the series a lot still and go rewatch it regularly. I also enjoy your and Connor's biking trips. They are so cool.
Pete got demoted!?
Top Team
Was worried at first like Chris said, but if he's got someone editing this time, it seems a lot more doable.
The original JAJ is what introduced me to your channel so I am beyond excited to see it return! Good luck Chris can’t wait!
LETS GOOO I LOVE THIS
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
I want a video about the logistics around this endeavor
You’ve really went the long way about to get Natsuki to cut your hair for free.
Natsuki saying "Hello, good night, fuck off" the phone absolutely killed me. I love this man and need a 24/7 feed of him being absolutely unhinged.
play a squid game with 5 locals
Well, good luck to you then. I hope you're not going to sacrifice quality for quantity though. I enjoy this channel for it's balance of educational and entertainment qualities.
I started following you at the beginning. Your Journey is across life now. I am amazed how enthusiastic you are for a revamp. Im watching and good luck!
Exiting!
Journey across Japan with a dream team of guests and daily uploads?! This is the best early christmas present I could've asked for! Let's gooooo!
Christmas came earlier this year !!!! 🎉🎉🎉🎉  can’t wait to see your adventure!!
Journey across Japan sparked my original interest in Japan related content, very excited for this new series
Can't wait
Holy
Doing some travel content in Korea or China could be a big next step to consider.
Omg im so fucking excited!!!! ❤❤❤
Heard about the new JaJ on the podcast! Watched the original right before my first trip to Japan in 2018. Super excited for the latest iteration with all the guest!
Chris remember to never take your friends for garnted
JAJ was great. Think it might even have been those that got me into your channel in the first place. Can't wait for JAJ:NSN! It's in my diary!
Idea for Challenge: Have Natsuki give you or someone else a haircut while riding in the small car. Preferably over a rough or curvy road.
The lineup of guest is like the Avengers of the Abroad in Universe 🎉
I’m so excited for you!!! I can’t wait!
I’m excited for this! I loved the first series and was very concerned for your health. I was glad when you stopped releasing every day.. also did you see the love letter to you video? Keep it up! Good luck to you and your pals!
Just today I rewatched the entire original Journey Across Japan and to hear you're going to make a sequel... man I'm excited (and frankly, quite nervous for your health and addiction to cheap sugary coffee :D)
Podcast listeners knew what was coming. Your past projects were amazing (even the ill-fated first one), and I can't wait to see what you've got in store for us this time. Seriously, thanks for all the awesome stuff you put out. Keep being your awesome sarcastic self, and looking forward to the new videos!
dude rural japan is hard to travel to and it doesnt have as much mind share. I was in Osaka last month.
I’m so incredibly excited for this!!!!  Thank you for always making such amazing content. I can always come to your channel for a laugh, for motivation and to scratch my wanderlust itch at least a little. I’ve been here for almost if not all of the 10 years and always look forward to your videos. ❤️  Now to schedule my December around your daily JAJ uploads… 🤣
Amazing how much footage Chris got of Connor thanks to Wacky Weekends but the clip he chose was Ludwig slapping him 🤣🤣🤣
Over the course of only 2 years, Pete has managed to fall from Chris' number 1 American best friend, to his number 3 American best friend. Rip Pete, We Pay In Full.
Oh this is going to be a blast
💜💙
As a HiroDai alum I’m so stoked when more people visit Tohoku.  Can’t beat tanbo art, neputa festival, and a hike up Mt. Iwaki There’s also a surprisingly large American football league, I used to play for Hirosaki Starking
you scared me
66k views 36 minutes ago
We love you, Chris! Keep creating amazing content. Your videos are not just educational but also very inspiring. I'm sure that you've changed countless lives with your work. I love the sound of new adventure. Let's go Chris!
Great video - like this format of a fireside chat - looking forward to more adventures - take it easy.
Sounds fun
Why does Natsuki look like James May? 😂😂
The original JAJ was so spontaneous and hilarious, getting to see so many different parts of japan alongside goofy challenges was a blast. Excited for whats to come!
JAJ was 5 years ago? WTF. How old am I? 😭
I'm really looking forward to this. I'm going back to Japan for the second time in May next year and the entire trip is focussed on Tohoku and Hokkaido! :D
Really looking forward to this! I found your channel during the first Journey Across Japan (that's when I thought: who's this Sharla person and wow there's some major chemistry there). I didn't know anything about the flock of expat YouTubers in Japan, and it's been quite a journey across Japan in that respect, too. Cheers!
Chris, I am sitting in my chair crying of joy, because this is genuinely the best Christmas gift ever!!!!   I can't wait to see it. Wishing you guys a ton of fun ❤
Chris, I hope your travels go well and the future of your channel continues to be as bright as it is now. It has been a joy to watch your content over the years and I'm happy to see how you've been able to grow the production quality as much as you have. Good luck with your continued success and I hope it brings you all the happiness your work provides.
You totally had me going. I saw the thumbnail and thought you were gona quit YT or something. Look forward to the new JAJ though, stay safe x
Watching you, I realize that I want want to follow in your footsteps!!!!   Now as I will retire in a handful of years, my pace will be slower than yours, but....there's a but in there.... I will do this.... I promise you 🤣.   Now until the start of my journey...it's time for me to start getting into shape...My man Friday... queue the Rocky Music!     in the meantime, keep those wonderful videos coming!!!!
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssss🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
I’m still hoping for the day taken agranted for comes to this Channel
Why do you Scare me like this Chris D:
I can't wait, I'm not super into Christmas time but this is certainly something to look forward to!
I wonder when there will be an end, just curious...
So crazy to think I found your channel and the Journey Across Japan series 3 years ago when the world was under lockdown due to Covid. The show brought so much comfort to me and reignited my love for Japan and travel. I hope to return one day with my girlfriend to share northern Japan with her. Very much looking forward to the next series!
I love your studio 🎉
youtube don't send me your videos often but man I'm so happy for you, esp your new plan! Best of luck, I will try to look up your channel from time to time! Cheers!
February in Kyoto wasn’t too busy when I visited.
This new Journey Across Japan looks like it will be amazing.  I am so excited to see more videos on your channel.  They are always great quality and well worth waiting for even if they aren't daily.
you've come a long way and are surrounded by amazing people , man ! you should be proud!😊
Fat
Downtown drunk style.  The man is a gold mine.
I'm going to tell my grandkids this was TokyoCooney
I wanted to go to the north of japan before the pandemic hit, so im very excited for this!
Thanks Chris and good luck!
you've done very well. thank you for journeying more
I probably have the first JAJ on rotation for comfort background videos while working on game at least once every few months. Stoke for this new one for sure.   Also,  the relocated studio looks great! Loving all the new aditions.
I can't wait, it's gonna be epic!
Just while I watched this video it received 20,000 more views. Mega. Good luck on the trip! I look forward to watching!
Love you Chris ❤️
Super excited 😊😊😊 good luck
Looking forward to it
wow you have an amazing looking home
Is this a new studio or an updated the one in Sendai?  I know he is looking for a new house in Tokyo.  That would be quite the commute.
Daily videos sound cool on paper, but it's honestly a stupid idea. Even the biggest channels with big teams have struggled with that. Honestly, even a set schedule might not do anything good and just create unneeded stress as you crunch to make the video happen when in reality you need a break and a few more days to perfect it.  Quality over quantity is absolutely the way to go when it comes to YouTube!
Your videos have always made me miss Japan and so it's been something of a bitter-sweet experience following you. Being the masochist I am, I'm looking forward to missing Japan even more in the future, thanks to you. Cheers from the UK!
I prefer quality over quantity. but it is true, that the Journey Across Japan sequels were lackingsome of the spirit that was in the first one. Really looking forward to it! It is gonna be a busy month with JingleJam and Journey Across Japan^^
Can't wait!🎉
You're an absolute legend
Kinda weird no JAV filmakers didnt contact you to rent your amazing place. There's potential to make great content in all those different sets. 🧐
Still waiting for "Takin For Garnted"
Honestly really excited for this, I'm glad you found the time and resources to make another JaJ happen again. I remember how I was addicted to watching the first one. I'm sure this one will be even better (with less bicycle sweat).
Do a noir detective film on your set with Natsuki
This is gonna be a... bonkers end to the year. Hell 2023 has been mad in general. The channel has kept growing, Chris got his (banger) book out, I met him (and sharla too)... for real, and not a dream for once. 2024 is gonna be even bigger. And Better. And way more affable.
jypeeeed
I couldn’t be happier with how things turned out in terms of the channels success. Considering you started in an apartment where the kitchen was also the bedroom seeing how far you’ve come bring me a ton of joy
This is such a classic Journey Across Japan experience  The thought of the original idea of having 6 different guests thought the whole journey itself while you explore the beautiful sceneries of Japan, Can hardly wait for this.  Journey Across Japan is genuinely one of my favorite content from Youtube and I look forward to it every time even times wishing I was there with you.  Just want to say thank you for your efforts and hard work into making these videos, you deserve more. Here's hoping you will keep doing this series for as long as you can.
I truly cant wait.. The winters are long and dark where i live and JAJ1 kept my head out of the dirt and kept me entertained and made me laugh and go wow. Thank you and I just am so excited to see more of a beautiful country filled with history.
Hell yeah
Currently rewatching the first Journey Across Japan and this the exact kind of news I needed to hear :D Really looking forward to it!
I had my birthday yesterday, perfect last minute present to get more Journey Across Japan! :) I hope you are doing well Chris!
So delighted for you Chris! I have been a long time fan and through you, I have gotten to know all about the wonderful country that is Japan! Hope you have a wonderful and happy time making this new series! Looking forward to seeing it! Love from Ireland! ❤
Hello, Goodbye, f**k off, anyone thats ever worked in service or retail would love to let Natsuki loose on the phone. Good luck, don't knock Bikes in the snow though as yes mine had massive tyres to cope, I'd have to swap out the Cars for my MTB whenever it snowed as they'd be stuck and it'd still power through and the exersion heat prevented any accidental enuch instances in the cold.
we live in a natsuki's dream
Always a good day when Chris posts
For a second I thought we were going to get Sharla and Ellen roasting you whilst driving with some comedic banter.
Yesss!!! love it! so glad to see Natsuki too!!!
I am SO in!
Music to my ears! Looking forward to the next JAJ, I first found your channel with the Osaka episode with Pete Donaldson. Been hooked ever since. Keep up the good work Chris!
Go get it sir! Have loved following your career and content!
No South November
I am so excited to watch this series!  I have been a long time viewer! Your videos have been such a comfort for me, something nostalgic about your style of video making (I grew up watching a lot of British documentaries on TV). Good luck to you Chris!
The best news ever! Can't wait for this 😃
This  is probably one of few youtube channels where I've browsed trough the entire catalogue of videos :)
Oh, I wouldn't say you're more disheveled. I happen to think you're very well sheveled, in fact. Maybe even better sheveled than ever.
Chris, can't thank you enough for all you have made for and given to us! You honestly have helped fuel my love for Japan and all its wonders. I'm hoping to be able to go back next year in order to experience more of it than I did when I first went in 2016. I'm pretty introverted but your videos have really helped in giving me that courage to try and break out of my shell a bit! Really looking forward to a lot in this next year!
Someone else editing wow this should be great. Not that chris is bad at editing but now he has more time for content.
I send in my challenge 😊
i thought we were getting the chris broad tv show
Let’s gooooooo
"This is just Saturday with Natsuki" - I burst out laughing 😂
You look great mate! A terrific start for another run!
I am excited for the December content cause my birthday is in December and I love your content 😊
Chris, you look good! Hope you're doing well. I've enjoyed your videos for a solid 8(?) years now, and I'm still here for every single upload. I can't wait for the journey to start! Some of my favorite videos of yours are during wintertime, so I'm very much looking forward to it. Wishing you well! (Also, the 1970s room is WICKED)
I am finally moving to Japan in March. I am maybe a bit older (in my mid 30's) to most people who take this plunge, but a new start was needed in life due to recent traumas and feeling like life had become a bit monotonous in its rut. I will always be thankful for you giving me back some form of hope and excitement in my life again. Your content has been inviable to me braving this move and changing my life. Thank you Chris, I will always be here regardless of which direction this channel takes as I am always in your debt for what you have done for me.
Yesssssssss Chris producing gold level content again !
nature waiting for the unavoidable:🗿
i hope that no matter what you do, you dont burn out, and have fun doing what you do!
I can't wait to see this series, absolutely going to be awesome.
I'm buckling up! That room looks like Ryo Hazuki's living room from Shenmue. Is there a Dreamcast with Super Hang On in that TV cabinet?
Anytime I am full from food I stand up and do a little bounce up and down because of that woman
I’ve been watching your channel for years now and I always love your videos, you’re amazing Chris!
The JAJ 1 series is honestly my most favorite youtube playlist that I have! there was something just awesome about that! Really made me want to watch more videos about Japan and learn the language and of course visit. haven't quite gotten around to that part... thanks Covid. hopefully ill still get to do it soon! Love your videos chris! Cant wait for this new series!
Damn Chris makes so much much, just doing the math from his patroon page
Crazy to think it's been 5 years since first JAJ. How time flies... Looking forward to seeing the new one!
More Ramen. please. I can't be rewatching Wanko Soba with Connor after 150th time.
Thank you, Mr Disheveled.
Im moving to Japan next year, its something ive always wanted to try but never thought it was possible until one day found your channel. As a fellow englishman whos spent his entire life in London I never thought id be in this position and im looking forward to whats to come in my future. Thank you for inspiring me and I hope to run into you one day in the land of the rising sun. Cheers mate.
I first "discovered" your channel during lockdown. And despite Journey Across Japan being over and done with at that point, it's the series that honestly I cannot stop re-watching. The chaotic fun is evident, despite the hiccups. I am ecstatic (or as close as a British person feels to that emotion) to hear that you are doing it...all over again. Good luck.
I still remember discovering your channel back in 2020 and binging the first JAJ. Pretty much since then Japan became my number 1 travel destination that I was finally able to achieve this October. An absolutely magical place so thank you for sharing as much as you can!
I'm really looking forward to the next Journey Across Japan, good luck Chris!
Cant wait!
What would be cool taking one of your viewers to Japan ( all costs on your budget) then doing the trip with them and recording their first time reactions.
The news about a new Journey Across Japan with daily uploads literally just made my day. I've been rewatching a lot of your videos lately and I'm geniunely so excited for December.
"Natsuki & Chris buy a car" is going to be great, no doubt about it.
I'm still waiting for Journey Across Japan: Taken for Garnted
So keen for this. Should get the whole group onto the podcast mid journey!
Heck, that whole set you have there looks like it's perfect setup for a 80s style sitcom. You should definitely try and do a comedy skit using the studio, maybe just a pilot episode for fun.
You could make a guide of the less appreciated places in japan chris. A collection of all the places that you have featured in your trips. 2nd book idea perhaps. Keep up the good work chris partiallly affable man
Nice
IM SO EXCITED. LFG CHRIS
4:33 where is this? Wow
More Ellen, please!
Love ya Chris! Watching you over the years has been great, its like watching a long lost friend gain happiness and success. Best of wishes to you and all the friends!  Congratulations on your successes and may there be many more pleasant endeavors!
Can't wait I'll have popcorn ready
I love the older videos and to be honest I got away from following you when you went to doing the talk shows, I almost did not click this when it showed up   I know doing the bike is harder but id be happy with doing it on e-bikes or in a small car. I can't get there to do things you do or see the country so your channel is my only way to travel lol I did follow Joey and Sharla and others but they are not the same.  I follow your for the adventure,
I mean making Risotto with Rissotoro is a must
Dude dont work yourself to death. You dont need to do daily videos
Is it just me or does chris look aged up like 5-10 years at the start of the video?
Thank you so much for your content, just finished your audiobook and thoroughly enjoyed it!
5:04 THE WHAT?
Vangang?
is it just me or he looks like he aged like 20years since last year
Befriending Natsuki and subsequently sharing him with the world is forever gonna be Top 5 best things you could've done with your platform <3
Love everything you do Chris!
It doesnt matter how far apart your videos are, we will watch them no matter what.
For Chris to be worried about the amount of content isn’t a worry, as whenever a new episode comes out. It’s always well produced and high quality
As excited as I am for a daily dose of chaotic, sarcastic adventures, I’d patiently wait years for one of your videos because of how amazing each and every one you put out is. Definitely quality over quantity. We all appreciate your hard work 🥰
Yay !!! I’m so happy :). Hope it will make you more happy too!
Awsome, our family loves your adventures... look forward to your content 😊
YESSSS!!!!! Looking forward to watch this series, is going to be epic!
I always loved the original Journey Across Japan, and I'm so happy you're doing a new series trying to recapture the magic of the original and that it's in a region as beautiful as Tohoku. I can't wait 🎉
SovietWomble and Chris Abroad are brothers I swer. Look just alike.
You'd think Chris would have really jacked legs as much ss he cycles in Japan. Well goid luck i look forward to this new chapter.
Man dont scare me like that.... i thought *The Next Chapter* meant u were gonna change your content.... dont :( love this video and all others ❤
Whatever you do Chris, best of luck!
Thank you so much for your content! Wanting to visit Japan for years, I finally had the privilege to come to Japan in 2021 to work for the Olympics. Being excited to go there but not knowing a thing how it would be like, I went on youtube to get some insights and stumbled across your channel. What amazing content. I even managed to visit some places you showed in your videos that otherwise I would never have known about. And great to see how your channel evolved and that these videos still stay entertaining in their special way!
My first video was the original Mt Fuji climb and here I still am looking forward to future videos. Mega content king. Cheers from Toronto Canada
very glad you are doing another JAJ it was amazing content to watch during my time in Mexico. just stay safe and dont freeze to death my friend
Good luck For you Journey Dont torture you friend too much
The older he gets the more Natsuki looks like Hideo Kojima
IM SO EXCITED FOR THIS! thank you Chris!!!
did Chris get thinner?
So hyped for abroad across Japan 4!!
honestly cant wait
been watching since 2018, still here, still loving the videos, still excited for whats to come. this new journey sounds lovely! hope everything goes well.
Looking forward to December!
btw Looking real fit Mr. Broad!
That Natsuki guy is quite a character. He'd be a great recurring guest on your channel, Chris.
Can't get much better guests than those six.  I hope you will give your editors some good Christmas presents for the daily videos, must be a pretty challenging job.
This title scared the piss out of me. I thought you were leaving Japan! Im glad to hear your good news and am wishing you much positive energy and luck moving forward!
man if only it was 24 episodes starting december 1st, perfect advent calendar! ill still enjoy the videos though
Ohh heck yeah make Mr jellys life hell 🤣🤣🤣 make him marry the Disney woman of his dream 🤣🤣
Love you man, been here since your first year on YouTube. So happy to see how far, and how successful you've been!  I'm excited for many more years of content from you and your gang.
Would you ever be doing any more book signings? Will have to fly as in Ireland! But would be eell worth the trip
A Natsuki hair salon!? Great studio, and looking forward to the series.
So excited, keep it up Chris! Your videos are just fantastic, thanks for the laughs!
chris is getting old with me, i welcome the content. good luck man
Finally Chris has got an editor 🙏, crazy to think that the first journey was 5 years ago and I still haven't been to Japan lol. Very excited to see this new journey AND with great companions.
Yay!! 🤩I can't wait for all the adventures!
What!? Your name is Chris Broad? So you really are "A Broad in Japan!" Mind blown! 🤯  I live in BROADstairs.  This is amazing! 😂
Challenge: shopping trip with set purchasing goals (e.g., price, local items, etc.) using only Google Translate Japanese.
No matter which direction you go, we will support you no matter what. And you've not in any way moved away from your fan base through the years!
I'm so excited for the new series 😁😊
Thank you for an upload. Have a great day!
Why am I getting Blade Runner vibes? Is Natsuki a replicant?
Can't wait! :D
Your the best!! Well, right after Sharla!!😂 I found you through her after all. Rocking that Elvis hair Chris!!🎉🎉🎉
Loved the original JAJ. It was so beautifully constructed. Glad to see something similar happening again!
Good luck with the new trip.
i am looking forward to this mad time in north japan HUZZAH
You have a great studio Chris, can’t wait for the new journey across Japan 😊
JaJ through snow? You guys are crazy! Please be careful. I'm really looking forward to this next adventure :)
The REAL next chapter is having a kid. It completely changed my life, for the better:)
21 Abroad in Japan Videos in December? Count me in, seems like Christmas came early this year!
Love the added set and hope you are well.
I've been watching you since pretty much year 1 on YT, but it's been great to watch this channel grow and you should be damn proud of where you are now. Cheers to another 10 amigo. 🍻
I’m not gonna lie, the first JAJ is my favourite series on youtube, I watch it every season, at least once, I’m simply in love with it! So, I’m very excited for this one. Good luck on this journey! Gambare, Chris-san!
Your first Journey Across Japan inspired me to do the Shimanami Kaido and convinced my wife to come along with me. Hopefully your new one will help convince her that a month long road trip around Japan is a good idea. Looking forward to seeing it Chris!
Im feeling happy and excited, just like a kid😂
I live in Minnesota my whole life we see tons of snow have never rode a bike in the winter.
First
Loved the last mount Fuji video, that was amazing. Less is sometimes more.
I am very much looking forward to it. I was there at the first journey across japan and I hope you planned this out a little better - for your sanities sake, ofc. I will be watching regardless. <3
Early bday present ❤❤❤❤
God damn this fool is getting old.
You have no idea how much you mean and how much you have done for expats and Japan enthusiasts.
Dres like chracters from The Water Margin and Monkey?
I'm surprised Natsuki didn't call it "Nonsense North" 😂
How the fuck has it been 5 years since journey across Japan that's crazy!!
so excited. more chris! more videos! its christmas ahhaha
Super hyped for another Journey across Japan series!! Especially with that YouTuber line up, a destined success!! 🔥
Thought he was announcing the end of journey across Japan…. *record scratch* daily journey across Japan! LETS GOOOOII! Chris, you are amazing
I began watching your channel from researching a fleeting interest in joining Jet after finishing my degree. My plans changed but your channel has always been a staple of my YouTube viewership, I'm glad you're still producing videos regardless of the topics or frequency. I also really enjoy the worlds within Japan you expose to us and appreciate the fun people you brought with you along the way.
Thank you for sending so much love to Tohoku! They really need it! Planning to visit Sendai next year! 💝
love your videos, cant wait for December, good luck 💪
I can’t believe you’re doing this to yourself again, but damn Chris you made my day! Can’t wait!
The first thing I thought when I first saw you many years ago was 'this guy should be on TV'. You should definitely be a broadcast documentarian Chris.
Omgggg can't wait!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dang natsukis lookin a little disheveled and beat up is he ok?
Can’t wait for the new series!
Geez, had to scare us with the title and thumbnail! Glad it’s good news haha and really excited to follow along a new Journey Across Japan series - Chris spoils us! :’)
woo hoo can't wait xx
I was an ALT in Akita Prefecture (circa Noshiro) and I CAN'T WAIT til' you go through the area. I know a retired Veterinarian in Hachimori-Machi (just on the border of Aomori-ken)  whose job it is to keep monkeys away from local crops----he made a 'paramilitary' unit of volunteers/locals called SARU-JA (Japan Agriculture) and uses his knowledge to get the better of the Macaques.  I feel like you need to interview Yasuhito Imai, the man in question. He became a friend when I was an ALT there. How can I put you two in touch? He's in Happo-Town.
It's not that we make mistakes, it's that we own up to them and learn. Always.
Cannot wait for this, Chris.  Very glad you are doing another JaJ.  Your talent for making fascinating, yet relatable content is among the best I've ever seen.  Thanks for all the amazing content you provide!
Seeing you and Natsuki always makes me smile 😄
Started watching from the very first video...and I am still here, because no derailed roller coaster can compare to this ride.
I was there for the first Journey and I'm hyped.
Scared the shit outta me… I’ve seen a few YouTubers leaving the platform recently and I thought this was you making the same announcement 😫 Can’t wait to see your upcoming adventures!  🎉🎉🎉
what is the point of all the elaborate sets? Theyre beautiful but u dont really use them aside from the noodle bar
This is hyper sexual!
The original Journey Across Japan feels like it was yesterday. I was still in highschool! Time truly flies
yayy!!!!! this is going to be great!!
The content/quality just keep improving! I'm very happy being able to follow along on this channels journey.
DR JELLY 2!?!?
for a high production channel doing daily videos sounds difficult, best of luck!
Thank you Chris for everything you have done on this channel. I think you were one of the main reasons for my revived interest in Japan and a source of information to inspire me to finally visit the country. I look forward to seeing your travel series in the north. You might just give me some inspiration and ideas for a future visit back to Japan.
Looking forward to the new content...
I just saw Ludwig's video on drifting the other day, and him using the "Look Where That Got You" over your run made me think how exciting a new series of Journey Across Japan would be.  Also I think it would be fun to see Alexi show you around a car meet sometime, I'd love to see your thoughts on jp car culture.
I've been a long time viewer and I appreciate you showing us all of Japan. I personally have dreamed of going since I was little and due to financial hardships I never was able to go on my dream trip. Now I plan on going before I'm 30! I've got 2 years to prepare and I'm doing my best with my boring ass desk job 😅👍
How do u still have ur accent after so long in Japan?
Here's a challenge, speak Japanglish for an entire day!
Good luck Chris! Almost 3mln subs too! Can't wait for JAJ too, not gonna lie, i'm super excited, but the title was scary :D
Shoryuken, universal word XD
I don't believe its been 5 years since the first abroad in japan... I would of been 16 wtf
It’s crazy to think that the first Journey Across Japan Journey was 5 years ago!! Can’t wait to watch this next one!
Why does gant never get invited ?
Pete from America is ranked 3rd???
Have a great time and good luck
Challenge: Sleep overnight in the Kei car!
Now thats a fantastic way to celebrate chrisAbroadMas. 🎉 ima be locked in for the next month then 💎💎💎
Damn five years ago really? Feels like yesterday when I discovered your channel and the Journey Across Japan video’s. I’m very excited for the new series.
I loved the original Journey Across Japan, its just a special feeling
You need to get back in contact with that orange woman who was ryotaros friend for a journey across japan. I know she isn’t an Internet personality but she was fun
Can't wait to watch it
Excited to see Chris' 3rd favourite American. 🤣
this is next level !  its just so sick what you have made of your life :)  Charge !!!
just finished your book on audible and it was fun and interesting following you here for years now and hey, I'm looking forward to that new trip!
Thank you Chris from the bottom of my heart for all the entertainment you have given me over the past 3 years I've been watching your videos.  I've gone through different stages of life but your videos, and especially JAJ, have been a constant throughout it. I am now graduating in 4 months and entering university, but I will continue to watch your stuff and of course look forward to more adventures with Natsuki, Joey, Ryotaro, Sharla, Connor, Pete and all the other friends you want to bring along.  Just thank you!! ❤  P.S. I really like how you stick to long-form content. With all the tiktok and shorts and whatever on the internet, it's just nice to have someone like you.
I'm really excited!
DOCTOR JELLY!??!?
This is going to be a blast!
Can't wait to see Journey Across Japan Non Stop North and just got your book earlier this week
Challenge for Connor: Be optimistic the entirety of a day. Every pessimistic comment, gesture, etc results in 100 yen deposited in a jar, the contents of which everyone but Connor gets to spend at the day's end.
Looking forward to seeing this one especially because it will give me ideas for my own trip to Japan next year
You read my comment and saw the video didnt you? hehe
I definitely enjoy the journey/adventure videos because these are places that you wouldn't necessarily know about unless you live in the country. Looking forward to the daily videos minus the mental breakdown!
Snowmobiles or cross-country skiing!
Remember when Chris said he wasn't sure if he would continue Journey Across Japan after Escape To Paradise? Me too.  Jokes aside, I'm excited to see what this new journey will entail and I wish you the best of luck Chris ❤
I'm incredibly excited for this!
Oh damn, this is exciting and I’m honestly looking forward to it! I hope everything goes well and it turns out to be a huge success! Hope you guys stay safe during the journey. Ever since I first stumbled upon this channel through yt’s algorithm recommendation, I’ve loved the JAJ series. I always recommend it to anyone I know who’s interested in anything Japan. Goodluck Chris!
A new Journey Across Japan this soon can’t wait
Please do not ever think you're not 'putting out enough content'.  I get really annoyed by other content creators who put out far too much stuff to appease the YouTube algorithm and it noticeably effects their work quality. I much prefer content that is more focused and well structured. Have fun on the trip and I can't wait to see Tohoku!
I CANT WAIT   but I will, eagerly.
I'm so excited that Sharla is involved in this one!! A great addition to Journey across Japan!
Don’t worry that you’re putting up less content! Every video is a banger so it’s alright❤
Also, quite a change for you to actually let go of your inner control freak and let the editing be done by others. That's something.
I love to see a new Journey Across Japan. I binged (again) the original a few months back. And I love that you do north Japan as I want to visit this part of Japan but most travel agencies only have tours from Tokyo westward
I love biking in the snow. What is the problem?
I'm enjoying reading these comments all saying positive things.
Love this channel and so excited to see the new series. I’m happy to hear that your goal is to have fun on the channel and maintaining quality. Hope you don’t burn yourself out !
This will be great sendoff for 2023!
So excited to tune in throughout December!
Watching this after having listened to the latest episode of the podcast feels like ''This has been foretold'' I am very much looking foward to the series, great work chris :)
you've aged
Looking forward to it!
Just inject the new episodes directly into my veins. (too much?)
December just got 62.78% more awesome. Maybe even 63%! This is going to be epic.
I'm looking forward to watching this I've really enjoyed all the journey across Japan series's you've done, particularly the first, much of what you seemed to dislike about it just made it feel more spontaneous and adventous to me and was such a fun watch.   Side question though, when are we getting journey across Japan: Taken for Garnted (The Anime chronicles) 😂
oh cool! can't wait!!
You were a dick on Tokyo portfolio
Good luck with the series. Can't wait to see it. It's gonna make December a lot better!
I just wanna hear that Journey Across Japan theme music again!!
How's it been 5 years since the first JAJ!???!?
Thanks Chris! Even when im just super proud of what you have become and how much you have grown content wise and as a person, i just bursted in tears when first thing was ken watanabe 😅 i imagined connor laughing to that and i just couldnt hold it. Imagine what youve gained along these years! You made several people known and even famous! Thank you for everything youve done to us viewers and to the culture. Youre a literal legend and a affable one at that. Everything good to you and youre family 🙏
Wow Chris, I knew you were amazing but I didn't know you were capable of folding space and merging entirely different areas together as one.
This sounds like a cool project, and even as someone who's not a YouTuber, I can appreciate what a massive undertaking this has to be. All the same, you've never disappointed in all the years I've followed you, so I can't wait to learn more about Northern Japan!
The dichotomy of boring white background (where the camera isn't supposed to see) and the Ramen Shop was hilarious. Jokes aside, its crazy seeing the amount of change and improvement you've done over the years and just this year alone. You've come a long way, Mr Affable yuuchuuba
Sleds, Skiing and Snowboarding! If one of the guests never skied, sledded, or snowboarded before they have to try it!
David Attenborough 2.0 journeys across a portion of japan... woot!
Don't scare me like that, Chris 😭But I'm hyped for this LET'S GOOOO
IM SO EXCITED FOR THIS
That sound amazing, can´t wait for the Journery Across Japan Non-Stop North :)
The first Journey Across Japan is my favourite out of the lot (love the others too). I  watched each episode as it was released (waiting was agony!). I've since watched each episode more times than I can count (love the Pete episodes). Thank you for all your videos, and I can't wait for the next journey.
Hey Chris! I’m so happy you’re doing another spontaneous Journey Across Japan :) I always considered the videos from the original series the best on your channel, so I hope you can capture some of the magic that helped me fall in love with Japan all those years ago 😄
Insane title and thumbnail combination, if I didn’t listen to the podcast I would have fallen for it. Considering the cycle was my favourite JAJ I’m definitely looking forward to this
I lived in Misawa for three years, sadly left in December’21.  I can’t wait to see your new videos and relive many of my memories!
cool. looking forward to it. thanks for all the videos you make!
I'm so excited!!!
Love the new set, it looks incredible 😁. Also can't wait for the next season of Journey Across Japan 😂
I feared you were gonna stop YouTube but imagine my surprise when JAJ is coming back! Cheers Chris! You da man!
The original Journey Across Japan sparked my interest in Japan, led to me watching your entire video library and further led to my investment in many of your guests that have gone on to establish brand new ventures since. Joey, Trash Taste, Connor, Ironmouse, Sharla, Tokyo Creative; a lot of my current entertainment stems from you, Chris. And I greatly appreciate you for it.  Here's to the next chapter 🫡
I'm so excited ☺️ love your videos! ❤
I love your genuine joy and laughter reacting to Natsuki getting the tour 😂
Natsuki is never not hillarious. Ganbatte on the next Journey!
The original Journey Across Japan not only released at the same time as I was in Japan on my first solo trip, therefore making every evening with a new episode feel somewhat special, but it also influenced the following years for me. It was that series that made me want to explore Japan more and a few years later I would quit my job, go on a sabbatical and travel around Japan for a year. If I had not found your channel back in 2018 and followed your videos - especially the JAJ ones - I don't know if I had ever made such a big decision but I am glad I did.   June 2022 - May 2023 was the best time of my life and the original JAJ is a HUGE reason for that. I am so looking forward to what this one's got in store and hope you can be proud of this series!
You're building your very own Neighborhood of Make Believe 😊
Get Noriyaro
JAJ is still my go to comfort watch every few months, can't wait to see wants next after this series.
You need to make saturday with Natsuki ... found footage drinkers style movie 😅
I have been watching for years!! Love your videos and always have stay tuned. You got a great personality 💪 even have inspired me make my own YouTube channel and share knowledge 💪 keep it up 🎉
That's a nice surprise. That's the day I will fly finally to Japan after 5 years. So on my arrival day I will have to watch 2 videos from you with delicious konbini snacks. I'm looking forward to this
looking forward will be great
Good luck on the journey! The set looks great as well.
Chris, do me a favor and never say how old the series are again. I felt a part of me go in shock when you said "Five years ago" then showed content that I remember watching like it was yesterday.
Always appreciate you try to stick close to your audience through your roots! thank you for the entertaining videos over the years and just fun people to follow. Always cheers me up. And I can't believe it, I've been hoping for a Journey Across Japan S1 style season for so long-- As a gamer, I shall call it: Journey Across Japan Remake. While the following seasons were fun, nothing captured that big adventure feel with many guests, so it remains my favourite. Plus, Ryotaro will be there, yay!!
while i do like the idea of daily upload.. what i like about your video is your unique style of editing... i hope that the editing team keep that style.. that being said tho.. NEW JOURNEY ACROSS JAPAN... LETS GOOOO!!!!
I remember the original journey across Japan being my favourite comfort-watch at the time it was coming out, so this one dropping during–what's to be–the busiest December of my life is going to be a godsend! So glad you're having another crack at that style, hope you can stay well and sane in the process! 💪
I look forward to seeing Sakata and places you may have mentioned in your book! Winter in Japan is something we don't see too much of!
Sumo wrestling training and competition one of the days.  All of you have to go against each other to see who the champion is for the day.  Maybe get trained by real professionals somewhere on route
Honestly daily vids are hard to do i think most of your fans would be content as could be with 1 to 3 a week
Hyped! My favorite channel uploading daily videos on tohoku, goodluck have fun ❤
I hope I can watch all of it before going to Japan. I will be there to start my English teaching starting March. Hope to meet you guys along the way if ever given the chance.
Can’t wait to watch all of this, Chris. Love your content
I think people are intimidated to go to places like this with them being less touristy, and possibly not as tolerant for people with a lack of language skills. I know that’s certainly how I feel only knowing extremely simple phrases.
Hopefully Gigguk will come as guest. He is the only trash taste member who hasn’t been in this channel
Chris, I have been watching you since 2014 and I am so happy to see how far you have come! Your videos have helped put a smile on my face when I was going through some tough times and even inspired me to start my own podcast and creating content which I have been doing for a while now! Super exited for your new series, always going to be a huge fan. Keep up the awesome work! 💪❤🥳
Wagwan chris! Just applied to Jet after seeing your video like 5 years ago. Jet has been my guiding star. Just wanna say thanks for changing my life mate 🫱🏽‍🫲🏻
Best advent calendar!   The original journey across Japan was really my favourite, I used to watch it during my study breaks and found so much joy in it. Thank you so much for revisiting it, and trying to capture that spirit once again
Chris, even if you never read this, just understand, some of us aren't worried about daily videos. We just want great quality videos that teach us about where you are. Just be yourself and we really don't want you to burn yourself out. We all love you and are excited for the next adventure.
Happy to hear there will be more JAJ! I still remember watching the first season as it was coming out, i used to set time apart just to watch along with some snacks or pizza haha. I learned about a lot of places thanks to that series and imo it was the best way to experience that as someone living outside of japan. But man, 5 years already, can’t wait to see what else you’ve got in store, good luck man.
Natsuki has aged. And i say that with wonder and endearment 🙂 Appreciate his quirkiness and enthusiasm. Looking forward to more great contents, Chris
4:43 Wait, that's not American Pete - that's Pete Donaldson of the Sweden-famous Abroad in Japan Podcast!  Will this be the true Abroad in Japan Multimedia crossover experience?
daily abroad in japan videos? what a great way to end 2023
Just wanted to say that I truly appreciate the effort you put in to show the Japan that is not often seen. Its one of the big draws that I like about your videos and im excited for this new series. Hopefully your able to find more hidden gems around Japan, even if it is only a short video like this one.
CHRIStmas is coming early this year! 🎉
Oooooh can’t wait!! 😮
I'm happy I caught the notification the moment it came out! I'm so excited. And Chris, never worry about being like those YouTubers being far away from the camera and themselves. I think you are way too genuine and for that matter self-reflective to have that happen. You're the only YouTuber whose book I have bought, and hearing you narrate it was fantastic. As someone who has been with your channel since I was in middle school, (I'm 23 now). I'll be here till the end. I'm very excited about this new series. The original Journey Across Japan has a big soft place in my heart. Happy and excited for everything to come! Cheers!
I'm still hoping for a Taken for Garnted in the future.
I think anybody who says and truely thinks you dont produce enough content is a idiot who has no conception of what it takes to put together something like this. I wont pretend its a fast release cycle but it matches the quality of the content which basically 0 other channels can say
Hey Chris, good luck with the daily uploads! You're videos are great and I don't think any of us are holding you to pumping out videos. Quality > Quantity. You're channel is a pillar of that statement. Can't wait to make it to Japan to buy a home soon, hopefully one day I can buy you a drink! Been watching you since the blunder years and dang have you made it a long way :)
Which guest will Chris get into a romantic relationship this time???
JAJ got me through the pandemic
WOOO!
I am so excited and happy for you. Wishing you success on the new challenge and journey. I look forward to your British attitude in the snow.
For daily videos all you need is a good editor or editors, you film, upload to them to edit, and as you said in your podcast...you don't enjoy editing anymore and have your own editor(s)....you can do this ! Looking forward to it !
Happy to have seen you come so far. Keep on keepin' on
The Japan Reporter recently just made a video on why you're loved by Japanese people in which one of the reasons he stated is that you showcase the underappreciated parts of Japan, and you're about to do it again. Cheers!
So stoked for the new series! Also will you sell autographed copies of your book at some point? I have listened to your book on Audible and it’s by far one of the best books I have read this year. Would love to have a physical copy with your autograph to add to my book shelve.
Looking forward to it. I hope you enjoy it too.
I loved the original Journey Across Japan so much, there was something so special about watching your progression day by day! This is so exciting, thank you for bringing us this amazing content!
WOOO cant wait!
Looking forward to it. After reading your book I'm curious to learn more about the northern prefectures
you look so old
H.Y.P.E.!
💙
Journey Across Japan was one of the best things i was blessed to stumble upon in the last few years and i enjoyed it so much (and even more in preparation of my first Japan Holiday) and so I'm really looking forward to this series. Cheers Chris, may your videos never stop coming
Been watching this channel since its early days, it’s been unimaginably breathtaking to see how far you’ve come. Especially in regards to showing us places, regions and niche bits of Japanese culture that would otherwise be overlooked by other channels. Can’t wait to see your upcoming project!
Love the revamped set and the plans for JAJNSN.  Happy to hear that nobody should get anywhere close to heat stroke
I came for the PAA PAAA PAA PAAM PA PA PAAA PAM
The first journey across japan is still the best. It's longer... Which is great... But I think it was more about how personal it felt. It was just you cycling for a billion episodes. We saw the ups and downs. The others in the series feels more like actual travel documentaries. Very professional and scripted. There's a fucking billion of those around. Don't get me wrong... I still watch. Still good content. But I like the down and dirty, up close and personal content :P
WE ARE SO BACK 🗣️
I remember watching you promise the JAP daily videos and thinking that you were crazy. You were crazy.
Amazing man! Can’t wait to see!!!!
<3 <3 <3
love it
Can I subscribe for a second time? No? Oh alright, in that case, at least allow me to send a little thank you token for this exciting adventure you have chosen to make for us! Can't wait for December 2023 to enjoy on the sofa with a warm drink in hand ☕♨️❄️
Nothing can describe the nostalgia and feeling that first journey across Japan had. It was a beautiful mess and I watch it once a year. It got me through a tough time. I can’t wait for this!
Suddenly december became so much better. Can't wait.
Natsuki says the most outlandish things, the man is unpredictable. But he is so lovable as well. The way he spots a regular old phone and just says "Ooohhh ring-ring, ring-ring" for no reason is amazing.
THE OFFICIAL OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENT IS HERE!
You got this.  I'm looking forward to watching it.
First episode gon be with natsuki, cant wait
You've inspired me to visit Japan 3 times Chris! Thanks for all the great years. I wish you the best of luck in this December!
Sounds awesome. But look after yourself Chris, daily uploads can definitely take it out of you. Can't wait, though.
Like Magic!
One of the first "journey across Japan" type things I saw, was the Game Center CX "northern-most arcade" specials. I found it very charming and if I ever come to Hokkaido I want to try visit the same restaurants Arino did.
Already excited, can't wait! (=
I can't wait, very exciting
I’m always glad when you do northern Japan. Hoshino resort has been on my saved places ever since you went there.
I am super excited for this new chapter, I’m glad you’re taking us along for every step of the way. I have loved this channel so much for years and am looking forward to all the lovely new experiences and challenges. Chris you just seem like such a genuinely kind person at heart, inspired and funny. Honestly just wish you the most fun and success after success.
So excited for the next journey across japan! Hope it goes well!
I've come a long way from thinking you were a smarmy dickhole, I will always respect and appreciate you as a person and a creator and will continue to support you, Chris, my boy.
Cant wait for this!
Since the first time I discovered your journey across Japan videos I just knew that you need to get yourself signed on with the discovery channel and get them made feature length. Keep up the awesome work Chris
LETSSSGOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
I would love for you to narrate the BBC after David Attenborough.
Hell yeah brother! fired up for this🔥
Bros been hanging with Ludwig too much what is that click bait
Natsuki is the best. Lol.
You just get better and better Chris! Love to all in Japan!
looking forwards to this hard AF!
I am really excited for the new Journey across Japan Series
I'm confused by Youtube. I'm subscribed. I've got the notifications on. I hardly ever see any of your videos
When will Garnt show up on a Journey Across Japan?
So excited for this 👏👏👏
Where are those abs Chris?
Yes! We want chaos, wacky guests and audience participation with our Japanese experience. 🇯🇵 . You understand us well.
Have fun Chris can't wait to see this new adventure.
Love your channel and watching you grow Chris. It’s an absolute pleasure. Keep going 💪🏽
Chris, I've been a huge fan of your content for the last 6 years. You're videos inspired high school me to get out and see the world, and I just finished a month long backpacking trip in Europe to celebrate graduating from college! Thank you for these incredible videos, and can't wait to see what's up next!
Lobe it
If daily videos will burn you out, please don't do it. I would rather have 3 videos a week and have you end the series emotionally and physically healthy!
Im hyped for the new series but was hopeing for Journey across japan, fighting bears in every prefecture ;)
Live and let Diary could be a show title of it's own
You're still level headed and the quality of your vids lies in your humbleness.
Really looking forward to this. December has just got so much brighter.
Not Chris click baiting us with the thumbnail! I was sad to find you kinda right after your first journey across Japan. I'm excited for all the travel fun! I love your attention to your videos.
Happy to be here. Your book was awesome I read it in your voice and sarcasm
I started watching Chris about 7 years ago, and he's basically the only Youtuber I'm still watching from that "time period". I'm so proud to see how far he's come :')
I’m so glad I found your channel during the pandemic. Journey Across Japan was what kept me entertained while stuck at home, exploring Japan vicariously through this channel! Thank you for your videos over the years, Chris, and I’m excited to get watch yet another season of Journey Across Japan!  No bikes means no falling off, at least
I’m so excited! Tōhoku is the region I’m most fascinated about in Japan and I can’t wait to see it in all its wintery splendor!
I am sure that The Sun will rise from the west if you upload daily. I have learned not to believe those words.😂   However, I will be patiently waiting for every video you would upload, whether it is days, months or years apart.   Keep up the great work.❤
Haven’t watched your videos in a minute, maybe 1-2 years. Good to see you still making content.  Edit: actually, I remember the bicycle videos before I fell off. Jesus has it really been like 5 years. F Covid
buy up a Suzuki Jimny! Good for snow
Best of luck man, these big series (serieses?) are incredible to watch.
Can't wait for the new Journey. Learning so much for when I finally visit Japan. And also watching this video while my package of the Abroad in Japan book is arriving within the next hour. Can't wait for it all.
Sooooo excited for this chrisss🎉🎉
You moved the studio from Sendai to Tokyo? Where/when did I miss this? Was there a video about it?  All the questions!
I was watching Journey across Japan season 1 when I refreshed YouTube and saw this video.. I'm so excited for the new season and I love the name and logo! I wish you all the best, you work really hard :)
Extremely excited about this, videos about places in Tohoku were what initially got me hooked on your channel about 6 years ago and a whole new adventure in the region sounds like a great time
Pete’s rank as best American friend keeps falling 😭
So excited for this Chris, can't wait!
4:39 YAY
youre looking way healthier chris great work!
なつき老けたな〜w
Letting go of the editing, are we? I am impressed!
6 guests and still no garnt 😔
This is really exciting, looking forward to it!
Cat nation 2????
Excited for the next chapter!
Glad you found a way to make the daily video dream a reality without killing yourself this time! Been itching for more after finishing the audiobook so can't wait for this
❤❤❤❤
I got challenge is to pick out of top 5 toy in Japan and review them
Looking forward to JAJ NSN!
Been watching for years, love everything about JOJ always very excited to see more, you're honestly the best Chris!
i've always loved northern japan despite never having visited so this will be awesome! the original series was so fun to watch
THIS is what we needed to end of the crazy year that 2023 has been. So excited
So stoked for this series!
I'm so excited to see this happen, and I wish you the best of luck on your journey!!
Got a bit of a Christopher Walken hair style going on in this one.
Looking forward to the videos! Thanks for the content Chris!
Really cannot wait for this.
Awesome dude
With the previous teasers, the announcement on the podcast and now this video, I think you you’ve really succeeded in building the hype! Can’t wait!
Sweet! Looking forward to watching
super hyped!
Can't wait!❤
I'm super excited for this! Great journey, wonderful guests, and an absolute ton of fun that I'm sure is coming.
I’m so excited! December is gonna be a good month
Mate really appreciate the work you do Motivates me to make content related to India  Truly an inspiration Hope to see more of rissotoro
LFG! You got this, Chris!!
go chris! 😊
Have been watching your channel for a good ten years. Always interesting or funny. Or Both. Cheers to you and your friends. I've learned a lot. Fatty..
Brilliant.  I can't wait. :)
Was hoping Garnt was going to join you finally!
GO CHRIS!!!!!!!
Your journey across Japan has given me so any idea of places to go
really excited about this!
I look forward to it man.  Having left Japan a long time ago these help me feel connected to a culture we really loved while we were there.
Awesome idea. More Joey!!!
So happy you have an editing team so you can relax and enjoy it and not be so stressed out this time!
Spend 1 hour driving with the windows down!
You are the British version of Tokyo Cooney
omgg let's gooo!! very excited to see what's to come~
Looking forward to watching! Travelling without travelling
The fact that Journey across Japan came out 5 years ago already is insane. Excited for this new one! And Doctor Jelly!!!
Can't wait to see this series 👍👍
Damn Chris you had us there. Looking forward to JAJ. EXCITING TIME!!!😅
When I saw the title of the video, I got a little scared. But I can't wait what you have in store for us viewers! So happy I found you last year. You became one of my favorite YouTubers.
Big W, only a small wait
Been loving your videos since the early days and can’t wait to see where you head next. Thanks for all the years of knowledge and entertainment Chris!!!
You should have stickers for all of the Journey Across Japans 👍
I hope you do consider making a feature film someday. Your film making skills have improved so much that they look far better than any travel channel shows.
Video idea:  Maybe you can make a journey across Japan that focuses more on rural Japan and the people there and their customs and cuisine (something like that)?
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well done, Lad....
im so excited for this
Yay!! So excited 😊😊😊
So excited to see whats to come! Cheers, friend
7:03
JAJ1 is still the best thing that i have ever seen on youtube. I still watch it yearly and it cheers me up during the cold winter months and makes me feel happy and nostaligic of the time when i was waiting for your videos of that series back in high school. Let's do it again ay.
Your first JAJ made me a fan, you're an inspiration. Best of luck and don't overwork yourself!
Lies all lies 😌
early hello. i think you're a great person Chris
I’m very excited for this new series. All of the journey across Japan series so far have been nothing short of an incredible watch that I always enjoy from start to finish. With that being said, I look forward to it and good luck on this new journey across Japan series.
Just watched the announcement of this on the podcast, I'm beyond excited. I hope it goes amazingly well!
Yes Chris!! I'm so hyped! Everything looks great and I can't wait for the rest to come!
BELLINGOL BELLINGOL BELLINGHAM, É ELE 📸📸📸📸📸📸📸📸📸 O ILUMINADO, DO BELLINGHAM, MAS PODE CHAMA-LO DE BELLINGHAM, O INÍCIO AVASSALADOR EM LÁ LIGA 📸📸📸📸📸📸📸📸📸
You look really good, man.  It's very obvious at this point how much work you've put into yourself.  Not trying to be a weirdo, but just wanted to acknowledge your accomplishments.
"The bigger you get" Aren't you 5'4?
Love this idea! The travel videos were always my favourite😎
Love your videos Chris! Always Retwatching them <3 I can't wait for what's next!
Hello!
Chris! Love the book man!!
I still remember the day the original JAJ was announced, I was extremely excited, and here we are again 5 years later, and I'm just as excited! I'm so glad for getting an early-Christmas present haha ;)  Also, the studio is absolutely gorgeous !
Damn Chris' face looks slimmer, good job man
Always excited when I see a abroad in japan video pop up on my feed. Looking forward to what you come up with next and whatever it will be it's for sure going to be amazing.
Stoked!! You can do this my dude! 🔥🔥
Bro becomes 20 years older when he shaves.
I'm a comment
Fart 🔥💨🫘
its been ages chris, cant wait to see the new journey across japan !
Heard the Announcement on the Podcast. Really looking forward to this.  Especially because it will be curated experience. Not to throw shade, but following 8 hour twitch streams kinda doesn't work for me, so this will be great!
Can’t wait for another series together with natsuki!
Chris is moving to Scotland, no waaaay
Hi Chris!
I love your videos ❤
Love you Chris <3
Thank you for your amazing content Chris. You might be a sarcastic Brit, but you‘re lovely. I appreciate how you show so many barely known regions and aspects of Japan and how you don’t glamorize the country like others tend to do. Keep doing you :)
It's incredible to see your progress, good luck on the trip!
This thumbnail and title had me worried ngl. I’m glad it’s something positive lmao
The next step?   Grumpy old Englishman vlog, obviously.
I remember finding your channel when you first started, so happy for you and your success! It's been crazy seeing your channel get so big
Early Squad !
Just as soon as I pressed the video. I knew it was gonna be a new journey!
Been following for years. Read your book- it was great. You’re very inspiring! Excited for what’s next.
new level
Thank you so much for making videos for us all Chris 💕
First viewer is crazy, thought this was a leaving Japan video, but I hope you’re enjoying yourself and go through the next year stronger than ever
Thank You DAVE IN JAPAN, awesome as always!!!😊
Can i have potato?
Looking forward to it
Keep up the good work
🎉
First comment
Let's go
Fan since your first video!
Early gang where you at?
Bababooey
🎉🎉🎉🎉
Let’s go
Let's go Chris!!!!
Rarely have i cliked on a video faster.
Looking forwards to it 😊
Oh, im early for once❤
I’m only glad I kept the promise to watch your content for this many years my boy. Long live a broad!
Life man. Life
I got scared when I read that title....damn I'm paranoid
Lets goooooooo! 🎉 good luck, Chris
Lets gooo
Our boi is here
E
First 🎉
love your videos man they made me want to visit japan one day maybe after college
Absolutely hyped!!! Love you Chris ♥️
Oh I am so ready for this
Nice video, good job Chris
This sounds like a blast and im so excited to see yall embark on it 💪🏼
Cool vid man 👍
Yeah, first comment. I'm going to do A Journey Across Japan abridged series. Hello, from Jamaica 🇯🇲
LETS GOOOOOO
Y’all scaring me with these titles
Sounds great o/
What up mate,
Very excited
😊
Journey Achris Japan!
Very cool very nice   Just submitted my report!!💪🏽
Good luck Chris! Can't wait to watch this trip 🙏🏽
Wow I am scared now
Can't wait for the next Journey across Japan!
First and excited to watch
❤
FIRST
good luck
First 😊
👀👍
Yoo I'm first
OH MY GAWD
All the best
Oh no
First, I hate my self
Crazy world
Yee
Early early😊
Oh just got your book! Really love the content and appreciate your work and allowing us on this journey across Japan.
Hi bro
I love your vids ❤
first
❤
Well guys I hope you’re as excited (or as nervous) as I am about this. 2,000km, 21 days, 6 guests along the way. Together we’ll see discover amazing places, meet wonderful people and no doubt witness some rather crazy things along the way. Bring it on. And now it’s your chance to shape the series! Send us your challenges below and help make this a trip to remember! 🍻 https://www.abroadinjapan.com/challenges  🍿See BEHIND the scenes on Patreon and help us keep JAJ ad free! https://www.patreon.com/abroadinjapan
