Just a quick FYI - videos with giveaways tend to attract scammers. I will never post a comment asking you to text me or anything else. If there's no verification check, it's probably a scammer.
What watch are you wearing in the library?
I just watched this video and i bought the book from Amazon 45 seconds on
@jameshoffmann great book that captures all the useful info (and more) that's in the videos on here
The best coffee I ever tested was in Turkey prepared in a copper pot in sand
wtf? Does anyone else feel ripped off by this clickbait title? This video is not "How To Make The Best Coffee At Home." This video is "Buy my book about it."
thx for wasting my time
How to make coffee at home! Nonsense this was the worst way to learn how to make coffee. Advertising ad totally. This was total garbag!
You should not use such disingenuous video titles in your videos. This was a massive waste of my time. I can’t believe you would snoop down to this level. Very disappointing.
Wtf
My girlfriend saw me binge-watching your videos and gifted me your book for our anniversary. I've been studying your brewing recipes excessively ever since. Thank you for sharing your passion with us! :)
Is this a book's book? or it also works as an audiobook?
Good Luck with your book launch.
Every video should have the disembodied hands handing him stuff
James you have taught me so much. Just ordered you two books on Amazon. Thank you for everything. I didn’t know anything about coffee two weeks ago but after binging your channel I got an aeropress and a v60 switch and about 5 lbs of beans with a timemoore grinder. I’m having a blast and really enjoying coffee like I never have before. Thank you thank you thank you Sir.
Any advice for the best method to make coffee for two people?
My wife bought me this book for Christmas 2023. Now, while I can read, I don't, at all. Apart from stuff I have to read for work, I have never read a full book since i read a few of the Biggle's books as a kid 😅. I had already been hooked into this hobby by James' channel and I suppose I could  now be categorised as a 'coffee enthusiast'.   I read this cover to cover in less than 2 weeks. James' writing style just grabs you and doesn't let you go. He has a knack of dealing with the subject matter that it just sticks with you.  If you are into coffee your mind will just Hoover up the information encapsulated in this book. i can't recommend this book highly enough.     Even if you are just starting out, this book will give you a brilliant push into this madness we all love so well.  One last thing, this is a quality, hard bound book. It feels what a high quality book should feel like in your hand; just the right size, it's well balanced to hold and the paper, wow, this feels soooo nice in your hand. The whole package just oozes quality. I hope the companion Coffee Atlas is the same.   Thank you James.
I thought this guy would actually tell us how to make good coffee at home
if someone knows what mug is in the thumbnail please tell me
I just finished the book and started using your recommendations.. My coffee game has really improved and my mornings are sooooo much better now. Thanks James..
I love you : )
Just purchased a copy. Super detailed, clear descriptions and photos and so easy to follow. As a subscriber I obviously watch a lot of your YouTube videos (which are brilliant) already but the book is an absolute treat. I love the written word, so this purchase was a ‘no brainer’. Great book, James. I’m thoroughly enjoying it.
How to make the best coffee at home! Step 1: Buy this book. Step 2: talk about the book the entire rest of the video. Step 3: Never even show one step of actually brewing coffee. Step 4: “Let me know if it helped you make better coffee at home!”
Read both of your books and I just wish you have included a paragraph of how each region/variety/roast behaves, which temperatures are best, what sort of flavours to expect in comparison to what is written on a pack
Hi James. Thank you for teaching us about great coffees! I just purchased your new book. I live in Alaska and we drink lots of coffee 🥰
This is not a genuine video. It's a marketing material for a book. Wtf is wrong with you?!
I felt like i was watching a wes anderson short film 😂
Bought the book love it....I have watched almost all your videos it's still very nice to have a reference......and I am enjoying it very much - on my kindle......thanks for the kindle edition - I don't use cookbooks from kindle because its too messy but coffee can be read in advance hence no mess. Kindle misses out on visuals but with no loss regarding its usefulness....Excellent.
When I read it I hear your voice😂
This was totally click bait lol talks about a book, not how to actually make the coffee.
This guy talks too much. I just want to know how to make coffee maaaaan
you got it wrong! it is clickbait!
That book is making my mouth water. I’m a book fool bro.
With all due respect: There are TWO of your warehouses in Europe. Even Brexit can’t reverse the geographical facts.
Just bought the book and I already love it! Excited to make my coffee better this time ☕
Purchased this book through your Amazon link. Book was delivered to my doorstep the next day (Virginia, USA). Great book. Enjoying and learning a great deal.
I love your book! It’s fantastic and the language… pleasure to read! 🤩 However, when it comes to your audiobook… waaaaay too fast. A bit hard to relax and feel it because of the super fast pace… 🏃🏻‍♂️
Cutest coffee table!
well this is BullShit
Hello James, I am from Uganda and planning to open up a coffee shop for drinks, and looking for a trainer for my barrister. How can I get this book to use it in Uganda?
Excellent production values on this video. Looking forward to the book, just ordered from Amazon.
best book recommendation video
But you didn't answer the question : how to make the best coffee at home......
How about the next one is the best latte at home
@jameshoffmann, does the way you heat the coffee affect its flavor??? Ex, electronically, stove (gas), or any other way
I don't read books but I bought this, it came today and I'm so excited to read it because I love coffee and even though I have literally every coffee machine and or device for making coffee I can never get enough of learning about new ways to make it. I recently watched videos about the hario Syphon coffee device and I want it, even though I don't need it as I love my chemex, it's the way it works similar to watching a Moka pot brew it's so fascinating. 😂 I know I'm a few months late to the book but thank you for writing it, I'll definitely need it. ❤
To make the best coffee at home start with the best coffee. New York’s Favorite Coffee is the best coffee I’ve ever had.
How many takes?
Why is your camera voice sound better than sound booth voice‽
Is so cool. Like why cant youtube be british.   Like a parasocial developer in the consumer tech complex. Le mars cafe.
I love this guys voice
Any advice for Coffee lover who are struggling with acid reflux?
I was gifted your book for my birthday, and I love it! So informative and aesthetically pleasing to read.
I'm going to order your book, but where did you buy your shirt? :)
Wait isn't UK in Europe?
Hi James, it would be a nice idea to put barcodes,  which link to the relevant specific methods on your youtube channel in to the book. it could be nice to reach video tutorials directly from the book via phone apps. Thanks for putting such an effort.
Just ordered two from you shop. Still signed?
No warehouse in Asia?
Does the book have pictures?
Hi James, this isn't necessarily relevant to this specific video, but I was wondering if you have any thoughts you'd be willing to express in a video regarding Turkish coffee...
Does anybody know where the thumbnail mug (white with blue ring) is from??? My boyfriend is very difficult to buy gifts for, but he loves this channel and he LOVES that mug --  if anybody has information for me to go off of to try to find what mug it is and/or where to purchase it I would be so grateful!
Lovely book!
Hi James, I love your work and the book, thanks. I saw a small mistake I want to share with you. In Brewing control, Weight-based Control, "but may mot make" should be "not" instead of "mot" right?
I received this book from baby Jesus (Czech Santa) and I like the format and design :)   At page 42/43 I got a little lost regarding the effect of minerals and alkalinity on the coffee's taste. Only the effect of magnesium is explained, whereas the effect of calcium is missing. The effect of alkalinity is explained, but the definition of what alkalinity is, has been left out. It must have something to do with the pH, ions and buffer, but what exactly remains unclear.
Buying this from amazon for me costs about $50 with shipping. Price is listed $16.  This is insane in my opinion. Guess I regrettably will do without it.
Any tips to minimize staining of teeth?
Clickbait vid.
Think you should do a honest review on Alfie deyes coffee, future self coffee. My fiancé showed me his coffee and thought you should try it
Omg your book's (US) release was the same as my most recent book! We could do a joint birthday party where I pretend we're both contributing equally but we're both aware that your clout and popularity would be driving 99% of attendance. ;)
UK is in Europe???
I just bought your book
Click bait
I gotta say, after leaving Mormonism and never knowing how to make or drink coffee... You're channel is a miracle! Thanks James!
Could you please do a video about how to recreate diner-style coffee at home? My favorite diner uses a Bunn coffee maker and seems to have a hopper and grinder right next to it, also by Bunn, I think. The coffee is "bad," but also so good.
Just bought it! Looking forward to reading it and making my coffee at home a little better.
This is one ad/infomercial that I really didn't mind!
will there be a drm-free ebook?
Pretty cool stuff! Congratulations. Does this book explain why the standard for espresso shots is around 18grams now? haha I always remembered this being around 9g and a double being around 18g.
I want him to look at me the way he looks at coffee 😣
I just discovered your channel and would like a signed copy. How might I do so?
I am enjoying your book very much! I have learned more about making, tasting and enjoying coffee in four days than I did in the previous ten years. Thank you very much!
OMG!  All that coffee drinking made James grow a third arm.💪
Was late to see this video… Great gift book, for sure
Hi James, I really love your videos. I’ve learned a lot from them, I hope I’ll learn from the book too. Question: have you ever mixed essential oils with coffee? I haven’t but I want to try. Which oils do you think could work well? Citrus? Herby? Woody?
Do you have any video guides on picking the best grinder? I've seen fancy grinder comparisons and whether a cheap one is worth it... But what's the best grinder for your average person making french press most every morning?
Hi James. Just picked up How To Make The Best Coffee At Home on Amazon for my Kindle. Thanks so much! I can't wait to get into it.
Got an autographed book for Christmas yesterday. Best. Gift.Ever. ❤
I was most excited to receive "The Best Coffee at Home" just before Xmas.  I have been practicing the art of coffee making for a year now using espresso, Hario V60 & french press techniques. So whilst much of the content is familiar to me your book is still a tremendous read. In "coffee" there is always something to learn. Thank you James, wishing you, your family & all your supporters Happy Holidays!
Just bought my copy!
portuguese translation por favor
This is definitely NOT clickbait.. it is an AD for your new book!!  LOL 😂 But I'll still buy it tho;
Just bought it as a present for my boyfriend who's obsessed with coffee
I've been watching your videos with a lot of interest. Full disclosure, rocket scientist here, I used to brew all grain beer and loved the tinkering and figuring out. Albeit, the alcohol was a slight issue, can't drink that much tasty brew and function... Now, coffee - At some stage in the last 6-7 years, I got enticed by light roasts out of curiosity and honestly, I seem to have nearly no tolerance for darker roasts now. Fench pressed them, moka pots, electric drip brewer, turkish style... And I thought I had a generally good experience with drinking what I brewed.  UNTIL your comments about muddy coffee got me thinking that mearly all those methods do deliver kind of muddy coffee, well, unless I spend a lot on more controllable burr grinders. So, I took the chance and got myself a hario v60 flask and some papers. Still ground up the coffee with my bladed little grinder but tried to stop before making excessive fines. OMG, I can taste the sweetness! There is a night and day difference. Could just call it the paper filter difference but I think that woukd be injustice, the process is so much simpler and controllable by pouring over than all previous methods I've done with the same grinds. And I'm just pouring from a normal kettle too. In beer brewing we used to call this sparging technique - how you rinse the sugars from the barley through the hust and grain filter bed. Hands down, speed of sparge, grind size and avoiding channeling are the most effective changes to be made. Seems it is exactly the same with coffee. My feeling is that fines aren't themselves a problem but the absence of enough right sized grinds is an issue which also controls the % of fines in there. In fact, some fines where the majority of the coffee is ground coarser would provide an optimum flavour extraction. As a corrolary to beer brewing, you can just increase the amount of husks in the mash but that can often lead to astringency. I wonder if a particular grinding method leaves a portion of coffee skins intact that form a natural filter more effective than the grinds themselves - not becoming stuck.  As a last note, thank you for making these videos. They are immensely helpful and enjoyable too.
that slurp at 1:20 was one of the most succulent slurps i have ever heard, what a champion
Phenomenal. I just purchased the book after watching this great video.
I'll pick up the book soon no doubt...but what I really want help with is how do I get white teeth again without giving up coffee??? 🤔🤓
Did you ever try a Brim coffee maker auto drip?
I don’t know what it is, but I can really feel the influence of Darren Brown on James’s style in this video.
You're such a weird coffee person James
How do people write whole books I never understood that
Coffee, there are different grades like everything we consume, for example cinnamon The cinnamon brought to the consumer is of lesser quality,i drank once a coffee from McDonald's and this package which was served was of high quality which altered my mind giving access of pleasure i had never experienced.i understand THE BEST QUALITY I WILL GIVE TO THE WORLD
Coffee abstract s viral nutrients from you, having said that,as i sip my jack in the box coffee i realize coffee is a piece of heaven
Ordered the book. Will receive it today! Very excited!
“And for fans of audiobooks … don’t worry we’ve-“ Ends video  Goes to audible  Sorted   😂
I love the shirt + jeans James is wearing. Any ID on them?
Come on James, you're better then this. A warehouse in the UK IS a warehouse in Europe. You, Brits are just as European as us, the continental pleb.
Please review IKEA coffees?
0:48 That's some smooth advertisement! 😁
Way to speak directly to your consumer and address their need. Ordered.
As of Nov 13, Is the signed copy Sold out in the US?
Nice catch. How many takes did it need?
I'm getting my family a couple of copies and a couple Aeropresses along with some beans this year. Perfectly timed.
James, have done or considered doing a video about coffee subscription services? Are they a good way to try different coffees? Do you get a better overall product, and so on?
I have a question for you James. Should you spend more money on a good coffee grinder and less on the maker or more on the maker and less on the grinder. This is for filter coffee.
James, James, James,  millions and millions and millions of people worldwide make a very good to a great cup of coffee everyday without all these formulas, ratios, precise water temperature, fresh ground fresh before every cup, goose neck kettles, adding water and timing letting it steep before adding more water, pre-wetting the filter.   I guess the question is what do they know that coffee experts have absolutely no clue of.
This aint click-bait? I do appreciate a good click-bait video.
I never drink coffee. I tried it a few times and decided I didn't like it.  I used to just make a normal filter coffee for my husband in the mornings, but he recently purchased an aeropress. I happened to find this channel on it, and have been watching quite a few of the videos because of it. I enthusiastically tried to follow the advice and my husband told me the coffee was so much better! \o/ So I told myself I had to try it, and...   it still tastes awful. It's bitter and smells bad. I quickly handed it over. I'm just not made for coffee. :(   But my husband is getting better cups out of this, so yay!
Great can u make it in french for a gift.
I bet he has the most delightful coffee breath
Definitely want this book!🙌🏻
Great book James, bought it as an ebook, couldn’t wait to read it. Great reading! It’s going on my christmas list, so it can go on the bookshelf as well 😊
Watched the first five seconds and instantly bought that thing! Thanks for all your great work, James.
Crazy how much nicer sound was in that library
Kid: I want the best coffee at home. Dad: we already have the best coffee at home at home. The best coffee at home at home:
Begins the video by saying ”this is not clickbait”. Proceeds talking about the book instead of the subject. 😂
What do you do if you don't like coffee?
What about Africa?
Asia =(
James, this is a nice practical book that comprises most of the techniques and information found on your channel. Espresso brewing is a challenging thing to master and I’m grateful you dedicated so much pages to it. However I’m somewhat disappointed not to find a section dedicated to troubleshooting espresso. If others also find this useful, I know I would, maybe add it in future editions of this book. Best wishes!
James, your content is wonderful and enlightening. You’re the Attenborough of the coffee world! Just got your new book delivered in hardback today. Really looking forward to reading it. Keep up the stellar work my friend. Greetings from Richard in Dublin, Ireland.
Got my copy the other day. Have to say, very nice quality book; inside and out.
Well maybe there ia also the question.  Which makes the better Coffee in at the end a simple way.  Moulinex Subito Mini or Melitta AromaBoy or Melitta Single5 / Single5 Thermo  We all know even If we have 800ml of brewing water or more the contact time of water and Coffee is too long.
My personal suggestion if ur interested in esspresso is to try a moka pot first because its not as fussy with the grind size and it gives you something that is not the level of esspresso  but closer in flavor. Doesnt cost hundreds of dollars id also buy any conical bur grinder that isnt sus and you will be ok. You want this for moka pot and really need it for esspresso if you decide it isnt for you ur not out much
Just bought your book, haven't put it down all day. Really interesting, lots I hadn't considered before. And cannot wait to put what I have learned into practise. Thank you for producing this book. It's such a lovely layout, great photos and colour scheme etc. So thank you also to everyone who helped create this book.
Sir, ...i am here for good coffee and not for a Book.  (Maybe i will look into that book but anyway...i thought it's about making Coffee)
Oops, missed the signed copy 😢
God your videos are just so well made. Thanks James.
James, Have you ever done a video or explanation on how to make basic coffee day to day at how without any special equipment. People just want a decent cup o Jo to get out the door in the morning. Thanks for all you do.  Walter
Just bought it ❤
wait, i thought everyone knows that espresso is drank in the afternoon ?  🤣
This man is exactly as alert and mobile and animated as I would expect a man to be who spent 20 years just doing coffee shit nonstop allthetime
Reported for clickbait advertising.
UK is in Europe.
Hey, James, I preordered two signed copies (including a gift) immediately on September 6 after watching your video. I live in the US so the expected release date was October 4, however Ten Hundreds Thousands *still* hasn't even shipped the books. I already blew past the gifting window but I'd still love to get the books! I'm trying their support (again) but just wanted to let you know so that, in the future, you might consider another book seller. Love your videos and still very excited to receive my signed copies (and find another great excuse for a gift).
Will there be a new notice with the signed copies are available again in the US? I really want to give for Christmas
Coffee? I was here for storytelling
So I guess the best way to brew coffee at home is to have to buy the book about how to make the best coffee at home ?  really?
Looking forward to this! New subscriber.
Hey I'm in the usa and want a signed copy whats up?
One shot intro to the book…..respect!
Hi. Just received your book and it is amazing. The experience has been spoiled by Amazon and their delivery service, since they just put the book inside a cardboard sort of envelope and all the corners of the book are damaged. Not very badly, but noticeable, as they have turned white. It's a pity because the book's covers look and feel really good, and they should have treated it with more care. @jameshoffman
Just got my signed copy!
中文版中信集团还会引进吗？
"how to make the best coffee at home" Do you have the Chinese-simplified version?
Picked up on Audible.  Thx
Hello James -- not sure if you read the comments of YT videos. Just had your book land from Amazon AU to me here in New Zealand and I love it ... except the cover is superficially damaged (enough to make my top left eye twitch) - not sure if its an Amazon thing or a manufacture thing. Either way, the pseudo environmentalist in me does not want a replacement or return etc. I can simply fix it with the correct colour of green -- so here is the question - what is the RGB or Pantone colour value of the green and I can sort this eye twitch of mine.
<3
Isn't the UK part of Europe??
My book came in today!☕
Can we get a video of you reading the book out loud?
Anyway my comment will never make it to the top but I would like to ultimate good expression guide for lazy people on a budget.  If I am trying not to go banckrupt and I would like to have the most consistent and reliable way to buy a machine that will allow me to make espresso very simply, what would be the best setting?
Congrats!
When is the version in Spanish? Please keep us updated. Thanks
Just received the book, it is only missing your signature!  Listened to the audiobook over the past 2 weeks.  Thanks James
Like the vintage look of the cover of the book. Wish to collect the book by Coffee Guru.
How much
Finally. Audiobook by James
I'm really surprised how affordable the book is. Clicking on the link I was expecting something in the 20s or even the 30s. £12 is an absolute bargain.
I'm still waiting for my two pre-order copies from September 6 to be shipped. The website says "Pre-ordered signed copies will dispatch on the 14th of September." Fingers crossed that I'll still receive mine!
I hope the second edition of this book has a chapter on how to roast your own coffee at home
Jaaaaaaaaaames!! could you make a video about coffee fermentation process? it seems that this subject create some debate wether fermentation affects coffee flavors or not. What's your opinion? Really appreciate your hard work and thank you!
I am LOVING the Wes Anderson-iness of this video 💛💛💛
I bought three
Out of Stock! :'(
Being in a library and talking out loud gave me an unexpected amount of anxiety that I was not ready for.
I never had the best coffee (French-pressed) brew until I followed James' procedure on French-pressing.  Have you had your coffee already? Lots'a love, cheers, & Mabuhay, from tropical Philippines!
I got the book and paid to get the signed copy. Considering the price difference, I was terribly disappointed that the signature was just written on a badly cut white label and simply stuck in the front of the book. I also wrote an email about it but have yet to hear back. A real shame considering I really love this channel.
does this have an audio book option
Ordered
i would like to know what you think of "single serve pour over coffee bags"  . i couldnt find a video related to it .  Just tried a sample from a movie theatre and it was more than decent.
Can you make a video on the ottomatic 2.0 by Chemex
I received the book in a really bad state (ordered via Amazon), can't recommand to order it (at least via Amazon, the packaging is way too thin). So now, I've just have to ask to a refund ;/
No thank you James, your YouTube posts are entertainment enough !
Hello, I ordered the book right after I saw the video from tenshundredsthousands. Even thou with additional shipping cost it would be expensive than the obtaining from Amazon. I did not mind that small difference with the idea that I am getting really cool signed book.   I did not receive the book but I have received the update mail, saying that book itself actually not signed but have signed individual paper in it. I am not daring to say this is scam but it is completely deceiving people as how you show signature in your video 2:52 . While showing openly in video book is signed by hand and after people started to receive it saying sorry it has actually has just a note, again it is complete deceiving your audience and That is not how you do things.  And It not that sorry we were not clear, watch your own video and see how clear you were, that is not called not being clear that is show how being deceiving. With your great quality work and admiration to you, I don not want to be toxic here but I am just saying c'mon.  You have mentioned you did not wanted to increase the cost, well I have an answer to that also, I don not think taking a flight ticket to Germany warehouse and signing the books costs that much, It would take your time and with hotel and all others would cost 1000 pounds but real question here is does that amount really increasing the cost of book by how much 30p.??  Just please change your statement also saying cost just make you look funny and I do not think your audience is this naive to believe cost. As you see just after seeing the mail I had the travel idea and signing at warehouse and do not tell people that you were not able to think about it.   You have great work and great talent and this situation is just a really big shame on you. Even if you did not wanted that you deceive your audience. Shame.
James, do you have any review of Cafe Bustelo from a moka pot?
James, could you cover coffee storage again? I'm wondering if argon gas purging might have a noticeable effect? It would also be a good chance to warn people away from using oxygen absorbers, as the oils in an anaerobic environment might actually encourage the growth of botulism.
Do you have a preferred way for people to buy the book -- for instance, do you keep more of the profit through B&N rather than Amazon?
In case you're ever looking for ideas for videos: I'm kinda curious about things you can put in coffee, especially stuff like biscotti, donuts, or ... I dunno, marshmallow?  Something like absorbent foods that are neat to have by dunking or partially dissolving in coffee.  Mostly for variety about things to change up the coffee routine.
I’d love it if you could have a look at the ESE pad format, and machines like the La Piccola Piccola! ❤
Great expectations from this but unfortunately the volume just came in from Amazon. The cover green paint was all ruined by the contact with the cardboard envelop and the angles of the beautiful rigid cover got botched. I had to return it. Hope to get a new and better copy soon 😢
My 2 signed copies arrive in NL yesterday. Amazing! I ordered 2 copies because one is a gift to a friend who started a cafe ( a coffee shop in the Netherlands means something different) because of his passion for coffee. Sometimes passion for good coffee and entrepreneurship doesn't always end in a sustainable living and the cafe is floundering. I am hoping that he gets enjoyment from the book but also hope that he finds some way to monetise it by creating content where he speaks to his differences in opinions of various aspects in the book. Here's to inspiring him to be creative and get as much enjoyment from it as he can. And it also serves as a reminder that very many people care about good coffee. This is a great way to anchor that with him.
@James , can you make a video for the most portable coffee equipment for traveling pls. 🙏🏻
Hypertension
Hi, James! Is it possible for wholesale purchases?
Here to appreciate how our guy at 1:43 swirls the V60 after the pour hahaha
hi, kindle version please. it will be much better to serve worldwide
Hoff your incorporation of long takes is really something special
The book is great and works well alongside the videos on here. Not read all of it yet but getting there. My wife has read some of it and now makes much better filter coffee!  I ordered mine through Amazon and the first copy was all scuffed on the corners and edges as it was just loose in the cardboard envelope, and I don't think being forced through our letterbox helped either. The replacement was better but still showing some damage on the corners. Had any local bookshops had it in stock I would have purchased it that way rather than Amazon.
Your genuine smile at the end. Awww
Where to buy the signed copy in the US?
Would you be releasing a kindle edition or something in the future?
Sad that you need an additional warehouse in the EU now just to ship outside the UK. Brexit is such a disaster.
Where's the shirt from?
Love that one-take shot so many coffee details in one!
Vert impressed with the one roll shot, was kinda expecting a blooper wheel of mistakes and spilt coffee.
Congrats James Hoffman.
This will be my gift for myself this Christmas...Best regards... I'm excited, can't wait
Hi, James. Just want to say, thank you. I've found out about you 1 year ago, when I started working at a coffe place. I've learnt so much so far, mostly thanks to yours videos and recommendations of books and more. It is actually crazy to me how much I improved with the coffee (and even more crazy how much I still have to learn). Now, I can even distinct some of the most known regions that produce coffee (omg I just love kenyan coffees), and also have tried some really interesting. like Rwanda futi intango f.e. (and more anaerobic or semi anaerobic coffees). Well anyway, my life changed a lot thanks to you in the past year and also I'll 100 % buy your book. Can't wait 'till the end of the month when it gets shipped to continental eu.
Click bait
Well this looks like a mighty fine Christmas gift.
@James Hoffmann, I apparently have arrived late to the party as well. Are all signed copies for the US completely spoken for? Would love to have been able to pick one up.
auto translate beautiful 🎉
I just learned via Twitter that the "signed version" just got a signed sticker put onto them. I have to say that I am now very glad I didn't order one. I understand that it's a matter of logistics and distribution but honestly, I'd expect a truly signed copy.
Hi James, I hope you read this. Have you done a video on trying the different types of dairy milk substitutes, oat milk, rice milk etc. I would like to go non dairy but unsure of exactly what is available. I am now living in China which makes it even more difficult. The city I'm living in has gone through an explosion of cafes, producing a wide range of  coffee selections. The market here is growing at an incredible rate, especially amongst the young Chinese, 18 year olds up to 35 year olds from my observations.
Excited to see your new book, but wondering how difficult it will be to purchase in China. China being the fastest growing and one of the largest markets for coffee in the world. Love living here in China and love coffee.
"Published: 15th September 2022"  Oh hey, that's today
Received my 'signed' copy today. All well with the book itself. Beautiful, well laid out and informative (as one would expect from James). However, it falls short in that, in my opinion at least, a signed sticker stuck on a page, does not constitute as a signed copy of a book.
Pre order complete
Is a physical copy available in India?
How to get the audio version?
Got my signed copy today, great layout, well conceived and informative book. Thanks James!!
My book arrived today, and it does look great, and I'm sure it will be an invaluable resource.  However, saying that my copy was signed is a stretch at best.  Sticking a pre-printed label of James' signature on the inside cover is disappointing.
Thank you for all you do James, I am definitely gifting myself a copy. You rock ☕🚀
Feedback on the ‘signed’ book option.  A) you didn’t sign the book, instead there is a sticker applied to a page in the book.  B) the signature looks like its actually a print/reproduction.   Even if I’m wrong on B, that’s a pretty tatty and amateur touch.  Won’t be falling for that again.
i bought the e book
Does James own or operate any coffee shops – specifically in London?
Unfortunately, the book is sold out even on Amazon
Congratulations!
I love the 2:26 touch, makes the video more personal :-D and ironically the audio from the audiobook announcement part is in worse quality then the rest of the video. But I love all your content Mr. Hoffman ;)
I got some "Mrwhosetheboss" videos vibes here :D . Congratulation on lunching such a book and keep up The Good Work.
No delivery in india 🥲
will be available in spanish ??
Ordered!!
Have you tried a Bamix Grinder
I want the hard cover. Unfortunately I live in the country where shipping fee is almost the same as book price. But I already preordered in Apple Books. Cannot wait to read it.
Love the video. Love the chapter breakdown. Lol
I live in Chinaaaa !!! Will someone have mercy on me and send a copy? Pleeeeeeeeease!😢😩
aaaaaand it's preordered
Will we see a review of the coffeeb machine? The coffee machine with coffee balls.
Does it include a chapter on Turkish coffee method?
Ok mf. I'll buy your book
Great vid, as always, but.... can we get a bripe update?
Will the book be translated in Italian?
I already pre-ordered mine!!!
Congrats on the book! Can't wait to read.
Pre-ordered my copy!  I "learned" what coffee is through your channel after years of butchering what I thought coffee was.
Waiting on some signed copies :)
How does it differ from the 2nd section of the world atlas of coffee though, which is described as:  The second section explores getting the best from the coffee you buy at home. Various brewing methods, including espresso, are covered as well as the finer details of water and coffee grinders themselves.
I was just able to find your older book in my country. This will take years again 😭
James I have ordered your book. Look forward to your signature!and reading tips. I have learnt a lot from you, so its a support. Look forward to more of your teaching. I will let you know if i learn more from the writtend
I see some overlap between the world atlas book and this one. I'm wondering what the main differentiators are, seeing as I already have more than the basics I'm wondering if world atlas of coffee would be more suitable for me? 🤔
I want this coffee book for my coffee table, but alas, the hard cover version is not available in India. Only the Kindle version is available.
Who’s voice is in the audio book?
Fun video! I already buy and drink the worlds highest coffee ☕️..
Who is going to tell this poor man that I drink my coffee with a quarter of it being milk and sugar?
Here I am drinkin my nescafe an Dis Niga got me tinkin bout artizan coffees and tings
I swear I’m not here for the content; I’m here to hear him talk🤣♥️
Congratulations on your book and awesome promotional video !
Can’t wait James!
How are your teeth not yellow?
Love this! Ordered, can’t wait to get mine :)
I am so glad to hear you did an audio book too. I was about to comment that you should, but you were way ahead of me. As someone with ADHD it makes it easier to read and retain info i'm reading to read and hear it being read at the same time. Thanks! I cant wait to pick up both!
My condolences on the passing of your sovereign, HRM Queen Elizabeth II. Was Elizabeth a coffee drinker or did she stick to tea? Long live the King.
2 copies ordered instantly.
I like this 👍
5% Dislike self promo.
Gonna order a book now!
I LooooooooVeeeeeeeee the video, love how you caught the thrown coffee bags at you with it looking! And the cold brew! 😁👍🏽
Hello, if you have some time, I want to discuss with you about the business.
Do (any of) you think that it’s a good book for somebody looking to open a coffee shop?
I'd like to see the outtakes and bloopers from the king of this video.Let's have some fun !
This video had some Alton Brown Good Eats vibes.
Any chance of an audiobook/book bundle? while I'm 1000% more likely to listen to the book than read a non fiction cover to cover, I also like to go back and read the stuff I want to make sure I retain (also quick reference is much easier in a book and I want to build the library of my dreams, dammit!)  Also will the audiobook be downloadable or must we go through a rental service such as audible?
I was wondering if you had a recipe for home made Chai Latte?
i kinda want to see this guy try MRE instant coffee
Dude sold out his signed copies in one day. Impressive.
Looking forward to learning and putting that knowledge to good use.
I’ve watched most of your videos. So far I haven’t seen you make a video about Vietnamese coffee, that slow dripping coffee  into condensed sweetened condensed milk. I’ve been to Vietnam a couple of times, and I really like it. I think they use Robusta beans, witch gives the coffee a hint of chocolate taste. I have one of those stain-lees steel things ( I bought it in Germany at a Asian market place) and sometimes I prepare a cup for breakfast, but with Arabia beans, since I cant buy true Vietnamese hole coffee beans in Sweden .
Looking forward! 🇨🇦
Love some good use of hammer space, well done on the long take
Unclear on why this is No1 in wine growing on amazint DE. Did I miss something
I wanna know your comment on Indonesia's "kopi tubruk"
super cool. very awesome. keep up the great work. I'm getting that for sure.
That’s so exciting! Can’t wait!
Definitely going to be buying the audio book! Love audible and love hearing you read! Like hearing the Gandalf of coffee teach!
It says that the UK warehouse copies are sold out but how do we sign up for signed copies in the US?
Bought it.. thanks
I just, I just can’t own a green book. It must be red. Please send a signed copy of a red book. Thanks James.
Hallo, have you ever try the Stone Espresso machine ? Have been thinking of buying it for my home espresso
SLURRRRP!
Watching this at 2:40am and getting excited to brew my coffee in the morning!
That no-look double catch of coffee beans the beginning was one of the most subtly impressive things I’ve ever seen
I would love a spanish version i could gift my father.
This was just as much a lesson in how to create a good video
I just ordered as I am watching (Kindle Version).  I just love coffee, and I started home brewing at southern part of India.  Your tips really helps trust me.
I wonder what coffee the Queen liked at home?
Already preordered it. Looking forward to getting it in Germany :)
Thanks for all of your good work educating us all. I've pre-ordered one for me and two for friends who will truly appreciate it.
Any thoughts on coffee balls (coffeeB), seems to solve the waste problem with capsules. But are they actually any good?
This has to Hames Joffman. No?!  ""Working coffee" (at least you didn't say "curating"),   "concise" (6 chapters and hardbound)  "not going to pretend that if you... [have watched every video ever made, read every book, treatise, scholarly article whether peer-reviewed or not ever written,  about,  or that mentions or refers to coffee (with the term coffee defined to include the plant, its beans or any consumable made thereof),  the history, growing, harvesting, marketing, selling, or consumption thereof and] are a skilled, skilled home brewer that this book is going to be truly essential to you" (well, all I can say is thank you Lord Joffman for imagining the theoretical possibility of the existence of a creature who might not find this book essential to making a cup of Joe).     Alas, I have never worked coffee. In 40 years I never progressed beyond what I would describe as, forgive me, brewing coffee. Although there was a  time when I went down the dog bowl, heat gun home-roasting, espresso machine hot-rodding rabbit hole, only to discover, as I'm sure James would agree, that all you really need to make a good cup of coffee is a seriously good grinder, good water (maybe the trickiest bit actually), quality, freshly roasted beans and a little practice. That's it. I've just got everyone 95% of the way there. For free.  Wait! Silly me, I get it. You are out Hamesing Hames. Well played James. Well played!!!
Yay for audiobooks😃✨✨✨
Hey! Can you PLEASE do a review on the palm press! Thanks!!!
Its a coffee table book about coffee.
Congrats James! Ordered - I'm in Aus so I'll just have to get you to sign it in person one day! =P
I found this after finding the "Unhelpful" Hames Joffman version of this video . @James Hoffmann - just wanted to confirm you were aware / responsible for that channel also.
Hot dang, wonder how many takes this needed. This is the slickest promo I've ever seen.
👍🏻🌠🌠🌠🌠🌠
Hahaahah! How many takes did that dual coffee bag throw, take?
Good is the enemy of great.  The "Ahhh" after the cold brew sip was a bit telling
Can't wait to snag a copy!
Quick geography note: UK is in Europe. Even used to be part of the family.
Went from this video directly to your site, to get two signed copies (one for me, one for a friend); happy, filled in all the details, until I've seen €24.20 shipping for a €42.80 order... (and the UK site don't want to send it to me) - so, sadly, it seems I'll have to return to Amazon 😞
"One in the UK, and one in Europe" Finally, someone says how it is...UK is NOT Europe. Thanks from the EU
yessss! audiobook!!
Any insight for buyers from France ? On Amazon there's only the kindle version. Thanks 👍🏻
Is it nearly christmas? I'm sure this will be under a lot of trees!
Congrats on the book!!
At nearly 40 I finally moved from tea to coffee as a habit. I love the ritual. Seems I like a thick meal in a cup immersion method earlier morning and a clean filtered cup during the day. Think I’ll get your book.
What’s the name of the library he shot that in?
Australia doesn't seem to be covered by a Warehouse
sshshshh... shut up i take my money already!
I've forgot to finish the check out on Tuesday. Now the signed copies are out of stock??? 😭 I'm so pissed! Can't you just sign some more? Pretty please!!! 🙏
Congratulations on the book.  Look forward to reading it.
please release more signed copies in europe <3
Do Hong Kongers make the cut for delivery too? 😳 So excited for you and your team! Congratulations 🎊
@James, great videos! Please tell me where to find those white holders with the spouts you use for beans 😀
‚One is in the UK, one is in Europe‘‘. I thought…well…
I am really excited to buy your book! Wondering if you can recommend another book about how to run a cafe?
So excited for the book. Love the channel and info. Bought one for me and one for mom to go with the V60 and grinder I'm sending her for her birthday.
0:48 to 2:27  Wow. That was all in one take?
I am such a fan of you and this channel. I really like how transparent you are about any and all affiliations. The fact that you refuse free testers to ensure your reviews and opinions are completely unbiased is fantastic and rare. Then giving them away to Patreon supporters on top of that! It's just great. I've learned so much from you and my coffee game has taken a huge step up. My brother and I really got into your videos after we started looking for a new espresso machine to replace our old, failing one. Now our setup has grown quite a bit, unfortunately still at the low end of things but we still see a clear improvement. I wanted to give back so I made sure to pre order the signed edition, along with a bag of coffee. Wish you nothing but the best my friend!
5 minute book commercial :-(
Thank you James, I have just ordered a copy.
Please tell us, where can we buy that shirt from?
How to roast coffee like Nescafe Gold What is the temperature and how many minutes ?
Are the signed US copies sold out? Says the product is unavailableb :(
Surprised no warehouse in Asia or Australia…
Hames joffmann has for sure influenced his video style nowadays. I love it
I might get this book for my sister as she does like her coffee
Good video. The version with me in it was better.
Can you do a review on the KitchenAid Burr Grinder? There are no expert reviews and I've been curious about the one for a while.
Looking forward to the section on Turkish/middle eastern coffee! I'm sure there will be a section on brewing Ethiopian coffee in a traditional jabena as well!
Gutted that signed copy for UK is already sold out.
Whelp, I just bought the book
Hello J:. Did not see the link(s) you mentioned?
Would be cool to see you on The One Show.
US, UK AND Europe?? Europe is still a continent the UK belongs to even if they left the European Union, why would you not just mention the actual country? That was SO weird...
The commercial after this video was for a coffee alternative that started out with the words" big coffee lied to me", BWAHAHAHAHA
love this book concept. looks great and might buy one
Exciting news! Wishing you a ton of success with the book :)
Coffee that's perfect for the weather, thanks for sharing this James.
I've been trying for six months to learn how to make one damn cup of delicious coffee a day at home. During this time I realized one important thing: WATER. With the wrong water, you can do anything, but you will never get really tasty coffee. If it seems to you that you are doing everything right, but the coffee is not tasty - visit cafes where you like coffee and ask them what kind of water they use. Get this water and try making coffee with it. The difference in taste from the same preparation using different water can be shocking.
This is a time consumimg scam for selling his book. I will ask for it to be removed.
I've pretty much enjoyed all your videos and seeing that you are publishing this book made me order it immediately! Looking forward to it. Keep up the good work.
Dose any one has scat rao every thing but esspersoo plz am tird of looking for it🙏
do you ship to iran?
Question... what is the purpose of a book in today's world? Humans naturally learn better through visuals i.e. videos. You can find almost everything on YouTube that you could find in an instructional book only you will learn it much faster and it will be easier to understand what you are supposed to be doing because you are seeing it. Maybe it's because I'm young, but for example I've never once thought, " I need a recipe to make chicken, let me buy a book". No, I just youtube or Google it.
How do I get the copy he signed in this video?
Looks great. Preordered on Amazon
I'm glad you can spread your gospel in written form. I'd totally get a copy if I wasn't broke, hope it sells like crazy!
I am really looking forward to the audio version!
"One is in the UK, one is in Europe". Lol, it's funny how Brits treat Europe like they're not a part of it. (More true post-Brexit)
Just in time for Christmas gift shopping!
Loving the James Hoffmann x Old Spice vibes, I want more of this in his videos.
Watch James' eyes at 1:00, as he catches those packets of coffee beans coming in from stage right. Nothing. No movement.  This man could be a stone cold killer with those kind of skills :)🤣
James Hoffmann! Love your videos! Just a casual coffee lover trying to learn more. I used to love a morning coffee, but so many brews seem to upset my stomach as I get older. By chance can you do an episode/short on coffees that are easier on the stomach? Is there such a thing?  THANK YOU!!
1:21 Dyson should be studying James to figure out how they can increase their hoovers’ powers to match his coffee tasting suction!
Pre-ordered! I'm very excited!
Excited to order your new book!  I’m relatively new to your YouTube channel, but have really enjoyed your videos.  Congratulations on the book!
Ordered!
Can I ask, will there be an outtakes video from this ? Or was James a legend and nail it in one take ? 😉👍😂
Amazon one sucks. Ships october even for europe.
Making coffee more accessible for everyone. I love it. Well done James and to the coffee community, authors and content creators. It's a pleasure to be a part of this.
Hi James, just got myself a WPM 310, wondered if a review would be worthwhile doing. It’s becoming quite a common machine in China homes and coffee shops. Thanks
What if I'm not so snobbish?  Maybe I would just like to brew a cup that's tasty and doesn't suck. Not one that will receive a blue ribbon at a World's Fair.
You should review Martin Hudak's The Spiritual Coffee.
I want to see a blooper compilation of every time James dropped those bags of coffee explaining the first section of the book lmao
There are only three steps for perfect coffee step one go to supermarket buy a jar of instant coffee step two equipment one kettle,one mug step three spoonful of instant coffee in the mug then tip in boiling water then drink perfect you can't  get better
Not that you need, but I with you the best of luck and quick sales for this book!  And thank you again for sharing your knowledge and helping people like me make and drink better coffee.
Hi James. Looking forward to the book. Pre-ordered via Amazon.
Released just in time for my birthday. Thank you and congrats on the release of your book. 😁
“Who is this book for?”  Me: *my mom, a coffee addict* 🤭
My wife saw James while i was watching this video and she said "So this is how the old Harry Potter looks like. "
Remember the more advanced home baristas, the Hoffmann still has you covered with the World Atlas of Coffee
I think I might be able to answer who this book is _not_ for, but I could be wrong. It's not for anyone who likes roasts that are say 3-4 on a 1-5 roast scale (5 is obviously the exception because it's espresso). Which means that it's not for anyone with a "normal" definition of coffee, which means the vast majority of the coffee drinking population.  A funny thing about the light roast enthusiasts is that they're kind of like religious zealots, or coffee fashionistas is probably a better analogy. There's definitely something about this phenomenon that goes together with certain gentrified parts of the urban environment, where veganism, the lotus pose and organic smoothies are also on the menu. The lighter the roast the better, and paradoxically the less the drink actually resembles coffee. They call this "clean" (see the connection?)  I tried this with an open mind, I really did. I got fresh beans from an internationally lauded roaster (it cost an arm and a leg), brewed it to perfection, and found myself primarily looking for coffee notes. It was bizarre since I kind of wanted coffee, and also it wasn't particularly good. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't as good as an actual fruity drink, or actual coffee. So my title suggestion would be something like: "How to make an inferior fruity caffeine drink from coffee beans while removing as much of the coffee taste as possible in the process, and also espresso."
@James Hoffmann are translations planned? Specifically German. I speak English very well, but for food stuff I may prefer a translated version
Step 1: Travel to GB and kidnap James Hoffmann.  Step 2: Make him your personal barrista. Step 3: ???  Step 4: Profit!
Christmas is coming.....
Flawless explanation but how many takes until you nailed it!??
I knew he was gonna do a one-shot through the chapters. I appreciate the Filmmaking greatly and the steady increase of quality has been noticed.
ireland isnt getting done over with shipping from england! awsome, looking forward to the release
If you're looking for ideas for products to review, I have a suggestion: Commercial coffee makers. The kind that you might find in diners, complementary breakfast buffets, or employee cafeterias. I doubt any of them will make outstanding coffee, but for a restaurant or employer who wants to make a lot of coffee and have it be somewhat decent, it might be nice to know.
Awesome 😊👍
Any chance to release an ebook (non-kindle) version of the book? I know it's a risk in terms of how easy is it to copy but I'd be happy to pay premium if only just to cut down on the paper needed for the book production.
Is this this best book intro ever made?! Wow.
Cries in Australian!  Jk, used to exxy merch
Single takes always makes me a little bit anxious, but enjoy them nevertheless 😍
The book looks great, and I'm pumped for the audiobook as well. I just wonder, how much of the book would be gathering of the info that's already present in your videos? I just watched "A Beginner's Guide to Coffee Grinders" video and the sample page from the book has the text that is almost verbatim the intro of that video. It's not a bad thing on its own, I'll buy the book anyway to have a handy and pretty offline reference to all the knowledge and recipes, but I just wanted to manage my expectations as to how much of the book would be already known if I watch your videos regularly, and how much would be new/upgraded/updated/more detailed?
Oh I cannot wait for this!! Especially relevant because I recently resolved to get an espresso setup at home. Really really excited.  Hoping James makes it out on the road for a book/speaking tour
Says sold out on amazon
Please send a signed copy to UAE.
This guy has the best mic on YouTube
Please tell me there is a bloopers video somewhere...
Would love to see a video ranking or rating influencer coffee brands!
Are any translations planned for the book? I would like to gift it to some friends
Don't think I have ordered something so immediately after hearing about it in my life.
James I’ve watched a few of your videos. Extremely interesting and informative. Thanks a lot for your time
To be honest, I don't give a toss about coffee. I never liked the taste for the most part; its best use was for enhancing chocolate flavors to me. However, you are such a wonderful presenter and with a nice, soothing voice to listen to that I find myself watching your videos anyway. Having only run into your videos for the first time today, I've already watched several of them all the way through. You make me enjoy a topic I have no interest in. I can only imagine how nice these videos might be to people who actually drink coffee.
Love this video! Can you do one on coffee varietals and their taste profiles?
"one is in UK, one is in Europe", cracks me up, I couldn't help it 😆 congratulations on your new book James! 😉
Just ordered a copy from Amazon, as sold out now on Square Mile. Would appreciate it if you visit Australia sometime to sign my copy please, James!
Wow the signed copies ran out quickly, hopefully your doing another run?  Pre-Ordered two in the mean time.
Had a Jerry Maguire film moment: you had me at 0:02 "Today we're going to talk about my new book"! Very much looking forward to getting my hands on one of these James.
Is there a chapter on getting the most out of my Aldi pod machine? No?  Perhaps the next book. 🙃
Pre-ordered from amazon! Looking forward to improving my home espresso game. Thanks!
Hehe /me thinks of getting this for xmass to all coffee addict relatives 🙂
I have a question on another topic. Why don't you test and use Bezzera machines?
Not clickbait? I CLICKED!!! 🤣😂🤣😂
Pre-ordered instantly!
We need more signed books!
I keep it real with good coffee ✊
Your signed book is already sold out... 7 sep at 9AM, 16 hours later ☹️
Looks like I'm too late for a signed copy :/
I don’t know about the book but this video is definitely well made!
As soon as you said website - I fully expected an epic transition into a sparespace ad 😂
I was so much looking forward to this book!!!
I wonder did he somehow know that people subconsciously expected the 'props' to include the fake moustache from that alarm clock video, and so made it clear they were coffee making props only.
sad that the signed copy is unavailable in the us now 🥺
This was the best promotional video for a book that I've ever seen. You and this channel are an absolute delight, and the videos keep getting better and better. As do you. I wish you all the success!
Quite excited! Ordered my copy and ready to keep learning good brewing techniques :)
Heard the slurp and liked instantly. Daddy Hoff thanks for blessing my morning
Are we gonna get an aussie or asian warehouse?
I’ve had my copy on preorder for ages. I can’t wait to get it!
southern hemisphere: are we a joke to you   (I kid, I kid!)
I wonder how many takes the section starting at 0:48 took.
The smoothest single cut take in youtube history
I love books but they can't be corrected once printed. But I have a suggestion to consider! How about one year after publication you make the entire book available on-line and keep it up to date there with the changes in coffee technology? People will continue to buy the book and creates another way to communicate with your followers.
I like the look of it. Feels like you wanted it to look like a BOOK, and not one of those "I paid someone to write a book and then put my photo and name on it." books.
not gon lie, that was a great catch at 1:00
Pre-ordered... I'll be waiting in Canada 🇨🇦  looking forward to the read
Wes Anderson's influence can be felt in this video.
Congrats
James terrified? Pffffff.
So stoked to get this!
Congratulations James
I want to know how many takes it took to do the toss with the bags of coffee - he barely even looked when he caught them! Also can we talk about the video quality on something that could have just been 5 minutes of talking to the camera? Always an enjoyable video on this channel!
I've tried a few methods and now I'm happily using my burr coffee grinder..(Cuisinart) that I got on sale, my mini Mr. Coffee (5 cup) and whatever coffee I can try at a reasonable price...mostly dark robust smokey beans that leave a good strong aftertaste....but I'll try every method available because I love coffee in the morning...Cheers!
Congratulations!! Looking forward to pursuing a copy of your book with a good cup of...well...coffee, naturally. 😊
AUDIOBOOK!  Ahem. Audiobook. I'm getting the audiobook.   EE-ya-YA-ya-YA-yah
was so scared they were gonna try to throw the v60. 🤣😱
One entry in, takes one to win. From the convict colony
How do you stand yourself Jim. You are just so wonderful.
I feel like marketing and internet classes will be taught lessons about this video someday. Seriously, James, I've never seen a more on-brand pitch in my life. This product (the book), the cover design,  the signed copies, the cheap copies and where they are sold, the give-aways. This is the maximum genius. I know this is going to go very well.
Hey, loved the shirt!
Yes, it is clickbait. lol
Anyone in Australia i would suggest getting it from the Book depository, its UK based but has free world wide shipping. use them alot.
James will there be an ebook version?
Awesome!!! Congrats! Im buying 2!
Being a coffee lover or rather addict I would like to give a small tip try South Indian coffee filter or Vietnam phin they give  a better decoction easy to maintain and no serviceable parts think it over god bless love from India thanks
Quality sound design throughout this video. I can tell you’ve done many takes, because the take we saw was completely seamless. :)
Wonderful! Thank you. Love your channel. 💜
YAS SLURP
Pre-ordered on amazon 👍🏽 Thank you, James!
My favorite thing about your videos is the ever-increasing production value. I love the one-take shot for the overview of the chapters!
Shipping to Canada is about the same price as the book itself? 😨
This couldn't be better timed. I literally just received my espresso machine today and am excited to learn about using it as well as how to better my coffee. Thank you for the wonderful videos and information you provide us with, and now even more so with this additional book.
I pre-ordered a copy from Amazon way back in June. Can't wait!
Congratulations
In South America we need the book in Spanish. We are many countries that love coffee and are Spanish-speaking. Argentina, Peru, Colombia, Venezuela, Chile, Panama, Guatemala, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Mexico and many more. Please make a version in Spanish. Thank you very much and greetings!!!
You know someone really is an expert in their field when they write a book on it and can summarize in just a few minutes.
En Sudamérica necesitamos el libro en español. Somos muchos países que amamos el café y de habla hispana. Argentina, Perú, Colombia, Venezuela, Chile, Panamá, Guatemala, Costa Rica, El Salvador, México y muchos más. Por favor, hagan una versión en Español. Muchas gracias y saludos!!!
poor old southern hemisphere misses out again :(
Congratulations. Wish your book much success
The ideal gift for all my fellow exmormon friends.
i look forward to stealing your book on the world wide web
Much as I'd love to be able to make good espresso at home, I don't have anywhere close to the budget for the equipment to do it well. On the other hand I do have an AeroPress, French Press, and pour over setup. I've already vastly improved my coffee thanks to your videos and I will likely be buying your book.
This video is like an old Spice commercial taking a leisurely stroll.
Give your assistant(s) a medal 🏅
well done.
guess I'm going for the audiobook, it will nice to listen at the gym and getting a physical copy in Costa Rica could get a bit tedious
Come on, give us the out takes.
I just need to point out how fantastically well done this video is in all aspects. Doing a single take with choreography for two minutes and nailing it! Outstanding work!
Will the Amazon ones be signed? Want the the book, but deciding if I want to spend 9 pounds shipping your signature to Australia. It's tempting.
That slurp broke the speed of sound
Impressive long take! I’m really curious how many took to get that all in one go
Well well well, my birthday is in late september. Isn't that the perfect gift either to give myself or to call out as recommendation to my friends
Ok, be honest Hames Joffman, you did 0:48 in *one* take, didn't you!
Just order your book on Amazon im in the USA can't wait to receive it
This could make a great gift to not-so-subtley tell someone you care about that their coffee sucks 🤣
The book should be titled Coffee of War and feature a muscular barista wielding coffee weapons on the cover.
Congratulations! What a wonderful thing! I hope you have the most success with your release!
I quickly preordered this the moment I finished the video. I’m glad I did before the signed ones ran out. Looks like a great book mate!
They should make more commercials as enjoyable as this one...
That was quite possibly the most seemless shopping experience I have ever had.  Well done Square Mile
Congrats on the new book. Glad to see you've kept the price down, the ebook too.
My favorite weird coffee person! Looking forward to the read!
Looking forward to read it!!!
So you find a new Youtube channel you like on a subject you find sort of interesting, you watch a lot of the back catalogue, you google some related stuff.  Three weeks later you've got a new Aeropress, a monthly subscription with Square Mile Coffee, a grinder rabbit hole you are currently, hopelessly lost down, and a signed copy of a book you probably won't fully explain to your wife in case she laughs at you.  Bravo James.
Signed books are already sold out
This is the perfect gift for my dad, who has not watched the channel, but loved coffee much longer than I have and also really enjoys the espresso I make.  All of which I learned about here on this channel
I got a signed copy as soon as I saw this was coming out this morning. My friend introduced me to you a few months back and I had no second thought on buying this for the quality of your work and having your signature in our home would be an honor. ☕☕☕
I'm so excited about the audiobook! I can 'read' it while commuting in a very busy crowded morning.
Very excited for this to come out in the states! I’ve learned so much from your content. Thank you!  I was having a conversation on the Espresso subreddit and was proposing that home brewing is the 4th wave. Thoughts?
Done! You are our reference in this beatiful world of coffee. Tks for all!
Why is it all coffee that I drink tastes the same no matter the beans, roast or method? The ONLY coffee that tastes great to me is that from an espresso machine. Are my taste buds polluted or corrupted that this is so?
3:10 Last time I checked, the UK was still part of Europe, just not part of the EU.
I’m thinking like, yeah I’ve seen a lot of his videos, practiced so I’m proud of him and that’ll just be..wait he’s signing it. Damn. Now I gotta get one lol.  Im sure I’ll learn new things. Thanks for your contribution to the coffee world. Hope to meet you one day (I’m a coffee service tech :) )
Will you please link the items in the giveaway.  Many thanks.
Exactly what I’m looking for. Buying several copies as gifts as well! Not sure I can afford the countless items I’ll be buying shortly after my books arrive but let’s not talk about that lol
I would order but I’m busy remodeling my kitchen so I can have perfectly level surfaces to brew coffee.
My wife ordered me a copy from Amazon as we watched.  Supposed to arrive October 4.  Another entertaining video, by the way.  Thanks.
I wonder.... if....  "The pot thickens!"...
You should also come up with some sort of certificate people can display on LinkedIn!
I really like the cover, just a simple classic style that will fit with all the ancient ones in a library, there arent enough of those lately.
How much will this set me back? And do I get a refund if the coffee I make at home isn’t better after ready the book?
Requested for Christmas. Looking forward to reading it.
I'm sorry James, but you haven't had great coffee until you've sifted the fines out of your grounds. Proper particle size is CRITICAL to a good pot of the ol' Klingon Blood Coffee - LOL!
Funny how a coffee channel launching a coffee book refers to the USA, UK and Europe as "all over the world", seeing as the vast majority of the coffee is produced in countries very far from the mentioned regions
Out-takes! We must have and out-take video! How many tries did it take to catch those two bags of coffee without looking?
Thank you James for all the free advice. I try not to drink too much coffee because of all the acid so when I drink I want it to taste good. In fact I'd like to see a video about low acidic coffee and how to prevent a lot of acid in a cup.
Seriously seriously might have to order this. Would be so cool just to have and hold on to.
No delivery to Israel( So wanted sign copy!
No local Australian distribution? Overseas ordering is so hit and miss at the moment, a local supply point would be appreciated
Don’t see the link
I’ve preordered on Amazon USA
Pumped for it! I already pre-ordered.
This sonovabitch knows EXACTLY how to make a 5 minute commercial. Best of luck, friend.
Pre-ordered here in Canada. I will enjoy reading this next month. ☕️
The book is a great idea and one I'm certain will help many coffee lovers. I'm hunting one in Australia now..
congratulations!
Do we get a download for the audiobook with the purchase of a physical book? I've bought three copies...
Awesome. Have been drinking coffee my whole life, but only started brewing my own for nearly three months. It has been a delightfully frustrating and wonderful journey thus far. Am learning more and more every single brew. Thanks James Hoffmann, for revealing the many magical wonders of coffee brewing.
When will signed copies be available to order in the US? Website says “product currently available” at the moment. Looking forward to reading this!
Congratulations on the new book!
I don’t care what anyone tells me, you are the Corinthian
Already  Orderd Audio Verson as I have difficulty reading look forward to it.
Anyone noticed that sneaky smile after the loud slurp? James knew it's silly and at the same time going to satisfy a lot of people.
the SLURP 1:19
ordered! can't wait- I need the book to answer the questions!
Strongly agree on the iced coffee as I drink an iced cortardo each day
You need to translate this to Portuguese. We love our coffee in Portugal, every excuse is a good excuse to drink coffee here. 😁
"This product is currently unavailable"  Me thinks you did not autograph enough copies! But happy you're apparently selling a lot. (as of 22h UTC 06 Sep)
Preorder procured.   Cant wait to get my hands on it!!
Brilliant!
I don't care what the book is, with advertising like this TAKE MY MONEY!
Please buy from somebody else than Jeff Bezos of you can.
I have to say, based on everything this channel promotes on supporting local businesses, workers rights, etc, advertising Amazon as a place to buy the book like that is very hypocritical
Never a dull moment in your videos, very fun!
And ordered :) No option to pop into London to collect in person? ;p
U sold the shit outta that book
What do I think?  I think it took me about 30 seconds to pre-order and that it will undoubtedly be excellent.  That what I think.  Cheers!
Shut up and take my money (c) 😅 Just pre-ordered it and I am super happy! Can't wait for its release
Awesome!! I didn’t realize you were working on this!!! Great stuff!!
'A staggering amount' must mean 'not as many as John Green would have signed'
0:57 That catch!
Purchased not even halfway through the video. Hope the launch goes way better than you expect! Also holy dang this was a very well produced video, big kudos.
Brits not understanding they are a part of Europe is the hole problem leading to brexit in the first place.
Done, pre ordered can’t wait to get reading and trying out the advice …thank you.
Bravo, James.  I pre-ordered!
It's on my Christmas list!
Did you ever drink tea?
My only question is how many takes for that first "table of contents" clip?
...sweep your hair the other way. The internet will melt
Bump
Noop, pleeeaaase recommend independent book stores! Free shipping to the store and 24hour pickup as well as... Not being evil
Bummer. I wanted to order a signed copy but I guess they flew off the shelves super quick.  😟
Signed copies are sold out(ordering from Australia) :’(
How many takes to catch the coffee bags?
Ordered.
Can't wait!
Ordered the book halfway through the video.
I can almost see all the times they must have had to re-do that one-shot sequence due to James laughing. The bloopers would be legendary!
OK, I laughed out loud. Job done.
I fear that espresso will forever be something that I just ask more experienced people to make for me.  I know if some Shoreditch hipster can learn how to do it then I could probably apply myself.   But I just can't be arsed.  No, espresso will be (and will forever remain) the germane domain of the vain cocaine terrain.
Good luck on your launch :)
The question is, what Hance Lendrick thinks about that
I’ll help with the first chapter “how to buy good coffee”  Buy your coffee from Square Mile coffee.  Done.
preordered from UK site let’s gooooo. my heart sank when I saw it sold out but thankfully I checked your website!
Never bought something as fast! Also I fully expected it to be at least £10 more expensive, what a lovely little surprise that was!
"How to make the best coffee at home (signed, preorder)" - This product is currently unavailable :(
Literally the best book for your coffee table 😃
Hey James, is there any chance for the prints featured on your shop to make a comeback as shirts again?  Looking forward to the book!
Already pre-ordered in August ☺️
Congratulations! I am going to drop some unsubtle hints regarding my upcoming birthday present...
It seems signed copies are soldout :(
my Wishlist just gained an item. Thank you
It says "This product is currently unavailable" for the signed book :( Will we have more of it?
Congratulations!
That single take 6 part shot is beautiful, it's a joy to watch people play with framing and visual jokes, love it
@1:43 Give it a swirl.
Aw, signed copies not available now, 6 hours behind the curve.
I've been following your work for quite a while now. The Coffee Atlas is a permanent fixture on my bookshelf. Whenever I'm not really getting on with the work in my coffee kitchen, I pick up a few impulses from you. I like the way you explain things compactly, simply and with a touch of humor. Lately I've neglected to follow your work a bit, but I'm making up for that now.   I have already pre-ordered the book from a local bookstore in Germany. I am looking forward to it. Thanks for your great work and the things you share with the coffee community.   PS: I have to admit that I have to watch your videos a second time every now and then, as English is not my first language and you keep up a decent pace ;-)
I am anxiously awaiting for the Hames Joffmann cut.
How beautifully choreographed! Well done, James!
tens hundreds thousands..
@James Hoffman, and how about people using Ebook readers, since you have already mentioned to audio book? :)
Hi! Love the concept of the book and would love to order a signed copy. It says out of stock when trying to order from the US - your hand must be tired from writing. If there's a way to massage your hand and get in on the sign copy - plz let me know.   P.S. really regretting not being a Patreon supporter - signing up now
Feel like this was a TSA video before the flight
Amazing!!!
Birthday next month, already got the wife to pre-order a signed one! Looks great can’t wait to give it a read!
Brilliant. I can't wait for the book. Really looking forward to it. Thanks again James
Preordered
I put a pre-order down. Hope to get some nuggets of wisdom for my espresso and pour over techniques. Also, I think you priced it perfectly
Hoping this one makes it way to India too! :)
This video title is not a clickbate because the book is a clickbate 😂😂.  I am buying this book asap 😎😎
Excited! Pre ordered with thanks for not being another YouTuber flogging a book 10 months before it is published.
Great video...now if only someone could summarise it in a helpful way.
Can't wait. 🇸🇦
Ordered. Shipping to South Africa takes so long I justified it as an Xmas prezzie to myself 😋☕
I loved all the gimmickry with the out-of-frame fun
Hi James, looking forward to the outtakes of the double bag catch.  Howzaaat! 🏏
How to gift to a friend…who thought they already made good coffee?😈🤣
Args. Sold out in Euroland.
I can’t believe you didn’t say “brewlease date”.
My Order on Square Mile exceeds the weight limit! With 1 Book to order to send to Germany? How am I suppose to update the cart, if the weight limit as already exeeded with 1 book?  I know this is the wrong site to complain, but since you *praise* your book I am not satisfied with my shopping experience. Maybe I did something wrong.  At least Have a nice day ;) John from Germany
Excited for this book. Also: those of you lucky enough to have an independent bookseller nearby, perhaps consider ordering it through them!
🙌 a new vid just when I thought it’d be idle scrolling through YouTube. Brilliant as always.
Hi James, will there be the largest world coffee tasting event again this year?
Is HARIO Rice Cooker 2 a thing Bec i hav it . ?
It’s a shame we 110v people aren’t eligible for the electrical gear.  For a free Breville Dual Boiler ($2400CAD), I’d pay a lot more than $50-$100CAD a transformer costs!  [HINT-HINT]
already unavailable 😔
Just preordered the book in the UK. Can't wait!
darn, no more available =(
Section description in one scene. Kudos. That was not easy.
Outtakes, please! We know there were some flubbed handoffs before you all nailed the timing.
Sh&T!!! Books can fly!!
Cool. Order placed. Can’t wait to read it.
Got 14 seconds in, went “oh hell yeah”,  went and preordered it on Amazon and now I will finish watching this video. I’m a simple man. James Hoffmann puts out a book, and I purchase said book
These visual gags are getting out of control
Hi James, do you know the book is vegan friendly? I.e. are the glues or any of the materials in it construction of animal origin?  Any information would be appreciated, I hope I can enjoy the book too!
Oh man, I am to late to secure a copy ☹️
Oh the book is sold out :(
0:58 - Caught 'em without breaking eye contact!
I had already preordered this on  books. Will likely get a couple physical copies to send out for giftmas this year.
Me opening the video without knowing what’s about: yes, I will buy it
Ohh no, I was really happy when I heard there were some signed ones. It's a pity that they're already sold out, but that only speaks for your loyal community. I will definitely secure a normal version as reading material, especially for the upcoming autumn and the shorter days
same video just with no electric machine will be nice thanks for lisning to my video idea and making a video on it
The Reddit thing didn't work for me, but there are thousands of entries so not to worry (I did still enter tonight's Euromillions, mind).
HOW?! Just HOW is EU stock SOLD OUT? :<
I’m sure the book will be great. Can’t wait for the movie.
Love the retro cover style!
The legendary slurp returns!
You should get the book translated into Korean & sell them in Korea. Koreans drink more coffee per capita than any other Asians, as you would know. 50 million of them...
It's unavailable! Where can I get one? :(
step 1: buy instant coffee and milk step2: mix them
This sounds like an excellent read, very exciting!
Congrats on the book launch! I’ll definitely be ordering one. ☕️ 📚
I'd love to have a copy of this on my shelf. One thing that I learned while I was working as a blacksmith is that even if you absorb as much information as possible, and even if you have internet access, having a book nearby with quick-reference type material (i.e. recipes, suggested processes, etc.) is invaluable. Obviously, at home is a different environment than a workplace, but when you wake up in the morning, you really don't want to faff about with going through 99 conflicting Reddit posts to figure out how to make your coffee. You just want to know how much water to use to make your perfect cup of hot bean juice.
Is it sold out already? Nothing on Amazon and the signed copy is currently unavailable :(
Sold out everywhere I think…
I hope it comes with a free nespresso pods sample 😏
Bought two signed books! One for me and one for my brother!
US unavailable?
This is maybe the fastest impulse purchase I've ever made on the internet.
Here's a question, which is way off-topic... or maybe not.  Why does the BEST cup of coffee have a chocolate flavor to it?  I drink Butelo brand coffee (Arabica, out of Miami, Florida) and it tastes SO good with heavy cream in it.  That first sip is loaded with a chocolatey flavor but it's not that it's sweet (I don't add sweeteners to my coffee unless it's absolutely dreadful) but it's got that chocolate thing going for it.  Do other people notice this or is it that I'm just a big choc-o-holic.  P.S., I love drinking hot coffee with chunks of chocolate that melt in your mouth as you sip that hot brew over it.
I had preordered the book ever since you first mentioned it. Do I drink coffee? No? Have I watched most of you videos and also read/listened to your previous book? Yes.
I have a comment, somewhat related. I have watched James's videos about the AeroPress. I bought one based on the great review. I LOVE it. As a matter of fact, I think it will be in my suitcase when I head on vacation to South America for 3 months.  I would love to see an AeroPress that was not made of plastic. I do not like putting a hot liquid in plastic and letting it steep. James, I know that you are in contact with the manufacturer of the AeroPress. Could you pass this request along? I believe that a ballistic glass would be most ideal, but probably could not be manufactured. However, realistically, I believe that an AeroPress could be made from a high grade Stainless.  I wish I could put my direct contact information here in order to get a response, maybe, but it is the internet! I will watch this space to see if I get lucky and get a response.
You should visit the coffee farms in Guatemala
Had to pause the video to purchase
Does roasting my own (probably badly :D) & boiling it count as "the best"?
Ok I'm gonna buy from Amazon in the US. I'm setting up my huge library, it'll be cool to have a book like this for some off-contemporary lazy reading. 😎
Sold.
Want it
So excited.
Just the slurp is worth the like, subscribe and getting the book! XD
Please tell me this is on audible read by the author.   Watched the rest of the video, nice.
I have no intention of getting better at tasting coffee. If I raise my standards, I'll then have to raise my coffee making game, and that sounds like more work than I want. It's hard enough not wanting instant.
„Your order exceeds the weight limit, please update your cart to complete your order.” :(
This might be the best video of yours because of the visual gags. But those aren't just there for the jokes, they visualize what you're talking about. I hope you stay creative in your future videos as well.  And of course, I'll order the book: if there's anyone I'd trust about making coffee, it's you.
Aahh! Had to go vote in the election and now it's sold out..  😢
congrats james !
I was caught off guard.  There are three distribution centers for the book 1) USA 2) UK 3) Europe.  Wait a minute, isn't the UK in Europe?  So off to Wiki I went:  "The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom (UK) or Britain, is a sovereign country in Europe, "
There could be no better announcement one week before my birthday, fingers crossed my friend orders one for me. Otherwise I'll just have to order myself
So great , thank you, James. I want this book !
Amazon?! I'm going to express my disappointment by buying it elsewhere when I've got the money. so much for ethical coffee
Another "the best coffee". I thought there can be only one "the best"
wooo Props, photographs.. as a commercial photographer that part piqued my interest the most!  I'll have to add this to my wishlist!
Well, books nowadays actually have click bait titles hahaha
I love the new book, but I am a bit upset.  I do not own a credit card and would really like a signed copy, but now I can't get one. Maybe add IDeal or PayPal, it would help out a lot!
Am I going to read it? No. Am I going to buy it? Yes.
Can we all take a second to appreciate that continuous long take explaining the chapters while interacting with all those props? His video production skills are as incredible as his coffee
did the signed copies sell out allready?
Are there no more signed preorders available?
Coffee man good.
Is it already out of stock? It says its currently unavailable
I found a signed and dedicated book of yours in a NYC cafe and it made my day! So cool 👍
James, how dare you announce this during my work hours. Now I'm too late and ran out of the presigned copy. :(
Audiobook preordered! Even before the video ended ;)
Shut up and take my money! 😂
I've pre-ordered it for like two weeks. I come back to the World Atlas of Coffee all the time, so I'm really pumped for the new book! Outstanding work!
Was already excited for this and i preordered it as soon as I saw it but now I’m over the moon with anticipation. Also thrilled about the audiobook!! And thanks for the transparency as far as shipping/release dates etc at the end!
Tome pre-ordered. Signed in for "free for all". (JavaDeej)  Thanks.
Picked up 3 signed copies! super excited!
James! You're sitting in a library talking loudly?! You brute!
Translate the book to Japanese and make an ugly af cover with massive kanjis surrounded by explosions and stars and it will be a best seller within a week
I think the title of your vid is click bait.....clever.....but click bait.  👎
That is one Xmas present sorted.
Sold!
From Canada, it's not letting me order, says it's unavailable. Went to to US site, and it's still available but it won't let me ship to canada. (pre-signed copy). Not sure if that's intended...
thinking to buy
Signed copies sold out. Damn, didn't make it in time.
Having just renewed my Audible subscription, I can't think of a more perfect book to hear than that from the voice of coffee himself. Still, it would be nice to have the physical item. So, I'm off...
Please tell me you talk about Turkish coffee in your book. That’s the one brewing method for which I couldn’t find much quality literature online!
Too bad there's no warehouse in Asia
Now I have 2 ordered! SM and Amazon lol.. I’ll gift the unsigned one!
The kindle version has the same photos of the physical version?
Next book how not to make coffee.
I want to give a shoutout to the Helpful Hands folks providing welcome visual gags during this video. Bravo to the whole team.
Given the popularity in North America, is there a reason you didn't have a chapter on drip coffee?
Did Wes Anderson direct this video?
That book is flipbait
Looks like they're hella sold out :c
Love your content, looking forward to read the book :)
the warehouse placement is hilarious!!! I was at least expecting South America
Watched the video and ordered a signed copy in less than 5 minutes, that's a new record for me! Thank you James, your videos and been very useful (not to mention entertaining) so I'm really looking forward to reading the book.
Want!
What about e-book version of it? Is it available as well? Is it even worth it buying it if one owns a kindle?
It's like an up market Dollar shave club ad
Well this sounds great. I'll order three for my family as soons as my bank account is not empty. Thank you James !
The only book i’ve ever have  pre ordered.
I love this man. Can't wait to buy his book.
congrats!!!  looking forward to a great read.  and better coffee.
“One is in Europe.” I like how you keep in mind the topographical knowledge of the average American; suggesting Europe is a single country.
2018: not sure if he is 20 or 50 2022: not sure he alpha or beta!
On my list Mr Hoffman👍👍✌☕
Looks fantastic, thinking of friends I can buy it for.. But I was really distracted by your lovely blue shirt.. Where is it from?
I will likely buy a copy of this, but it would be more for supporting you and your endeavors than anything else. I feel like you've already helped me learn how to make the best cup at home, and that was using the Aeropress.  I love Americanos, and while I know the Aeropress doesn't make true espresso, what I end up with is very dang close.  My recipe: A dark roast bean, I use around 20grams of pretty finely ground beans. I fill the Aeropress "tube" up to the 4 mark with hot water, and let brew for 2 minutes. Then push it through.   This recipe isn't for a single "cup" of coffee, this makes something more along the lines of a Starbucks Venti size which I think is around 20 ounces.  I put something like 300gram of hot water in my cup before "expressing" the coffee from the Aeropress, and I'm very satisfied with the result.  All thanks to having been a subscriber on here for quite a while.  Love your channel and your content.   Keep teaching us about coffee !!
Ordered!
3 hours and the signed copies are already sold out! Congrats on the success James & team!  I will have to kindly suggest my family this is the right gift for my birthday
Idea for video - Viewers (or other YouTubers) send you videos of them making great coffee at home and you critique them
Please please James, when a Spanish version?
Hell yeah! Btw here in my country I can only see the kindle version on amazon. The hardcover book is not available for pre-order yet. Am I correct in thinking that the kindle version won't have the photos?
That slurp almost made me have a stroke. That needs to stop James
Thank you for all the content you create and all the work that you do. Happy to support your book too!
I just pre-ordered the signed copy and I'm already very excited and can’t wait 🥰🥹
I just love how James is embracing his memeability so heartily.
My take: High quality water or filtered tap at the proper temp, high quality freshly ground beans, and Aeropress, the upside down extra water method with a 1-min soak (extra long) It's not rocket science... or is it??
That double-handed catch was absurdly smooth.
How many takes did it take to catch both bags of coffee? :)
I was almost hoping for a "but wait - there's more!"
not fair, I was entering my credit card and it got sold out =(
But can I buy a copy signed by Hames Joffmann?
People say YouTubers can't actually do anything in real life. Not only you make The Best Coffee but you also are one of the best marketing people I have ever seen! But don't leave youtube, please. It's much better with you here <3
When I saw the title, I felt like he finally gave up on me.  I could hear him taking a deep breath before a stare; "Well... If this is how you're gonna live, at least do it right..."
for me the best "at home" coffee is made by the machine 🤣 the didiesse frog in particular with the 8-gram rice paper filters. have you ever tried it? anyway i am new to the channel but I already  like your style. greetings from italy
congrats
Only days after my birthday. Time to start dropping not to subtle hints to the wife
Just ordered a book! Thank you James! Can't wait to get it!
I just pre-ordered to the US.  If the book is as entertaining as the video, it should be a great one!
If coffee was an audio it would be James' voice
The audiobook explains the sightly rough voice xd
How many takes did that 3rd scene take to make? 😂 Bravo 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
Book on order
I've been wondering what an infomercial starring James Hoffman would look like.
One in UK and one in Europe ... is UK not in Europe anymore?🤔😂🤔
I just ordered a signed copy and i am looking forward do reading and enjoying it. 😊 I love the videos as well, but a book is a book... thanks a lot, James!
Maybe a stupid question here, but I like to know how is this book different from your previous book, The World Atlas of Coffee (2014)?
Who else was expecting a square space ad when he mentioned the website?
pre-ordered! can't wait to get the hardcover (day before my birthday too - happy birthday to me!)
You are the reason I started my coffee journey and bought my first V60, grinder, Espresso machine, as a way to say thank you, I bought every single book of yours and I just ordered the signed copy the moment I finished this video, thank you James.
I've been watching your videos for the last few years so I thought it was nice to support your channel and buy a signed copy! Your videos have helped me improve my coffee skills massively and I'm sure I will learn more reading your book. Unfortunately, the downside to my new passion for coffee is I've spend a small fortune buying and repairing coffee machines for myself and friends and I have just brought my dream forever machine (ECM synchronika)!
Not shipping to Russia. Not sure what I expected. :)
Great editing! Gives me strong Edgar Wright vibes..
ahh perfect
I have to have it!!!
I was going to pre-order, but by paying attention to this video I learned all I needed to know: aeropress, square mile coffee, umeshiso spoon, loud slurp and my coffee will be perfect.  And that espresso is a fussy, finicky hobby.
Bought a signed copy.  Excited!
A very I am on a horse Vibe
As I am watching this, I can imagine the Hames Joffman cut and am already laughing aloud... Of course I pre- ordered this book....
Sad I hope it was going to be a coffee video but it was still good
my mans did the double catch no look joint, sheeeeeesh
book has flavor notes of caramel and cereal
Has no one mentioned that this is the perfect coffee table book?
I wonder does the book have the Turkish coffee section or as usual the ancient staple of coffee making has been forgotten and ignored.
To be fair, "How to Make the Best Coffee at Home" is definitely a clickbait title. Books did clickbait before it was called that. "Don't judge a book by its cover" is more or less, the old-time way of saying "Don't believe everything that is said on the internet,"
Tried to preorder in the US but it’s not accepting either my Mastercard or Visa. (Yes, they’re both good! ) Why no PayPal?
Yeah baby.
Lovely, I've just pre-ordered mine.
Oddly, the US ebook edition is scheduled for release on  September 15.  That's 2 weeks earlier than the hardback edition? I'll probably buy the ebook since I already have too many books cluttering the house.
DAMN YOU JAMES TAKE MY MONEY
I'll have to go for the kindle version. Don't ship to my country.
That looks really great. I just pre ordered it! I'm pretty happy with my coffee setup, but always nice to own new books.
I am unable to get the website to work for a signed copy. It won't let me check out.
Love the promotion. A bit theatrical, a bit of fan service with the slurp, which is begging to be trademarked. Well done Mr. Hoffmann. Well done.
Step 1: hire James Hoffmann Step 2: ??? Step 3: Profit
Hi James, not to criticize but why not a warehouse in south america?, lots of great coffee farms are there and we would love to be able to buy your signed copy of the book. Love your content
Ordered 2 signed editions, one for me and one as a gift. Thank you for all your content.
Congratulations on the new book!
I have not read a book since college. I don’t even know if I have the capacity to read anymore. You best believe I pre-ordered this though. Love what I’ve seen so far! Thanks James!
I've never pre-ordered so fast in my life!
the 2nd best one take shot next to the revenant
The book looks like it’s not made for avid followers of your videos (since all the information in the book has a corresponding video), nor for coffee nerds. More like for someone who might be curious about making (specialty) coffee at home and has no real idea who you are and about your channel. A pass for me, but I’m sure there is an audience for it.
I absolutely MUST have this book!!!!  I just preordered!
Ordered a copy for myself. Will look perfect next to the signed World Atlas :) (hope the ugly Christmas Jumper will be back in stock again soon)
I've never order a book, let alone any product from a "youtube" so fast before. Looks like a great book, and a totally fair price, especially considering its a signed copy!
I'd love to have one of those but oh well being a broke college student isn't helping me
Does anyone know Brad Pitt's address? I feel like I should send him a copy.
Thanks for all your videos! You lead me down a rabbit hole of coffee making, and i cant say i regret it one bit. Congrats on the book coming out!
Just ordered a signed one. It will be pretty much rare in this part of the world, I think. Can’t wait.
No shipping to Ukraine :c
I have a book right here by my desk called "Brew - How to make better coffee at home" - seems someone beat you to it!
Who wants to see the out takes of the chapter description bit? Can imagine ice cubes flying into his face, scolded hands, dropped mugs...
Well done James, that was a very good advertisement and I couldn't refuse to buy the book.
Shaweeet! I wonder, how many times did you attempt that double coffee catch?
I'm in India, I don't see a hardcover of the book in Amazon here either, only Kindle. I'd love to buy a physical copy. Can you tell me if it would be available in the future?
How to make great coffee at home - step 1: get someone to prepare it for you off camera, while you do other stuff, such as peddle new books and such like ;)
Saving money for the book. Hope can have it before Xmas
Wow been following a while, totally gonna buy, thanks for everything
No ebook?
Got my signed copy pre-order done!
Done ✅,ordered 🫣😎😂
Wow, that long take on shot three!
Should warn people before that tasting slur⚠️
kudos to the helpful hands👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 that swirl of v60🌀🥹
Congratulations!
This video is click bait but it also isnt haha
Warehouses around the world. James world=US + Europe :)))
I loved The World Atlas of Coffee and it's thanks to your videos that I expanded my horizons going further the "simple" Italian espresso. I just can't wait to receive this one. :)
Thanks for the Kindle version! Pre ordered now :)
3:09 *Please, fic the Moroccan map*
Very excited for the book! Just preordered.
Hey James, seems to be a bug at checkout on the Tens Hundreds Thousands website. Keeps telling me “Shipping not available for the selected address.” I’ve ordered from you before and my address is in the UK, Slough.
Excellent one take!
It is a click bait title, but I will allow it :-)
Congratulations on the book!
Congratulations with your new book
Ordered… at the very worst it’s a bargain of an amazing 🎁 with holidays coming up!
Damn I wanted to pre-order it but there is no shipping to my country, gotta find a way now even for not a signed copy. Kudos on your work James and many more to come!
Congrats on the new book James, can't wait to read it!
I wish there was a warehouse in Asia to ship from
As someone who's watched your videos many many times I'm excited to see a consolidated reference.
Just bought 3 <3
Already pre-ordered on Amazon. ;)   Be nice to have a signed one and I could cancel and re-order elsewhere but...I'm just too lazy (the perfect Amazon customer!)
I bought it. Thats all.
Man I'd watch James ads for hours, this is on another level.
Wohooo!!! Congratulations. This is huge!
Can’t wait for my signed coffee
I would have loved if someone said “SHHHHH” at 0:23 as soon as James started to talk
Just wanted you to know I just ordered your new book. I looking forward to reading it. Your videos got me interested in coffee. I bought the niche grinder and the descent espresso maker. Thank you for all that you do. Your book expected delivery is October 6th.
Video quality has skyrocketed! This is awesome. As always video content is top-notch. As a scientist I truly appreciate your levels of analysis and your experiment designs. When I get funding to buy textbooks I will buy your book James. Thank you so much!
Order placed!! Excited. Congratulations James 🙏
Looking forward to what Mr. Joffmann has to say about this. I'm scared. We signed a staggering number of warehouses near you. I'm excited.  Excited for the book!
I thought there was no coffee.
Well done! Love the design of the cover.
Awesome. Can't wait to receive my copy!  Cheers from 🇨🇦
Too bad you don't have distributors set up in Australia or Asia as shopping will be insane this part of the world.
Very excited! Today's my birthday so I just bought a signed copy as a gift to myself! 😆
Its been 1 hour since the video came out It is already out of stock
I really struggle to make good coffee at home.
Thank you. Have so enjoyed all your videos. Have received great pleasure and satisfaction from your extensive knowledge on all aspects of coffee. Merci beaucoup. Good luck w/ book.
can't wait for the blooper reel
Just ordered my signed copy and am very excited to get to read the book ☺️
How many slurp takes were ruined by the team pranking James with horrible coffee?
Now be honest, how many takes did you need for that chapter description?
20 USD for a signed first edition of your book? Honestly seems too little these days, especially for what I'm sure was a lot of work into a great bit of writing and photography. Looking forward to it!
immediatley bought a copy!
Thanks James! Having a book like yours would be so helpful. Instead of having to search for videos, I can just flip through this book to look for information I can trust about great home coffee making. Pre-ordered in on Amazon right away. Very much looking forward to receiving it early October. Wish I could afford the signed version, but with the cost of international shipping and import duties, I’d have to settle with shopping with Amazon.
Utter genius
Now we did also build a website for the book, using the sponsored of today's video, Squarespace.
Instant purchase
How painful was it to bloom the pour over without a scale (the swirl was a nice touch), and did you finish that brew?  Between jobs at the moment so I hope grab a copy when I'm employed. This seems like a perfect candidate for my coffee table book rotation.
OMG…no look catch 0:58
Hey, sometimes you need a title that tells you exactly what you'll find inside. Also, I love this video. The setting was wonderful, and the choreography of you speaking while extras are handing you things while you stare straight ahead at us absolutely tickles me.
"...one is in the UK, one is in Europe" 😆
James, When are u gonna make a video on the cuccumela or the neapolitan coffe machine and its surrounding culture (slow coffee consumption previous to espresso). Thanks!
"One in UK and one in Europe" , ..Splendid isolation I presume...?
I’m just going to use my Nespresso machine 🤷🏽‍♂️
To bad it's only creditcard payment, as a student I don't have one. PayPal would be better
Ordered! Love the classic look of the book as well. Thanks for the time and effort you put into the book (and your videos) I look forward to reading it!
James, I'm very concerned that you may have dropped that sharpie tip on the library carpet, please confirm that you did not?
I guess it has been written about a million times here but I dearly hope that, with an audio book, this is the beginning of james' career as an audio book voice actor.
Great video!! Even if it was just about the book, I still enjoyed it! Thanks for your inspiration!
I have been waiting for this release since it was originally proposed. I can take my coffee game to the next level. 😆
Sure, a new kettle is only a nice to have, but hey, it will make you save £10 on energy bills!
❤️☕️
i dont have a credit card lol rip
It took James a whole book to teach us how to buy a grinder and pour water in a funnel full of coffee.
Bought it.
One is in the U.S. one is in the U.K. and one is in Europe. I always thought, that the U.K. was in Europe... :-)
No shipping to Asia?
It is sad that the signed copies do not ship to some countries like Mexico 🥲
Purchased! Annoyingly I'll be going on Vacation on Oct., 1st, would have loved to have it with me on the plane for a read, looks like I won't get it till the 4th (Canada). Ce la vie
I'm looking forward to this so much. Thank you for always making great content and educating us on such a great subject.
The coffee is now diamonds!
So that was my monthly impulse buy. Last month was a Nomad, so lets see if we can keep the coffee theme going for the rest of the year.
I use a mokapot for hot coffee and a jar with a cheese cloth piece to make cold brew. 8)
Really wish it was possible to get signed copies from Amazon. Unfortunately, Brazil (my country) and all other major coffee producing countries were left out from the official website.
Long time viewer of the channel. Just ordered myself a signed copy. Can't wait! Thanks!
I can’t buy the sign copy in Mexico :( how I will make my taco coffee experiment that way?
As one of my professors always told me it's number too late to learn something new. If you think you know everything you'll always be stuck remember keep learning keep growing and that's what he told me Have yourself a beautiful day That's my second post by the way ✌️😎🌈
Just ordered from Japan!  Thank you!
Ordered! Check the note. Would love to work with you on a project. :)
Ordered one first then watched the video! looking forward to a signed copy!
WOW! Looking forward to reading your book I'm going to get it from Amazon because I live in Israel and it's easier for me to get it from them. Thank you for your amazing videos as always your top notch. Just in case can you tell me maybe you can ship it to Israel from your warehouses if so maybe I'll buy it directly from you.  Thank you and have a beautiful day
I can only do the Kindle Version for now, so next time I have book budgets, this will be my main purchase. So nice to have a true coffee based coffee table book.
I kept staring at the damaged white corners of the green cover.....
Just order two copies. One is for mine and the other is for new coffee mate.
Looking forward to the slurping part of the audiobook.
that was hell of a long single take in the middle.
Cool!
I asked for a single slurp and I got one. Thanks James.
Do I need a third arm to make great coffee at home?
Man, gotta get a signed copy for myself… gotta get one for my brother… gotta get one for my coffee friends… so excited!
nice one-er for the chapter breakdown!
Perfect book title
I love your work. Congrats on the book! It's a little bit frustrating that neither of this warehouses is in the south hemisphere though...
If the book doesn't end with "Thank you so much for reading, I hope you have a great day." I'll be sorely disappointed.
That is a great promo!
Preordered the signed copy and I'll surely get it on audiobook for my trips on motorcycle. I'll record a video on it and maybe try some recipes out (thanks to you I now also possess an Aeropress) for my channel. Thanks jimseven!
The only secret he has to tell us, is how to get that hair so perfect every day!
For the ‘one shot take’, in actual how many takes did it took to have the final one? It’s amazing and well executed! 👏
Plot twist. This is all just for James to let us hear how he sips the coffee during cupping. 😅
Just ordered my signed copy. I can't wait! Wishing you and the team much success.
looking forward to that arriving! :)
Didn't even wait for the video to be over.
Leaving for Italy in a few hours. I'll report back soon!
I'm so excited, I'm just 14 and I loved world atlas of coffee! Definitely going to pick this one up!
Just pre-ordered the book and am hyped! You have been the singular reason I've gotten interested in coffee during the pandemic and I am even planning on centering my master's thesis in economics around coffee! I have been studying sustainable development alongside economics and would be interested in writing about the price development of coffee, past, and future.
Not even finish the video when I placed my order for a signed copy!
Great production, super creative and very fun to watch!
Purchased this immediately. It’s the least I could do as a form of support considering how much you’ve guided me towards great coffee brewing methods!
hello James, I’m trying to purchase a signed pre-ordered copy, but it cannot ship to Taiwan, so must I give up and order from Amazon then?
I am at a point that it takes me a sec to check if it is a James Hoffman video or Hames Joffmann
When did the UK get out of geographical Europe?
Sound in the library was much better
pre-ordered Kindle! 👌✅
Great! I'd better perk more coffee on a percolator to read it.
Feels when Australia is close to none of those countries lol love your work, I already have one of your books, I'll definintely be getting that one!
Will this be available in Google Books? that's the comfiest platform for me, especially considering I'm in SE Asia where the shipping will be really expensive. Thanks!
I am disappointed because I feel that 5 minutes was more than enough to explain how to make the best coffee at home, James.
From a Vietnamese coffee geek. Congratulations James. Love your videos. Hope that I can read your book in Vietnamese someday.
I can’t imagine the amount of work behind the one shot take for the book chapters explanation. Great job 👏
So excited! Just ordered a signed copy James, can’t wait ☺️
@James Hoffmann, not that I'd expect you to talk about it in a video, but do you ever drink tea, or is all your caffeine of the bean?
I know I’m not the only one who paused the video when James said there were signed copies, and immediately ordered one 😂
You are one of the reasons I got into coffee,  bought a signed copy cant wait ! Thanks for all you do.
Love how it has a French Press on the cover to hit the market of most UK households and then bait and switch them into making coffee better :D
Can you recommend a coffee to pair with the book?
Ordered. No brainer. Thank you James for this wonderful channel and please consider my immediate pre-order as a sign of my gratitude.
How to taste coffee,,never the Pinnacle for me it is and always will be 'Smell'. The waff of coffee on the nose when you enter a coffee parlour etc .
I saw this pop in my local bookstore chain website months ago and pre-ordered it. Teal and gold are so completely my aesthetic. Can’t wait for a new coffee table book that will also help me great coffee for my guests!
Hoorah
Ordered it before you had even finished go through the sections (signed copy)
No dust cover hell yeh. This guy knows his knows.
It's a Coffee table book. I will get my coat
Just pre-ordered, can't wait! Congrats James, this is going to be a huge hit.
When you're not on your guard, your brain can do some weird and interesting things. Biggest one is that it will lie to you. Perfect example: You see a video thumbnail that has James Hoffman in it, but the title has Hames Joffman. Reading that, you'd question as to how your brain would lie to you. But, you're brain sees a familiar face and a familiar letter sequence and combination. It then jumps the gun and makes you think the video is by James Hoffman. After a couple of times of getting suckered by Hames Joffman's interesting video twists, you now have to be on guard and double check that you're either clicking on a James Hoffman video or a Hames Joffman video.  Observation out of the way, I would love to get my hands on this book. I am not a nerd about it, but I do love the journey I've been on in the world of coffee. So, this book would be great. However, I am interested in how much of this book is truly for "anyone". Can someone one on a budget still apply the knowledge from this book to their own coffee journey? Or, should they even bother with it?
Great. An ad.
As someone from the Philippines I'll wait????
I just pre-ordered my U.S. copy! I am so excited to receive it :D  Thanks, James, for passionately sharing your knowledge with the world!
Ordered. This guy could release an ice cube and I’d buy it 😂
"There is a kind of scary thing about, you know, making a thing and sharing it with the world" says the man with a Youtube channel with 1.41M+ subscribers :).
And….. bought! Signed of course. 🥰
Why why why whyyy do you promote Amazon so prominently?? You know better, James. You just know better! (Apart from that: I'm stoked to buy the book!)
Hope this book becomes available too in Asia.
As much as I would have cherished a signed copy, I saved on shipping fees from NL by ordering from Amazon AU here in OZ and using Prime free shipping. Looking forward to the read.
Hello! Where can we address questions about coffee?
How much of Alton Brown was influential in the creation of the one takes?? Love it!
That single take in the cafe was so impressive… had to rewatch the bean catch a few times.
Very excited!  Congratulations on another book!  Placed my order for a signed copy before the 3 minute mark of the video.  After watching your videos, I've become something of a weird coffee person.  Every weird coffee person needs a nerdy book about coffee!  I cannot wait to receive it.
Three words - great sales pitch.
I just pre-ordered! You have already convinced me not to get into espresso at home, as I don't need another expensive and time consuming hobby, and helped me perfect my pour over technique. I'm really looking forward to this book.
Not a patreon myself, but you should probably include a book for those eight people receiving the props if you aren't already, it would be a nice touch
if I watch one of your videos without first running to get a Coffee I fear the world may end.
2 signed copies ordered!
It'd be a neat touch if each book came with a coffee ring already in it, on the usually blank page, where you could sign inside the ring.
You're one of the very few you tubers I'd buy a book from but have it given as a gift. I'm pretty knowledgeable with coffee and I'd buy mum a copy and myself for Christmas as she loves coffee but doesn't know how to make it properly. Coffee has been a large part of my life and I worked in hospitality long enough that I understand it.
Hello from Australia. The warehouseless land
James in shorts!
Just bought a signed copy! So excited!
Hi - how come the "worldwide" option doesn't include United Arab Emirates (Dubai)? I am a patron, and I would love to get one of the signed copies please. How can I buy one?
Book ordered & a little treat of nice beans added too.
Just ordered. Looking forward to it ☺️
Southern Tip of Africa really does feel like a long way away from the rest of the world now.
Strong.. “I am on a horse” vibes from the old spice adverts during the middle section
Done
One of the best executed ads for a book I've seen lately, nice!
No mention of release date or warehouse for Australia?!
Hi James,  Just tried to purchase a signed copy of your book but can't see any shipping to the UK :( Would love if you could add it.
Just ordered direct from your website. Thanks for not hiking up the price on the signed copies, I try to avoid Amazon when I can.
I have found so much helpful information from watching your You Tube videos on coffee making. Glad I watched this as I’ve now ordered a signed copy.
Would have been nice to see inside the book at least once lol.
So basically a book that I can give to other people who think I'm mad. Thank you
Naturally, the book is most likely outstandin. But can we talk about the amazing script and execution of this video? Just.. YES! 🙏
I was excited when you mentioned about warehouses, thought that one of them would be in Asia 😅 I'll go with the Kindle version then. Anyway, congrats, James!
Excellent directing as always
thanks for going with an approachable price point as well James easy buy for me the harder part will be deciding who to give it to
This is so great, how many times did you rehearse this?
I admit that I miss the sipping sound!
This will sell well and provide a lot of value!
look at you being all Monocle Magazine about it lol..Im here for it
Great video and editing.  How many takes were there to catch both coffe bags?
Pre-ordered the hard cover version :)
Trying to figure out what that watch is.
What about us in ASIAAAAAAAA?????
Purchased! Thanks for all of the helpful videos over the years, James.
This is what I needed. Books are just more convenient than "Oh in which video was that again?" followed by hours of fast-forward  ^^
I would like to see some outtakes from the coffee toss please
God. I hope Hoffmann is the one reading the audio.
Even gave us a slurp, truly a man of the people. Looking forward to the book!
I would like to know how you persuaded Thing to leave Gomez and Morticia? 🖐
Sigh... I live in Seoul no chances to put my hands on a signed copy? Great work tho!
Pre-ordered! Looking forward to seeing you in print!
Pretty sure many people, like me, have immediately paused the video to order a signed copy as soon as you mentioned them. Hope that won't screw with the statistics! Very excited to read it!
Congratulations, James! Now, please tell me if that's your home library or are you switching locations? The bookshelf speakers threw me off there. Thanks 🙏☕
Ordered. This is sure to be a great read👍
Im looking forward to buy the audiobook! I hope there is going to be a spanish edition of the book as I would love to give it away to friends and family.
It has often been a side remark on a different topic/video that I have learned something very helpful, so I am excited to have everything in a single reference volume!
ordered :)
One is in the UK and one is in Europe 😅
Thanks for keeping the book pretty affordable!
tldr : buy my book
Didn’t even watch the first 10 second of the video, just went and ordered the book….
Ordered a copy and excited to have a great reference book that looks great on a coffee table!
Did someone else direct this? Parts of it felt very on brand, and parts felt, forced? Like James wasn't comfortable or having the best time.
Amazing- I was just looking for this advice!
Never bought something so quickly! Excited for a copy 💙
Thought this was a long video on "How to make the best coffee at home" but it's a book😈. I'm so mad went and bought a signed copy, that will teach you!!
This video was so slick and well-done. Also, when you said the book has a website, I was half-expecting a "... which we made with squarespace!" ad segue
Super excited for your new book, James! Just ordered a copy for myself and a friend. But I'm also looking forward to the audiobook!
Ordered a signed copy.  I already know I'll enjoy it as much as I enjoy the videos.  Thank for sharing and I hope you have great day
Per-ordered on Kindle ages ago, just now ordered a signed copy as well. Super excited to get my hands on this!
Pre-ordered it!
You and hario need  a collaboration again. Love your knowledge you bestowed upon us to take coffee to another level.
Just got 2 because I'm sure one of them will get stained brown.
haha i love the side people helping hahaha makes for enjoyable snipits!
Now I want you to sponsor one of SquareSpace's videos so they can plug your book.
JAMES'S LEG ALERT, JAMES'S LEG ALERT 3:28
Good luck with the sales of your new tome, looking forward to reading it myself.  One of the best ways to spend an evening, a coffee & a good book.☕📗
This looks like a great book.  I do believe I might have to get a copy.  I also noticed your previous "World Atlas of Coffee" book.  That also looks interesting.
Wow! Congrats!
Ordered the signed copy, can't wait!
How many takes did the chapter summary have before getting it? Quite impressive coordination XD I have a few people in mind who'd like this book, can't wait!
Instant BUY, well done James TAKE MY MONEY!
What's this with all these words? Where is Hames Joffmann when you need him? Will he be making a book version too?
Just a quick FYI - videos with giveaways tend to attract scammers. I will never post a comment asking you to text me or anything else. If there's no verification check, it's probably a scammer.
There not being a chapter dedicated to the Bripe is a major oversight
"As close as possible", once again Australia misses the mark a bit, but this definitely sounds like something worth a bit extra
Will these eventually become available in book stores across Canada?
Awesome can't wait! Already purchased my copy
Where is the titanic content?
Not shipping to Israel ?
:O Finally, the Tractatus Hoffmann Coffeemathicus
Oh I'm buying this immediately. It will sit nicely right next to The World Atlas Of Coffee on my bookshelf.
nice, i just bought one of the signed copies, thank you :)
Love how James casually states that "we have signed" the books. King of Coffee!
That shot at 0:48 that goes on for a couple minutes must have taken forever to get right haha
Oh no! The Bripe lost its featured spot on the shelf!  That must be because James needed to bring it down for the chapter on Briping.
Just ordered the signed copy. Looking forward to reading!
Congratulations ole boy! Hope it sells well! It's well deserved if it does!  Cheers from London 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🇬🇧
Congratulations, James!
I wonder if Hames Joffman will be making an unhelpful summary of this book.
Just put hot water with the coffee in a cup job done, all just bitter anyway
You’re one of the rare people here on youtube I’m mad at for not plugging your products enough.
Nice supersonic slurp with the beautiful Umeshiso spoon 🐣
1:21 that slurp OH THAT SLURP
First Page: "What does specialty coffee have in common with Eric Clapton? Both are good without cream."
What a fantastic well produced video!
Omg new book! ❤️❤️❤️
The catch 🔥
Let's see how @Hames Joffmann makes an unhelpful guide for this
Thank you James. 🙏🏻
Am the first to view
Cool
As always, this'll make my morning. Coffee and Mr. Hoffmann.
First?
Woo! Ordered my copy! Thanks for the great Videos James!
