Get Surfshark VPN at https://surfshark.deals/skillup - Enter promo code SKILLUP for 83% off and 3 extra months for free!
Super...bly overshadowed by Elden Ring.  What a DOA franchise.  What a joke.  Horizon brought nothing new to the table except for FOTM for open world fans.  It didn't even influence their own sequel after being blown out by Breath of the freaking wild.  What a supreme chuckle.  Here Aloy!  Meticulously collect a billion items littered on the ground to craft a bag in your inventory to carry more of a particular item!  Here Aloy!  Waste time interacting with a lifeless world full to the brim of obnoxious talking NPC's written so poorly you could excuse them for being background objects!  It's bad enough that most of the games mechanics were ripped wholesale from Far Cry Primal- a game that ripped it's own map off from Far Cry 4.  I have no clue what people see in such a lifeless, empty world outside of clapping down robot dinosaurs.  There is nothing else to do and the story is garbage.
Sometimes while playing this game i would leave the controller on the desk during cutscenes to have a puff or 2 off my joint and i would hear it vibrate and instantly take it back to feel the aptic feedback
I bought this game after more than 3 years and i can say that they solved the pop in issues, they only thing that pops in are some machinces when i purposely go far away to reset them and than go back, but again i do it on purpose and you wont notice it unless you look at the machines the whole time while you fly away, and only small machines disappear, the big ones remain visible from very far away like the Stormbird in the Burning Shores or all the tallnecks
That comment at 4:00 lol  Yup, it aged like fine wine, MS dug its own grave with the price hikes.
This is probably the 10th time I've watched this review... While I sit at work waiting to get home because I FINALLY picked up this game 😭. I am So Excited to play it.
Just randomly stumbled upon this video and realized, it was the last one I watched (or rather listened to) before the russian full-scale invasion :( Cheers from Ukraine, mister Skillup!
This review three years ago but somehow Ghost of Yotei is a massive disappointment. Ralph is one of the worst reviewers online
The accessibility also has something for thallasophobia, which I go through, which stunned me.
It must be called Horizon forbidden woke
yes horzion is the evolution of previous games ideas, like the SHADOW OF WAR tribe and nemesis system, imagine if NEMESIS System is injected into the game and horde of machne were trying to hunt you lol
1:25 a ps4 can produce it! Crazyy
I absolutely LOVED Zero dawn and I'm eating up whatever Forbidden West is throwing at me as far as the story goes. Love this game just as much as the first if not more.  And what a game to look at. MY GOD. Every 5 minutes, I have talk myself out of stopping to take a photo with the photo mode.
This thing is virtually flawless on ps5 pro, my favorite open world by a long shot
This game looks good on PS5, utterly sensational on PS5 Pro.
I'm about 25% in and blown away already. Excellent game.
I started with Forbidden West. I already fell in love with it and i've been watching reactions about the origin story. And yes, I appreciated the depth and emotion than i felt with Zero Dawn. But I do like the expanded commentary of social issues in Forbidden West. Ageing and Dementia, Transgenderism, Disability, Suicide and Murder, Social Heirarchies, Ledership, Literacy, Family, Entrepreneurship, Autism, Environment, .... et cetera. I'm also entertained by Erend. His innocent comments about "old ones" information is so funny.
Jesus loves you. Repent from your sins and turn to Him❤
This is the best game I've ever played where I entirely forgot the plot a year later.
Watching this after beating the main game and burning shores. What an extraordinary game. It’s funny to see the sentiment around the ps5 exclusives at this point
I've never watched a review that consistently talks so many negatives yet the reviewer says a 9.5/10 anyway lol
I just bought the game and it's boring me to death. Should I pick up Zero Dawn?
My fav game of all time. Cant wait for nr 3
This game is GOAT
"moving at pace towards your next objective" that has never happened to me for more than a few minutes at a time in any of these two games
Best Game for me ever. This comes from a die hard Elden Ring and xbox fan boy.. The game design and landscape is just pure beauty to me.
This was such a fkin PHENOMENAL game and it sucks that Elden Ring’s shadow loomed over it. I personally liked this more than Elden Ring tbh. Superb is a wonderful word to have used for this game
"HFW fixes what was broken"  1:16  HZD: Am I a joke yo you? Seriously I don't get what was broken in HZD at all since none of its faults aren't agridious in the slightest.
Plenty of diversity but every incompetent or evil character in the game is white. Why do they make games to be played by these people who they hate so much?
Such a shame it seems like Guerilla is intent on sabotaging their own games by releasing them alongside other big name, big budget, genre defining, or at least better known games. The Horizon series deserves more love.
Absolutely amazing review.
The sci-fi part and the main enemy disappointed me, worse is taking a key character from the first game and making them a side quest that you don't even see or fight.
Currently playin forbidden west, but for me zero dawn was best game I ever played.
I loved that the first 10 hours in the first game were kind of underwhelming, because I was completely shocked when the game finally opened up
I finally completed the game I came to the same conclusion 9.5😊 The first game is a 10 for me
8:19 I was wondering why I felt resistance lol kind of cool.
I have a funny relationship with HZD.   Bought the first game on release, and HATED IT. Found the game grueling, annoying, and just ridiculous, and after beating the story I deleted it.   Months later, I saw a YouTube short showing someone blow up a blaze canister with a fire arrow, and had the realization, I'd gone through the whole game without realizing the depths of the combat and the weakness mechanic. After that, I redownloaded it, and proceeded to do an ultra hard run, and had an absolute blast, loved every second of my time.  Just got HFW, and I can only say wow. All my little gripes are gone. The skills I felt should've been automatically part of Aloys skill set, are automatically part of her skillset, the inventory has been made so much better that I'm gathering everything I find, and the game actually goes through the effort to force you to interact with the weakness mechanic early, which drills the correct way to play the game into players brains. I can already tell I'm going to have a blast beating this one and going for a blind 100% playthrough.
I loved both zero dawn and forbidden west, played them both last year, and I have to say that I'm glad I didn't buy it when it came out, I rarely experienced any of these bugs or technical issues.
As for melee comabt, Aloy did not train to be skilled at melee. She trained from very young to be an adept archer. Machines are dangerous why would warriors train to be signfiicantly skilled at melee combat especially if that warrior is an explorer not a clan fighter?
At around 5 minutes did you friendly fire your poor charger?
I have only just got a ps5 since being Xbox/pc for the past 10 years and man… Sony has incredible studios
Revisiting this review after the light of motiram trailer reveal 2024
The ps5 pro with RT and increased frame rate makes this game absolutely gorgeous to play.
As you get later in the game, the resistance you get from the haptics actually helps you feel when its time to let go of an arrow or other projectiles.  Its a tiny thing, but the further you are into the story, the more useful it feels.  I feel like it actually helps your aim a bit.
This game was ALMOST perfect.  But the one thing I wish they could have done better is make it so that farming feels more organic and story based and less like...farming...and farming...and farming,..aaaaaaaand farming.....etc...etc..etc...ad nauseousm....
Going to buy the PC version for Xmas now its available (my chissie present for myself), forgot about this review and was replaying Zero Dawn so revisited this thanks Skill Up, from a fellow Aussie on the Goldie.
Loved the first game. (Just picked up the remaster and FW on PC)  I'm sorry, but the sequel was 100x more frustrating to play. Everything feels slower, clunkier, sticky. Game is sooo animation dependant.  Everything literally feels like it was made intentionally harder or slower to do. I really feel like it was added or changed just for the sake of change, regardless if it took away fun or not.  The story is still amazing, moment to moment gameplay is still pretty great, but there are certain sections or activities in the game that are objectively worse or less fun then they were in ZD. Don't even get me started on vista points...  I would still absolutely recommend this game if you liked ZD, just with the caveat that there are certain parts that are absolutely not better then the prequel. I can't tell you how many times while climbing, Aloy would clearly be reaching to a jump spot or ledge, but will not jump there no matter what you do. You can try for an hour straight, then you randomly climb down a few ledges, climb back up to the exact same spot and it jumps up no problem. It's just super inconsistent and frustrating.
I think I got lucky.  I started this game on day one and only came across a single glitch one time.  The glitch was very minor, too.
SUPERB??? even latest Assassin's Creed games are better in terms of writing ,side quests ,exploration ,combat i like only lore and graphics in the first Horizon everything else is sh..  -dialogue that feels like strong sleep pills   -cavemen tribes in a world full of hostile robo-dinosaurs (guess how people survived - magic plot armor) -Alloy is a cavegirl living in a cavemen society she is not super strong mutant ,she has a wooden bow and spear ,she kills giant dinosaurs made of a METAL that was made by much more advannced society than her's  -cavemen society in post-apocalyptic world but everyone looks so healthy and they are so polite like in some utopia -what these cavemen eat when the only meat resourse is other people because robo-dinosaurs are probably killing every living creature  -fighting robot dinosaurs is not fun because in any game fighting animals doesn't feel good and it shouldn't be ,killing extinct species like dinosaurs doesn't feel good even in robot form and killing dumb robots feels boring ,combine these three and you have a mix of most boring enemies  -it's dumb in terms of story logic for scientists to create these robots to imitate dinosaurs when they could've created some inteligent guardians of earth or something
Some of your complaints are quite petty and stupid… like bitching about having to craft ammo mid combat. Like how the fuck else do you suppose they do it hmmm?
I loved zero dawn and this game is similarly fantastic while expanding things and giving more variety to the world and activities
You know you're playing great side content when while you're playing it, you completely forget it's optional. Those cauldrons and tallnecks are must not just because for mechanics reason, but because they're fucking cool and fun.
Moore Deborah Wilson Kevin Lewis Daniel
“Sci fi is only good when it asks how will the technology of the future make people better or worse”?    You mean like a bunch of billionaires abandoning a planet that they doomed to environmental devastation with their own greed and military industrial warmongering and profiteering?  We have billionaires literally planning to do that right now, and framing it as a public good for the future of our species.    I didn’t love the story of forbidden west but I think that is a VERY flaccid criticism of the story.  The story is doing exactly what you say good sci fi should do.  I think the problem is more in the telling, pacing, and dialogue more than the concept.
Wow Wow Wow this game was incredible! It sat in my backlog for years and I finally got around to play an open world game. The comparison you made with this and mass effect 2 could not be any more accurate. This game was truly a near perfect sequel and I cannot believe this ran on a console. Man Guerrilla made a masterpiece here and it needs to be praised more for what it accomplished! I am gonna say it, this may be my favorite sony entertainment game of all time.
I have great respect for skill up, but he got this one wrong. Wasted 70 bucks day 1 on this unplayable train wreck and my wallet still weeps at the thought lol
A 9.5 is way too generous. Guerrilla are experts at atmosphere and graphics thanks to its engine and budget with Sony but they can’t make volume and solid mechanics. Remember that these guys developed Killzone Shadow Fall.
Yeah, the game is beautiful and all (god bless Decima) but the dialogue is so boring and trivial. It has that adolescent feel.
mid game
overrated
When games are made with love, you can tell it. This is not just a commercial product. Its also a product made with the intention to make it good ❤
Horizon: Forbidden Brain Activity.  To be serious though, thank God nobody has to depend on the few big boys churning out these product playtested and nerfed to oblivion anymore.
Horizon: Forbidden Brain Activity.
@12:35 that is SAVAGE! Love it! XD
Wtf. Is he serious about that? Sorry but i will not watch the video, already wasted to much time when it comes to H2FW. H1 was great btw.
I see a lot of people bashing this game. And most of the people I know who bash it are the first-person MMO types. Bottom line is this game isn't for people who just want to run around, shoot s***, and talk s***. If you are the first person shooter type of gamer, do yourself a favor and don't play this game, only to jump online and rant about how bad and boring you think it is. This game wasn't meant for the people who don't care for story-driven narratives. If all you care about is the next micro-transaction you want to spend on useless garbage on your chosen MMO, sorry...this game isn't for you. With that said, I've played through HZD multiple times, and as a PC gamer, I finally got to play through HFW when it released back in March. I spent nearly 200 hours on my first playthrough, and I have nothing but praise for both HZD and HFW. They are both BEAUTIFUL games.
PC version finally arrived..... the most aggressively mediocre game, outdated quest design, boring characters, repetitive and bloated combat systems and annoying bugs, zero ideas how this could get 9,5, yes shooting robot-dinosaurs is fun but it is the only thing that the game offers and even it gets old after 10h
I started playing HFW this year after beating Zero Dawn last year and the pop-ins are gone!
PC 4k, 120 FPS, HDR, DLSS Quality, OLED monitor. It was pure Eye Candy for 120 hours.
OK, I just played through this on PC and completed it and the DLC, and while I agree this game was very good, wow I don't understand your take on the writing/story/characters. This game had some of the most insufferably bad writing and character design I've ever seen in a game otherwise so good. Aloy is tolerable but all the other characters are insufferable. I hated every moment I wasn't fighting machines or exploring.
Man, I feel like I'm having the exact opposite experience. The story is the only thing keeping me going. Exploration feels meaningless because the item you need to fully explore all map markers is ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE MAP, which you acquire half way through the game. It totally kills my "explore every nook and cranny until I get around to the main story" playstyle. The combat is also worse, and a complete slog even on medium difficulty. I found myself getting 2 shot my basic bots on normal. Not to mention taking damage on takedowns, which defeats the purpose. The weapon variety is way too dense compared to the first game. Before every weapon had a clear purpose, now it feels like borderlands when trying to pick a weapon.  All In all, the first game was better, aside from the stunning visuals.
Companion quests??? WHERE?   I'm at least 2/3rds of the way through this game and I don't think I've come across anything that could be considered a companion quest, save maybe Talanah. Furthermore, you don't really have companions in this game. You have NPCs that populate your base that you can talk to seemingly ad nauseum. And the ones I care about that come from Zero Dawn (Varl and Erend) don't have any companion quests for them. They amount to little more than jangling keys from the first game
27:42 I couldn't disagree MORE with Skillup here, and that's pretty rare.   The sidequests in this game are TOTALLY FORGETTABLE and often INCREDIBLY ANNOYING. One after another after another I'm constantly rolling my eyes and find myself saying "I DON'T CARE!" Every single one is just ridiculous interpersonal bullshit that has literally nothing to do with the major quests of this game. In Zero Dawn, Aloy often had the same reaction to NPCs who droned on and on about irrelevant details of their lives when giving quest details, while in FW she is uncharacteristically interested in people she's never met squabbling over petty things that just don't matter to the (supposed) world-ending blight she's fighting or the aliens trying to destroy the planet.   On the contrary, the only thing remotely memorable about the quests in this game are the main story quests, which clearly had WAY better writing than the rest and were the only ones the player has any real reason to care about. So much more to say here but I'll save it for my Steam review
This is currently the most beautiful generic open world game out there. Don't believe all this crap abou 9/10 game, it's an ubisoft open world design. I like it but it absolutely doesn't deserve this much praise.
“This game can be finished in 30 hours, but I took nearly 50 before I was done”  Not me breaking 100 and I still haven’t finished… 😅
This game is really good........ but it is woke AF😂
This game is better than first one. I like the story on this one even better (unpopular opinion)
Just finished it on PC, great port and interesting game. The popin was not there on PC. (NVME)
You had me until bitching about combat and resources
Great review and bonus points for being a Dino riders fan.
This didn't age well. The game is arse.
Coming back to this every other month to remind myself that even Ralph sometimes fucks it up. Such a glowing review for a game that is just as mind-numblingly tedious and full of dull busywork as any other open-world RPGs he rightfully bashed in the past — yikes.
this game was so boring man.
I just got it on PC and as much as I’m loving it I really wish Gorilla Games respected their players intelligence more. Far too often they have Aloy constantly (and immediately) blurting out the answer to every single puzzle sequence, point of interest or even which ledge to jump to, it’s non stop. The world is caked in that god awful yellow paint to constantly guide the player where to go and what to look at. It’s like the devs are absolutely terrified of the player getting lost for even half a second that they constantly need to take you by the hand and guide you. I love absolutely everything else about the game but the hand holding very much cripples the sense of discovery.
The games very pretty, it’s just boring as 💩
As a dude who just finished it on pc after 2 years it's literally my 1 in my favorite list and now with the dlc and ending. God I hope they don't do a mass effect or dead space and murder it. A trilogy would be the icing on the cake. Now where my new killzone huh?
I like your reviews but damn our tastes are polar opposites lol
Love HZD, been waiting for the PC port of HFW and just bought it. Seems these games are underrated and overlooked, no idea why. Good characters, really good story, fun and responsive combat, and amazing world.
Firstly describes what sucks in combat, and like there's not just one thing that doesn't work on a fundamental level and then proceeds to call it a bottom line of a great combat? Man...
the story and dialogue is made for kids
Still don’t understand why they need alloys looks  I want to play as attractive characters in my video games I dunno about you but the fact they she became noticeably uglier between these games really threw me off at first Like she decided to eat cheetos and sit in the couch while they were making this game lol
Fuck mass affect 2. The Horizon games are far superior. Wtf?! 🤦‍♂️
Pc is coming in 7 days .
This game story is like game of thrones thing. It sucks. Dont waste your time.
Interesting take on combat, you say it's the best combat in any open world game (which is shocking to me) and can't list all the reasons why but ultimately because of the expansive movesets but then you go on and list a bunch of negatives and at the end of it again call it the best open world combat ever. I only played HZD but I thought the combat sucked, for a lot of the reasons you mentioned, melee combat is awful, crafting of arrows and health items mid combat and matching weapons and affinities mid combat depending on what you fight.
Go 1 million, bro. You do deserve it!
I'm so excited to play it! I just now discovered the first game and I absolutely cannot put it down. I love just wandering around. The ruined cities overrun by nature are beyond gorgeous.
can't wait for the PC mods to fix Aloys face.
I've said it before and I'll say it again: Horizon has the tied-best game world ever created. It's easily on par with RDR2 - both almost perfect.
The last time I bought a playstation was in 2007 when I bought a refurbished PS1 as an 18 yr old following the '95-00's PS1/2 era. When I decided to buy myself a PS5 in December, I was gob-smacked at how much you have to pay for a PlayStation these days - I nevertheless bought it knowing it was going to be an amazing experience. Having now played a few games on it, including Zero Dawn and Forbidden West, I am now astounded that you can get a machine that does this for £500 only.
Came back to this a second time, now, because the PC launch is imminent— hoping that the port for this goes smoother than Zero Dawn's. Good to be reminded that this was well received, so will definitely check it out when it goes on sale on Steam.
"no spoilers"
God i miss these games.  I may have to reinstall it to play through a 4th time!
anyone here after the game just got announced for PC? Dude I'm so excited!
The story is a snooze fest
Best combat really?
Thanks for this video.
Zero Dawn is my favorite PS4 game :) Forbidden West... it's way better when it comes to gameplay, graphics, etc but I didn't care much about the story and characters - which is what I liked the most about ZD. :/ Still an amazing game though, I 100%'ed it.
I finally played the game and I don't get the gripes about the story. I actually found the story of the sequel better than the original. It was more focused and the threat was better defined. It also expanded the narrative possiblities by a lot. The original was kinda dull to be honest. It just had good world building.
Playing game now. I'm a little late to the party. Game is definitely a 9 out of 10. Well done!
I just got it and can't put it down.  I stayed up all night playing this game.  The graphics are amazing
If just the combat had a lock on target, it would be flawless
I found the first few hours sucked and I almost quit…passed into the west “no man’s land” and the game has picked up immensely. So glad I stuck with it…still a few bugs with caches spawning in unlootable areas but easy to overlook.
I'm going through Horizon Zero Dawn for the time right now on PC and...   I have decided to turn off the minimap and quest markers and avoid buying the map icons that tell you where everything is.   And play it on very hard.  I am so very pleased with those decisions.  I'm extremely impressed at how this game allows for that kind of gameplay without feeling repetitive, stretched and bland.  The gameplay cycle of exploring, finding exciting things, getting challenged by enemies or needing to gather materials, while needing to stay aware of your surroundings to actually understand where you are and also because machines can actually be dangerous... very nice. Yes, very nice.  Beautifully balanced experience, rewarding, a little challenging, in a superb environment and with a coherent and well-delivered narrative and world.  I had very low hopes for this game, even considering all the good reviews. I don't particularly like dinosaurs or tribal themes and I am allergic to content sprinkled sandboxes.  But with the very hard difficulty, plus no map, icons or handholding at all, this game has a hidden experience that sadly most people probably won't ever play.  I'm truly glad I gave it a shot.
My only complaint about Forbidden West is how absurdly slow Aloy is to get back on her feet when she's knocked down. She's so fast and athletic when doing basically everything in this game, but is like an 85 year old granny when trying to get back up on her feet. This is so frustrating when you fight fast, aggressiv machine. You finally get back on your feet, only to be instantly knocked down again because you don't have time to dodge
Shill up loved this polished Ubisoft turd of a game
I loved a lot about this game, practically everything; but without a doubt, the thing I enjoyed the most was the story. I LOVE the lore of this game, it's all very interesting and creative. Of course, the graphics and the gameplay are incredible, but to me, the thing that kept me hooked, was how it all unfolded story-wise.   If you're into sci-fi, and also into clans and postapocalyptic scenarios, this game is going to check every mark for you.   The graphics are also incredible, the character models are absolutely phenomenal, and the environment present with such impact and density that, as was said in this review, while you're first playing and exploring, you'd rather do it on foot than on a mount.  For me it's a 9.5/10 game as well, absolutely incredible, and I really hope that it got a lot more recognition.
This game is a snooze fest. When NPCs start talking, they NEVER finish and to top it gameplay is worse than 1st part.
Game sucks. Dont bother buying/playing it.
I’m not walking around aimlessly talking to AI Boring shyt this is better out the gate at first it felt like Tomb Raider but it’s begging to grow on me I want to love this game I hated the other one but imma try again high in weed thou😅
What’s wrong with a 10 if it’s a 10 wtf is the 9.5 for ???
This is a very poor review. The game is nowhere near as good as you say.
By far, best PS game so far! Amazing!
u forgot to say the characters are mad corny ;)
FYI to anyone interested, the pop in issue is almost completely gone now.  Like, it's probably happened once in awhile, but nowhere near as bad as this and I can't remember any specific instance except for one boss fight where a Thunderjaw's model didn't fully appear for like 10 seconds, after which everything worked perfectly fine.
i cant wait for pc release ffs... been waiting since the first trailer dropped
I just finished Zero Dawn today. Clocked in 91 hours on it. Loved the combat but the story was a 6/10 for me. I hope that when I start Forbidden West this weekend that I would enjoy the ride along with getting invested in the story for another 90 hours.
I will be playing this game on pc when it comes out. Looks like a great game and a piece of art.
This really is an improvement over the first game in every way except for maybe narrative, which was still solid.
New PS owner here, after about 30 years of PC and later, Xbox gaming… the Horizon games and DLC’s have changed what a great game is for me. I’m obsessed, and still playing Forbidden West (platinum), and plan to go back to Zero Dawn to platinum that, too. Ticked all of my boxes tbh, and can’t wait for the next game in the series. 10/10 for me.  For anyone watching this now (Sep 2023), I experienced ZERO pop-in on PS5, and I also didn’t experience the frame rate issues described here. I literally had ONE instance where a machine didn’t fully load, in over 100 hours of game play. So I guess they have fixed these issues by now.
I beat the first one played maybe 10 15 hours of this delete got too bored I don't know maybe Elden ring spiled me good game but I got too bored
When I played the first it took me ages to get into. Once I did it blew me away. I’m having the same experience with this one. This game hits hard and deep and is a memorable amazing experience. It just took me a while to get over the world nature of it that feels so copy and pasted these days. Once that’s stripped away a truly amazing game is there
The story was my favourite thing in the whole game, it felt to me  like ragnarok was for god of war. you will not change my mind.
I loved the first game but stayed away from this one. I heard that that it was ruined by wokeness,they uglied Aloy up and even made her bisexual.
Such a brilliant review. It's great to hear your thoughts. It definitely improves on the first game. Both games shine but this is amazing.
People complain about the gear upgrade system, but I actually really enjoy it.  It's super satisfying watching machine parts fly off, and when you search one of these big machines you just battled it out with and find that it finally dropped that part you need, you really, really feel like you earned it.
Great review. I'm like you it amazes me how all the things you can do in these games work so beautifully. It's a masterpiece.
All I see is positive feedback, but for me, this game was one of the most boring and souless experiences I've had playing a game in a long time. Played this right after completing Ghost of Tushima and I felt depressed.
I kept waiting for you to abruptly stop the video and be like “just kidding    I had picked up 1900 pieces of a single type of plant before I even got to the enemies in the first act”           That’s what happened to me    Combine that with alloy never shutting up     Not even once      I had to move on
Anybody else remember the good Ole days when games were actually finished when you bought them? I'm done with DAY ONE!!! PATCHES!!! and the ridiculous amount of updates, etc etc that keep coming. I'm just gonna keep my old PS and XBOX. There's still plenty of games I haven't played on them yet
Another game ruined by the Woke agenda, nope. Not spending hours looking at that ug face.
if I did score games, HFW would get 0.5/10 9 for being a solid game -8.5 for WHY THE F SHE DOESN'T STOP TALKING
"What's wrong with her face?!"
i almost never say this, but you're flat out wrong. this game is lazy garbage and I'm pretty sure you know that.
The thing about the combat they changed in Forbidden West is that almost every hit stuns Aloy, hugely annoying, especially when she is pushed in the wrong direction which usually in the path of the machine that has hit her. Melee is a joke, never used it. Don't mention the epic Ghost of Tsushima sword fights, makes Aloy jealous to no end
I feel like the focus on elemental is quite cool. It makes you think more of how to approach a situation and immerses you into the hunter gatherer that Aloy is. However when fighting 4 or 5 enemies it does become annoying yeah lmao.   It does give a very good feeling when destroying an enemy you used to struggle with in a few shots just by thinking about how to do it before.
To the pretentious people who say this game’s open world sucks like a Ubisoft game and isn’t great like Elden Ring or Breath of the Wild, I strongly encourage players to switch the HUD to dynamic mode in the settings, and open the map and turn off all map icons except for “Settlements and Trade” & “Points of interest”. This improves the game’s sense of exploration and discovery so drastically that it it makes Breath of the wild and Elden Ring’s open worlds seem empty and bland by comparison to me. Why this wasn’t the default setting from the beginning boggles my mind, and would have removed so much of the hollow criticisms leveled at this game.
I’m watching this review just to hype myself to play the DLC and I’m hyped. Yes, this game is a masterpiece. I loved the first one, it made me like open worlds, and when I played this one I felt as if I was living there. It’s an amazing game and one of the best experiences I ever had while playing one. Thank you for making such a great job at capturing why this game is so good.
I will never get how this franchise gets so much praise. Everything, except the visuals and maybe the bow combat and score, is mediocre at best.  Characters, story, writing, dialogue, exploration etc. All dreadful to mediocre for the most part. Not that much better overall than your simple generic Ubisoft game.
Really fun game man, improved upon Horizon Zero Dawn, the graphics are stunning , the open world is gigantic and a joy to explore, it’s my personal showcase game for the PS5’s graphics and my pick for game of the year 👏👏👏👏 Still enjoy exploring the open world after getting the platinum, it’s the type of game you can explore the world for hours 🙌
If there's one thing that I remember most from these games - the soundtrack. It's one of the few games I've played where I left the music on - usually it's just an annoyance. Otherwise I enjoyed them .. a lot.
A year later and the technical issues are almost completely gone. Just recently 100%'d this and the pop-in is a thing of the past and I almost never saw the dynamic resolution kick in. Literally the only issue I had was during one cutscene characters were standing on an invisible ground texture. Easily the most beautiful game I have played since Ghost of Tsushima. And my unpopular opinion is this is infinitely better than Dad of Boy: Ragnarok since the exploration and characters are light years better.
For such an enthusiastic and thorough review, I was surprised that there was no mention of the music/score for this game. For me music can make or break any experience and the music in the Horizon games has been top notch.
I don't know if anyone will see this but there's an option in the settings to turn off the animation for every time Aloy picks up a resource and it saves SO MUCH time and I can't believe it's not the default setting. Dramatically makes the game better in such a simple way.
This is just as bad as any other ubisoft game
Its a good 6.5
I just can’t get over how unnerving aloy’s hair is. It’s like a living creature
this game sucks
Game is fun but story is so asss
I really want to play this game but I won't unless it comes to PC. And if it gets confirmed that it's not coming to PC I may just have to pirate it
This is even better now it has a 40 fps 120hz balanced mode, and the graphical issues have been fixed.  My only complaint about this game is all the conversational exposition dumps. I found myself skipping every single conversation after a few hours. They were a snoozefest
The only thing wrong with this video in retrospect is calling a ps5 a 500$ console
I played on PS4 and FPS is stable, although after playing for sometime, the menu will lag and slow down; like if you change an outfit it takes about 5 seconds (which is a long time) before Aloy is seen wearing the new one. I think it's a cache thing. I rebooted the console and things are smooth again until it slowly builds up and slows down again. Absolutely love this game though.
Not sure if Skill UP mentioned this but I would recommend cranking the difficulty up once you learn the mechanics. The custom options are 👍. I have mine at very hard enemy health and hard Aloy damage received. It forces you to better learn resistances and mechanics that make the game far better imo. I highly recommend tinkering.
Game loop improved (although game is easier) but the writing is way worse.  First one is top leve sf, this is some throwaway teen drama level stuff. Better made but ultimately worse than first one.
i liked it. it is pretty similar to original tho. the map is too big. and some enemies r very sponge-y. still a 7.5/10 for me. i agree with all yhe positives you have said
Will this actually be the one to talk about?
Best open world game in years. The first couple hours are slow and takes a little while to get going but that is the only blemish on a near perfect game.
Damn, it's been almost over one year now, and sadly this isn't the talk of the town. I think people just avoid it because of the narrative. I'm waiting for it to come out on PC because I cannot stand using controller on console. It's the main reason I haven't had any new consoles in over 6 years. Switch is enough but that's because of scummy brand exclusivity.
Man skill up really dropped the ball on this one, no mention of aloy just giving up on her character or those really bad skill trees, that's what opinions are for I guess.
I played on Very Hard with no Weapon Wheel slowdown except when I had finished the game and wanted to make good times on Arenas. Then I turned the slowdown to max.
Man, I had to go back and re-watch this video to assure myself I'm not crazy. What I mean is I'm about nine hours into Hogwarts Legacy, and at first I was just amazed with the beginning, but now, it's not keeping my attention, and all I want is to go back and replay is HFW. Maybe I'm nuts, but I absolutely love HFW!!
About the arrow crafting mechanics, they underexploited the futuristic theme in my opinion. They could have implemented an advanced quiver, that crafts ammo on demand, as long as you have the materials. It would have provided a cool visual effect, explained the upgrades and ammo variety and be a lot more inmersive.
I dislike how they made her obese
Damn I was surprised that you liked it. I absolutely hate this game. Previous game was somehow better in every possible way. Except the graphics of course because Forbidden West is ridiculously beautiful. I hate the story, characters, boring dialogue, awful crafting and irritating melee combat with humans. Fighting dinos looks great but is just tedious and gimmicky on harder difficulty. Disappointing sequel with the best graphics on consoles.
when the history comes we will talk about this one trust me... game was forgotten the same month it was released in lmao
Did they fix the pop in?
Why does this open world feel more like Destiny world than Destiny does?
I've been wanting to try this game out for a while now. This is that nudge I've been needing to give it a try.
I love that they gave you an option to revive your mounts and the ability to go underwater.
I FINALLY got my hands on a PS5 today and this game is the reason I have wanted one so bad. Horizon Zero Dawn on the PS4 was one of my favorite games. It was just so original and so awesome. I can’t wait to get this one!
This game sucks. Trust me. Try play it for yourself, you can risk wasting your money, but it’s your money so you make the call in the end.
Nice visuals cool sound design. They really improved how weapon/armor system works, tons of different kinds to find. Combat against machines is very cool, can't wait their online monster hunter kind of game. Sometimes the enemy tracking is annoying, especially human enemies in arenas. Music is really forgettable, no point to dig out the soundtrack.  Writing and characters are really the backpain of this game. It really pushes it down and make game struggle to play. I literally have started to skip dialogue in this game. Agreeing with Skillup on this one mostly, he doesn't seem to be that bothered about the writing and characters.  This game is something like 7.5 to 9 depending how much you tolerate writing and characters.
Might be late to the sequel but I loved the first game and loved this game it's the only game that makes me feel like having a ps5 is it worth it but one thing I never what was with the hate about this game
I loved the first one.  My partner begged me to get this game at launch because we had such a wonderful experience with the first one, just finished the second one and it was EVEN better folks. Enjoy this story
I’m fine with the climbing, I’d rather have the restrictions that have to deal with BOW’s stamina system.
Aloy is unlikeable at times, the script and NPCs  are poorly written and have many awkward interactions, story kind of sucks…..but the open world and the way water is handled in this game is superb..as well as the gameplay.
Getting through those first hrs is hard as f right now
27:22 SPOLIERS FOR HFW I think HFW does answer the question of how tech will make humans better or worse.  The immediate example are the Far Zeniths. They find a way to make them essentially immortal and that leads to exasperating their worst characteristics. It is also interesting when you see Aloy and some of her companions refuse or disgusted by the option to be come immortal ourselves.  It is almost to say that there are some tech we should reject unless we should become worst.  Seeing the Far Zenith living for as long as they did made me wonder how that longevity would impact someone's mental health. Overall, I think HFW says that technology can not improve the human condition alone.  The Far Zeniths find a new planet to live, a way to become immortal, and created a new high tech society and they still repeated the same mistakes (and in fact become more evil) and created their own nemesis. Ted Faro created a bunker where he could live the rest of his days as a playboy dictator despite him being the reason the world was ending as they knew it. Instead, he sought to become immortal which ultimately led to his own demise.  The Quen tribe find technology that most others have not, and yet they still create a oppressive society where they gatekeep information.  On the other hand, Aloy uses technology to make the world better.  In fact, the greatest improvements we see in Aloy does not come from technology, but from her companions who teach her she is not and does need to be alone. However, all these things are subtle and maybe that makes for bad storytelling especially if people do not see them.
Just beat Zero Dawn on PC yesterday... I ordered a PS5 today because I'm that eager to play Forbidden West. It was that good of a game, to me.  I've been on the Xbox side of things forever and this series won me over.
Its shocking how 5/10 this game is. Its 100% carried by technical graphics(which tbh are kinda lacking)
I will never understand people who like horizon
Mr skill up, you have been growing on me as one of my favourite reviwers out there. That said, this game is amasing but not a 9,5/10 and elden ring showed that. I played it, i finished it, i plated it. Gameplay is great, graphics are incredible, story is gooffy af tho. They sure fucked themselfs up again with the release date, but they have some shortcomings dispite that. Anyway, got yourself a subscriver, bye bye
I could not agree more you should play #1 before forbidden west. Itd be like watch season 3 of GOT without watching 1&2. But i REALLY disagree that story of #2 is lacking. Its connected in a layered way to the 1st game, it evolves and moves the story forward while continueing to make you ask where certain story arcs are going. I am not yet done but i am just as engaged in the new story as i was in the last
I’m playing the game now on ps4 and the first tavern absolutely blew me away. Forbidden west is the first game since red dead redemption 2 to absolutely blow me away graphically, on ps4 at least. It even runs better than the first, how is that even possible?
Xbox! I am waiting for an impactful story driven game!!! Wtf?! You have a great daredevil story arch and spider man type gameplay style right there!!! Do something!!
I’m two hours in and hate the new skills menu, the crafting, and new multi button press combos for stuff I didn’t want anyway. Staff and bow. That’s all I want to use 95% of the time.
After Alien Isolation’s stealth play I was hoping for that level of stealth. Both Horizon games seem impossible to have stealth encounters. It ALWAY blows up into a full blown fight. :/
This game is honestly painfully mid
This game is an over polished turd.
Super pretty please a video breaking down and comparing combat from horizon and monster hunter. Switch axe for the win.
This game sucked tho
I loved this game a lot but there was one major gripe I had. Maybe I’m just bad lol but I really hated how finicky the hit detection is, both for hitting enemies and dodging attacks. There were so many times where I’d shoot a guy right in the head and the arrow will curve to the shoulder. And with machines, I’ve noticed they move around a lot more than the last game which makes them hard to hit even in concentration. But other than that I really like the game definitely step up from zero dawn
This has nothing to do with the review but why is pikachu in the game at 2:00
I waited for this game and delayed it till last month. I thought by that time it will be prefect, but I'm really surprised at the amount of glitches and imperfections in gameplay. Don't get me wrong, I loved the story and side missions. The side missions are the best and characters were memorable even those who lived only for few minutes since you saw them. But gameplay and fighting is frustrating!
I just finished it and I hated the third act, and I think the story of the moon people took the game away from its core tenents and just me not interested in more
It is not only as good as Mass effect 2. It completely DESTROYS this game. ME has abysmal combat so it is a lost battle when the opponent is Horizon...  On another note and since you are clueless as per usual: This game doesnt look good. It doesnt look good AT ALL actually.. Colors are washed, AA is abysmal, popin is abysmal and terrain geometry is an ode to 2015.  How on earth does this look good? Even games from back at 2017 like RDR2 and Death stranding look much better. HOW are you so confused?
i boarder line hated the game by the end. so much bloat in terms of side quests. an ending that sets us up for a third game that will be exactly like the first. way too many weapons that overlap.  wasted opportunity with the colosseum. frustrating crafting requirements along with reducing how much you could craft. a frustrating item selection "wheel".  rng aspects of the skill tree. limited rolling. quarky hit boxes. all the women were YAS QUEENS. and alloy's horrible horrible condescending attitude. lets be honest here the only redeeming aspect of the game was its visuals. thats it. will never replay it again will never buy the dlc wont even buy the third game.
I know I played the first one but I can't remember a single gameplay sequence or storylines. The whole franchise is so generic it's forgotten before the disc is ejected.
As much as I cursed as I had to spend time foraging and hunting wildlife, I was okay with it because it fits narratively. I understood it as GG wanting me to re-enact life as a hunter-gatherer and it definitely made me more conservative with resources.
1:54 ... is that... is that a fucking pikachu?!
I love crafting arrows mid-combat, wtf.
I agree that the world exploration and side content is far, far better. That said, I honestly think they completely ruined the combat system. There’s essentially no creative approach anymore. You just spam the enemies with the “right” element or die. Horizon 1 allowed for so much more nuance in your combat approach. I’m honestly really sad that they broke the best part of that game in the sequel.
Coming back to this after putting it down not long after it released only to play Elden Ring for 4 months straight, I'm damn impressed. I just beat the game and all the pros and cons you mention I agree with 100%. I hope they do 1 more Horizon game to polish what rough edges remain(such as overly complicated inventory and reliance on hard counters), and let the series rest in order to revisit the Killzone series. I dream about what Guerrilla can do with Killzone on current tech. I always felt their ambition was beyond what the hardware at the time was able to deliver.   Anyway, HFW is an incredible game that I feel is being criminally overlooked for GOTY. Definitely overshadowed.
I want art direction of the year to go to this game please
Thsi is the most excellent game Ive ever played, just insane, the game has quality standards never seen before, the best sidequests, animations and artistical design in the industry.
Should I buy this or Ratchet and Clank rift apart?
I love Zero Dawn, but Forbidden West felt hollow for me. They changed the hunting merchanisms, nerfing the traps - one of the best mechanics of the first title - and the battle feels clunky, kinda random and not very controllble imho.  Also, compared to Zero Dawn, the terrain feels empty, with less interesting creatures and the cities offer way too few missions. I don't care for Strike, Fistfights or "Hearing Rumours". I wanted more missions.   The worst part? Aloy is a different character, she is, frankly, a b*tch and she is "always in a hurry to save the world" - even while playing board games and participating in fist fights for fun.
The game is beautiful, but I don't think its superb.  Climbing is frustrating, too much forced linear gameplay and puzzle solving.  Areas that you should be able to just jump to or get through easily (based on what you can do normally) but you can't because it forces you to complete the task in a certain way. I hate that. Also, too much forced diversity. Certain races and genders are always too good or bad, it's kind of ridiculous. I know it's supposed to be the future but technically the races would have merged, so, you would have medium toned individuals not just a bunch of Blacks and Asians. Doesn't make much sense.
13:15 😂 you're absolutely right 😍 its amazing on PS4 too.. Thanks for the honest review.
this comes off as a paid review
I wasn't a huge fan of the first game so I'm kinda iffy on this one.
One of the best games I’ve ever played, top 3 of all time easily
yeah but elden ring
After having reduced interest at launch I am happy to say all my doubts have evaporated, this game is absolutely fantastic a true spectacle indeed.
For anyone wanting to enjoy melee combat in this game, either in the late game or NG+… get the legendary Oseram Artificer armor.  With the warrior tree filled out it makes melee extremely effective against everything other than large machines.  Also in response to Skill Up’s point on picking up items and crafting… it is super in depth and takes forever to max weapons out and collect resources. Since the game released they added an option to remove the pick up animation which makes collecting resources much quicker. And they did add the unlimited stash and anything you pick up beyond your capacity goes to your stash automatically. This was a HUGE improvement over Zero Dawn where you constantly had to be going to sell inventory or just leave items behind.
Clearly a paid review
how is elden ring more fun than this?
How on earth did you make a video game review that brought tears to my eyes? That was a first lol
As a completionist, I found this a step down from the first because it requires so much more grinding and a ton of stuff is needlessly longer than in the first (eg the tallnecks). And I found the change in combat very annoying, the timer isn't as slow when you jump, and you have a limit on setting tripwires (which I would be fine with on hard/ultra hard, but I always play my first save on easy and I think it's silly to put a limit on the easiest setting).   The main quest and the side quests are good/fine, pretty much the same as in the first in my opinion. With the exception of one side quest that you need to do the melee pits to complete, because one of those melee pits has a move I just cannot do, which was what broke my desire to even try for completionist.  It's a good game for sure, but zero dawn is so much better in my opinion  definitely worth getting if you like the story line and gameplay, but if you're a completionist you may not like it as much just because of how many ridiculously long tasks there are   last complaint: i didn't encounter any glitches in zero dawn, but i've had many in forbidden west, one of the biggest was a tallneck leaving a ghost behind
Finally got around to this. After playing Elden Ring, I felt the open world was extremely bloated and unnecessary. Namely with the vines, fire gleam, and sunken caverns, oftentimes only giving materials that I really didn't need. The combat has never super clicked with me mainly because melee combat is mostly worthless, and the story (which I LOVED in HZD) just wasn't quite as gripping. Overall I enjoyed the game, but I found myself more frustrated than I would have liked at certain aspects.
could someone let the developers know before the DLC comes out, that we would like the ability to replay or or start up a cauldron once inside whenever we visit one. they are too cool of an environment and level to just “one off” then continue about our day after beating one.  please implement some way whether it’s a skill, outfit, unlock, or ai behavior adjust to where machines can actually walk and go to other areas instead of only 40 feet from their respawn area. tbh being chased by a rollerback,  slaughterspine, thunderjaw, lol or even burrowers until we figure out a plan of escape by hiding or water…flying would be amazing. like running all the way to the Maw or Thornmarsh to escape a FireClaw or Clawstrider pack would be awesome…and the tribes would defend their front door step from the machines. they can still respawn in their original place after they are no longer in view distance or 100 meters away or something. but this is badly needed  possible to have an ability to call for help by the locals, whether the Tenakth, Oseram, Plainsong, Carja, etc…   this game is way to good to be just left with a few elements that hamper replay value.   if we could ride a widemaw, tideripper, or snap maw as a mount or maybe just for underwater purposes… even a burrower 😂. aloy could just hold on to their head or neck while they are overridden and swimming.   and maybe some spear or weapon customization options on how they look. i definitely want to like this game as much as Tsushima.
Playing through right now..and honestly it's my favorite PS5 game period. I love it. I even prefer it to elden ring and I'm a souls guy through and through
One of my go to channels. U and baldino are legends. Also funny to listen to you critique sci fi and sound like an idiot
Looks like you run around doing nothing the whole time which by the sound of you is right up your alley
This game is amazing. A true next gen experience
The spectacle of this game...the 1st time you fight a tremortusk...holy shit. Your conclusion sums up my feelings beautifully.
Patches have resolved many of the issues. I'm not having trouble with pop-in an the PS5 and no noticeable frame drop. It's a pleasure to play - very well designed game.
I just got my 1st ps4 in march. I bought literally every exclusive except this UNTIL NOW i just picked it up on sale for $43 and I'm still working through zero dawn
You set your weapon to wheel virtually stop time in the accessibility settings and said “because why not?”  Then you are confused why crafting arrows during combat is even in the game. Your words “it’s bulls**t”…  See the issue?  It’s a bit surprising your confused by a problem of your own doing. Why even upgrade the arrow pouch? You gave yours enough time to craft arrows mid combat with an enemy charging you down.  This problem illustrates the issue with some accessibility settings. You can literally break the games mechanics and not even know you did it. Generally crafting ammo is combat should just be avoided or done very strategically. If you haven’t played the game I’d highly suggest not adjusting these settings unless your having difficulty.
This was one of those games I would put an hour in here and there. Was a bit sad when I beat it because the routine I come to love was over.   I did miss the skill to dive/dodge twice as far from the first game Zero Dawn. Couldn’t believe it wasn’t in the game. Got trampled quite often. I didn’t like the story as much as Zero Dawn but it was still good.
You know you can turn on quick loot, which gets rid of looting animations and makes it way more tolerable, right?
This is one my favorite reviews skill up has ever done
Weird. I played day one and haven't had a single case of pop in yet.
7 months later and all graphical issues are gone
The only critical thing I can say about this game is not enough story! It’s so damn interesting and we focused on tribes a bit too much and not on the overall arc. Loved it though.  I do agree the side missions were great. Greatly acted and interesting. Can’t wait for the next.
I was shocked at how much I liked it too. Great review!
This review is absolutely superb as well.
I loved this game, my favorite this year, I wish I can erase it from my memory to experience it again.
12 hours in and super disappointed.
bit late to party, but just bought this yesterday. Wife is visiting her relatives this week and I got so stuck in this that I almost did not go to sleep even when I had to go to job in the morning....really great game and I just started
Pop ins are completely gone now
I think the side content is good but hate that it's all marked on the map. It makes me feel I have to explore everything even though I'm not a completetionist and hate busy work. So I was getting overwhelmed until I decided to let that stuff fucknoff and focused on the story.
FINALLY a review that GETS HZD (+2) - the first was a masterpiece, this is a refinement of a masterpiece.  Any gaming website that doesn't regard this as Essential is Irrelevant
Not gonna lie Aloy’s personality in Forbidden West is very irritating. She seems to be a completely different person from the first game n’ how she talk to everyone n’ makes decisions is annoying to me lol
I actually bought this game based on this video, like most games  before  i buy i watch the  skillup review  but  surprisingly  i was very disappointed this time around because this review overly embellished what you are getting... which at launch was a buggy fucking mess, atleast for me, although  i would agree with this review now.. so yeah after the patches you made me a believer but initially this review was overly embellished as something it definitely wasn't
Great review, I got the game right after it released as well instead of Elden Ring (which I later bought as well), and I couldn't stop playing.  Aside from all of the gameplay and mechanical improvements to HZD, the immersiveness of the forbidden west is what truly sold me on it. A masterpiece in my humble opinion.
These muthafuckas did they THANG on this game!
The best review of this game on YouTube by a country mile. Pretty much everyone else just lazily drew comparisons to an Ubisoft game when there's just so much more to it than the copy/paste checklist style. At worst you could say this is the apex of that kind of open-world game but that doesn't do it justice because everything feels meaningful unlike an Ubisoft open world. If Elden Ring hadn't come out so close to it it would have been appreciated a lot more. Elden Ring is also frigging fantastic, of course.
Good work boss
I strongly recommend playing horizon zero dawn first; Aloy learns as a child to survive. And you learn the controls at the same time! A lot of graphics improvements that they made to Forbidden West were applied to Zero Dawn which didn't really need them. Until we were 55 years old, my wife and I had never played a playstation game for more than 45 minutes, but when we found Zero Dawn, the controls were easy and it felt like being in a movie! I love red dead redemption 2, but in the first hour or so moving was awkward. The red cartoon like picture on the cover of Red Dead Redemption 2 is very misleading also; it looks very realistic. It would be nice if the game makers would use the same keys for movement. It's annoying to switch games.
There are a few things that I think this review misses. I'm so tired of the Assassin's Creed model of just put a face on screen for all the dialog. In Horizon Forbidden West, there is custom mocap sequences with actors and actresses on-set performing all these dialog sequences. You are watching a play or scene take place in this world, right where they are standing, and it feels natural and not gamey at all. That *really* helps these side quests. It's amazing how the mundane takes on completely new meaning when you can feel the depth of a character. One that really stuck out to me from the early part of the game, was an old man gasping for breath. The detail on his face was absolutely incredible, and I could feel every pained breath as he delivered his lines. These don't feel like fetch quests, even though many are, because they are so character-driven.   The second was in the story. I agree with you that there is a certain formula here that is repeated, from the first game. A very long intro sequence, where the world doesn't open up to you for close to 10 hours. There are some differences this time around. The first game's opening 10 hours, were Aloy finding her place in this world, and discovering a growing threat. She was ostracized and an outsider. It feels very much like the opening to any disaster movie where no one believes the scientist until it's too late. In this game's opening, that threat is already here, Aloy knows exactly who she is, and the destination of where this is going is very clearly telegraphed in a way that makes you want to dig deeper. The first 10 hours of this game, blew by, where the first game required some breaks to slog through it. It's even worse the second playthrough on the first game.  The last point I want to make, is that this is a purely PS5 review. This game is entirely different to experience on a PS5. So much so, that I think it bares a warning for the PS4 version of the game. Yes, it's mostly just resolution, which gamers don't tend to care about. However, they are rarely given a world this dense and with this much detail. In the same ways that you lambast the YouTube compression, and 1440p nature of this video; playing this on PS4 does not present the same experience. I'm sure Digital Foundary has some great content around this, but at the same time I think it's worth addressing that we finally got a game where all of the tricks (raytracing, resolution scaling, draw distance) are all coming together in a package where I'm not really looking for the imperfections. It just runs at a great framerate and looks fantastic. It's a game that will make you forget to ask if it's running in native 4K.
The game is perfect. My only critique is that I wish they make Bandit camps more interesting or lessen them at least. It's my least favourite side quests.
I know this is an older review but I will say that this game plays really well on a PS4.  I only have a regular PS4 console (no pro) and I was shocked on how well it operated.  I was expecting some issues/FPS drops, and there were a handful of those times, but it was so minimal that I'm surprised to hear that on a PS5 you had those glitches.  In my case I would occasionally have texture delay when entering new settlements/locations, similar pop ups from foliage, and a weird bug where I would go through doors at The Base and if I was going too quickly it would drop me into oblivion and kill me (usually when leaving GAIA's room).  Other than that, it was smooth as hell through the entire playthrough.  I would have loved to play this on a PS5, as it looks beautiful on it, but with what I have it was a great experience.  If I recall, they tested it primarily on a PS4 in production.
You mention Dino Riders I hit the like button!
Fantastic game with a world that invites repeated visits (wheres that DLC?). Good there are options to turn off all the “help”
9.5???? truly Shillup
Just finished it, loved it. No bugs out popin, that’s why I don’t play on day one
I can tell you it's gorgeous even on PS4 Pro. And it's weird that those pop-in glitches was not that much noticable for me as you showed it around 7:00. (I bought the game on the day of release.)
With that combat it sounds like I need to play this on Easy or Very Easy, I have no desire at all to use different strategies and weapons. Style over function :)
I don’t see this so called easy loot setting
So... if I hated Mass Effect 2, then I will not like this game, I'm guessing anyways.
For anyone watching this review some time after launch, you'll be happy to know that a bunch of the technical issues mentioned here have been either improved or completely fixed. As of the big early June update (patch 1.14 and hotfix 1.15), the Performance mode has been *significantly* upgraded - Guerilla pulled some kind of crazy technical witchcraft and revamped how it worked, such that to my eyes on a PS5 with Samsung 4k TV, Performance mode is now pretty much visually indistinguishable from Resolution mode in terms of detail and clarity. Gone are the midground shimmering artifacts on foliage and other objects - everything is so much clearer and sharper. Guerilla have also stated that they're working on adding support for variable refresh rate screens as well. Beyond that, the pop-in problems have been in large part negated (especially with larger objects and structures), though it's still somewhat noticeable with smaller things like mass foliage. The overall technical performance of the game on PS5 is still not 100% perfect, but not by much. It's still very stable and now considerably better than it was at and just after launch.  In addition, several big new features have been added for free, including New Game + mode and new associated gear to get, Ultra Hard Difficulty, and a fantastic universal armor transmog system. The game is even better now than it was at launch. If you've been waiting, now's your time to jump in!
For those watching in the future, they added a setting to skip the animation when collecting items.
I am late to this, I just finished my playthrough today and I absolutely would give this a 10/10. A few things though (of course lol) you said the melee combat is locked behind the skill tree(which it is) but showed the ranged tree, and once you get through the tree it is actually fun and I am considering a melee only playthrough, probably not though. And the story isn't the best, but if you consider the side quests part of the story, which many of them are directly contributing to, then I think the story is better than the first and the comics. Thank you for what you do. And I love these reviews :)
From what I experienced, the graphic bugs arent too bad but i did play on 4k
Quantum tv begs to differ lol
Elden Ring killed this game. Sad.
Shouldnt have sold my ps4
No two encounters are the same? The combat is literally the same every time. Agree the characters are amazing, plot is bleh
No. Terrible and boring. Open chore and bland game. And quite vapid.  Blahhhh, you really do say what people who just want hype at every expense of their sanity just want reinforced. You're their "see a bigger YouTuber says it's good so you gotta change your negative opinion of it. I can't hear people don't like what I like!!!"
Only Elden Ring stops this from being the best game I’ve played all year.
I loved the first one, but this was one of the most boring games i've played since AC Oddysey. It was gorgeous though
I played for 150 hours. Got a platinum on very hard.   The story starts to come together and the theme do become more meaningful with both the harder difficulty and diving really deep into the world and completing at least most of the side missions.   Is it good game design that the best experience is a hard difficulty completionist one? Probably yes and no. I didn't rush this game but I could see how doing that could water down the experience just enough to stop making sense.   There are at least 2 spoiler moment that made me cry.  One that is not so much a spoiler that hit hard was when Aloy starts to hit her turning point with realizing that she can't do it all by herself and laments that living up to Elisabet's legacy is maybe just a little too much and at the harder difficulty I felt that
I really hope this game comes to PC eventually. I played Zero Dawn both on PS4 and later on PC, and I had way more fun with the PC version since I totally suck at aiming precisely with a controller.
She is crossed eyed and a ginger......plus at a push of a button you can see where every enemy is...hand holding
Horizon FW is my current Game of The Year of 2022
Idk the graphics looks like the first game. Which isn’t an insult because both games look beautiful. But I can’t really tell you if I haven’t played either one of them and just was looking in on a blind point of you tell you which game is which one. Jus looks like a bigger expansion of the first game. They brought good features to the second on like the grapple and swimming underwater but graphic wise they look the same.
normally wait til a bunch of dlc drops with the game, looking forward too it
I played through the first 10 hours or so of Horzon Zero Dawn’s story, then got distracted for another 40hrs with side content and never finished the main plot. I’m concerned the same thing will happen with Horizon Forbidden West. The gameplay of this series is incredible but the characters are soo bad.
I thought the sci fi story was the only interesting part and the side quests were a boring, samey slog that ripped my enjoyment away piece by piece until I gave up on them completely. So, I couldn't disagree with you on this more. More sci fi, less tribal politics with people I don't care about. But to each their own.
Shut up
LOL @4:17. Horizon arrives at the perfect moment?  Elden Ring was like Hold my beer.
Awesome and great game really love 💕 it
This is the most accurate review. Echoed my sentiments exactly. Love it and LOVE this game !!!❤️
It's a good game but the end boss sucked. Also I wish the human enemies were like the first game where if they had no helmet a precise headshot would end them in one shot. It was more realistic that way to me.
4:28 Like a first person tactical shooter, or a flight simulator or anything that isn't a 3rd person action adventure tech demo. 14:42 No but the game is worth it, not the console. The console without the game is not worth it. That doesn't make the console worth it. It's just  marketing.
While I agree that they did kind of lose the plot with all the sci-fi craziness, I think it does asked the probing questions regarding how technology will shape society, albeit in small doses that can be easy to miss.
Great review...very indepth!  This was like reading the manual but more fun :)  Do people even read manuals anymore though...lol.  Great job on your video :)
@Skill Up Stop making me buy games! 😭
All the bugs and glitches have been fixed this video is outdated folks
You kept putting my exact thoughts into words!
It’s so funny to hear that people have a hard time connecting with or digesting the lore and story here. I think this series has a remarkable story and I went out of my way to dig up as much info as I could.
Real shame that it's not on PC. The PS5 is still difficult to get and expensive.
This game is a great example of what open world games can be
Which game do you all think is a bigger masterpiece? This game or NieR: Automata? I know they are like "apples and oranges" in a sense but, there are some subtle similarities. Anyway, I love both and I'll leave it at that. It was worth the wait of 5 years. Now, maybe Square Enix and Yoko Taro could get their act together and worry less about Gatcha games and new Anime series (probably more of a corporate issue than Taro). Anyway, sorry I digress.
I'm biased 'cause you're Australian, but you should have way more subscribers for the quality of your content.
Videos are amazing
Just wanted to come back after I played this game and tell you I think you are crazy. This game was so boring and the story was so bad. There was ZERO exploration every single inch of the map is covered in little checklist crap. You got way to caught up in the hype is the only thing I can think calling it a 9.5 or 10 is insane. I would also like to point out even die hard Sony guys are admitting this game was boring and the story was horrible. Just want to know if you ever revisit your reviews after the hype wears off and either regret them if you were to harsh or to generous. This was the worst and most boring open world game I ever played by far.
It's a great game. I'd give it an 8.5 or a 9. Beautiful visuals and a great improvement to the core gameplay. The main issues I had were with glitches, story, and some minor sluggishness in some gameplay mechanics, but the positives more than make up for it to be an enjoyable experience.
Horizon Forbidden West is phenomenal, excellent review SkillUp!
Fireclaw fights are the best🤩
Zero Dawn was one of my favorite games of all time.  Hearing that the sequel is even better is almost reason enough for me to pay a scumbag scalper for a PS5.  But not quite.
as good as this game is.. ngl i do hope they bring back killzone in some way or another
i played like 2 weeks in and i didn’t notice any pop in
Man your reviews are really something. So many reviewers just focus on breaking the game into story/gameplay/graphics etc. and while you do that too you always manage to summarize the essence of every game you play. It's really astonishing and I really hope you'll do this for a long time in the future.
I find horizon zero dawn very boring so I think I will stick to other games
I still can’t decide between this and Elden Ring. I loved the first Horizon (minus the inventory system) but also am a big Souls fan.
Most game has poor level design on ‘secondary’ map, like AC valhalla looks gorgeous on the landscape, but very bad at cave one, but this game nails every area on the game
29:00. “Your opinion”, it will fall short. My opinion is it will not.  Good review overall though just wanted to correct your inappropriate statement of fact
The main quest: 🗿 Side quest: 🥵
I'm probably 20-30 hours in, and I am in for the long haul. Adored Zero Dawn and Platinum'd it, plus Frozen Wilds. The single most annoying new enemies are the Clamberjaws, vindicating my belief that monkeys are evil.  I think for any future content in this franchise, it would be a blast to see other parts of the world, with new Machines (the Insect branch of the animal kingdom is ripe for plunder). Alternatively, it could explore other secret projects that Elisabet and Faro were not privy to (ie. suspended animation/cryogenics, digital uplinking/transference, time travel, etc.) If Aloy remains the MC, she could be the second coming of Samus Aran.  I still want her to have a Claw as a mount though, then she could be Merida from *Brave* .
On hard I have about 200 hours in. Lets stop the idea that we have to rush through everything. There is so much to explore honestly taking any less time isn’t giving this game the justice it deserves
I picked up Elden Ring before this and now my concern is that this game will be somewhat spoiled. The review was great but I'm really on the fence, I think I'll get it jn a sale down the line but the bar for open world exploration, looting etc has been set so, so high by Elden Ring (which after over 150 hours I am still playing and loving).  Watching through this, it looks nice but I can't get excited for it. The map with the million markets seems really off putting now. I loved the first Horizon but played it so long ago I can't remember exactly why and I just can't get the excitement to play this as it looks like yet another open world slog of repeated activities, albeit in a stunning looking world.
Damn, launch day forbidden west was quite bad with the pop-in. Thank god pop-in only happened 1 time during my whole playthrough and I'm using base ps4.  I also wanna add, I don't really get why people don't really like the climbing, it's a different game from botw and assasin's creed, and I find how they did it very interesting, that u can activate ur focus to see a clear path or not at all and look more natural.
this game is fricken gorgeous and 60 fps isn’t worth the sacrifice, eye candy mode ftw! I had no pop in or issues at all except for one hard crash (purchased and played this week). Obviously things have been fixed a lot since this review. Great review mate!
I haven’t experienced any pop-ins yet; however, I, like you don’t care that much because the game is amazing and I know they will get patched in time.
I am not very far into the game as I am after the first of the three main missions for Gaia, but so far, I absolutely love this game. I was late to playing Zero Dawn and recently finished it 2 weeks ago and loved it and immediately purchased Forbidden West and the continuity is superb.
Looks pretty boring to me. Thanks for putting the video together .
I'm kinda interested in seeing what you would name of Gravity Rush Remastered and especially 2.
PlayStation is the best...though I'm thinking about getting a series S for game pass... Fallout..elder scrolls etc..
Thank you, but no thank you.
seriously can't wait for them to port this to PC, I just hope it doesn't take another 5 years like the first game did.
with all due respect, if you'd played on normal difficulty (no easy loot, etc), you'd have had a deeper look into its combat system. i'd like to challenge you to do so and try fully upgrading a legendary gear.
I definitely found good things about HZD, but my most defining memories ended up being around the 50 hour mark when I started ticking the tasks from the checklist and it kind of pissed me off. It felt very pointless. Even though I enjoyed Alloy story up until the point where she left the village, the Faro Industries gradual uncovering was quite satisfying and depressing, the combat was nice until I got the good weapons and then I got bored with it.  The most annoying thing about it is that I feel like if I had played it around 5 years ago I would have enjoyed it quite a lot more, most of the reasons I got annoyed were either because I saw problems that have been solved more recently in other games or because now I pay attention when something feels off to me.  And thinking back, the one thing that turned me off gradually more and more since the beginning was the same thing that annoyed me about the rebooted Tomb Raiders: the crafting and gathering felt very unsatisfying for me. I don't know if it was because of the UI making it feel too artificial, the MMO-like nature of "get X of this to upgrade" pissing me off or if it had something to do with becoming too used to other styles of combat progression systems, but something about it ticked me off. It may also be because of the presence of the "Hold to confirm" button prompts present in the game. I know it is useful to avoid miss clicking, but every time I have to hold a button I could just have pressed I get more and more pissed off no matter the context. ALSO THAT INVENTORY LIMIT.
I have tried to start zero dawn 3 times. I love RPG games but that ... sorry just cant manage to get it rolling. Can't put my finger on it, the character and the story is interesting but the fact that i have to fight to get on a mount every single time and questing is like wow level dumb (go get 10 fish intestines... with drop rate 0.2%) i just .... yeah. Maybe if it gets on 70% discount in a couple of years i ll give it a try.
I want to play this on my PC so bad
It looks like the same content from first game, how is that not copy pasted???
The game is a glitchy mess! Told in a boring way. You fight monsters and glitches at the same time time and enemies keep respawning when you go 1 centimeter outside the area. You keep having to kill the same machines again and again! You lost credibility! Climbing SUCKS!
This review makes me wonder if Zero Punctuation even played the same game as you.
Only real gripe is the limitation to the machines tethering them to a small specific area.  There’s currently no reason to override a tremortusk as there’s usually nothing significant nearby for it to fight.  And every machine stops at some preset invisible wall so you can hardly setup unscripted machine Kaiju battles.  This was an immersion-breaking downer that I imagine is a compromise for the game’s existence on last gen hardware.  Oh and you only fight one Rebel overridden Tremortusk in the entire game.   Other than this criticism and the annoyingly slow late-game mounts, the sequel improves on every aspect of the first game.  It’s a beautiful game and actually has a great story that builds upon the mysteries of the first game in a believable way.
No pop in on the PS4. It looks amazing!
I feel like the writing absolutely went to shambles at times but there's enough cool stuff constantly battling for my attention that it wasn't a deal breaker, but still a disheartening development for my favorite new IP in gaming. Sylens, however, remains a very interesting frenemy and the Sylens-Aloy dynamic of cynicism vs. optimism is still cool.
what is that OST AT 22:44 :o it sounds so good when Zo Is singing
I love how in depth your reviews are but I'm glad I watched this AFTER my playthrough cos the clips spoil a lot. In that I'm then playing through expecting those scenes to come.
Someone said Alloy looks like Nicado Avocado and I can't unsee it
Glad ya dug it I wasnt crazy bout the first Felt like every other open world game, to me
I do think that the sci-fi and tribal story elements conflict but otherwise I feel like the story is fine.
You must of been paid an agregious amount of money to praise this game so highly.  The game is chock full of bugs from minor combat issues to major traversal ans terrain interaction issues. Multiple game crashes. Frame rate drops that are only fixed by restarting the console.  My console crashed and I had yo reinstall software from a usb (ps5). Regular black screen drop outs.  The race mini game is a disgusting event of poor gameplay mechanics and rubber banding.  The arena has unbalanced difficulty spikes.  I had far, far less bugs on day one cyberpunk 2077, including no full game crashes. Yet cyberpunk got trashed, and this gets a 9.5/10.  Bit lost on that.
16:14 the points you made prior to the conclusion you came to contradict each other. How can something have less but also have more?       You do just pushing forward to traverse forward automatically. Automatically stepping over rocks and balancing over rivers, creeks, and boulders.         That's not a bad thing at all, however, saying that such a system is a much more nuanced and engaging traversal system compared to the game you compared it to is simply incorrect.
Oh yea this game existed
I was pleasantly surprised with how cauldrons were improved. The paths seemed more intuitive, less “how in the HELL do I get over there?” Also, can we talk about the soundtrack? Rarely have I had to stop and just LISTEN to a game’s music.
you're right about the story. this makes me concerned about the direction of the story and what will they bring into the third installment
"Fuck, not again" is the story of my life
This game has been forgotten so hard since elden ring was released...
On the one had, it's kind of odd that he talked a lot about things that are clunky, awkward, outdated, and sometimes awful, and yet he's still giving this a 9.5.   On the other hand, that's a lot like how I felt about HZD. Very few of its individual pieces felt like the best of their kind. Other games have had better animations, combat, characterization, UI, etc. But  HZD was remarkable for being very good at so many things, even if not best, so that the total package was more than the sum of its parts.   I've got my gripes about HFW so far. But it sounds like it will similarly gel together in a satisfying way.
I'm ~20 hours in and it's awesome but I'm also disappointed in the open world structure and lack of innovation there. BUT! The combat is still awesome, the story and characters are still engaging, and the visuals have taken a noticeable step up -- especially the facial animations. It's a great sequel but just not as ambitious as I'd hoped it would be.
The fact that they can still release games this incredibly beautiful on a base PS4 is just amazing! Way to go Gorilla Games u guys did a phenomenal job with Forbidden West just like Zero Dawn! This game is an easy 9/10 for me too
Exactly
Everywhere you look is beautiful
I'm not sure I'd call this game "superb". At least not so far. I mean, it's a game very much built on the assumption that "more is MORE". Compared with the comparatively lean original, if anything, I'd say that Forbidden West feels extremely bloated. Constipated, even. There are too many game mechanics to remember; too much stuff on the weapon wheel. Endless upgrades, customizations and cosmetic shit. And to make matters worse, there's also a shit-ton of combos to memorize. I mean, what the fuck is this? Street Fighter? In the original, you had a light spear attack and a strong spear attack. And then you could care about causing elemental damage if you wanted to, but for the most part, leveling up and bashing machines to hell did the trick. You didn't have to think strategically. You could, and things were quite simple if you did, but you could just as easily button mash and still survive whatever the game threw at you. Now, whenever you run into a foul beast on the prairie, you have a billion options to choose from. Too many weapons, too many subcategories of weapons, too many different arrows and too many passive and active skills to possibly keep any of it together.  That's NOT fun. Not unless you're a toddler on a sugar rush. Nor is it fun that the PS4 version (yeah, good luck finding a PS5) looks absolutely horrendously awful. Granted, I did just recently replay the original game on PC, so I suppose I was somewhat spoiled by that experience, but still, the motion blur and framerate issues on the PS4 version is worse than I've seen in any other game. Pan the camera around and you may as well be under water.  Aloy also has a deeper voice now, which is strange, given how this game picks up right after the first one. And she also has more of an attitude. Not that I mind that as such, but even in the prologue, she throws out a "Shit!!!" a couple of times, and she never did that in the first game. Has she become a more cynical person in 5 minutes or could it be that 5 years have made her writers forget what kind of character she is?  I also hate how question marks appear on the map, only if you're close enough to them. And sometimes, you have to be on the same level as them as well. If you're in a valley, you won't see the question mark up on the mountain before you climb that mountain. Even with all the HUD features turned on. WTF? Just show me where there's stuff to see and I'll go there. I don't have time to spend years in the wild.  What else? Too many machines. Too many things to scan. And Machine Strike wants to be Gwent so badly, but it fucking sucks. Sigh. Things might improve, I suppose, but so far, this is the Red Dead Redemption 2 of the franchise, and that's a very depressing thing to have to say...
I'm loving the scifi story. Go big or go home.
I love how you’re so passionate about this review then you started playing Elder ring then forgot all about Horizon
It is a 10 .. and the fact it allows you to re craft mid fight is awesome...  You can always play another if it's a problem for you . 😂😂😂
While I like your enthusiasm, I feel Fextralife nails a lot of issues of it more. I just can't get to enjoy the weak supporting characters (I don't think they whole a candle to Bioware games), the silly plot (the plot was why I love H1), the busy work on constantly collecting "everything". I do agree with you that the opening in H2 is so tedious. I never loved the combat in H and I think people that do - will like H2. For me, it's a lesser game than the first one. The exploration in H2 is by far the best aspect of it, but the silly-clunky climbing makes a lot of that so tedious. I do think you're wrong about "the history books", I just don't see this being a classic on the same level as H1 was. I spoke to a few people and while we all enjoy it - almost everyone likes it less than H1. But we are 40 and we like plot, so maybe there's that.   I think it's a good game - I just don't love it as much as H1.
I feel so bad for horizon both forbidden west and zero dawn because these games are awesome! But they have bad timing because zero dawn came out when breath of the wild came out and forbidden west when Elden ring came out lol. So they kinda get over shadowed
To be real PlayStation exclusive games have been up there so award winning games. They know what they're doing despite all their condole limitations
The biggest jump was Uncharted to Uncharted 2. Uncharted 2 is such a cinematic and storytelling masterpiece that improves on the foundation the first game set in every way imaginable.
Funny I found the hand to hand combat really good and also very effective, I also did the trainings and found it helped make me a better player
The camera is too far for me and its rly killing my immersion and enjoyment of this game://
The only thing lacking I would say is color blind regarding accessibility
I completely agree with the Sci-Fi aspect of it. It was very abrupt and sort of just, throw in.
I agree to most what you said, and like your video very much. Just want to share my opinion on two things:  1. I don't think every game needs a full featured melee combat system, like it was a fighting game. As being a hunter, Aloy relies mostly on bows and traps, while the spear is used as a last resort. At least against the machines. The few combos we get spice up melee combat for just the right amount if you ask me. For other games you said it was okay for them to offer you melee combat only, with the same few moves being done over 60h and more. Because it is like it is. So why not let Horizon choose where it wants to put the main focus of the combat system, aswell?  2. The limited amounts of ammunition create a brief moment of suspense when they run out mid battle, until you craft new ammo, which fortunately can be done on the fly.
Can someone please help me pick between this and Dying Light 2?
Am I the only person who actually prefers 30 fps to 60? 30 moves and feels like a movie, 60 has that weird soap opera effect look, like the factory setting on TVs everyone instantly turns off. Never understood how 60 became the make-or-break thing it is now instead of just being a preference
Best-Open-World Game of All Time!
Who paid u
🤣 P r o m o s m!!
I will say I'm playing on an original PS4, so, the game has crashed twice on me and I fell through a bridge in a rebel camp bc the bridge wasn't registering I guess. BUT! I HONESTLY could care less bc this game is just amazing.the game ,IMO, never feels repetitive in the way enemies are handled. For example, spiderman miles morales was great, but it was just too hand holding and repetitive.
Even on ps4 it looks stunning (I haven't even had the pop in issues). I've been annoying my partner with variations of "look at this moss! Can you imagine how good that would look on ps5?!?!"
The story and side missions are so boring... I'm 33 hours in and I just skip all the dialogue.  I couldn't stand it anymore after the long dragged out tutorial. Otherwise everything else is really good and an improvement over Zero Dawn
This game is worth everypenny one of the best ever made
the original was a lot of fun, but the story/writing was pretty corny, is this better in that regard?
Probably my new favorite game of all time.
@SkillUp Given Ghost of Tsushima got a native PS5 app later, and they two games are vastly different in story & gameplay... Does the beauty/combat/ and overall wow factor top that of Ghost?   That game on the PS5 is simple amazing imo... But I can see here... we have a contender.
Man this game is so good, I’ve already sunk 42 hours in and my map is still only 2/3 complete. There is so much quality content that really remakes the open world formula by keeping everything that has now become common and mundane, and makes them interesting and fun again. The side quests and side content is just so fantastic, with stellar performances across the board. I think that it is my favorite game in 5 years since BOTW, which is still my favorite game of all time.
When a game is so good you wish the memory would fade, like tears in the rain (had to carry on the quote). Been watching my flatmate play this and we are both looking forward to what is to come
sigh... here we go waiting for the PC port.
sent by sir swag
Shill Up still got d best reviews
Just finished this one, god I miss it so much already. What a truly special testament to the talent and love the people and guerilla have for creating open worlds. This one is absolutely a huge step up above any other open world I've played.
someone please help me with this.. i just found myself curious about it... it seems like a plot hole but i could be just missing something... ok if the robots took out all of humanity, and new people were created via AI, then why aren't the new humans destroyed too?  they're still regular humans, so how are they able to live against the same robots that wiped everyone out previously? technically shouldn't the robots have been able to kill all the AI people too?
50 hours of playtime and the game is the same late as it is early.   It is almost a carbon copy of the first.  Sadly, the characters and story are even worse than they were in Zero Dawn.  It isn’t a masterpiece, it just came in at a major lull in the industry. Thankfully, Elden Ring released shortly after and proved how bad HFW is compared to something truly innovative.  It deserves a 5/10.   Fun robot fights and the core concept of the story is neat, but it falls apart after you scratch the surface.   Thankfully there is a much better variety of robots in FW than ZD.
Spoilers  If the Zenith's and the Old Worlds endings isnt a commentary on technology and the human condition which is a major part of this story I don't know what is. It's literally the story and all the side quests. On one hand one tribe uses the robots to make crops on the other hand the rebels use them for war. The old world's hubris led to it's downfall. Same with the Zenith's. The technology got away from them. Also hard disagree on the gathering and crafting aspect. It would be worse off without it. Without it it would be more arcadey and less rpg.
I have almost 40 hours in and I'm only at 28% complete. At this rate, I'm gonna put WELL over 100 hours into this game. Elden Ring is just going to have to wait.
Guerilla should make a Zoids game.
This game is an overrated pile of shit covered by a coat of beautiful graphics and a gorgeous world; apart from that bland NPCs, stupid conversations, Artificial Stupidity instead of AI, stupid quests for stupid reasons, boring quests, terrible melee combat, bad stealth mechanics (bushes everywhere for you to hide), AI who built the robots made the dumbest choice to place their weak spots on the exterior of their body to shine at you and you fire arrows made of wood to destroy metallic armor, story in the sequel is superb trip on meth (probably the writer got a stash of blue crystals from Breaking Bad and made up that story)…..
I read a review on the telegraph where the guy said that the game can be "overwhelming". I can somewhat agree but the game does a really good job emphasizing different areas of the world and the exploratory side missions really help open the world up. I have to believe the guy on telegraph probably put in 10 hours at best or completely skipped over the side missions which really helped with the world building and literal world revealing throughout the game.
This game hurts my eyes, and I’m not even kidding. The visuals are so dense my eyes get tired looking at it.
Like how unbiased and in depth this review is
You have my thumbs up I wish I had the ability to see other people's videos thumbs down...
ugh can't wait to get a PS5 & have horrible tendon pain from those triggers.
Actually its not, you had to have been paid off for this review
When is her hair going to stop moving?
Horizon has boring characters, boring dialogue, the story is ok but completely in the background.   It's looks phenomenal, that's about it.
Sometimes you can't save at a camp fire for no reason
How come performance mode isn't any faster than resolution mode
How come performance mode sucks looks like 1080 p mode
Hills pop up from nowhere crazy
How come HDR settings are manual doesn't use ps5 settings for HDR stupid
The shimmering graphics are annoying at times
What's with the pop up graphics on ps5 version
Got stuck on 2 different missions had to restart mission just to progress just like dying light 2
im glad melee sucks. shes an archer and not jin sakai. and female so wouldnt make sense if she  weields a battle axe or sometrhing. i like the bow and arrow focus. its different
the definition of overrated garbage
3:39 - well, I mean, no offense to the first game - but I didn't give shit one about rebuilding the world in HZD either xD  I was way more interested in Aloy's interactions with people - especially Rost :(
That's crazy I haven't seen any pop in yet. Only like 3 hours in tho
What's wrong with the sci fi or the item complexity? If anything I wish it was deeper on both fronts.
30 hours in and loving it
Only place i disagree with is the story i loved it i belive it was far better than dying light 2s atleast lol but i agree that if u didnt play ZD it will suck you will be lost on the characters and most of the story. I wish they did a better job showing what she experienced instead if talking about it
Bro.. complex storytelling shouldn't be a negative.. This is by far one of the best sci-fi stories that satisfies me.. Too much scifi isn't a negative...It's as good as it gets...
I finished the game now and in 42 hours i noticed pop-in occuring 1 time. What i have noticed a couple of times though is floating npcs in the distance which then fall to the ground level when you get closer
Might just be my display or my settings, but I think the game does not looks good in performance mode. Looks like a painting at times, and not in a good way. And at other times the cutscenes and gameplay will look great. I find it’s mostly when it’s sunny. At night it looks fine. The pop in at times was annoying. Gameplay wise I’m 14 hours in and it’s fun, but it’s just hard for me to connect with it overall.
One of the things I would count as a spoiler would include the minigames as well. The racing minigame would've been a nice surprise.
If you go far enough west you'll always return to where you came   - Yasuke
I 70% this game in 4 days, the most fun I’ve ever had playing a video game. Cant wait to play this again on a ps5
Although the game looks and sounds great, I will unfortunately never be attracted and used to the idea of tribal people fighting and hunting futuristic robodinos. 😂 Tried out HZD for around 20 hours and it never clicked with me.
You SEVERELY undersold the bugs in this review. Ive played about 25 hours and I just hit capacity on storage of recording clips on my ps5 because I recorded every time I ran into a bug that really annoyed me, I have 62 clips. Most of them are climbing related (stuff like climbholds showing on the focus but aloy doesn't recognize them as anything and won't move) but then there's the more horrific stuff like quick saves not working and auto saves not happening. I just lost 2 hours worth of progress because of this. Im considering Uninstalling and demanding a refund.
Lol….the story is total shit…the original humans fled off into space and the ones living on earth like tribes are supposed to be clones and Aloy has a duplicate with the original humans….wtf??
Lmao he said " aww man I wish I could fight them right now " haha. Great video skill. I honestly agree with most of what you said.
I'm 20 hours in after 4 days lol having a blast with this shit
I don’t know if I’ll ever play this game, but what a great video 👍
I see 9's everywhere but for me it is a 10/10 game. The first was 8.5 or 9/10. My only gripe is exploration is often blocked early on by needing item this or that until main story chapter 10 is complete.
Just cause your the richest, does not mean your the Best !! Sony hits another Grand Slam !!
I honestly hate the combat. It's a slog by the endgame. I legitimately felt tired after 10 hours into the first one. Every encounter doesn't need to be a Zelda boss. I know I'm in the minority and I fully recognize the game is fantastic but it is not for me. I love the story but as a PS5 owner I'm probably not gonna pick this up. Ghosts of Tsushima is much more my speed.
Trash
Anyone know if this game supports keyboard/mouse on the PS5?
Yea the pop in kinda takes you out, like buildings, ppl and entire camps just appearing before you. But then I'm playing on the ps4 pro.
That last of us 2 video really cost ya?
This game really makes me feel like a kid again, im watching videos, cant wait to play it whenever i wake up. The world is amazing best game 2022
Im around halfway through the main story, and ill edit this slight review when im done. Honestly, great game. I give it like a 9, i actually like the main story a lot, however i think the side quests are worse a bit worse then what he is saying. The enviroments are spectacular, however the combat is kinda dogshit  compared to horizon zero dawn. When you are up against just one machine, combat is great. Hell, even combat against humans is good. But combat against multiple machines is ass, the entire combat loop is just getting flinged around by melee attacks, and in some enviroments, specifically cauldrons, you just get flung off the map. Fun 👍 overall tho this game is a solid 9.
Excellent review,. I really love many parts of this game, but it seems like the grind to upgrade weapons and gear is really daunting. It seems much harder than in the previous game and also the skill unlocks and valor skills are confusing. And I agree melee still feels very weak and also tired of picking berries.
Did not expect to see the mass effect 2 comparison here too, absolutely disappointing
Yay Sci-fi dinos (つ≧▽≦)つ
No color blind mode :(
I need the PC port so badly 😩
Remember people…someone gave this a 6.5 lol prob a Xbox fanboy lol.
I'm about 10 hours in, and i absolutely love this game. It's basically Horizon zero dawn on steroids.  just killed my first thunderjaw, it was a pain in the ass on hard difficulty, but holy crap was it superb, so much fun. Horizon's combat is so freaking good and satisfying. Can't wait to jump back in later.
Also where has Layman Gaming been? He hasn’t posted in a LONG ass time. Is he okay? I’m a little worried about him.
Hey SkillUp. Are you going to do a review on Warframe’s The New War and the current state of the Game? Or you gonna be buried in Shill for Destiny’s Witch Queen? Lol.
Never had this much fun on the lore since Witcher 3 and Mass Effect
You hit the nail on the head with the combat section.  I feel very punished for not using the right ammo types.  Crafting and switching between weapon types is an absolute chore which is compounded by the fact that even when you have the right elements in play, enemies STILL feel like bullet sponges, even enemies several levels below you.
Lol. 9.5? Guess I should have expected this from ShillUp.  The opening tutorial is like 2 hours and over half of that is constant cutscenes, like literally there were 3 cutscenes in one chain with less than five minutes of actual gameplay(player control). The first game got overly repetitive after less than 15 hours, this game hasn't changed the formula much. Also, the game doesn't function cleanly. I watched a user on a new PS5 with the day 1 patch in performance mode that still had stutter.  Between this being a mediocre movie, the bore that is the gameplay after a while, and the look of the character(I guess she stole some HGH from Joe Rogan) since they widened her facial bones, this game is just fugly.
4 minutes in and that was all i needed to hear to buy this game!! Great Review!!
I know this is a TINY nitpick of the review, but I noticed when I started playing that the story take place months after the first game, not days. Aloy says she's been searching for a GAIA copy for months and has come up short each time. The characters say she took off after the conclusion of the first game and some are even bitter she left so quickly without a goodbye.
On the PS5 dualsense in this game, it's so immersive that if you should come across any major performance dips (happened one time to me), you can literally feel the lag in the controller.
Am I the only one with chimmering problems in performance mode. It's horrible and unplayable on ps5. Jeez
But you're forgetting one thing.  Where is Soul Reaver reboot?
Anyone else feel like they're just playing Horizon Zero Dawn, but with nicer graphics? I'm not impressed.
PSA! Horizon: Zero Dawn is only £6.99 on PS Store currently with 50% off. No better time to pick this IP up if you want to play the first game and head into the sequel fully informed.  Great review Ralph, thanks.   It blows my mind the kind of technical prowess we're already able to see on PS5/XSX. Imagine in three or four years from now, when UE5 and other engines have fully shed the technical limitations pushed onto these "cross gen" titles and are running on all cylinders.  I've always been a PC guy primarily, have been since I first booted up X-Wing and Wing Commander back in the early 1990's. That said, I also love the accessibility and comfort of playing on console; a nice big comfy sofa, big TV and a half decent 2.1 soundbar will offer a really nice experience which is inherrently more "social" if you have friends around compared to the isolation of playing my PC in my own room. Also look at the costs! Sure hardware costs will *hopefully* come down in the near future, but a full PC setup with a good monitor, keyboard, mouse, headset/speakers costs more than a console alone. An RTX 3080 is about £1400, a 3070 about £800? It's really becoming prohibitively expensive to go for a good PC setup that will deliver the graphical fidelity these consoles can output.
Now that i am playing it myself, this is a 6/10 game at best.. Sony sure did a huge push with influencers to prop up this mid game.
Mmm, I'm a bit bummed.  So far, Horizon forbidden west is really pretty average---last 10-15 year open world stuff. Alot of forced systems. Dialogue pretty average as well. So far, in my play through, the combat feel pretty much the same as the last game. The platforming also feels really baked in. I don't know, I want to love it like the first game, I keep pushing on, but it does not seem to be improving, mmm. Let's see...  Sweet vista's though.
Is it me or does it feel like a ubisoft game ?   The pointless quest, the travel etc?
I'm around 20 hours in and just loving every minute.
Horizon Forbidden West is a reminder that PC vs Console is dumb, some of the best looking games each gen have been on Consoles
Feeding the algorithm with like/sub/bell and comment.  PSA: make a hotkey to help👌
Lol I just got a Cyberpunk ad?
Man this review got my hopes up, play the game and it is so shallow and barely evolved from the first nothing about this game makes it the best open world it pulls all the same tropes the first did without truly evolving it in any meaningful way, Aloy is still a bland paper bag character and the story feels very meh, like I get liking a game in a review but to think this is the best open world is delusional, it’s highly rated cuz it’s pretty
you got paid big time, the story is a slog and its literally copy and paste, the only difference is her mcdonald's eating face
I don’t like picking up all pieces off the ground it should be seamless pick up or a perk too pick up things much faster in the skill tree
I watched 2 hours of the game on YouTube and it's incredibly slow and too much talking.  Not sure how it give a review over 7
So I've tried repeatedly to play the first game and it has bounced off me everytime so with the improvements from that, could anyone who's played this recommend it even if you didn't enjoy the first or is this a case of if it didn't convince you the first time, it more than likely won't this time?
Great short invormative review thanks.
To be perfectly honest, even if I did have a PS5 and did 4k and all that, my TV doesn't even do 4k so I'd just have a fast game🤣. PS4 still looks good tho.
This game is awesome great machines graphic attention to detail gameplay is Awesome I don't mind crafting more arrows it's a minor
Do you get stuff if you have a save file from the first game?
Anyone on the PS4 should know that it runs pretty well, but some textures just don't load correctly and some frames are dropped during large battles, and pop-in can be horrendous, from foliage to entire mountains.
still .... good luck getting my hands on a PS5 --- still not in stock up in Norway :p
I would call this game an 8, it tried so hard to be better in every way but failed on story and kind of in combat. while mele is flashy, it still falls short like the first, the story takes a very ungrounded turn so bad i found it hard to keep going.  Honestly, I kind of regret buying the game now and not waiting for a sale.  IMO this is not a good showcase of Sony leading the way for story driven games, and if it is the best Sony gives us this year than they are doomed.
I've watched a few, or many, Forbidden West reviews and this one is by far the best.  After Playing 10 5-6 hours your have captured all of my thoughts so succinctly I couldn't believe it.  All thoughts are absolutely true.  Subscribed.
Game is fantastic. Graphics are insane. Review is spot on.
pop up graphics is a BIG -ve point though the graphics looked superb
Performance mode on this game is ROUGH.  Actually returned the game and will just wait for the PC release.
Is that a budget Pikachu cosplay @2:02? ;)
you are good at shilling. jewish ?
Any unbiased day one buyers that want to give their opinion on if I should buy this right now or wait for bug fixes, a price drop, whatever, please do. Elden Ring is coming up but I'm thinking about getting this first. If there are still a bunch of bugs however it's an easy choice. And it's so hard to trust popular reviews nowadays so I'd rather have some extra confirmation.
This looks so good. I bought it. Im not excited. Not like i was for last of us 2. I like real life violence. Not sci fi. Hate sci fi. Love ❤️ my ps5 though
You didn't review witcher 3? If this doesnt match witcher 3's story, Main quest, and Side quest's design then its bad.
Game of the Year
what a beautifu review
2:40 - You haven't played RDR2.
After playing for a bit, I can log that it pretty damn good. Some glitches and some flickering but nothing that cant be fixed. Gameplay is much more satisfying than the first and the graphics…everything has been said about that and it’s amazing.
Love the Blade Runner easter egg/joke. Great delivery
I’m surprised you didn’t mention how poor the dynamic resolution can be in performance mode on PS5. It looks blurry and grainy as shit sometimes, causes some cutscenes to look like a ps3 game.
Is the real winner here Sony's Decima engine? No other engine produces games that look this good so far.
I mean....They just copied monster hunters model. Which is super addictive.
So is this the second strand like game?
15:56 The best comparison is to Death Stranding, which is funny because these are both strand-type games
Dude are you sure you are given it a 9.5 and not a 10?
Why so foggy ? You can't Say that have detailed graphics when You are sorrounded by so much fog .
I love the DualSense. It really helps with my immersion into the game.
I don't really care about how good the vibration tech is. When controllers went wireless, I couldn't tolerate the loss of battery life. Haven't used vibration since PS2.
@36:05 is this a Monster Hunter reference?
People call you shill up because you cant express your satisfaction with a game without seemingly going over the top with your compliments. it's like you have the devs balls in your mouth.
I look forward to buying it when it’s not £70, £50 max, but I may just buy it second hand
500$ Console? Let’s not lie here. Pump those numbers up you rookie.
im simply overwhelmed by the this game ,,,,the game play, the graphics, the story, the sheer size of this, makes the £500 feel well worth it. If anyone doesnt experience this i feel so sorry for them. Ive only just started and its just epic. Its grey, miserable and raining outside, im set for the whole day playing this and i couldnt be happier.
Sure this game is *great* on PS5. But on PS4 this is an unplayable mess. Framerate problems, stuttering, objects and textures popping into existence every 5 second.
very informative review! thanks!!!
After 10 hrs I m bored fighting sucks.
It feels like the same game w better graphics I want my legendary armot Witcher 3 still better.
Bought the game! Amazing story & graphics....the rest, boring & bland. It needs coop. Open world games like these are just getting to big for single player, its just not fun or immersive anymore. Not putting the game down, just wish these developers put more thought into products. Horizon Forbidden West 6.5/10.
Did you actually play it yet? There are serious issues with enemy AI as well as bad grass textures and good old bugs. Let's see them fix the issues before heaping on the praise.
Too bad Elden Ring is coming out next week, as that is my most anticipated game of the year so far. I'm afraid Horizon FW will have to wait a month or two. Looking forward to it, though. Man, it's good to be part of the PS community right now.
stop shoving that black NPC character up to my face every few minutes. This whole game is woke AF.
Games like these that make me wish I wasn't a PC gamer.... If I could buy a PS5 I probably would.. I own a PS4 but I will not buy it for that.  I'll wait a couple years for PC port...
Can’t wait to play this on PC in 4 years.
I like the first game, but not really love it becaise the open world feel empty and the city is just a gimmick, nothing really interesting to explore.  Now the sequel improved all of that and make it far better !
This game is wowing me on the PS4 Pro. I am still early in the game but it hasn't been boring. To me, anyway.
I bet you launched this game right after finishing this review xD
Are you a bum? Or are you a beeboo bum? What is your deal what is your deal why are you a bum why are you a beeboo bum?
I’m just glad they made a good single person game for once
When i first started playing Mass Effect 2 i thought i had bought the wrong game because it looked so much different than 1.
Oh my fucking god, again with ME2 comparisons? 90% of reviews are comparing it to ME2, AC2 and Uncharted 2. Is this some sort of subliminal messaging? Are gaming journalist trying to passive aggressively throw some shade at Sony by making it obvious what they asked them to mention?
The visual quality is incredibly bad. I'm shocked that reviewers didn't mention it.
well another journal to pass on the hardest level =D
that easy loot option... YES god damn it, finally, I never understood why on earth I can't loot the parts of the robots you destroyed in the first game when the part itself is still intact and you can see it just right there lying on the ground, but nope you can't pick it up if you don't SHOOT it off (because that's a lot less abusive to the part than bashing the head of the robot right?) like WHY? just to slow the farming grind down?  thank god they add that easy loot option.
Eh I disagree. It is a graphically impressive game however it's the same pseudo Ubisoft 3rd person action game only with more robots and much more verticality. If you liked the 1st game you will like this one I guess. It's a pass for me.
Bro, when you said Dino-Riders was your favorite childhood cartoon, I think it made us best friends. I still have the VHS of the initial release of Dino-Riders. It was up there for me with Transformers, TMNT, and GI Joe. It sucks that it was sorely underrated.
Zero Dawn was the reason why I build myself a PC in 2020, when I saw a gameplay on YT......the best game I ever played, can't wait for the PC release. The Visual is just beyond belief....
I made the easy decision to pay substantially more than the MSRP for a PS5 off EBay a week ago SOLELY to be able to play Horizon Forbidden West! (I’m too much of a graphics lover to have bought/play the game on PS4… That’s just so Zero Dawn… 💁🏼‍♂️😂)   The truth is… I couldn’t be happier that I did end up buying it for Forbidden West! It is EASILY the best looking console game, EVER!! I’m absolutely in love with this game! I can get lost for hours and hours not even doing missions! It’s sooo easy to get lost in the game’s beauty and amazingly detailed enemy species!  Guerrilla Games are truly one of the video game studio GOAT’s!! It’s very rare that studios do sequel games better than the originals… However Guerrilla Games not only had improved every single Killzone game that came out (aside from handhelds… Those don’t count at all! 😂)! But now they’ve REALLY perfected the world of Horizon!! I’m really excited to see what is next from their studio!!! Bravo!! 👏🏻
This video is great and seeing the graphics in this game actually made me cry it’s so beautiful it’s so much attention to detail you can just tell that they put in so much work
Fkn masterpiece, never knew a video game could have this kinda impact but that's sony
I'm so excited.
One more terrific review, just superb. Thank you!
"careful cultivation of talent". bs Sony are doing this. Look at Tlou2 abomination. Druckmann & Jim Ryan collapsed, not cultivated, a once talented studio.
Oh god... that horrible UI. My eyes.
The Netherlands did it! And still doing it! AMSTERDAM!
The game and its mechanics look splendid; clearly the devs have put much effort. But if I may nitpick on the review a bit, overlooking the issues of the game and giving it a 9.5 is not objective enough. If we deduct just half a point for each of near-field pop-in (really bad, that), story being a weak point, and grind through crafting, it scores lesser. I think we should not lose focus while reviewing it, even if personally we have liked it much. The review content has covered all good and bad points, but I think the decision to try giving it a score at the outset was not prudent.  As for how they managed to make such a masterpiece with a given number of people, it is due to their experience of making HZD, in addition to contemporary hardware/ game engine evolution. It is the ecosystem which makes possible such great games, when the devs want to do so with full support from management like those at Guerrilla Games.
The first one to me was mediocre, hope this is better.
03:43 look at dat thing
I dunno, Tod lied about a lot of shit but traveling to far off mountains you can see was definitely true. That was an odd swing.
I had wet eyes after this review. Thanks.
sigh... i gave up on zero dawn after the first few hours too and never got back to it. I don't even have my ps4 anymore
what if i didnt like the first one and give it a 7.5, would i give this a 7.5?
I’m glad you touched on the pointless, old, archaic chore that is the looting and crafting in this game. It literally only bogs the game down and is so unnecessary I hate it I hate it I hate it. Otherwise a great game though
Damn, I used to watch you back in the division.  Nice to see your video in my feed.  Exactly what I was looking for.  Good work.
This is clearly the best game 2022 and already GOTY. But I have noticed one detail: The controller is not doing anything in the PlayStation Pro version - I hope this will get patched because in HZD 1 the controller made sounds when using the bow any in many other situations :)
How is Carrie-Anne Moss in this game?... I mean, she's a good actress, but did she or her character bring anything substantial to the game or story? Or was it just one of those last-minute marketing things, kinda like how they suddenly announced Keanu Reeves for "CP2077" or Rosario Dawson for 'Dying Light 2'?... I mean, that's a thing... They do that... Suddenly shoehorn in an actor or character to almost promote it like a movie or something. And the consumer is supposed to "Wow, that must be an awesome game/movie.", but it's often not that significant or impressive. - So I'm wondering about this case, as they did this promo about her being in it like, what, two weeks before release or something. - I liked her in "The Matrix" and the Netflix-Marvel series, and probably as a person, but what's her significance in this game?...
How the fk it have the best open world battle system when your option is literally only bow and range damage????
21:20 - Fun fact: They actually pulled the entire concept of the game out of a hat. - Seriously. One day, they let all the employees at the studio write down their ideas, which they'd then throw together to draw one from, and it was like "dinosaur robots in a post-apocalyptic world" or something, and they were like "Sure, let's do it.". - It just goes to show that you don't need to be so calculated when it comes to creativity. You just need to let it flow and let the ideas come, then find some structure and fine-tune it later. - I do this all the frickin' time in things like music and writing. - But companies like Ubisoft are way too afraid to let go of previously successful formulas. And while their creative studios try to do as much with it as possible, they're just told to do it a certain way, preventing the products from reaching new heights, resulting in people criticizing them for being bland. - If only Ubisoft could take the stance of "OK, studios, you do your thing and we'll market it.". Which, for some studios they do, like Massive Entertainment seems like their Motive (EA's studio, which also seems to get more freedom). But then the other studios that do their flagship products, like "Assassin's Creed" and "Far Cry", they seem to get pushed into a (slightly flexible) mold, and that's a damn shame.
gushing. I like it
Why does Aloy seem like she's running on ice?... Like... She steps, but her feet slip and don't push her. - There's a disconnect between how hard she pushes and moves forward. I don't understand why this still has to be a thing for the otherwise high standards. - I saw this in another recent game, and I forget which one, but it doesn't make sense.
lol "Force Mono Audio"... I mean, yea... There's some value to that?... I work in audio, but... I'm still struggling to come up with something. Maybe if you really, REALLY want/need to play this game over one speaker or if you have loss of hearing (I don't know if that makes sense then, but perhaps there's a reasoning there). - But games like this... They should definitely be experienced with glorious audio, at least a good set of stereo speakers or headphones, or better yet, a surround setup of at least 5.1. - Force to mono... That's a peculiar setting.
Pop-in on an SSD... hmm... There's something seriously wrong with how they've programmed the engine to respond then. Something is definitely backed up, making the loading of architecture and other objects have to wait, which is ironic considering the technology. They probably have some limitations in place to maintain performance, rather than to bog it down with everything wanting to load in immediately. So it seems they keep things waiting before loading in. But it's not acceptable if large structures don't appear until you're very near, it just ruins the experience. And yes, if there's anything I hate in videogame-experiences, it's pop-in. I've hated it since any 3D-games in the '90s, so I'm not just gonna change my mind after two decades, especially considering that it shouldn't happen anymore with the technology we have available right in our homes, as well as all kinds of trickery you can do to prevent it. Besides, this game doesn't seem that special in terms of how much there is to be rendered in the world compared to other games in the last 5 years or more.
I'm watching this review as the Collector's Edition I've ordered could be delivered at any moment. XD I feel like I don't really have to, as not only have I already purchased the game, I also had no doubt it would be good. But I'm still curious as to what makes it so "superb" then. Cause I see these glowing praises that it goes beyond the first game, which is uncommon. And if the reception was like "It's a solid follow-up." or "It's just as good/great.", that would've been absolutely fine. But it seems to go beyond that.
Great review overall. One thing tho, the Combat in Horizon Zero Dawn was definitely NOT the best open world combat in my opinion. Maybe they made it more 'fun' in this installment of the game.
I don't even have a PS5 to play it
I don’t have a PS5 (still haven’t been able to get one). How does the game run on PS4 Pro?
Sellout, just another game journalist with Sony's tips for review. Unsubbed.
And now i want this game. But i play on pc so.... AAAAAAAAH
I'm waiting for my preorder to come in the mail and you just sold me the game all over again, somehow. lol. Now I'm even more excited. Thank you for the review!
scan enemies to see elemental weakness, Aloy and npcs cant stop jabbering on about mission items or obvious pickups, terribly designed traversal system that doesnt even let you use tools unless you are at specifically marked areas. this is like a 7 or an 8 AT BEST
Just FYI - the auto heal accessibility option is only made available for "Story" and "Easy" difficulty mode.
I just don't know, i didn't like the first one. This one looks like more of the same. It looks boring to me like the first one was, < opinion!. Next weeks Elden Ring is something i look forward too, that whole world, lore, just everything seems 100 times more interresting.
Best review I’ve seen hands down....not that it’s a surprise. Guy consistently puts out the best reviews. Thanks again
can't wait, great job on the review, does the game have easy/story mode like the first game? and hope there's a lot of new gear.
Superb cause you got a review copy?
As  somebody who was a bit so-so on this game putting a pseudo score at the beginning was the right way to get my attention, but I don't believe the review actually ends up demonstrating either the score or Mass Effect 2 comparison. I feel like maybe you're weighing the combat too highly especially if the story is relatively weak.  I understand this is a problem with giving scores to things though, and for somebody who isn't combat orientated like me, it justs looks like more of the same and I don't think it's something that will warrant a purchase from me.
its SG1400-$1500 console actually. thats about US$1.1k
I'm delighted to hear a Dino Riders reference! My favourite show when I was a kid
i hope the voice acting has improved, it was terrible in the first game, and quite off putting, despite being a great game.
Can't wait for it to come to pc!
Its always AMAZING to me.... To see hyper-realistic games with rivers that casually float both up and down hill. Exactly like water doesnt.
2:04 Pikachu ??? :)))
This game looks amazing, if only Ghost of tsushima had the same fov
well and it is still woke, no matter how good a game is, when the dev tries to show "the message" up my throat he is not getting my money and because others are, the devs (publishers) will keep doing it
Is this any good on base PS4? Still can't get a ps5 for love nor money
Making comparisons to MH combat is a really bold statement so I hope you are at least a little right about what you are stating here. Because I do think that MH combat as well as souls titles have the most immersive comabt systems out there. So even this old prick here is getting excited about this comparison just hope it lives up to my expectations. I really enjoyed your review. It was very detailed and I hope to play ths game although I didn't enjoy the first one do to the facts which you mentioned. But first ELDEN RING and afterwards I hoper Horizon will be after couple of patches so hopefully the pop ups will get fixed. Great review cheers :))
Horizon CACA-dawn 🥱……. Next.
Plz plz plz fo a podcast !!!
Horizon forbidden west is Woke AF, forced diversity and inclusion down to your throat with no possibility of skip and the entire story and dialogs are bordeless annoying and becoming offensive to most playerbase population. The entire story is skippable. If i would, i would have play something else. now im stick to it, but i turn dialogues to 0. Beautiful game, but annoying AF as you are reminded that you are playing a super woman every 30secs
I like games with bows and arrows, so when I heard you can kill robot dinosaurs with sticks,HZD, I was like: Bring it on👍💪🏹🤖..can't wait to get this😁
Just want to say that you're coverage of the options available and how that impacts gameplay is a small example of how your reviews are above and beyond most others in the industry. It's a small thing but it shows how much you care, the effort you put in to understand what this game can give to a wide variety of gamers. Kudos.
Until regular Joe's can get a PS5 or XBOX next.  All these next gen games are like when you dream as a child what you would do as an adult.  It's gonna be years before I am able to get a PS5 not because of price but because of scalpers.
Booting up to play it right now. I got gifted Horizon Zero dawn and this game for my birthday not long ago. I'd always wanted to play it, but never got the chance and I pretty much knew nothing about the story or world.   Now I've 100%'d Zero Dawn and beat everything on ultra hard. I was completely immersed in the story and the game, and have been waiting on the edge of my seat to be able to play Forbidden West.   So hell yes, lets get this started.
Better play on Fidelity
Better play on Fidelity
I can’t figure the non directional main character lighting, for me it’s really off and breaks game immersion. The characters look like they are green screened, it’s very odd.
Sony POG 😙
hmmm i cant seem to find the easy loot option in accessibility
I love how you guys think DLSS is the be all and end all of games.
I tried so hard to get into Horizon Zero Dawn but just couldn't connect with Aloy. The world was amazing, enemies fun etc but she's just too earnest and good, no wrinkles to her character, no dark side, no depth. She's just nice and for me in a story/movie/game that's just dull.
What does he even want? Unlimited ammo? Only 20 arrows per fight?
A 500 dollar machine can't give you these results!! But a 1200 dollar machine will ;)
Aloy packed on a few lbs I see
I appreciate that BR reference.
You have to pause to craft??? ah wot. the footage shown under this comment shows you not pausing my guy! It probably felt like you were pausing because you had the slow down combat while weapon selecting! Judging from the footage  of the combat you've presented the combat looks just as frantic as the first game if not more, so making use of the crafting in the weapon wheel is an active decision you need to make in the heat of combat! If you do it while your not in a safe position to do so you'll be punished. So yeah, it's an active part of the combat system. And I honestly don't really see another way of making the crafting system with in the weapon ammo realm better. If you were to remove the crafting entirely, you'd have to have a system similar to COD or Halo, i.e. picking up ammo drops from enemies or the world. The first could work, but you'd stumble on the same issue as before, you'd spend 10 minutes looting corpses after every fight which is no different to how it currently is, and the second would just be a little contrived depending on locale, like it wouldn't make a whole lot of sense to have random ammo drops just sitting around in the open world. like someone would've taxed them long before you'd ever get them. The crafting in that regard makes total sense within the world and the Aloy's character because she is a hunter, most of the tribes she visits are based around hunting and gathering and that way the ammo collection is connected to the world and the combat at the same time!  I'm not going to argue the looting point as whole though, especially in the OG game, that was tedious as fuck, especially when it came to hunting specific components for new weapons and the health gathering. but again, I don't really know how else you could do it without breaking that tangible blend between the mechanics the world/character.   I think the biggest pitfall of being a reviewer in the gaming sphere is you end up playing basically every massive title, so you get a little bored by tropes and what not. I think as reviewer it's pretty important to bare in mind that most people aren't going to be playing every single open world game. the original horizon got shat on pretty hard for it's use of tropes and what not and i think people like yourself should think about whether the general audience will actually see that as a negative! but honestly it handled them pretty damn well, the only thing i didn't like was the metal flower collectables, they felt a bit boring and tedious. but everything else was pretty darn solid and never really over stayed it's welcome in my opinion.  Minor gripe my dude, it was a great review, and I'm super hyped to get my hands on this game. It looks fucking gorgeous!
I honestly just wish it had real biological animals rather then robotic creatures.. it would just be so cool to explore and interact with biological creatures all over the place. I've always wanted a good game that focuses on biology and exploration like this but not robots.
Actually no it's not "superb", overrated moviewannabe rolling around simulator that has nothing to offer besides the super graphics, trash with horrible AI and mediocre gameplay
I don't see any options for the easy loot... Anyone know?
Can waite to drop for PC!!!
HZD:  power of diversity and friendship edition
Horizon Forbidden West fails to live up to its predecessor in just about every way. While the world and its many new machines are stunning, the experience is bogged down with confusing design choices and variation for the sake of variation - making Aloy's newest adventure one to forget."
27:25 why does sci-fi have to ask complex questions about the future relationship of humans with technology, why it can't be like any other genres used in a variety of ways, theirs is more concepts than sci-fi can explore than just "how will humans act with future technology", and if someone wants to use sc-fi just because they think the concepts are cool or that the aesthetic is nice they should be able to do that too, nobody demands fantasy to always abord deep themes so I don't know why they don't do the same with sci-fi
sony fan boy!! yeah popups are ok.. whatever!!
This is one of the best looking worlds I’ve ever seen. It’s stunning I can’t get over how good it looks! Give the concept designers at Guerrilla a raise.
My major complaint with the first game was how unlikeable and annoying Aloy was.  Is that improved?
Love it man. Thx 4 review👍🏽
Rates 9.5 but then proceeds to tell about all the wrong combat implementations, out there sci fi story and grindy loot system. I still want to play it though.
Only an 89 on metacritic. Not good enough sony
500$ console? you mean the PS4? 😃
I prefer 60 fps too but that 4k resolution in this beautifull game its tempting
As far as the story is concerned with Horizon Forbidden West, I felt the same with Mass Effect 2's story not being as good as Mass Effect 1 was... which the trade-off was more character development (Aloy and Shepard), side content, and companions you meet or reunite with to face a lesser but important threat that's not about saving the world... but saving others and yourself in more ways than one. Aloy and Shepard didn't need another epic tale outside their control (initially), but rather a more condensed tale that adds onto and polishes on what was missed before.  And guess what? I look forward to all that.
Wow that pop-in is really bad, a whole huge structure popped in! 😵
Its hard for me to take the word on a lot of these reviews because yall are saying how much you loved the first one and I just did not like it all and didn't understand how much hype it got once I finally got around to trying to play it
The first video of yours I had seen was your review for Ghost of Tsushima and I had commented saying how refreshing it was to come across a reviewer that offered such passion and honesty in their reviews. Whilst most YouTube reviewers offer a ten minute video, you have always taken the time to go into depth and details about the pros and cons of what you’re reviewing. I truly do not understand how you don’t have more subscriptions as it’s my personal opinion you are the best at what many others are trying to do. Keep up the fantastic work and I applaud and appreciate you for it.
I loved the first horizon game on ps4 but couldn't play it all because of the puke tier FOV. I have no idea why fov sliders aren't a forced accessibility feature in all 3d games. If you have never had nausea from FOV its pretty much the same as VR sickness which sometimes affects you for hours after you stop playing. the footage here looks like that same puke fest fov that i just can't stomach. Gotta wait till PC release so a guy, who makes no cash for doing this, can make a mod that will add fov controls. pathetic that this is the state of gaming still.
People need to get over pop-in unless they want to deal with worse graphics or fewer frames. Consoles have to work hard to run games, and developers have to make some sacrifices to make the games work well.  I swear people think everything should be perfect at all times, even though the consoles are $500 base price and previous consoles load like waiting for water to boil.
This guy does the best reviews I have seen of any game.
This should have been a day 1 PC  release because the "console wars" are over and xbox won.  They have proven that you just put it out everywhere at once and you make money.  Unfortunately Sony is using the Rockstar method of multiple purchases to really get that cash flow I guess?
The pop-in would vanish if you played quality mode.
"No other open world game's combat can compare"  I feel like you said that tongue in cheek, knowing Elding Ring is dropping soon lol
I might give it a shot, didn't like the first one at all doh.
Shut down my adaptive trigger and haptic feedback options from day one ….never regret it…my hand used to became numb in 10 minutes
I hate myself for buying a 50hz TV....
And IDK about combat Skill Up..... The Infamous series is hard to beat as far as combat is concerned.
Hm...I don't know. Doesn't seem like it doesn't too much different? I'm sure it improves stuff but unless the story is actually capturing because the first games story was....eh, I don't think it'll blow me away.
Awsome review dude thankyou
Still feels like a ubisoft game. World building and general prettiness can't make up for quest design, ui, and combat that all stem down the ubisoft formula beginning at Far Cry 3.
Sony games are always over rated simply because they are Sony. Zero dawn was basically just a copy of ubisofts open world formula with all it's checklist side activities. Maybe this is different but I know for sure it at least has it's version of the tower climbing side mission (giant dinosaur climb). This mission type needs to go away. Elden ring is going to clap forbidden Wests cheeks hard and then pull out on eloys face
If sony really had the approach of aquiring devs then letting them do what they want then why is it bend studios was refused by sony on making days gone 2 even though it surpassed sales it still wasnt good enough i respect your opinion by dont use this game to prop sony as they let there dev studios do what they want because thats simply not true. I think the main praise shouldnt be sony it should be gurilla who made it
Now if only there was a place I can get a PS5
Does anybody else buy games based on skill ups reviews? I have been following him since the division 1. Your my fucking hero bro. If skill up says the game sucks then it sucks!
I dunno man, "this game is slow and not that great until you play for *10 hours* " isn't exactly something I would consider a selling point.  Imagine if someone told you that season 1 of a show was trash but it got interesting after that...would you honestly say you would sit around for 10 single hour episodes with the hope that things improve in season 2?  I think if you are being honest with yourself, you wouldn't.
Imma buy this game tomorrow!  Oh wait, nevermind.  I still can't even find a PS5 to buy.  :/
I don't get how this guy talks so much shit on Assassin's Creed when these two Horizon games play exactly the same as ever AC since Origins
Was the entire experience ruined by the text @25:30? I was considering getting in to this IP after all this praise from SkillUp. But if that's some kind of secret... well.... fuck.
Another bullshit pro ps review. Game is utter shit
Skill Up made me remember the controller has a speaker 😂
Just pointing this out. I don't remember anything broken from Zero Dawn. That game was nearly flawless
Someone here has obviously not played MHW oder Dragons Dogma.
I didn't like (like in many other games) the crafting, inventory and elementary BS. I always end up blindly trying everything I can until it works... Just keep it simple... Killing hundreds of enemies to unlock a new "spinning" move... I which someone could make a more simple adventure RPG game that doesn't requires to open a menu or collect hundreds of items... the progression should be natural, linear and with some randomness. Don't tell me I learn How i can jump higher, just let me discover it.
Good game, but Sony must've paid you tons of cash to hype this game up beyond the realms of reality 🤣
Bruh you said No spoilers and then show a huge spoiler at 25:34, cmon)
The game (Horizon Forbidden West) is like or similar to (Shadow of the Tomb Raider) or you can say future model of it
I'm afraid of playing this before Zelda Into The Wild 1/2 and that it will ruin the latter for me.. xDDD I know Zelda is amazing in its own right, but Horizon just checks all my boxes gameplay and story wise.
Sony is not giving the upgrade option now on their store from 4 to 5 version that they promised until more people get scammed, why no one in the media talking about this.
HZD was cool but the lack of gear progression was lame. I hope they have expanded upon that.
Guerilla cares. The community of this game is absolutely wholesome. I love Guerilla and I love this game.  I'm going to buy the Special Edition tomorrow✌️
I've played horizon zero dawn, and really like the main plot but i absolutely hate the side quest, i am really bored by the world until i realized i dont have to do the boring side quest and just do the vastly more interesting main plot, i honestly think HZD will be much more enjoyable if its a linear game like tomb rider or uncharted, i enjoyed the game but i think its just a bit better or maybe even the same as farcry in terms of world engagement, i dont know if forbidden west will fix that for me, or im just really really burnt out by triple A open world bullshit
I hope me pre order arrives tomorrow!
The Dualsense is a gimmick until you buy the console (or the controller to use on PC), then you'll start looking for games that use it to the fullest just because of how awesome it is. When it comes to the whole PS5 package, the Dualsense is definitely very underrated.
Can you turn off the focus that highlights every surface you can climb in bright yellow, I wanna search and find where I'm supposed to go like every gamer should IMO because it only adds to the overall experience   Also I'm happy to see that almost all of the negatives you mentioned I had 0 issues with in the first game, for instance I beat HZD and the DLC on the hardest difficulty and had no problems with crafting and always had tons of resources to spare and by tons I mean 100's of each lol
Luv the MH reference in this review 🔥🤘🏾🖤!
I played this for 100s of hours on PS4 at release and loved every single second of it - Then picked it up when it came out for PC and put in another 58 hours (So far... I have kinds now) and compairing the two experiences I want topplay Forbidden West on PC as well... I just feel like an absolute Elite landing all Crit shots with perfect precision as well as at an unlocked frame rate and 144Hz That being said I will likely hover over the Purchase Button on PS5 every few days until the wait is too much for me to take or the PC Port has a release date... If it was before i had kinds I would just double dip, but that is not realistic for me anymore 😕 Thanks ffor letting me vent
The idea of being frustrated with a sequel when you haven't played the first game is idiotic, I won't sugar coat it. There's tonnes of videos on YT recapping each and everything in HZD so newcomers have no real excuse to complain, either play the first game or get familiar with its plot because if you expect the second game in the series to inform players about the first one then you are deluded. A sequel needs to tell its own story not spend quality time explaining the previous one. I guarantee if they spent maybe half an hour recapping the events of HZD then we and you would be complaining about that aspect. You don't jump straight to the second part of the story and then wonder why you are confused about the plot, that's just stupid.
Man I went out and bought a ps4 for RDR2 when it came out and that was the only time I used it. Now I'm going to have to go out and buy a ps5 for this game and probably never use it again
40 minute video with no spoilers? Yeah right
Great video im a little bummed that you said the story isnt that great but i will absolutely be playing till the sun comes out after i pick it up at midnight at gamestop friday😀
Just watch HZD story explained
No spoiler and  i feel like I’ve seen everything this game has to offer lmao super hyped!!!!
It will fall short compared to Last of Us? Hahaha Last of Us 2 is hot garbage my friend.
Gamers never know what they want, if a game is below 10 hours they complain is too short and they want their money back, but is Horizon 1 has a great introduction and starts after 10+ hours and gives you many more hours, they walk away from it. Dumb.
i found the combat in the first game boring and repetitive very fast, it was so easy and i didnt enjoy it at all
i loved the first game and cant wait to play forbidden west
Friday hype!!!
Absolutely incredible review! Thank you so much for sharing. I cannot wait for Friday!!
Another fantastic review mate 👍🏻
I wish halo looked as good graphically advanced as this game :( Just my opinion and mine alone <3
Ugh, I was really worried about the crafting stuff making a return. One of my biggest pet peeves of the first game. Still, I'm really looking forward to it!
I enjoyed everithing but the combat when playing zero dawn on PS4 and the exact oposite on PC so il wait for the port. Hope itl come sooner.
Think I'll wait for a sale.
I am curious about how traps are this time around. Also the machine skills I never used either almost at all in the first one.
i gotta know how varl keeps his beard lookin that good lol
Thank god they didn't turn Aloy into a hulk-abby-monster.
Dude I freaking remember dynoitis! I had the big T-Rex with the laser on his head I used to love that thing
Reminds me of the witcher 3
I heard you can set the aiming using gyro in the dual sense. I’ve been waiting for games to implement this more. Only a handful do, and it’s so much better, and fun than relying solely on the analog sticks. It’s the closest a controller can get to a KB and mouse set up
I would argue that 'Dragon's Dogma' or the late 'Infamous' series are the best examples of open-world combat, but I could see how 'Horizon' could be an argument when stacked against other mainstream open-world games.
After I eat elden ring for a month this is Def getting a go.
The best part about SkillUp is that you can praise a game, calling it nearly perfect, and still critique various elements of it!
PSA: Don't Buy The PS5 Horizon Forbidden West, Get The PS4 Version Horizon Forbidden West for PS5 is currently available for pre-order on the PS Store for $69.99 (or £69.99), and the price will remain the same after the title is launched on February 18. The game's version for the older PS4 is priced at $59.99 (or £59.99). The catch here is there is no catch at all: if you get the PS4 version of Forbidden West, you'll be able to upgrade for PS5 at no extra cost.
Just 1 question, can u ride the t-rex?
Pop-ins detract from a game, as do any and all flaws. Alone, any single flaw shouldn't warrant hate for a game, but the same goes the other way around; a game having fun gameplay or beautiful art shouldn't be used as an excuse for the glaring flaws that pop in front of you regularly. Too often we see reviewers, fanboys, or just regular players in general up in arms to be defensive about a game, saying stuff like "I like the game, therefore if you think a flaw is a flaw then you're just a hater".  The reality is this is a $70 game, unless you jump through hoops to get it for the original $60 on ps4 with the promised free upgrade which they tried to renege on, and in current year we expect games to not have any issues. And while it's fine now cause it's launch, we should expect them to fix it in future patches. If you bought a car and you love it except for that funny rattling noise it makes, you expect the manufacturer to patch it up for you. Likewise for computers, or any other product really. If you bought a $50 jacket and turns out one of the seams was stitched poorly, but otherwise you love it, you'd still expect a replacement or some fix. How the fix goes about happening varies from product to product, and in some cases it's not practical... but for games, it shouldn't end there and the only way they will keep working on it and adding improvements is when people talk about the flaws and ask for improvements.
One thing I think needs to be more recognized is Sony’s game studios’ commitments to accessibility options and their willingness to be inclusive and give options to EVERY gamer of differing abilities. Makes me want to buy this more just for this.
SPOILERS:  I’m kind of pissed Aloy died at the end. How are they going to continue without her?
I knew nothing about HZD before it came out for PC.  I became hooked to that game.  Played it through the million crashes i experienced when it first came out.  For HFW, I borrowed a PS4 over a year ago waiting for it.  Glad he let me keep it.
this studio heard what we wanted from the second entry and really listened... that feels really nice.
fuck me i'm so excited
What's more surprising is this can run on the Soulja boy console
I cannot comment on PS5. Because they are quite improbable to obtain! However, I shall intend to enjoy it with the tech I’ve got, until I level up!
I dont want to spend $70 for a game
I was getting ready to quote  Blade Runner but you best me to it
So this game is like non-weeb Genshin Impact?
Fighter ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion; beautiful.
Love it! Ok Shill up, let's finish the main story......... 6 hours later: "Fuck".
That pop in is technical bug. One that can be fixed. It's not just how the game is. They'll sort it.
I love your reviews, so much like in them compared to other review sights. I always wait to buy a game to see if you review it. keep it UP!
System. Seller.
I can’t wait to play this at 120 Frames
I was expecting a more deep analysis of the underwater gameplay, but it's barely mentioned in the review. Aren't there underwater fights? It's just traversal and maybe resources finding?
If the sequel continues with making every male character: an idiot, a drunk, villian or useless then its another hard pass.
I like how there are brief clips of the first game and it's just as good as this one. That's a compliment, but it also shows that you don't need a ps5 to have this graphic (in fact this is a ps4 game). It's better on ps5 of course, but it's not night and day and it's not a reason to buy a ps5.
The Mako was the best thing in Mass Effect 1 - the quirks are what made it so memorable. Keep the Mako out of this.
I didn’t enjoy the first one Will I enjoy this one?
If Erend finally dies in this game, it could be a good reason to buy it (after elden ring of course)
I’ve been trying to power through the Frozen Wilds dlc before this game comes out, but I too keep getting sidetracked into side missions and just exploring.
The haptic feedback stuff is a bit oversold, but decent review.
This game looks gorgeous. I know this game has lots of quality and amazing gameplay with rich story. With that being said for me personally I never got into the first one. I don’t know what it is. Maybe I’m not into gameplay that focuses on ranger attacks. I was also a in your face melee/sword type of player when it came to action adventure rpg games. Maybe it’s also the machine aspect of the game. Idk. I wish I was more eager to play this because the game just looks beautiful. I guess you just can’t force yourself at times.
Disagree with one part, Sony keeps making stupid decisions. There going to outclassed themselves if they keep it up
can we be honest? the far cry/just cause series made the "glider" essential lmao
i hate platform exclusives so much. they literally do nothing of value. when i see a game is a ps5 exclusive, i dont go "yo i need a ps5", i go "well fuck that company then".
38 minutes for a review? Glad there's 1.5 speed
I love how excited you get about this game.  I feel the same way...cannot wait til Friday!  Thanks for sharing!
Your reviews are getting better and better, my god what a script!
this game sucks another copy and paste game  you should wait for this game to sales it is not worth for 70 dollars  you better spend your money on buying games like smt 5 this game is one and done game once you finished the game you will never touch it again
The looting and inventory management killed the first game for me. It was just too much. If they at least had a storage container that was accessible at campsites/save points, I could have tolerated it.   But constantly dumping materials on the ground every few fights was madness inducing. I just wanted to play the game.   So it’s really disappointing to know that it wasn’t really improved here. Did they at least give much more inventory space this time around?  A game with this many materials/supplies/components… inventory management is just such a chore
What graphic card did you use?
The weak side quests and the damn awkward camera angle from the first game are things that I still remember as vividly as the great things. I loved the hard sci fi plot from #1 but another positive Shill mentioned was another sticking point for me. The map density. You couldn’t move ten feet without bumping into something in the first one, it felt claustrophobic and I always wanted more room to breathe. Don’t get me wrong, the first game was one of the ps4 greats, the best for many. I never finished that expansion which I might do.   I didn’t want to watch this review because now I want to play this game. I don’t want to play this game without a ps5 which I refuse to spend a dollar over msrp for.  I am relieved that we’ve gotten 2 big AAA fan favorite sequels  that they didn’t fuck up, it feels like we’ve earned it.
I guess  im the alone on this island but I didn’t think the first one was that good of a game. I hope i like this game because until elden ring drops I don’t have anything new to play. I already beat Dying Light 2 twice lmao
You're reviews are always so enjoyable. It really come across when you are passionate about a particular game.
That's it! After I get my Xbox series X I'm buying a PS5!
They'll fix it. I AM READY
Random Dino Riders reference in the middle made me want to pull the VHS tapes I have off it out of the closet.
Shill Up is on to some sweet Sony treats
I will definitely be picking this up. Gotta play the first one first though, haha! Thanks for the great review!
Can I ask people here do I need to play zero dawn to play this? I played around 8 hours
343 oughta be embarrassed.  Fuckin 6 years and the full 'open world' is still not released.
Are there options to customize/minimize the HUD further compared to Zero Dawn? Such as the marker lines e.g. for a pickable object or the colouring of the machine parts? I don't simply want to turn everything off since many markers are helpful, but when there are a lot of items e.g., it always looks overloaded to me and destroys the beauty of the world a little bit. I'd want it to be as immersive as possible, without taking the comfort away by having necessary information just turned off. Thanks in advance for any help!
I'm not sure what they see in this game, I say the environment and design is weird to the point that it annoys me, the character design also has the same effect. The game itself is fun but that prevents you from enjoying the immersion.
Pop ins look pretty rough needs to stay immersive …do not want to get complacent with bugs still don’t know why this is still problems within games
Fantastically thorough review as always. Unpopular opinion. I severely dislike the adaptive triggers. Whether it's because I haven't played a game that implements it properly, I can't tell. But I haven't had any pleasurable experiences with it. It just feels like a button that doesn't work properly, or has dirt stuck behind it.
Ehh, see you when it's on pc
An amazing review!  If I hadn't planned on purchasing this game already, I would have done so based on your review alone. Thanks gamer!
Pop in on mythical PS5 SSD
>mass effect Sony promo material spotted
Review Legends Arceus Next hehehehe
I never had any problems with melee combat in HZD. Yes, it was simple, but it got the job done - especially when you got Sylens' lance.
First time review actually mentioned the dualsense,...which I was surprised how rare that was. Sony definitely seemed to suggest to "drawing a bow" when hyping the controller
2:50 what machines is it??
38 min thats a whole episode man mind cutting it down to 20 mins give or take
The combat may be really good, but robots are not something I want to fight exclusively in a game.
I never take the time to comment on anything on the internet because of how minuscule it really is but this is a really fucking good review. Skill up is an astounding game journalist
I didn't like the 1st game, this game doesn't seem to be much different. The fact that melee is still bad, crafting still as annoying, you just shoot arrows endlessly, how is this different from the 1st game exactly ? Also no Word about combat against humans which was so bad in the 1st game
A Dino Riders reference in 2022. Take this like sir.
nice one
So is this game multiplayer?
All AAA game engines WILL require a Nanite type tech to reduce / eliminate pop-ins.
I watched you’re Breath of the wild video and how critical you were of  that game, how much paise you heap on this game is odd.   I played the first time and by the end of the 50 hours I had spent working through The first game I had dubbed it the horizon zero yawn.
Dammit dude! Stop praising the PS5 for this game! Don't say this game justifies buying a PS5. Don't you know how lucky you are being able to play this on a PS5? I'm gonna play it on my PS4 pro. Still should be great, though.  It's still impossible to buy a PS5 at retail price. Just like with Elden Ring, when/if I get a PS5 finally someday, I'll thoroughly enjoy replaying those games with much more shinier graphics :)
I was always going to buy Forbiden West. They went all in what i'll call "Smoothness" that I haven't experienced many times. where you just play and it's almost theriputic or meditative. Can't Wait.
meh, 6/10
So you say if Sony continue the template they've been using for 2 gens now (third person action adventure games) they will be fine, well some of us want variety, something Sony has a MASSIVE problem with. Other than the same genre games, what variety games do Sony actually do?  I wonder if the reviewer forgives other games with bugs and glitches such as pop ins on other games? If the game is broken then it should be rated the same as other games that have the same issues, not forgive them or give them a free pass.
I dont own a PS but might be willing to buy a controller for my PC gaming. Does anyone know if things like the speaker and Haptics resistance haptics on the triggers function in other games on the PC? Can you remap the bindings if you use this controller in other games?
Holy fuck this game and review are phenomenal. I cannot wait for this to come out on PC
Great  job, Skilla! You've turned this work into an art form.
This would look better on Xbox series x
'combat in Witcher 3 is just dodge, parry, melee'  then what is the combat in Horizon?  : dodge and shoot...
Breath of the Wild can match the flexibility of approach in combat, there videos on YouTube of people discovering new stuff they can do.
Just wanted to say a really big thank you for highlighting the accessibility features of the game. So few reviewers do this and it really matters to those of us who need them. I can't tell you how annoying it is to spend £60 on a new game, only to realise you can't play it! Glad you enjoyed the game, I'm so psyched for Friday!
This is will GOTY 2022. I'm calling it.
This looks fantastic but it looks like a massive expansion to the first game, similar animations and ui doesn’t differentiate enough for me imo
Her face really is a disaster :( Why cant they keep the original face????
Oh my god??? Someone else who remembers the DinoRiders cartoon???
Beware. There are spoilers of the first game.
Curious, is there any breathe of the wild influence in this game? It feels like every open world game released after it has swiped something from it.
I guess I can safely say Guerilla games are now considered as one of the top Game Studio currently while previous winners are losing so badly now and are in a buyout era. Congratulations, creating an open world game that is fun to play in is rare and I am glad they achieved it.
Did you know the lead machine designer is a huge Zoids fan?  I could really see the influence in the first game, especially with the Thunderjaw
The Surfshark ad is extremely misleading. Realistically, every website you're going to be buying from will be using SSL encryption, so every time you send them your card data (once every few years?), that data is encrypted on the way from your PC to the server. Adding a VPN on top is just another layer of encryption. The real danger is the website itself getting hacked, especially if they store your data in plain text, which seems to be depressingly common based on news reports.  Here's an analogy: Imagine photocopying your card, putting it in a safe, then putting the safe inside another safe, going to the grocery store, taking the photocopy out of both safes and handing it to the cashier, who gets to keep it. You have no idea what the cashier is gonna do with it, how they're gonna store it, etc.  If you're worried about hackers stealing your card info, use prepaid cards or debit cards connected to checking accounts that have very little money in them.
Fuck Surshark, Sony itself should have sponsored you for this video.
I'll be waiting for the PC but that sucks. I loved the first game but can't justify buying a ps5 for one or two games.
This franchise is OVERRATED. Im just so uninterested in this character and this world and yeah  so dull looking.
I think there’s just a few loud people who dislike the haptics.  I love it and I’d definitely adds to my experience.
The pop-ins reminds of similar issues in the previous game(s), it lead me to know the layout of the area. Although brief, it helped enough.
I keep going to press the like button and realized I already have🤩👍🏻👍🏻
I’m glad there’s more sci fi Into the game I liked that a lot about the first game
These games make me wanna buy a ps5. They look awesome and fun as hell
Haven't played the Horizon games, but I have to say, Mad Max and Shadow of Mordor also had some incredible open-world combat, especially Mad Max's vechile combat.(Amalur honorable mention) I love when combat is not an after thought for open-world games (coughs in Elder scrolls).
Superbugs
This is definitely one of the most beautiful open world games of all time! Cannot wait to dive in!
Iam so confused if I should be getting Elden ring or Horizon.
it amazes me how sony can consistantly make games that are Significantly better than anything Microsoft can pump out.
My eyes glaze over with boredom when I see footage from either of the Horizon games. I want to like them, but they look so dull.
That pop in is a nightmare.
He doesn't tell you that Aloy comes out as trans at the end lol. Also there's a huge sex scene with him and one of the robots.
Ahahaaha Mass Effect 2
Hate hate hate pop in :(
This is already my most anticipated game since god of war and your analogy of mass effect 1 to 2 (my favorite sci fi game of all time and favorite of the 3), is EXACTLY what I was hoping to hear
*Ralph:* "If those studios can keep making games like this, then Sony will be just fine." *Sony:* "GaaS is the future! We will release at least 10 GaaS titles by 2026!"
Fineeeee I'll pay full price
Every Frame Looks Beautiful!!! Omg On My Crappy Phone!!! Can't Wait To See On My TV!!!
The Odyssey lives!!!
Looks busted to me
Alright you talked me into it, i am now finally playing through Zero Dawn :^)
I appreciate your passion for video games and detailed but casual reviews, keep Rocking Mr shill up
Well, when it comes to Steam I'll get to play it. I can wait.
This is a small detail. But as a French speaking human, EVERY SINGLE TIME I hear a english speaking person saying "coup de grâce" like "coup de gras", what I hear is "hit the fat".  It is hilarious. (The "ce" in "grâce" is prononced more or less the same way as the "ce" in "grace")
Turn the HUD off to play this game, you will thank me later
Sometimes he does miss
I might be the only person but spoilers for Zero Dawn around 23:20…
Truely, shhill up.
Unsubscribed. Wtf Skill UP, you too?! These ME 2 references in every single review of Horizon 2 are just ridiculous. I thought you were better than this
Say what you will about the Activision acquisition, but I don’t think Microsoft will EVER see them produce a game of this level of quality for them. You can buy IPs, but you can’t buy passion! Passion and ambition is something that must be nurtured and cultivated over time, and that is a major strength that Sony has. their Studios that they acquired years ago have been supported and have been given the time they need to make the games they want, they haven’t been forced to rush games out there for a quick buck. Studios like Insomniac, SuckerPunch, Guerrilla, and Sony Santa Monica are testaments to quality over quantity. All of those studios care more about creating works of art, rather than solely making a quick buck! The same cannot be said about Activision, Blizzard, and Bethesda! This generation of gaming is gonna be an interesting one indeed!
Lol. Mass effect comparison in the 1ts sentence. Et tu, Brute? What a disappointment.
Love the look of this and the bosses look cool.  Still haven't managed to find a non-scalped PS-5 (and NOBODY should buy scalper systems -- I DEFINITELY won't), but this is first game since Spiderman that makes me kind of want one... might start looking again with some more earnest.  A bit taken aback by how bad that pop-in is considering who strong the engine seems in other ways -- it reminded me of Subnautica in that scene you depicted without the small dev. team excuse they have.  While Series X games generally look incredible, I think we won't see these kind of graphics on it until they drop the series 1S support that eats up dev time with all the variable engine / graphics work required ... hope that happens soon.  Definitely glad to see such a good game hit PS-5 after the big MS purchase -- bodes well for ongoing high-level competition between the two studios on gameplay fun and graphics quality rather than which one can use psychiatric manipulation to profit the most from loot box crap.
Dino-Riders were the shit!
Elden Ring nuff said..
Sony's acquisitions just feel more earned in my opinion. There's something nasty about Microsoft's massive devouring of companies. I feel like Sony establishes a friendship with companies before they buy them, like Bluepoint and Housemarque.
I like that you spoke to the elephant in the room of Microsoft buying up studios and what it means for the gaming landscape. The reality is, Sony did well in the ps4 gen due to games like this. Games like horizon,  the upcoming god of war and eventual ghost of Tsushima sequel. Microsoft has no choice but to make acquisitions because they just don’t have the same firepower as Sony’s first party offerings. Looking forward to this game Friday and great review as always.
I always have the controller speaker off. Cant stand that.
So hoping this comes out on PC, I had the first one on PS4 but wanted to use a mouse and keyboard (and to be fair my superior hardware) and this game was just built for it, loved the first one on PC.
Awesome! Now if they could put all this into a Killzone sequel I’ll be happy 😃
I always thought the story of the first game was the MOST generic thing in the world, Girl meets World mixed with the Hero's Journey that's been done to death so more "technobabble" and deepening of the world can't be a bad thing. First and foremost is the world and the unique combat it had going for it. Since that's improved it's easy to say this is a step up in every regard especially if they solved how kinda braindead melee was in the first game
Every AAA Game Should be like this in terms of everything fucking working and looking super crisp!
You ever lost your wallet? You are at risk for being skimmed, who the fuck wrote this ad? Seriously they are blatantly lying and using fear tactics for sales. Usually I don't care about the Ad because mans gotta eat but this just annoyed me.
Great review but why 5x 2 30 sec adds when you have a sponsor at the end?
I haven’t played yet, but saying, “best combat for any open world game”, is saying a lot. For me, kingdom come deliverance is king, but like I said, I haven’t played yet.
I completely agree, money alone doesn’t mean shit, look at Amazon they have almost unlimited funds literally and can’t make a game if their  lives depended on it sadly lol I love Amazon and I hope they one day prove me wrong. This is a game that definitely shows that talent is what makes a game great and ur 100% right brother.
As a pc player I'm happy that a game like this exists. If this was developed for multi platform I'm sure it wouldn't have turned out like this. If it doesn't come to pc I am going to get a ps5 for sure to play exclusives like this one.
I think I can safely say this was one of the best HFW reviews man, your videos are always great brother keep up the great work.
Ironically, needing to play the first Horizon Zero Dawn before playing this one, is the best thing anyone can do. I mean it!
You had me untill you mention the beginning slog. I tried to play Zero Dawm three times and each time checked out. I went on the spoil the story for me because I wanted to know what happened. But hearing you say that its still a slog to start the game makes me wary to try Forbidden West now
I feel so much the same about open worlds and infinite map markers. It's encouraging to hear what it actually feels like and your perspective on the experience.
That is some HIGH level pop in damn lol
I can tell this is probably going to be my best and the most enjoyable platinum trophy hunt i'll ever do, can't wait!!,
Is that a Pikachu at 1:54?
cool game is good. Wish i had time to go back to original before this one so many games im playing right now shit. Edit: im about 10 hours in great game do like they went over the first game ill probably go back to it someday but the graphics im amazed. I like i think its called graphics mode over the performance just u can see a difference in terms of clarity.
Sadly this is exactly what I was afraid of :( Since they were creatively unable to come up with a good story for a sequel, they put all the efforts into trying to improve the combat... The same plan that BioWare used for Andromeda (but they screwed up the execution too while Guerrilla seems to have done it right). This is a problem, frankly, I played the first one for the story on console, I was unable to enjoy the combat, I tolerated it at best. Not because it was bad, but because controllers suck. I started enjoying combat when it came to PC and I could use mouse and keyboard finally, so I am not sure I will enjoy this sequel, if I still have to suffer through the combat with a controller on easy AND the story is mediocre... :(
I liked you when you were genuine. But mass effect 2? Reading directly from the terms of reference?...
I’m so excited to play this on my PS5
Monster Hunter Machine Edition.
I'm a little disappointed to see climbing neglected once again; I guess Death Stranding, as silly as it sounds, spoiled me with its in-depth traversal mechanics. Not a dealbreaker by any means, though. I'm still picking this game up, and I can't wait to see Aloy's next adventure. I just hope that, if Forbidden West's narrative improvements are on par with the overhauled cinematography, Sony green lights a 3rd game, and we'll possibly see "Breath of the Wild"-esque climbing in the futre. If Guerrilla took that next step, I'd be blown away.
Oh, yet another reviewer just randomly mentioning Mass Effect 2. I assume all game journalists, including SkillUp, consider their audiences idiots? At least, I now know that SkillUp is no more trustworthy than IGN, Polygon, Kotaku, and other game jornos.
Have you ever considered posting reviews on older games (Legend of Zelda games, TES games, etc.) that you never got a chance to Review? perhaps a 2nd Channel for it? Congrats on 800k! Love your content so much man keep it up!!
Has _Skill Up_ ever given a game a perfect 10 out of 10? 🤔
Thanks for  the great review. I enjoy your stuff but didn't want any spoilers, so I asked in the SA forums if there were any. Someone said that if I skipped the Character/Story section and just listened to the review it would be fine. They were right. You did a thorough and informative review without spoilers, great job. I especially appreciate when a critic goes out of their way to give praise to the people who crafted the work.
This game is not good.
You really coveyed how good you thought it was. But saying that it was a 9.5/10 (yada yada more nuance... dont usually give ratings) is weird given how much critizism you give. Saying that the main story is pretty bad, significant popping issues as well as melee combat and inventory systems etc. World, sidestories and combat obviously seemed to carry. But a 9.5 seems strange after what you said.
The power of the dual sense
One question:  When you do machine vs machine fights, do they still clip through each other as much as in Horizon Zero Dawn? And do they have better attack patterns that choose the best attack to other machines? Or is that a bit too much to ask?
I'm excited to play it, but not as much now that I saw that pop in of those larger structures like that.  Hopefully that doesn't happen very often.
I love the controller co-op idea. My young son who sometimes gets overwhelmed fighting these things tends to throw the controller to me! he loves dinosaurs and we played the first one together. This way I can just take over if its above his skill level, well done!
i dont see on any wideo that world here is any different then in 1st game (that being said, world in 1st is stunning)
Thank you for your honest reviews.  I only found your channel a few months ago, but you are now one of my go-to trusted  reviewers.  Thank you for taking the time to REALLY review games.
Guerrilla should gather the whole team and play that conclusion to them.
I don't know what I am more in awe of, the game or your video making skills! There are so many 10 minute reviews and yet I will watch your 30 minute video! Thank you <3
Complains about constantly matching elemental damage types and weaknesses, turns around and fires up The Witch Queen to spend 100+ hours constantly matching elemental damage types and weaknesses like an addict. Nice one ShillUp! ;P
Do these studios all hire the same GUI designers?
If I can deal with how Arceus runs I can deal with this. Very excited
When PC?
If you were to compare Forbidden West's open world with Ghost of Tsushima's, which one would you rank the highest?
melee combat is always something i dont like in horizon
Be sure to keep in your thoughts Mike Andrew Nash who was the concept artist for this game and made some of the most iconic designs. Sadly he passed away roughly a year ago, leaving behind an incredible legacy of designs that make this game so unique
Damn Greta Thunberg 2 is out👀
Platinumed HZD, gonna plat this bad boi too 👍
Dinoriders..man you take me back Ralph😂
With current gen ps5 and they don’t have ray tracing!? That’s pretty bad
That comment about xbox buying stuff.. Buy what? Bethesda and blizzard have zero to offer. I found the waste of money hilarious.
These videos are EXTREMELY long. Too long.
Shill
I feel like the number you have at the beginning doesn’t really match what you’ve talked about. It has an amazing open world and fun ranged combat, yet has bugs that forced you to restart your PS5, frustrating climbing mechanics, undeveloped melee combat, and a story that doesn’t work. That doesn’t really sound like a near-flawless game warranting a 9.5.
Pop in has never bothered me in any game, I always found it funny. As long as I'm not falling into the map, I'm here for it. I think I'm going to play Zero Dawn again before I play Forbidden West. It's been a while and I think it would appreciate even more the hard work they put into Forbidden West.
Looking forward to continue to play in the amazing world and fight more machines! But I'll give them a few more weeks till most bugs are patched ;)  HZD was breath taking and I want this to be just as great so no rush.
"I don't score games."  *proceeds to score game*  I get the bit but seriously, if you don't like scores and the drama they bring, just don't do it. Your criticism stands on its own.
A festival of amazing graphics and cinematic experience 😎👍
Can anyone say something about performance on the ps4?
If its as absolutely superb as the first one then its a solid 6/10.
I'm really looking forward to this game, but this review kind of felt weird. In almost every section it felt like there was a "This part of the game isn't great and can be kind of rough, but the rest of it is so great it doesn't matter". Feels like there are kind of a lot of problems with the game from what I've seen here.
im just tired of open world game with no substance like ghost of Tsushima and horizon getting praise when the only thing they have going for them is their graphics. the story and characters suck, the gameplay is lifeless, and the open world has copy paste content we’ve already achieved peak open world from games like mgsv and botw and hopefully botw2 and elden ring will exceed expectations but no way in hell do these bum ass games compete at all. theyre like the video game equivalent of soap operas- a lot of flash, with zero substance.
seems like to have almost the same amount of complaints as you have praises for a game you give such a high rating to.
You have to wonder how long until Sony produces a CGI Horizon movie cause it's the most obvious thing in the world.
Is that a Fireclaw in the video? Man I'd love to see them in the main game (since they were only in the DLC in HZD)
12:04 1440p? nah, 144p here, mobile data sucks
I wish this had a 40 fps mode like Ratchet and Clank. Guess I'm waiting for some patches.
Maybe i would play the game but the heroine is so ugly, why did they have to do that? It would've costed the same to make her attractive and made the game better.
Forcing 60 fps you can’t complain about pop in. I’ll never understand sacrificing resolution for greater than 30fps. The eye can’t see greater than 30 fps.  You think you can but you cannot
I can’t believe how beautiful this world is. Can’t wait to explore it
But did you beat the game?
Sadly my biggest annoyance that will take me out of a game and the experience more than pretty much anything else IS pop-in. This is my biggest problem with open world games. Guess I'll just wait til they hopefully fix it or til it comes out on PC. Don't remember pop-in being a big problem with HZD on the PS4, but I didn't play that until it was out for almost a year.
Haptic feed back done right, decent story, this is definitely going on the shopping list.
This one is day one for me I loved the first game also aloy is my waifu
Dude, where are these copypasted comparisons to Uncharted,!Mass effect!, AC are coming from. These are not the only sequels that exist. I hope you are not a Shill Up.
I won't be getting this as I wasn't a fan of the first game, but I am happy to see it get good reviews. Really love the studio behind this and wish them nothing but success.
Hmmmm I do not like adapting to monster attacks extensively. I hated the ragdoll which was Aloy when fighting Frozen Wilds machines.  I hope there is a skill tree to mitigate Aloy being turned into a pinball
Hey I think that there is a major plot spoiler at 25:10
Your conclusion is beautifully written. Well done.
If only I could actually BUY a fucking PS5.  Blown away at how long this "shortage" has gone on (and I used quotes because while the silicon shortage is a real thing, the scalper pussies have made things substantially worse).
For me the Horizon series is just a copy and paste of Ubisoft open world games with a skin of tech robots. I couldn't even finish the first game. It felt like u  played as a less intelligent 10x worse archer than Arrow/hawkeye
Why can’t they just do 4K 60
I’m taking off work for this game… this is the kind of game only PlayStation does right
Love the reviews but I wish the video quality was way better. Saw this review and liked the overall presentation. Been following you since the Division days and it's great how much more refined it all feels now.  But one major point that could do with some improvement would be video quality. When talking about how beautiful this game is I was like "Ok, sure" while watching the review but just now I popped open Digital Foundry's Horizon video and my jaw dropped at how gorgeous the game actually is. If I had only watched this review, I would have no idea. I would not even be close to understanding what a visual achievement it is. I guess it's fair to say that putting out incredible looking videos is not a focus for you. It's just that in this case the difference is so stark that it feels like it's doing a disservice to Horizon to not try and capture that visual splendor better.  I understand that it would probably take Austin more time to render out 4K output and you would have to screen record at much higher bitrates making the source files a lot more troublesome to move around but please consider it, the art form deserves to be reviewed in a way that preserves it's visual integrity. =)
Thanks for the video Ralph! Love your content bud.  It's funny looking at Alloy's hair and it still does that sorta movement on its own... surprised they haven't fixed that, since it's so glaring (IMHO). Looks like an amazing game, and no doubt I'll be picking it up once I get through a handful of other ga-... OH WHO AM I KIDDING!?
I feel like this series is edging up on AC, GTA, RDR as the pinnacle of open world games. The first game was special but I feel like this game is the best looking open world game, with the best characters, best tactical combat, best design and no free to play bullshit. Just compare the creativity and game design here to something like farcry 6 and the difference is obvious.
Best Combat in any open world huh? Wait another week for Elden Ring
"Forbidden West pivots Aloy's focus to one of coalition-building, both figuratively and literally. Aloy can not succeed in her quest alone, so she'll travel far and wide in an attempt to unite the disparate and warring forces of the Forbidden West". Ah, so this is the second Strand-Type game.
Dualsense controller features honestly isn't a gimmick in my opinion.  The adaptive triggers and rumble are a cut above in giving you the feeling of immersiveness.  Look at returnal for example.  When you are running through the world and can feel the little patter of raindrops hitting your character because you are getting these little tap rumbles in your controller it feels amazing.    I'm so looking forward to checking out this game later this week.
The king of hyperbole returns lol. I love this guy's reviews but good lord does he love to over state his impressions! Fun to listen to and usually a good job describing the fun of a game but man oh man does he get carried away in his message. All kidding aside another great review from a really fun channel.
Confirmed Xbox fanboy. He didn't give the game a best game in history/10.   Jk great job. Hope Austin gets to eat this month with this many new games
Xbox player here, I love this review and HFW. This is definitely is masterpiece and we are lucky to have a chance to play with. Peace all.
We went from two rectangles playing ping pong with a square dot to THIS?!
Best review I’ve seen 👏
So happy someone else even remembers Dino Riders, this just moved up to a must buy.
"...but that's where the comparisons to a Bioware game stop."  In the sequel, "it is about coalition building, uniting disparate people."  So just like the start of ME2 where Shepard is tasked with building a team for 2/3rds of the game? Hehe
Another copy/paste review with mention of Mass Effect 2 at the start. 🤦🏻
My concern is the lvl cap, I was lvl 50 20 hours in to the first game and it kind of sucked, this game should be at least lvl 100. ANyone know max lvl?
Sounds like sum1 trying to convince us this boring ass game is worth a try, hard pass till we can change main character
This is why I love identical sequels, they bring the same gameplay from the original and make it 10 times better. Games like Mass Effect 2, Galaxy 2, KOTOR 2, and Halo 2 are how to make identical sequels to perfection.
PLS PLS PLS Test it a bit on a PS4, I am very sceptical and want to know if its as good on PS4
However, in that regard, I need to say that Elden Ring
Cant wait to finally get my hands on PS5 to play this. I hope the supply will be better this year.
It's interesting to me how most people seem to only have 50 hours in games. I'm usually at 50 hours, only halfwas through the story, and not even completed most secondary content
I truly hope Aloy is far less arrogant in this game compared to the first. Especially in side quests in New Dawn she was stuck up and belittling to everyone even though she is nothing special. When you think about it she is just a skilled survivalist with a bow and can control machines, which is essentially the vast majority of people in this world.
Great review but oof, possible spoilers in the footage subtitles. If like me you've not played the first yet don't read the in-game subtitles.
Anybody not like the new menu AI. Because I think it doesn't look like you're looking at a focus screen, like in the first game, but instead just a "game" menu.
Damn I only have vanilla ps4 and good pc Idk what to do, buy for ps4 or wait
Ngl the combat against humans is shit that's why I didn't finish the first one
Really appreciate you not using reciew scores now cause this review did not sound like a 9.5 game lmao
Cant wait to play this on pc.. becuz f*ck scalpers!!
11:27 that is the exact thing that made me unable to finish the first one it was to much of a grind to get the loot for ammo
I remember saying to people Sony isn't dead, them losing investors just seemed dumb to me but then again investors are dumb haha.   Saying sony is dead is looking at it like more IPs is better, I say as long as sony keep making quality games that are rushed or medled with, they will keep being relevant.   And this is coming from a PC player who only has owned Xboxs in the past besides a PS 1/2.
I buy now. Ok thanks for Skiling me up
Every one who have a PS wants this game, i have Ps5 for like half a year now and i really dont care about those horizon games, im not a female and dont want to play as a female, but whatever im used to Ps games being "creative" and weird.
Basically this game is everything but a Ubisoft game
I actually really enjoyed the beginning of hzd, it was a great character introduction for Aloy and it made leaving the sacred land very impactful.
It would be nice for the pop-in to be addressed, since this is meant to be running off an SSD with such fast I/O tools available. I agree that it shouldn't affect enjoyment of the game significantly. But when PS VR2 releases, I sure as hell don't want to see pop-in, or any unnecessary loading screens in VR.
Loved the review. New subscriber here!
Awesome review. I bought a PS4 for the first HZD and never regretted it single second. To hear that they improved almost everything is enough for me to buy a PS5 with this game. My biggest complaint was melee combat so I'm glad you covered it. Kinda sad it's still not up to par but atleast they improved it.
sony and surfhark spnsored the video
Can not wait til Friday!! The absolute joke is i have to rent my daughters PS5 🤦🏻😂
Horizon Mary Poppins
i always thought the combat in horizon was garbage, its literally mindless spamming thats relatively expensive lets be real here - its like light bowgun but even less involved yet more annoying, it became a CHORE very early on and never got better, its the worst combat yet
I will start this after I finish Elden ring 6 times with each build.  Looks solid.
A word should also be said for a female protagonist that’s DONE RIGHT. Not overtly sexualised, not ridiculously OP or out of place. Aloy is cool af.
I cant wait to play this in 3 years!
Looks exactly as ridiculous as the first one was. Could have flying talking cows as characters and would fit in just fine. Game mechanics saved the first game but could get boring if this has same childish story with a completely unbelievable world. Someone should do what Shadow of Mordor did to Arkham games to this, steal mechanics and improve them a bit. But of course add a story for over 12year olds too.
You got my thumbs up just for the first 20 seconds 😂
What about Rost?? WAS THERE A ROST LEGACY QUESTLINE??
shill up is doing it again
This game have really good storyline and  fun game mechanics same like god of war, graphic also amazing
“Sony’s winning strategy” has generated more poorly generated BS sequels of big titles compared to great releases like this though.
Who like motion blur, and why is it on by default?
Is there anyone who actually likes motion blur?
“500 dollar console” big lol
Great review. Love your accent , bro
Imo the only reason that Sony will get smacked by Microsoft over time is that they absolutely refuse to put their games on PC. The fact that Sony releases their biggest titles on PC 3-4 years after release and then adds a full price ? Its a killer honestly.
I'm not a big fan of Horizon, but I have to admit that it looks, feels (and probably plays) marvelously.   It looks awesome, and it's great to see so much love and care generate a such a superb single-player game.   Props to Guerrilla and Sony.
I played horizon zero dawn last year on PC and was blown away by the quality of the game.  It also hands down my GOTY last year  and I was thrilled to see forbidden west release.   Knew guerilla games had it in them to see this through and looks like they delivered.   I love watching skillup because of the way he describes games and brings out the love we have all have for games.  He certainly did so in this video too but his complains fell flat  .  It honestly felt like one of those gamers that always Find something to complain about,  from the looks of it,its a 10/10 experience
I’ll like 343 and halo infinite to take inspirations from this, such a diverse world which visually is one of the best looking out there in terms of both beauty and graphics. Halo infinite had sommuch of potential, they nailed the gameplay aspects of the open world but the visual diversity in both the open world and linear campaign missions do so much harm to the game. Yes it looks good for what it is but the scope need to be taken to another level. Its halo microsofts biggest title , halo deserves that care and  love from microsoft.
This game is the only reason I stood outside of a gamestop for 24 hours just to PRE ORDER my PS5, even knowing it wasn't coming out for a good while after the system. And thank god I did, right?
Absolutely hate scalpers so much. Really would like to get a ps5 😥
Ok, first 20 seconds. And you have sold me, enjoyed the first. That's all I needed to hear/see
Horizon zero was boring as fuck in my opinion and this also looks fucking boring I'll skip this one, elden ring is right around the corner I do like your reviews cheers 👍
loving the nod to Blade Runner!
I have waited for pre-order until today. Now that I know, they stick to what they've promised, I'm happy to invest into the Digital Deluxe Edition to support the devs! Thanks for your honest review.
I actually really like being about to quickly open up the menu and craft ammo on the fly mid combat while it slows down time. I just find it satisfying for some reason.
the snake looks sick!
I'm had such a journey with Horizon Zero Dawn. Was so hyped for it when it got announced, enjoyed the game quite a bit but found the world lacking in key open world features. The world felt very empty, at least to me. And the side quests were rather flat. But this game seems to have revived the things I missed. Really meaty narrative, great supporting characters, and the freedom to swim and explore. Hoping this game is amazing.
I do not own a PS5 but might still buy this piece of art from our beloved Dutch game studio, just to show them some love. Thanks for your ongoing touching series of reviews.
Shiny
You said that they enhanced everything in this game from HZD but didnt really articulate what they did to make it better? is combat better cos it sounds more annoying having to match elements? is the storyline better cos the OG I thought was quite boring. Side quests better? good. It almost sounds like just another HZD with better graphics, am I missing something?
Merry Pop-ins
Best review by far!!
I would be more hyped if it where possible to play this one on a PS5, but I cant find it anywhere
Please at least tell me if Alloy  falls in love with Errend
Lovely review
Jeez man, the game is good, but you're gushing over the exploration so much you're ready to let go everything else that the game falls short about.
Horizon was prob on the the mos boring and generic game i've played in past decade. Im so baffled people praising this game with no good story or characters whatsoever.
she looks like a dude man
brilliant game and terrific break down as always.
Such a shame it's not coming to PC on release, seeing how PS5s seem nonexistant at msrp 2 years down the road.
Looks cool, but I'll wait a year till it's patched up and maybe the ps5 price will go down too
Man, none of this excites me at alllll. Im just SO burnt out on this type of game.
i think i will just go around and awe at the beauty of the world. Using photo mode and take beautiful pictures!  This is the first open world that convinces me in terms of density and immersion. Has everything ive missed in ghost of sushima
I played the first and stopped half way through. It got so repetitive...same thing over and over. Does this one change things up more?
If he won't say it I will, Horizon Zero Dawn claps the whole mass effect trilogy and I grew up playing the mass effect trilogy.
Just gotta say, that more than appreciating the games you cover (for better or worse) the one thing I *always* appreciate after watching one of your vids, Ralph, is YOU. The love and care that you put into these videos, regardless of your take on a game, is something almost as special as the games you review. And, I hope that when people look back and gaming journalism and mention who were some of the great presenters of our era who captured a sort of magic and honesty in their words, I really expect your name to be on that list. I've been a long time viewer, and I'm finally able to join as a Patreon backer, just now! So I'm really excited to be offering my support there. Keep up the fantastic work and know that the effort and attention to detail you put into all of your content is incredibly appreciated and admired but many of us fans. Thank you for the years of great gaming content and superb video essays. Cheers, mate!
One more masterpiece from sony! More to come! PS💙
This very much sounds like more of the same. If you liked the first one, you'll enjoy this one. If you didn't, this won't change your mind. And I say this as someone who enjoyed the first one.
How dare you, M35 Mako was the best part of Mass Effect trilogy.
Pop -in!!???  I'll wait for a discount.
It's crazy because digital foundry said the visuals are so much better on resolution mode that he preferred it by a lot.  The fact that you love visuals in performance mode says a lot.  I can't wait
I cannot wait to play this game but unless I can get my hands on a ps5 I will have to wait for it to come to pc. I played the original on my ps4 and just recently bought it on steam and played it again. The game ran so much better on my pc so there is no way I will buy this new game for my ps4
Not me who thought there was a little fly flying in front of my screen at 22:30
I know it's a dumb critique but I just wish this wasn't bows and robots. I dont really like bows or robots. I'll give it a go though because it does look fantastic.
Really appreciate your content but I don't understand how this could possibly be a potential 9.5, if there are so many negatives. the story, the first 10 hours, the climbing mechanics, the mid battle menuing and crafting, bad melee combat, tons of looting, lots of pop-in etc. I still have a better understanding about the game now and liked the video but i don't see how you come to the conclusion, that this game is such a masterpiece.
i gets good after 10 hours? screw that, i'm not interested in that kind of nonsense
"Is the best combat in any open world videogame", until the release of Elden Ring
Its nice my expectation are going to be met. I can’t wait to play it.
Imagine Pokemon or Zelda having such graphics
Oh god, the ‘menu-combat’ is still there??? So darned tedious.    Great review, thank you!
9.5??? Nah
The technical problems you mentioned are mostly fixed in the day one patch.... Looking forward to playing it
AMAZING unbiased review. I can't wait to play this.
Maybe my great great grandkids will be able to play this when ps5 are available again and affordable
Can you deactivate the aiming slow motion skill?
This game looks amazing! I'll definitely be getting this on PS5 but I hope Sony brings it to PC asap so I can play it without having to choose between native 4K and 60 fps. PS5 just isn't powerful enough to do both at the same time.
I’m sorry just why is looting and crafting the worst thing ever? Have you played Fallout? Part of the is fun looting and crafting! Come on man lol 10/10 game it seems to me.
Calling a Skill Up video a review seems like selling it short. Its more like the 60 Minutes of videogames. A video dissertation is more accurate. These videos drive discussion for the core of what makes gaming what it is and I'm definitely here for it.
Call a Skill Up video a review seems selling it short. Its more like 60 Minutes of Video Games. Video dissertation if you will
Skill Up: Major Pop in, Story lacks, melee combat STILL mediocre, traversal isn’t very good, the crafting and looting takes away from the gameplay….9.5  I get you don’t do actual scores but this doesn’t sound like a 9.5 game.
I don't have a console. I don't even have a PC. I Still watch all your reviews because they are masterpieces. Thank you. Just thank you for providing content that any person passionate about videogames can enjoy and can get excited for. Even without playing.
This isn't a review. Its a love letter to the producer sony. "Please send me more so I can make more videos."
Am I the only one annoyed by the animation when picking up plants? I liked the seamless picking of Ghost of Tsushima, I thought they would apply that in sequel
So basically this game is farcry 4 with robot dinosaurs.........Cool.
Truly. I don’t get hyped anymore for games. I simply do not. I am however reignited and riding the proverbial hype train again for HFW!
One again this is how you make A game. Im looking at you Cyberpunk.
Another great review shillup congrats
really hope the pop-in gets fixed. I loved the first one, but pop-in gives me hives.
did shillup just say that he'd "cast a spell or whatever" as Geralt??
I really liked the original Horizon's gameplay and visuals but really not the story and characters. Apparently I'm going to repeat that experience! Not complaining but I was hoping for a better narrative.  We shall see.
It's so unfortunate that the Horizon games release right next to other huge AAA games. Like with the first game it was Breath of the Wild, and with this game it's Elden Ring.
I think the critique of needing to craft mid fight is really fuckin weird. You don't need to pause the game , you just kinda slow it down to open the weapon wheel. Why would you want an animation of her making arrows? that would make it wayy worse. That would be slow and tedious. Opening the weapon wheel can give you more time to breathe in a very intense fight and I don't think they really should make your arrow pouch limitless. If you want immersion, wouldn't that immersion already break after seeing damage numbers when you shoot enemies, health bars on top of enemies and also every other stuff on the screen? So I don't think it's bad at all, not in the first game and surely not this
Too long.
I'm about 80% through replay of first game again just to refresh my memory
Well I'll see it in a year or so when it comes to PC can't wait it's the best place to play these
Only if i could get a ps5 .. can we hang scalpers ? and everybody gets a free ps5 ?
Please let us play as a another protagonist. Aloy is dull as a old penny. Maybe the writing is to blame. As a fan of Anime, Warhammer 40K, D&D and other fantasy and Scifi genres. I know there are AMAZING stories to tell by talented writers. Horizon is all just so safe and bland.
Damn I am so happy they moved from killzone , Now we have a new Playstation Icon .
Did you install on the internal drive or an added SSD? Wondering if the install location can impact asset streaming.
Can’t wait for the skill up Elden ring review
This game world feels like a love letter to the artistic scenery we envisioned as a child on how video games should be. It’s beyond breathtaking can’t imagine how it will look my LG G1 Oled tv. Your statement about sony in the intro is also so much true.
I loved Zero Dawn. Forbidden West is the one game that makes me want a ps5
Subnautica had extreme pop-in and it didn't deter from the amazing game it is.  This looks really good!
What I'm curious about is inventory management. Is it like the first game - limited inventory slots with tons of crafting components? Nobody seems to have an answer.
This is what you get when devs just focus on a single player experience and not fuk around with ongoing live games to milk customers for $$$$. Good stuff.
I will applaud this game for making something new, but I still cannot be less interested in this IP
My mind doesn't want this game, but my fucking eyes do. It's so gorgeous.
Now just to wait until I can get my hands on a PS5....
Damnit. I don't think I'm strong enough to wait til I'm done with Elden Ring to buy this... Way too hyped for both games. I thought Dying Light 2 would hold me over but so far it's not blowing me away. I'm hoping it'll get better and I won't feel the need to get horizon right away. Fuckin first world problems I know.
I'm so torn about purchasing this game, I don't have a ps5 but I got a ps4 pro. I heard that there is no difference in the disc versions for ps5 and ps4 but obviously the consoles are different. Should I get it to Play on the pro or wait to get the ps5?
how much side content is in the game
A few minutes in, I had to put the phone off to the side and just listen to it. Gotta see all this for myself. Sounds amazing.
ive already preordered this
Performance is 1800p 60fps with checkerboard rendering, quality is 4k 30fps
Its not fair to compare Witcher 3 combat against humans with Horizon or Monster hunters combat against Monster. Witcher had excellent combat against monsters, the preparation needed as a witcher to fight a monster you were contracted to kill that youve never fought with isnt one where "you know what to expect"
Ubisoft presents, Monster Hunter: Breath of the Wild
I just finished Horizon Zero Dawn on PC and it immediately became one of my favourite games. Hunting robo-dinosaurs is simply the best, can't wait for this one to get on PC as well.
For horizon three I kinda like the fact that you have to use your focus to find handholds, I just wish that it was universal for all cliff faces right? All cliff faces should have a random assortment of handholds, while the man made one’s will only have specific handholds
Did anyone actually say that Sony would be in the shithouse because of Microsoft's recent acquisitions? I feel that Microsoft is now on a level playing field and is set to ruin Sony's proprietary nature which is just fine by me. Things are looking up in the world.
I appreciate that in all of these reviews, you acknowledge the artistry, where other reviewers treat things as though a monolithic company creates them.  Nah.  It's art.  This is art.
lol more like Shill Up
so that means I need to finish Zero Dawn then? I'm one who gave up after 10 hours, I loved it, but I didn't have the courage for what I expected to be yet another 50 hours grind
Excellent review 👍
Flying.
10 hours is, like, 1-2 weeks of gaming for me. Super tired of the whole, "It gets great in the 3rd season!" stuff. Maybe let your editors give the script another pass or two, huh?
Why did you completely skip past the gyro aim? The greatest innovation to controller aiming that only Nintendo has enjoyed, and it's finally on PlayStation. Legitimately a game changer, I highly recommend you at least toggle it on and try it for a few hours.
2:32 what is that pop-in? That's pretty bad
The PC port releases next week, right?
I really get bored with the combat in HZD (Getting from point A to point B was a chore). If that's one of the strongest points in this one...i'll wait for an offer.  Awesome review, as always.
Why does her hair never stop moving!? Try unseeing that😖
Horizon Zero Dawn was ridiculous in many ways.. Also, Horizon actually bored me.     I tried at least 5x over the years to playthrough the campaign..  and I just couldn't finish it.  -- This must be an awesome game?
lovely review, articulate and thorough as usual, but isn't it a bit of a strange complaint to say that Forbidden West, literally a direct sequel, expects the player to be familiar with the previous game.. do you levy the same criticism at Mass Effect 2, a game you specifically compare to in your review? ..  and do you think you're maybe exaggerating the inconvenience of crafting arrows, which accounts to holding two buttons down for a couple seconds mid-battle to completely refill your reserves?.. if there wasnt a resource gathering system and some basic crafting, enemy encounters would lack significant weight.. you have to be prepared before you take on that Slitherfang, just like Monster Hunter, yeah? .. I get it, you have to levy some criticism or else a small vocal minority in your comment section would accuse you of being a Sony Pony, lol, which is just the worst.. 😏 all jokes aside, cheers Skill^Up, glad you finally came around to the first game and thrilled you enjoyed the second.. I'm curious to see what you consider to be "too sci-fi" though, as the story of HZD is one of my favorite sci-fi storys of all time, and I can't wait to immerse myself back into the most beautiful apocalypse of all-time.. ✌️s
Exciting! And I love that “universal design” where accessibility options both open the game to more people but also improve the experience for everyone. ubiquitous examples IRL are the lever door handles (awesome when you have your hand full) or the Football huddle, which was invented by a deaf university football team that was playing another deaf university team, to hide their signing the plays.
The only problem I have with this game is that Elden Ring comes out a week after it. I've said my goodbyes to my family.
Now I have a reason to buy a PS5 until this point I was happy with my PS4 pro
Cries in non PS5 owner.
Can't wait! Truly a packed month and, I had no plans on getting immersed in Lost Ark.
everybody should take in account how cyberpunk was when it came out and then compare this one to that situation these people are the masters of the game creation universe
Nice review! I was going to go get this without question.. but you gave me some good perspective on this one. An entertaining review is not really about black and white.. buy it or don’t buy it… I now have fully realized they are about recommending to people a good way to approach a game so they end up playing it… and hopefully playing it entirely! Thanks again for another great, and entertaining review!
What's this" jewel sense "that he keeps talking about? 🤔
Thx you're my favorite YouTuber!!!!
"You can expect a silky smooth experience" Bro the last time I heard this, about ANY video game had to have been Breathe of the Wild... it's so stunning I realized every game these days ships badly. It's genuinely been so long since I've heard this about a game I needed to make a comment about it. And I find that really sad
It's so nice that this company didn't naughty rawdog us with a piece of trash like when is Sony's other companies thank God have sucker Punch  bend studios Santa Monica and insomniac to make up for it with this company by giving us what we want and did not agenda awesome channel
No Spoilers??? 4:53...is that Rost????  Sorry.  Love the review, love the channel.  Please censor Rosts long lost twin brother Rosl.
Sounds like days gone you got to play through the first few hours and then it gets good
Let’s keep in mind... this fucking bum gave dying light 2 a recommend..which is honestly the worst game to come out in ages. Take this with a grain of salt. This game looks okay but it’s mostly copy and paste from the first game. Nothing 9.5 about it.
Now release it on PC you cowards.
Their engine is the best in the industry. Hands down.
Classic SHILL-UP is at it again, sucking the ooze off of Sony's pee-Nuss..  can't take this shill seriously anymore. Fanboy grossness was apparent in this review.
Can't wait for this to come out on PC!
The grinding for resources, once you moved to higher level difficulty, you will start paying attention. Enemies take more hits to die, the ammo cost more resources, to the point that you are conscious of that on every shot.  You do not waste shot on higher difficulty, not even when you are farming resources. Actually, ESPECIALLY when you are farming resources since if you do, it takes more resources than you gain farming it, netting you net loss.
This game is going to be terrible on the base PS4.
Finally, another Dino Riders enthusiast, still have a box of action figures somewhere in my attic, one glorious season only and unfortunately on no streaming service...
I really enjoyed the playing through the first one on PC. I'm looking forward to playing this one on PC too in another couple years.
Great review! HZD was my favorite game last gen and one of my favorites of all time. Truly amazing. Can't wait for HFW! I knew it was going to be good in combat (how could it not be, based on HZD). I knew exploration and the environment would be astonishing (because of the Decima engine), and I knew Guerilla's talent would excel on all the other fronts. However, on finishing HZD, i also had a sense that the story for any sequel just couldn't match. It seems they added this sci-fi element, whatever it is, to raise the stakes. Needed maybe, but I agree with you that the best sci-fi is so human-centric. Shame they maybe missed on that. The lead writer they hired who did Fallout New Vegas was so good. They should have kept him (maybe they did? Thought I saw another lead writer though in a featurette?). I expected this story could not match HZD. However, as this was stated to be a trilogy, this could be that sort of messy middle chapter that leads to a truly great ending. We'll see. Thanks for this review!
Played first one and it was really nice, will be waiting for PC version. I have a ps4 but I prefer enjoying this game on PC, still Elden Ring is coming so I will be busy with it and other games. But game looks really nice.
29:15 The melee combat in HZD is jank. Light attacks are too slow, too unwieldly, too unreliable and unresponsive. Getting hit by attacks you thought you dodged is frustrating and makes certain machines and encounters a test of perseverance rather than skill. Heavy attacks had a reasonable windup, speed, and range, but the goddamned button combo required screwed me over more times than I can count. Why does it require two buttons, of which only one is rebindable, and the other is bond to sprint which is a goddamn toggle you rarely think about (until Aloy decided to STOP RUNNING FROM THE KILLER MACHINE for some reason every other second)?  I hope Forbidden West has a better formula for melee combat than Zero Dawn. The bow stuff and traps and bombs is golden.  32:40 I'll definitely take "better" over "the same crap". Definitely the worst part of ZD but not worth dropping the game over. Glad to see they gave it some attention at least.  I'll patiently wait for FW to release on PC like ZD.
I didn't like the first but it's hard to ignore a skill up recommendation.
I don't get some of your review. In one breath  you say something is the worst and then right after you'll say overall it's the best.  Like the combat with Arrows and how it makes you craft like the first game and how terrible it is but then combat is the best.
If there are people still thinking that the dual sense is a gimmick, then one of two things are happening. They've never used one, or they haven't played enough games. Because I played all types of games that utilize this controller greatly. In this controller is a game changer
You’re so right about appreciating when something has this much love and care put into it. The level of creativity and technical achievement in video games like this deserves to be appreciated more than just sticking a number on it at the end. Love it when you say things like this. We should all think more like this. Nothing is ever perfect but my god there are some incredible achievements out there in our world of video games.
I never played the Frozen Wilds,  is that necessary?
Who would you trust to provide a PS4 review - not only for this game, but for upcoming games that you will review the PS5 versions of?  I also wonder how much of your community base are either interested in the differences or would need to know said differences since not everyone has a PS5. I look forward to experiencing haptic feedback sometime in my future - among other advancements and differences.  Have been loving your content, perspectives, opinions, and comedy all these years. Continued successes and growth to you, your family, and your peers!
Dang I wish I could play this game it looks so good!! Why can’t all games be multi platform!!!
Best Game Reporter so far, gives more details (ex: haptic feedback) than other game review sites (IGN), that's important to me. I always come here for a deeper review. thanks Skilly
Thanks for this! I will waiting for the PC release!~
Great review as always, highlights the good while not being afraid of showing the bad.   Did you really enjoy the combat in Zero Dawn that much? I got a little bored of it after a few hours of playing, just felt very monotonous to me. Combat usually went the same way for me in most encounters; place a few traps on the ground, fire blast bombs at machines (maybe an arrow instead to get them to walk into traps, then hit them with more blast bombs to get rid of armor and shoot crit spots with arrows. It only got easier if you had to defend a spot or knew a bunch of enemies were comeing for you. Only ever had an issue if I forgot to scavenge enough materials to craft more ammo, which I completely agree with you on it being a terrible system.    But hearing you say they improved some things has me hopeful, and the game looks GORGEOUS. A definite buy for me, and in the mean time I may have to go back and replay Zero Dawn and see if my opinion of it has changed.
Dammit, I was hopiung it would suck that I would have more time for Eldestiny Week
Myths this game dispels  Myth #1: Releasing titles on both generations will have the unintended consequence of downgrading the PS5 version's graphical fidelity  Myth #2: Aloy 2.0 looks soooooo different (code for de-sexualized, as if that were somehow possible) in this game
The face animations look sooo much better now.  The first game was plagued by bad voice acting with bad facial animations.  It was a struggle to get immersed in the story.  Hopefully this one will be better.
I’m almost done with HZD on PC. Everything you said in this review is what I experienced in HZD. I was just so blown away at how beautiful, fun, and interesting the game is. The fact that HFW improves on this has me sooooo jealous of those with a PS5.
aahh...im so hyped for this game. cant wait to get in ten years time on my PC.......yaay....urgh.
Am I the only one that hates adaptive triggers?
I love you
The Dino Riders reference got me good.
Skill Up: When the history of this console generation is written, this will be one of the ones we talk about. Me: that was beautiful, man *teary-eyed*  Skill Up: You ever lose your wallet? Me: *cries more*
That pop-in is a little much I must say. I understand what you mean about being able to appreciate the rest of the game, but thats a serious distraction that a lot of players wont be able to ignore, so they really need to get on top of it. Same as the frame rate drop.
This is the first game that has made me want a PS5 however all previous attempts to secure one failed miserably. Then EB drops a PS5 preorder yesterday for pickup on the same day this game releases.....and I managed to actually secure one....hell yeah, bring it on!
I bounced off the original really hard. It just never grabbed me. I hope this one is different
so what if you use headphones? do the haptic feedback controllers still work as intended?
you can never have "too much sci-fi" ....
Xbox will never have a chance against Playstation when theres games like Horizon...
Consoooooom
This looks great, and I was going to pick it up to play the week before Elden Ring is released... but then I saw this:  Horizon Forbidden West Launch Edition - PlayStation 5 ESRB Rating: Teen | Feb 18, 2022 | by PlayStation PlayStation 5 $69.99  Pre-order Price Guarantee.  FREE delivery This item will be released on February 18, 2022.   PlayStation 4 $59.99  Pre-order Price Guarantee.  FREE delivery This item will be released on February 18, 2022.  PS4 version - normal price. PS5 version - $10 premium because uh... because... I guess a "fuck you" charge? It's the same game, so $10 convenience fee to set a few graphics settings from medium to high?  What the christ, Gorilla Games? Guess I'll do the same thing I did with Returnal, wait until the price drops in a year or so and then just forget about it entirely and instead buy games that don't charge arbitrary amounts for literally nothing.
Thanks for always being so absolutely thorough in your reviews. I really appreciate it.   They're definitely some of the most well presented and well rounded ones out there. They're GREAT for making an informed choice before I buy a product.  I've been looking forward to this game for ages. I happy that it's a product worth my time.
What’s Sam doing these days?
I just want to play and see just how much further Ted Faro fucked things up.
Why no reviewers talk about audio and music in detail as you do about visuals?
Skillup, have you rebuild your database in safe mode after installing forbidden west? Also, set RGB to limited, because it darkens and blurs images. Set your TV to sports mode and turn the judder reductions to max, noise reduction to off and led clear motion to off.
The way you played it.  Is the way i played Zero Dawn  😅  I still think the ps5 should/cluld have gotten more than 8gb of vram Robot racing !!!!!!!!
Way better review than the last one I watched :D
Shame they didn't remove or refine the insane amount of looting. The perk were you pick ingredients automatically when you pass them should be made available at lvl 1 or a toggle in the options.
33:51 I actually could not make myself play new game plus in first Horizon since I couldn't bear the idea of clicking on all those twigs and health plants while playing it again. That really wore on me toward the end...
in other words... this will slap in a year or two when its on PC.. lmao
I donno, I can go back to Zero Dawn at any time and it still feels solid. If i'd not played Mass Effect when it first came out and I had to go back and play it on a ps3, I wouldn't understand why anyone liked it.
oh man the "i've seen thing" line, you killed me ! perfect !
I am guessing my fingers will get really worn out with the haptics in this one.
Actiblizz was JUST acquired whereas Horizon was in development for a while. None of Microsoft's acquisitions have even announced their signature projects so it's too early to call any speculation unwarranted. Premature maybe but not immediately unwarranted.
I wish I could play this on the series x. sigh. Bring on the day when all games can be played on all platforms.
This game sounds like everything biomutant wanted to be
I would get this game, if only I can get a ps5 since its always out of stock
Is it just me, or is Aloy crosseyed? Every cutscene I've seen, especially from the first game, makes me cringe.
Who else is sick of not being able to play ps5 games over a year after the console's launch?
Gonna watch the review because I bounced of the first game HARD. The side quests, the npcs where atrocious to me and I hated how restricted movement was with Alloy not being able to jump over a big rock properly if that did not had grappable surfaces. Edit: Not even 20 minutes in and it seems like my biggest problem with movement are already gone.
I’m wondering as a person playing through HZD for the first time and is kinda struggling to enjoy it and see the praise, is this game a big enough improvement for me to enjoy it more?
Hey guys, there are many cutscene compilations on YouTube, for zero dawn, if you’re like me and haven’t played it since it launched in 2017… I highly recommend. It was nice to revisit those memories; I had forgotten just how good the story was…
The measuring stick is so different when it comes to Sony games. To criticize other games, throwing shit at it, is usual. Other games with this kind of popping wouldn't get praise like yours. Even if the game is just as good. Sony fans are not the most critical people when it comes to evaluating and neither are the press, where people who are Sony fans work, or who are being paid to have good reviews. If you don't believe me read the first impressions of Destruction All Star, they spoke wonders about it. And I'm not saying this game isn't wonderful, because it is. But the media is very hypocritical. Sony is forgiven by everyone in everything like launching a broken game at 80 euros.
Already pre order thanks for the review 🤣💯
PC gamers all pray a release comes sooner than later!
with all this going on with the control my $10000 question is how does it last? this sounds like a plugged in type of game
Skill Up, can you turn on auto loot for bushes and berries? Would be nice if you could just walk near them and grab em.
I don’t even own a ps5 And i appreciate this review.
Should have I played the first game to have fun and maybe understand the story of this iteration?
ive missed your reviews so much
Zero Dawns story was the biggest surprise to me. Not a lot of people seem to talk about it but I LOVED it. Something about the setting being in a distant future Earth, following a major apocalypse of modern society, and how the human remnants still alive in that world fit into the typical high fantasy castes. I loved their explanation for how the world became what it is. It's not just robot dinosaurs with missile launchers for the sake of being metal. It's one of my favorite sci-fi post apocalyptic stories in general. Can't wait for forbidden West!
Alloy’s hair looks more brown than red, 0/10 will not buy
Pretty sure someone mentioned the developers took heavy influence to monster hunter and being a monster hunter fan...I can't wait
Anyone know if there's big woke elements? I don't mind females in my games at all I just don't want specific modern-woke commentary or politics. I played as Claire in RE2, made female characters in RPGs, and played a bunch of other female lead games and love a ton of female lead movies. I am just saying this because I know there's always those who get offended. >_>
why is your writing so good that it makes me wanna cry? and about a video game i havent even played the first installment of???
From gameplay demos and teasers i was expecting step up from original like mass effect 2 did, you just confirmed it, now i have 3 very hard days ahead :D
Dam this looks good. Really hope it comes to PC too eventually
The only review I care about. ❤️ already sold on it.
Well of course shilling will help
Just watching your reviews regardless of the ratings itself is a joy and full of heart. Its very difficult to always maintain that care and passion into reviews for all games you want to review.
Awesome… and… Elder Ring is coming.
I am from California and I can say it really does look like this
I was about to watch Yong's video but i stopped and thought " Naw if im gonna watch a review about a game I'm not gonna  play it's  gotta be that eloquent bastard shillup." Plus you uploaded first lol.
Guess Ill play it in 2025
Looks great too bad its coming out so close too elde ring
Wait you can't craft ammo from the weapon wheel anymore?
I didn't realise people were still using the red-headed stepchild reference anymore. It's getting so old.
I played the first game just a couple of months ago for the first time and i was blown away by the gameplay, but most of all the story and character development! I didn’t even know they’re a Dutch developer which makes it extra special as a Dutch myself..  i’m going to wait till i have a PS5 to play this sequel..
yet another one ME2 comparrison
It's good games are being developed this way and they're putting effort into something instead of just being money hungry. I don't appreciate the continued mishandling of errors and bugs in games these days which is still something developers struggle with and is always just about rushing something out the gate. To be completely honest though I just don't like the characters, themes, story or environment. I feel like it's all been done before, like you're playing Assassin's creed but now you're an Amazonian woman in a prehistoric era with random future tech injected into it. I just can't bring myself to think this is a game to remember, it's so generic. But again, I will say it's well developed and they put a good amount of effort into it. So I'll commend them but I still can't get over the glaring issues with the overall concept of the game.
I always tell people if they play the first game that they need to read a lot of the lore in the game because that really builds out The whole world to completion. You really learn about the people who worked on the project to try to save the world, their different personalities and weird quarks, and why they did what they did at the end of the day. It really changed the way I looked at the first game.
I blinked at 6:21 and missed the building popping in, and I thought I blacked out for a second before the scene transitioned or something.
6:18 WTF?
Wow this was a really good review. I smiled when you referenced Mass Effect 1 and 2. That was sweet. I've been worried this game wouldn't be as good as the first one, but I'm feeling better.
20:00 - I think this crystallizes why I could never review my favorite games normally.  It'd be tough to rush through a game I really wanted to take time to enjoy.  Awesome to have the resources for consumers though, and definitely important knowledge.  Thanks for your exhaustive reviews, as always!
Would you recommend playing in 4k or performance mode?
"There is no better combat in any open world video game than this combat right here." Just give it two weeks until Elden Ring is released lol
Can we move the camera in settlements in photomode??
Sucks that I'm gonna have to rush through this before Destiny 2 Witch Queen comes out on the 22nd. I assume Skillup will do a review of that as well.
Funny that Digital foundry don't say much about the pop-in, I have to test it by my self on my ps5 when mi copy arrives ,🤓
YES! Thank you for validating all our preorders! Really happy about the news! WOOOHOOOO!! Also when you mentioned Dino riders. that brought me back. Loved that cartoon!
When you say you should play the first...does that include frozen wilds expansion? I never got around to tackling that?
Cheers for another review bub, excited for this one!  Thanks to Austin too,  Stay safe and take care x
Game got me like ZZZ
In the first game I think I threw in nearly 50 or 60 hours because I was so determined to go everywhere. It was the first open world game that captured me that much. Ghost of Tsushima came pretty close to that feeling. I hope this one can grab me like that
Exploration with "so long, I'm hang gliding"? Yeah. I'm in.
Skillup: "You don't know shit in monster hunter"  Veteran hunters who have studied the wiki "Uhmmm"
So is it fine to start with the Hard mode and go on Very Hard for second time for experienced ZD players? 🧐
I really wanted to finish Zero Dawn b4 jumping into this... But..  Now that i watched reviews... Thaaaaaaaat's gonna be hard to do. I might just abandon Zero Dawn and play this.
This or Elden Ring will be contenders for "Game of the Year" and we're only February! Holy Crap!
Should I play the 1st one b4 this one?
The comment about being distracted by clothing made me laugh at the thought of Aloy doing the same. "...huh, what? Oh, sorry. You... You look like a bird."
Great review mate. I'm super glad that you love it because HZD was amazing, and I've been hanging out for this
Speaking of open world combat, SkillUp have you ever tried Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen?? That game is SCREAMING for a sequel
I'm not often ''Proud of my country'' (The Netherlands, where this game was made and where i'm from) because its just bullcrap and we are all here together in this world. But not gonna lie this make me a little bit proud.
So I'm wondering how this game is a 9.5 or 10 with all these issues and shortcomings..
Yay for accesibillity!
wow, Sony invented gameplay trainers and mods capability on a console. future is here.
watching this review and seeing how good this game is made me happy, not because im a huge horizon fan but despite of all the shit we have now in the gaming industry we still have games that prove gaming is still worth it
ACG used to be my go-to for game reviews. After discovering this channel I find myself going there less and less. For certain games I'll watch both, but skill-up is def my 1st choice these days.
One thing I saw that made me SO sad is the looting...having to stop for each loot is rough man, after Ghost to Tsushima's smooth looting, this is gonna be annoying. I wonder why they decided to keep it this way
I would love it if they could add gyro/motion aiming
I loved horizon zero dawn and dlc I also preordered this can’t wait to play on Friday I know it comes out Thursday evening but I work so Friday will be a lot of fun
Shill up.
I'm sad to see the pop in being so dramatic, when Zero dawn launched I was so impressed that the team built their own engine where rendering was happening only in view and right outside peripheral edge so that pop in and resolution was lost and frame rate was stable. To me, this just shows they let the engine get a little outdated for the modern tech. I'm sure they will work it out with updates and it isnt a deal breaker, just a point of interest.
Pop-in is a serious problem??? On PS5? What the actual f**k?? That's a dealbreaker. Me no buy.
I wish I had a PS5
Such a bummer melee is still bad in this one. I wish they would have added new melee weapons too. Guess I'll suffer through with it and also use explosive javelins to help out.
They've changed her face. Looks non-binary now. Woke Sony can't help themselves 🤦‍♀️
Lostark review pls :D
That pop in at @6:20 is really bad. The game isn't a huge leap from the first so what happened?
The second video that compared ME 1 and 2 to Zero Dawn and Forbidden West, well said!
So what's up with literally everybody drawing analogy to Mass Effect 2. Coincidence? I don't think so...
2:00 Why are these people cosplaying as motherfucking Pikachu ?
Should I bother getting this on my PS4 Pro or wait till I get the PS5?
The point of the crafting ammo was to have a set number of resources and the ability to leverage the resources to define the attack strategy since the resources were shared between the ammo types.  Doing so would allow you to focus on particular resources to fit your fight style. Like gathering additional wood to compensate for using the Rattler which takes a ton of wood.
32:38  Skillup: "It still feels like the *red-headed stepchild* of range combat..." Aloy: "... and I took that personally."
Suckered punch, Santa Monica studios, insomniac, guerrilla games. These are all Sony. I don't see how xbox can win game wars with these juggernauts.
Woah, that "pop -in" is atrocious. It's so bad that I think calling it pop-in is being kind. Those examples you showed have to be bugs surely??
Shill up joining the crew that automatically gives Sony games a positive review despite their many flaws and repetitive nature
To my fellow pc only players, we take this fat L for this one but in time this L shall be retracted.  So disappointed in Sony for not releasing this day and date on pc.
Ah yes a fellow Dino riders fan
One of the few new games I have even the most remote interest in playing.
This review is fair but to me Horizon is what Anthem developers should of taken inspiration from. I am glad I have played horizon zero dawn and the expansion. I got so into it I keep going  back and playing side missions I have not yet completed and lose hour's even weekends, worth it for me compared to other games I play, including destiny 2.
Buggy and poor optimisation creating pop-ins destroys immersion. It's obvious the game is not ready. Sony pushed to release the game because it's been half a year since PlayStation had a game out.
Thanks for spoiling the ending for the first game for me. Then recommending for new players to play the first game a few sentences later. Dick move bro, dick move.
The second review that asks if you are ok with bugs then you would love this game. I say no a bug is a bug no matter how you try to hide it or accept it. I am already turn off and will wait for the pc port not worth playing now and accepting bugs. It's a singleplayer game so I will miss nothing by waiting. I could not finish the video review it was like a bad car salesman, don't worry about that look at this instead. Lol
One could say that mass effect had a massive effect on me.
Sony studios are cream of the crop.
man i wish i had a ps5
Interesting comments about the first game I totally disagree with. I loved the first 15 hours and once I got to the desert I wanted to quit. I didn’t really see any point in continuing. In fact I didn’t really like the main story at all. But when I played the DLC I loved it. The weapons, quests, and characters were far better. Then with new game plus the combat was finally balanced and with the better weapons the game was a lot more fun. But all that desert stuff was a slog for me. A lot of annoying characters compared to the first 15 hours I found a lot more compelling. I spend most of my time in the Sacred Lands and Frozen Wilds. I fast travel across the desert.
Since the gameplay reveal, I suspected the melee combat would still feel disappointing. Still looks to feel too slow, floaty and unresponsive with poor impact registration...  I'd hoped the spear would at least feel more like an actual spear and less like a sword. I may not have expected God of War combo variety or Dark Souls precision, but some weapon variety and being able to block/parry (energy shields?)...would be amazing.  Still looks incredible despite my Top 3 Improvements Wishlist remaining unrealised.  3. *_Navigation / Free-climbing / Parkour_* (Dynamic environmental dodge/evasion opportunities)  2. *_Horizon-Themed_* versions of missing *_Weapon Archetypes_* - Sword, Axe & Shield + Sci-fi gun analogues---(AR, SMG, Shotgun)  1. Aforementioned *_Melee Combat Overhaul_*
big up sony now i have to spend my tax return on a 4k display to look at this game not upscaled (1440p sufferer reporting in)
Likes like another boring open world game
I’m torn between getting the game now and playing on my PS4 Pro and waiting until I get a PS5 or the PC release
I do not own a ps5 so I'm bitter.
The most important question is : can we turn the lens flare and bloom off ?
Play 10 hours before it gets interesting? No, thank you!
500 dollar console.. hahaha good one mate
This dude is a massive shill. You can hear it in his voice
Than Monster Hunter reference, well, I was not interested on MHW until I played Horizon Zero Dawn. Horizon game me the just great feeling it is to beat a big foe, I went to MHW and although it's different, it helped me appreciate it and play it for more than 650 hours. Now it's time to play HFW again and I am really happy.
While I haven't played the game seeing that mechanic for climbing seems like the best iteration you could make for real rock climbing. A rock with a seemingly sheer face can be climbable by someone with the right skill and a good eye for hand holds. good grips can often time look invisible if you aren't looking for it
Best review I've watched yet, thanks a lot!
Horizon Zero Dawn is the only game I ever 100% completed, can't wait to get into this one!
I wish I could afford a $70 game. Let alone a $500 console.
whyd they make her face fat and ugly..
On a real note though, I’m thrilled to see so many good reviews for Horizon Forbidden West. Some of my fears were confirmed but I’m not worried too much. Skill always has some of the very best reviews. That, in particular, includes the Nier Automata review! Good, informative video as always. 👍🏾.
Zero dawn was one of my fav games of all time. I’ve dusted off the ps4 and preordered and your review now makes me want to convince the wife to buy a ps5. Thanks Ralph
You're like the only person I ever heard to complain about the mid-battle crafting. I personally feel like it's better than going to a pause screen and stopping the action entirely. You hating it seems like a personal gripe imo. To each his own though.
I disagree man. You ALWAYS know when the monsters on Monster Hunter World are going to interrupt your fight. At the VERY worst possible time!!!
Man I hope they back-port those accessibility options to the first one. I want to love it, but I do have disabilities and I just couldn't get around the fidgety robot combat to the point where it was more frustrating then fun, and not for a lack of skill or commitment, but physical limitations..
24:31 !!!!!!!!!! Far Zenith confirmed! So excited
Great month so far.   Dying Light 2 was atleast ok from what I have rrad and seen.   Horizon Forbidden West seems to ne truly great.  And then there is still Elden Ring next week, save best for last? We will see how it compares.   Anyways it's nice that some good games release for once without some major shitstorm surrounding them (the controversy around DL2 wasn't that big imo, hence I don't count it)
It's very unfortunate for any pc owners that recently fell in love with the game to either get a Ps5 or wait out the timed exclusivity to experience this.
HZD’s side quests could have used some work, and some of the main characters didn’t really leave an impression on me either, so I’m looking forward to what they do different this time.
In regards to your biggest gripe with the game, I'm not sure why it's a complaint.   Unless the complaint is just that your arrow satchel should just be larger.    For me, it reminds me I have other arrors to use and it forces (or reminds you) to either try different weapons or craft SOMETHING ELSE with your resources.       It's not a survival horror game. We don't need to actually watch Aloy crafting more arrows.      I like having to find the resources to make arrows.
I hate the bright yellow lines on the entire cliff face it spoils the environment I feel if it was only visible in the imidiate area around aloy as you climb that would be fine...
The thing that bugs me in Horizon is the weird hair dreadlock physics, they look so strange floating and bouncing around like they do 😬
Sorry but TW3 combat is far more sophisticated and has much more depth then GOT...
I want to love your reviews so much but my word they’re too long! Can you make a 5 minute version?
Please tell me you weren't paid for the review. I've looked at a lot of reviews in different languages today and they're all pretty much the same. The main thing is that I counted more than 15 reviews that talk about mass effect 2 in the horizon reviews. What's it? Hive mind? 15 times?
Just imagine if this was made on UE5… it’s the natural next progression.  Hope it happens in 2 years
The dualsense is literally the PS5 as far as I'm concerned. It's sensory immersion is unparalleled.
wow that pop in was worst then GTA 5 on the 360 and ps3. and this is on a m2 ssd.
This will be long to wait for the pc launch BUT you sell it for me. The first one was meh for me... after TW3... BUT this one seem to be the new TW3.   Great one, like always. Good job.
I wont watch the review because I don't want spoilers of any kind but I'm glad to see the title! I was planning on playing it anyway but this just excites me even more! <3
Too bad assassins creed didn’t make something like this instead of Valhalla
Yep. I loved the first game but hated the crafting and looting aspect of it. It just felt like filler content in an otherwise good game.  Kinda disappointed that they still have that in the sequel.
Love your work man 👍
I love the survival management aspects :(
Dino riders was the absolute shit 🙌🏼
Or boy gave us a 38 minute video on Valentine’s Day for all the single people. A mensch.
I trust your reviews enough that the title alone sold me.  Guess that really speaks to the quality of your channel.
Once I heard the first 4 minutes,  I'd heard enough. I dont want to see anymore gameplay or machines. I want to experience and see it all for myself after I finish Dying Light 2.
This is easily my most anticipated game of the year. I took a while to get the first game, waiting until it was bundled with the DLC. I’m not a fan of open world games because they’re usually just so empty and lifeless, and they just bore me while I would rather just advance the main story and be done. Horizon: Zero Dawn is one of the few exceptions because it’s just so dense and filled with life, and each little explorable tangent actually feels worthwhile. I actually really enjoyed the sidequests too, especially Waterlogged from the Frozen Wilds DLC, which I often state as my favorite sidequest in any game. To top off how much this broke the open world mold for me, I ended up getting the platinum, and the only part of it I didn’t enjoy was the hunting grounds. Everything else was just a complete blast to get through, and if this sequel pull me in even half as well as the original, I’m going to be having a blast.
No, Pop-in must be fixed, that giant building coming out of nowhere is not cool. With this SSD, this shouldn't be an issue, I'm sure this can be patched
Christ, I thought the first one was just ok, but I may have to pick this up as a showcase for the ps5 on my LG
So tire of video games being Try-Hard cinematic features .  I could never get into the last Horizon because of the constant interruptions in gameplay and apparently this one is even more guilty of that
I'll wait for the complete edition
It's honestly kinda crazy that you're not at 1mil yet.
Now I just wish I could get these new consoles
Too sci fi? I'm so in!
Awesome review. It looks like the game I've been looking forward to playing.
I hope he isnt overstating everything here. I watched Fextralife's review and there seem to be quite a few issues with the game (not just technical).
Such horrendous noticeable pop-in is an instant immersion killer, but it's not an issue?! OK.. Some "standard" this guy has. Total fanboy
Very excited for this game... but I never finished the first! Ugh! Do I need to? As to dual-sense, I think the only people who think the haptics and triggers aren't a big difference are those who have never used it. Complete game changer and whenever I use my PS4 or XSX i wish I was using the PS5 controller with its bells and whistles instead.
Also save money purchase ps4 version get free ps5 upgrade
Can't wait to play Monster Hunter!
Guerrilla is making huge strides, when it comes to foliage density. Forbidden West looks visually awe-inspiring, even the extra power in the PS5 GPU has enabled Guerrilla to deliver an animated volumetric sky  Now this gives me more of an incentive to abuse photo mode
Damn. We got Kanye at 1:21 and Pikachu at 1:55
I love these reviews. Mostly since some of the takes are so differetn from how I see it. See I felt like the crappy melee combat in Horizon Zero Dawn was a feature rather than a problem. I would imagine as a hunter and not a warrior she would have spent most of her time using the bow and not really using the spear as a melee weapon and as such she would not be good with melee. Kind of like how in monster hunter if you use the bow you do have a melee attack but it is basically useless and you kind of sometimes forget it is even there.
Definitely doesn’t feel like the score matches the review for me. Nearly every facet of this game seems to have some obvious flaws, and I got to the end of this review feeling like the score doesn’t belong any higher than a 7.5. Then again, I guess that’s just a matter of what we deem important in games.  Either way, I’m glad this review is so in-depth, and I can’t help but be impressed by the quality and scope of videos you guys consistently pump out.
Her hair has no weight. Like it's got a mind of it's own. Bothers me.
Happy to hear this game has more of what I loved so much about the first one, the sense of wonder and wanting to explore. I guess I can bust out my PS5 finally. It's been sealed in my closet since last April 😅
I think the answer to all your 'how do you...?' questions at the end, is you don't pay CEO's 10's or even 100's of millions of dollars every year for scamming their customers with recycled cr@p... whilst stating "games cost so much to make man" we need micro transactions too.... Pay the right people the right money!!!
I enjoyed watching this review more than I probably enjoy the game itself.
33:00 the damage done here by the melee attacks is pathetic, even the base melee of Zero Dawn did considerable damage to smaller und medium-sized machines. Let's just hope that Skill Up was just badly equipped here or, in case he wasn't, that the melee gets buffed.
You've almost convinced me to get a PS5 lol  If only Sony released a next gen Wipeout game...
Is this game good enough for someone who couldn’t get into the first game to try again?
Great. I guess I’ll have to charge my controller every 2 hours of play now. My DS controller battery is terrible. If there is pop in on the PS5 people are gonna eat that up. So much for PS5 faster than Xbox 😂 I own both so I get to make fun of both and people in the “console war” BS
Bro wtf, you've had the game this whole time?! Talking like you can't wait to play it only a few days ago!
First game was bland after 10 hours and this looks identical. Fuck open world games
I hate sci fi techno babble in anything, movies, games, books… but this looks so great I’m gonna give HZD another chance, I was one of those who bounced off it
I honestly didn’t really like the first game but I wanna try this one.
Wtf the best combat system ... this is ridiculous
Well this is a relief this is turning into a great February
Wait a fucking minute. Robot Mario KART TYPE RACING?! Nahnahnah I need this yesterday
🤡Twitter Randoms be like: But is it worth $60? Does it match up with The Last of Us 2?🤡
I’ve been gaming for 3 decades, primarily a PC player but I’ve owned every Xbox console until this generation. Never a Sony one, BUT, if were to get a console now it’d be PS5. For one reason: they keep churning out incredible single player experiences. I hope Sony doesn’t lose focus on this because it’s the sole reason I’ll probably be buying a PlayStation for the first time in 30 years.
Wait, no fishing?
man, i watched digital foundry's review and they didnt have anywhere NEAR the popin you showed and they showed that same building even from a distance, they even called the game a masterclass in graphics... so i guess mileage may vary?
Potential GOTY indeed!
That’s probably some of the most egregious pop in I’ve ever seen in a triple A title. 😳
Can't believ the PS5 does't have the hardware to run this smoothly in 1080p/60fps without the dlss-ish tec and major pop-in oO
I am like you bro, 30fps lulz 😅 Thank you for a great video dude 😁👍
it looks great. It's a shame tho, I remember Zero Dawn came out a week before Breath of the Wild so I didn't touch it for a couple months. Now Forbidden West comes out a week before Elden Ring...so I'm probably not going to touch this for a couple months
I'm actually hyped for all the technobabble scifi stuff, that was my favorite part of the first game!
Hey I didn't know Childish Gambino was in the game. Hype.
Neat. Im more excited for it now but it is gonna have to wait till after Sifu and Elden Ring tho
Thorough as always.
Stopped watching when I saw it was a PS only title :(
I really liked the review, but allow me to disagree on two points. I've played Horizon Zero Dawn last year so game is pretty fresh in my head and I gotta say that combat is not "the best" in this game. I wouldn't even say it is that good. The fact that you can be attacked anywhere at anytime really inders the discovery side of things. Unlike Monster Hunter, the lack on a lock-on makes it complicated to melee the enemy, and melee is a LOT better than trying to shot something(s) that never stops moving. The absent mini-radar and proper telegraphs (despite the sound signals) just aren't enought to cope fighting multiple enemies at the same time, sometimes with great variety, and changing weapons is not intuitive or easy. On another note, in the story I much prefer the sci-fi side of things. Figuring out what happened and how it happened, even why it happened was the real hook for me. The "human" side of things, altough important for Aloy to grow as a character were not the main focus. At least not for me. So yes, I wanna know more about the "disaster" and "the machine rise" and the involvement of Zavala (lol) in it. Everything else, exploration, world building, discoveries, cauldrons, ZOIDS (not Dino Riders), and even just playing Aloy is all top in my book. Cannot wait to play this sequel and thank you very much for all your hard work. Going thru a pandemic while raising a little girl and still delivering top content is really something. Much appreciated.
I LOVE sci-fi techno-babble...can't wait to play this game.
Halo got lit on fire for having mildly detectable pop-in during there demo. Among other things obviously…Craig. Could you imagine if Halo had pop-in that bad?
Skill up your killing me XD, i watch the first 10 seconds to see what you rated it and now i cant wait to play it. I want to watch your video real bad but im going into HFW dark but youtube makes it hard. Will be back to watch when im done
Gathering materials in the open world sucks ass so much if it doesn't have an auto pick up option. Or better yet. Make materials and crafting limited to a 1 time things with the exception of ammo.
Remember when that idiot on G4 said Playstation is dead in the water??? HIII Horizon
Where’s your elden ring review huh? 🤔
SkillUp, you criticized Halo Infinite for having side quests/areas that were great but could be skipped, saying the resources that the devlopers spend on that should have been spend on the main game. Yet you give this game praise for doing the exact same thing.
The one element of the first game I didn't like was the story (even though I guess that includes a lot of elements from voice acting to characterizations to plot).  The idea that this one might be "too sci fi" for some is making me interested, though. Hopefully we're talking "too sci fi" like The Moon is a Harsh Mistress and not Independence Day, though.  EDIT: Just finished watching. Doesn't look like it's the good kind of "too sci fi." Skill Up is talking about floods of bogus tech and terminology for their own sakes, not examinations of humanity's future.
I’m happy that this game is truly good. The way you described it reminds me of how I felt with TLOZ: Breath of the Wild. Is it perfect? No. Is there pop-in? Yes…..oh yes there is. Do I care? Nope.
The way you describe the exploration and side content sounds like Guerrilla games is the first other studio to have finally cracked daddy Todd's secret Elder Scrolls sauce
just because of the look of the character, playing this game makes me sick lol
Cannot wait to get my hands on Horizon FW
They hired one of the quest designers from CDProjekt Red who worked on The Witcher 3, so it's no suprise the side stuff is so good here.
Horizon Zero Dawn was one of the most sublime gaming experiences I've ever had.  "GAIA: If you had had a child, Elisabet, what would you have wished for him or her?  Elisabet Sobeck: I guess... I would have wanted her to be... curious. And willful - unstoppable, even... but with enough compassion to... heal the world... just a little bit."  This turned me into a puddle.  Couldn't stop the tears.  And here I am, typing this, tears welling up again.
Superb review   Edit: and video editing
Congrats on 800k man
Can we talk about how god damn good Aloy looks! They did a great job creating her.
Finished the first one last year on my RTX 3090. I can't wait to play this one in a couple years. It's nice that PS exclusives are coming slowly to PC.
The real question is was is smart to release this so close to Elden Ring?  Titan Fall 2 was amazing game but it picked the worst release date; Battlefield 1 releasing around the same time.
I'm so psyched for this game.
ubisoft is criying right now !
cant wait to play it in a few years when it comes to pc
Not a fan of adaptive triggers in FPS or fighting games but in RPGs, racing games, and pretty much every other genre, they are great!
But, is it woke a shit?
Yeah you didn't sell this as a 9.5 at all. It sounds like a great game but with gimmicky and small changes from the groundbreaking original. The only reason it's not fatiguing is we don't get a Horizon game ever year.
for the algorithm
I was and still am (haven't played Forbidden West yet) anxious about the story, as Zero Dawn was a perfectly closed storyline in itself. I'll see.  Also Mako > Hammerhead/Nomad!
As if waiting for Friday wasn’t enough, now my most trusted reviewer praises the game like this? Going to be a long few days lol.
9.5? Bullsh*t, Aloy's grapple animation is recycled so it's clearly a 1/10
Can't wait for Elden Ring to drop when you have too take back all the Open World claims you have made in this Video.
The fact that HZD was so dense and cramped is what i didn’t like about it so you aren’t selling me on that front and i’m concerned now but everything else sounds great.
Fuck you Feb horizon elden ring witch queeeennn,🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔 maybe but horizon and elden ring I don't have enough time in my day plus being a dad I don't have a life now
The level of pop-in you're seeing here is absolutely a bug. Also doesn't seem to be occuring on every PS5.
I feel like I'm stating the obvious but to the consumer a studio like gorilla is infinitely more valuable than a publisher like activision
I'm enjoying dying light 2 alot right now. I already finished the game but I'm still playing. And I have a feeling this game will be just as fun.
I platinumed the first game, and it was the reason I purchased a PS4 to begin with. Now here I am again,  finally getting my hands on a PS5 and the headset literally just to play this game.   Then I see this review from the beloved SkillUp,  and as I brace myself for a harsh critique I am then blessed with everything I wanted to hear and more. Thank you SkillUp. Thank you Guerilla Games. Thank you Sony. Everyone,  for making this experience possible.
I give this review: gay/10
“Someone who loved the first game” straight away that only showed me I wasn’t going to like this. That first game was a boring slog.
The idea of machine dinos is so beyond dumb.  Will never play this series.
Knowing that cyberpunk  got a lots of 10 and forza 5 a car game got a more score sound  quite unfair  but ok lets expect fans trully give it the score HFW deserve yeah to me 93 or 95 is more realistic.
I won’t get this on ps4, I’ll wait for the pc version but this is just great news, hzd 1 was good and it deserved a sequel, after all the crap in gaming the last few years this is what we deserve
As a disabled person, I'm glad to hear about Accessibility Options, as these can literally mean the difference betwixt being able to play a game or not for some of us.  Thanks for both covering & encouraging!!
I really have to question skill ups credibility as a reviewer. Right at the start of the video he gives this game a 9.5 but then through out his review he points out numerous things that could have, should have, been much better.  How is this a 9.5? That score represents this game is nearly perfect yet it clearly has flaws at multiple levels that he points out. This game is an 8, 8.5 at best.  Too many reviewers are way to generous with their praise of games. I guess we know why his nickname is shill up and rightfully earned.
I dont think scores should include minor bugs and stuff you know will be patched out relatively soon. Devs constantly update games, but reviewers rarely update scores. A really good game might be pushed out a few weeks early, and bugs can doom the entire game and company into mediocrity. A score between 5-7 is pretty rough.   I know games are choppy day one, I usually wait a week or two to play games, I don't hold that against them. I'm impatient for the product, and I want the game yesterday, but willing to wait a week or so for a patch. Idk, just my opinion. I'm sure it's wrong tho haha
Gosh I wish had a PS5 for this.
kinda disappointed in the choice of keeping the climbing restricted and guided
This game is gonna take me 100 hours to finish with the amount of stuff there is lol.
Thanks for the review. This was really well done!
Your the chillest video ive seen today about horizon just subscribed (:
I am not looking forward to the following decision: Fidelity mode, or performance mode?? I'm leaning toward fidelity, but the smooth 60 FPS of performance is so nice...maybe they'll add a performance RT mode like spider-man did
It's unfortunate that the game releases a week before Elden Ring. I'll skip it for now and play it after having finished Elden Ring.
I'm going to assume it's trash on PS4. LIke CyberPunk. Kind of weird of you to only review on a console that nobody can get. It hasn't been on store shelves in like a year and a half.
From all the reviews I've watched this game seems pretty meh. The first ten hours out of 30 are not great The story is not great The climbing is not great. Others have said the melee combat is not tight. The camera can get in the way of combat. Other reviews have said the map is full of activities that are not fun. The loot system is really bad. Worse of all the game has a ridiculous amount of glitches. It's a shame bc the first one was ok but had issues, this one just seems more of the same. Both are gonna average out as 8's.
Looks nice but did they really fix the story part of this game? The first games story was so boring and so generic
Jesus christ, this game loads buildings after 30 seconds that you stand in front of them and has severe frame rate drops that can ONLY be solved restarting the game, a story that "doesn't work" AND IT'S A 9/10?   This Is just bullshit.
343 get your sh*t together because I would love to have Skill Up gush over Infinite as much as he did in this video.
Gonna just wait to play this on PC in a few years at like 200 fps.
Amazing review, hyyyyppeeeddd
I really don’t like when I have to play first 10 hours to get to the better part of the game. Actually, Daikatana gets better after first chapter, but no one gave a shit about it. And I reeeeeally don’t like that Bioware comparison. I generally do not doubt skill up, but when nearly every game journo rephrased comparisons to Mass Effect (and unless we have group of companions interactions with story during gameplay it simply cannot be correct), and then I hear something along those lines here, bad suspicions arise…
I'll be playing Elden Ring this month. If this were available on PC, I would be playing Elden Ring much later. Shame, that.
i hope some day it will be on PC as well
Awesome review.  Finally played Zero on PC and enjoyed it.  Was on the fence about Forbidden West but if SkillUp praises something this much I'll have to give it a go.  Thanks as always!  Also, your voiceovers are so so quality.  Like, perfect.
I'm rubbing my nipples as you speak.
Garbage game. Elden Ring GOAT.
What graphics card you running this on?
Oh yeah right. But no thanks.
damn I got goosebumps twice while watching this :)  the grind is gonna piss me off, but I'm still looking forward to at least play this for a while.  EDIT: After five hours in the game, the Girlfriend Review and Dunkey's "review", I gotta say I'm a bit surprised by this review praising this game through the roof.  There is no way that a busy-work-game like this one could ever be a 9.5 out of 10.
So its the same game
Sony makes games. Microsoft makes content disguised as games.
is the pop-in a thing as well in the 30fps mode?
I absolutely hate how fortnight-y the dude on the vr game picture looks.
you said the same about Cyberpunk 😂
Popins are the result when you try to appease the old and new generation at the sama time.
Any idea about the PC version?
I think Dragon's Dogma is the best combat in any open world or not game ever, I'll be surprised if this is better.  Horizon Zero wasn't.. it was very good but DD is way better, although maybe the combat Encounters here are better.
can't wait to play it on PC
I find it a bit ironic that this game's side quests and side content is more memorable and worth it than the main story, which is the exact opposite situation of the first game. There the side quests were mostly forgetable and the main story was engaging and compelling.
Glad to hear the story gets weird with it. Honestly found  Zero Dawn and GoT to just be super boring boiler plate stories. I can see how people engage with them but they always left me feeling nothing emotionally just sorta bored going through cliche motions. In retrospect whilst I found TLoU2 story to be horrible it left me with emotions at the end. Even if they were negative it was more than most of what AAA tends to put out and I respect it for that. So even though it may be bad if its weird then lets go no more boring shit
Witcher 3 has the worst combat of an open world game period, and Assassin's Creed has some of the worst as well. Horizon on the other hand defininitely has the best open world game combat period, but more than that, some of the best in any game. Great to hear how good it is in the sequel despite the melee.
Wish the first and second was on Xbox 😩
I love Sci-Fi, is the sci-fi story bad?
Game just looks visually appearling, even though art is quite generic, the gameplay is as boring and uninspired as it gets, another game to pass unless ur a 15 year old console player who doesnt know any better
Dino-Riders shout out!! Absolutely loved that as a kid. My kids still like to play with my Dino-Riders toys that my mom saved.
I'll be playing this in resolution mode personally, the difference in visual clarity is stark, too stark for me to ignore. Sure it'll play fine @ 30
6:21  🤢🤮
Really lookin forward to playing this on pc someday hopefully *fingers crossed*
Many people think that always on display is just a gimik.....
16 TIMES THE DETAIL!
After finishing the review I feel a bit confused because there a lot of moments where you go off on a negative aspect of the game and then curb by saying that part is still good or this one aspect makes up for it. Some of these negatives seem pretty important like melee being lackluster, guided climbing, and that Cauldrons aren't really involved with the main story.  With melee it was not too amazing in the first game and from what you showed they still didn't put a big focus on it and locked moves behind skill eventhough its one of the only ways to do non-ranged combat. Then you said Cauldrons do not play into the main story and in the first game they were a pretty big focus, even the dlc for the first game was focused on one. The bigest negative is the guided climbing as they kept it from the first game. Climbing looks like its a fairly big aspect of the game and if you travel on foot climbing is going to be second to the amount of time your running. Climbing is a very large part of open world games as its part of the exploration aspect. Many would hope that the sequel would try to play with climbing as guided climbing as your whole climbing system does not work for open world games. Guided climbing is usually in puzzle or level design that makes it obvious where to go. The only game that really makes it work as climbing isn't a focus is God of War 4 as the guided climbing is used as a way if limiting the camera and doing certain shots for cutscenes in the game. In all truth they should of got help from the Death Stranding Devs who did a climbing system in same engine as they also helped them with their game. Collabrative developing should be encouraged in these cases as it seems like the only company that really gets multiple collabrations is nintendo, its dev teams, and a good amount of studios that make games for the switch. The biggest example would be how BoTW devs got help from Monolith (Xeno Devs) in creating its world. I really enjoyed Horizon Zero Dawn but it feels like they didn't address a good amount of negatives with the first game in its sequel. I hope more people talk about the negatives so the devs know what to improve for the next game because it feels like they didn't hear about these same problems that were in the first game from reviews they looked at.
They can polish it all they want, but tryna precisely aim a bow with an analog stick and switch between multiple types of consumable ammo and traps in a frantic 3rd person action game still sucks.  To say this is the best combat in any open world game is a bit of an insult to o-... Actually nevermind that's pretty accurate.
I hope this eventually gets a PC port like the previous game because I absolutely LOVED zero dawn. If the port does get made, hopefully it'll run decent on older hardware because my 1070 did okay with hzd but is definitely starting to show its age and I'm not expecting to upgrade my computer any time soon. (It's the only gaming platform I have other than phone so I would play on PS5 with dualsense if I could but... I can't)
Congrats on 800k!
If it's anything like Horzion zero yawn then it's most likely massively overrated.
Xbox fans just download the game on pc and use your xbox controller via bluetooth. Oh wait you can only do that with microsoft exclusives LOL
Never gave the first one a fair shake just kept getting caught up in other games/things, but will no doubt be diving into the sequel. Thanks for another great review Ralph.
Spoiler alert: Netflix will announce they are planning a Horizon Series. Aloy will be played by Henry Cavill.
Hoping it comes to pc soon
Welp, Ps4 pro version for me.
Shillup: The haptic feedback enhances the experience Me as soon as I launch the game: Haptic feedback off, vibration off
Love your writting
The world and enemies look incredible. Aloy, however, looks like a pudgy 15 year old boy now.
Your writing is getting better man, and it was already really well done and unique.
That fat pop up at 2:33
I need to play this
Only thing that makes this sad... I have to play it on a PS4 .. since getting a PS5 has been a nightmare and still is !! probably not going to get one until there's a PC version out... and finally 60fps
Someone get me a bloody ps5
I'm smiling ear to ear as I watch this:) I mean my goodness..Look at the level of detail in the environments...WOW. Just look at it! Thank you to Guerrilla Games and Sony for taking the time to craft and produce a game with this level of quality. After the dismal BF2042 and many others this is just the game i need to bring back that sense of wonder and awe which is what I love about video games.
Too sci-fi? Ain’t that like being too handsome?
This will be the reason to get a ps5! Great review and passion as always.
Fuck! As someone who honestly rarely finishes games because I spend so much time doing side content because I don't want it to end....here's to another game I won't finish and will probably just watch the cutscenes on YouTube 🤣
i preferred mass effect 1 over 2, why in future syfi would you go back to classic ammo clips instead of the heat syncs. dumb and i hate it lol
I respectfully disagree about the gathering in the horizon series. I haven’t played forbidden west yet but I think it’s important and they do have an easy loot system in the options. Try that out
This does not sound like a 9.5
I'll have to see the sci-fi elements in play to decide if they don't work as well as you think. But personally what really captivated me in the first game was the sci-fi. I loved diving into ruins to find logs that explained exactly how the world ended and explanations of the tech.
I'll play the better looking..better running, cheaper version when it comes to PC in about 2 years. Have plenty of amazing games in my Backlog to keep me busy until then. Currently playing through God of War..pretty fucking epic game :)
Dude you need to end your magnificent videos not with an advertisement, but with your powerful, carefully chosen last summary words on the game.  IF this video ends with "This will be one of the ones we talk about.  Trust me on that."  Fade to black, finished, it packs an even more ridiculously powerful wallop.  Instead it ends with an ad.  Maybe for the sake of logistics, there's no other way, but just an observation.
I like that they make you make more arrows and stuff. It causes you to make more or switch and use a different weapon and then restock after the fight. If they made an animation then you would of complained about that especially during fights.
Already pre ordered and pre downloaded it. I can’t wait!!!!
Wow what an in-depth review. First time watching this channel and I cant wait to see other reviews from you! Great review, cant wait to play this for myself!
nice to see so many accessebility options. imagine someone saying that "not every game is for everyone".
I have been waiting months for this. And only just realised it’s not coming to PC 😂😂😩 well that’s disappointing… lol
So they solved the Ubisoft static open world problem.
Appreciate the review
1:05 thought that was a fucking Pikachu cosplay at first glance
Looking forward to playing this
If only the PS5 hadn't been out of stock everywhere for 15 months
Combat still looks as boring and tedious as the first game to me.
Thanks a lot for a detailed, balanced review. I played HZD on PC (don´t own a console) and enjoyed it a lot and will play this one once it comes out for PC hopefully 4-5 years.
Man i really want a ps4/ps5 right about now. Hopefully it won't take a few years for it to release on steam.
All those you don't knows listed for Monster Hunter to make a point just shows that you Ralph are the Jon Snow when it comes to that  franchise. Not all but most monsters have so telegraphed attack patterns that after careful observation you know exactly whats going to happen %90 of the time. With time spent you can know everything that you listed as you can't.
Ngl I think this might actually make me get a PS5. I got my Series S, I have my Xbox to keep enjoying Game Pass and don't quite feel the need for a Series X. But man...this game is stunning
What I hate about the release date is that I have to go to court but that's just me
Breath of the wild with worse climbing? Interesting, may give it a go.
yeah.. a great game you cant play due consoles not existing.. nice review anyway as always =)
I played through HZD + Frozen Wilds with the dynamic HUD on.  This is where the HUD completely disappears and at the touch of the track pad it'll reappear.  I highly recommend this for full immersion and enjoyment of the games visuals, uninhibited 🙏
This was such a great review. I really did love  the part how you went in depth about the redesign combat mechanics and I loved how you described the moment to moment monster fights.  Absolutely hyped and can't wait. Thanks again! ❤️
Now i only have to wait a few years until the damn PS5 is finally available again. Not gonna play this on my PS4 for sure.
So basically you're playing the 1st game all over again just a little bit better??
this game looks bad. her face is fat
Guerilla Games is a Dutch pride
What a month. Horizon this week, Elden Ring the next. (Pretty much.) combined with Sifu, Total Warhammer 3, CK3’s first DLC since it was released, etc. Making me *really* wish I was able to get a PS5 to play everything. (Total Warhammer excluded, of course.)
Thank you for the review 😊
500$ console my ass
I’ll probably never play this game, it’s not exactly my cup of tea; but I really love this review, in particular the last few minutes. Games like this are a magnificent feat of art and we must always give praise to the lords who bring us these gifts. We are not worthy.
The world and gameplay look so cool if it wasn't for Elden Ring and my dislike of robot dinos I'd give it a go
I'm curious, if you said that the story is not good, and the story is one of the more important parts of this game, how can this be 9.5?
will be an awesome game to play in 2025
I'm 15 mins in and you can stop. I'm sold. I'm fucking sold. I stopped cooking waffles to go put the game on preorder.
If the side characters are so important, I hope they make the male characters stronger than in the first game. I loved the first game quite a bit, but the fact that almost all males in the game are either pathetic or villains kinda got repetitive after a while. I love the lore of this world and I am very excited to learn more about it, especially the factions! I just hope that guerilla has a slightly more nuanced approach to the characters than in the first game.   That being said, I view this game as the sole proof, at the moment, that wokeness does not necessarily mean a bad game and can in fact be in a great game. I am very hyped about the sequel!
Oh man I didn't think I could get more hyped for it but here I am seeing a title I couldn't be happier to read
Looks great, but please give us an option to turn off that character light. And also that rubber hair looks weird af sometimes. The characters in general look like animated plastic Action Figures.
SkillUp again showing why he is the best reviewer in the game. You know how Elon Musk is an engineer, and that’s what makes him a great CEO? Well, I feel like Ralph is such a great reviewer because he is a true gamer. Sometimes I feel like IGN or Gamespot reviewers are casual gamers.
Wow, that pop in is crazy xD seems like a good solid game though. I havent seen enough to convince me its a big enough upgrade for me personally though
I am still playing the first game so far so good.  I will probably pick this up after I finish the dlc
Unfortunate that the melee combat still sucks. I stopped playing the first game as I don't have it fun to be shooty mic bow person as I rather just smack things with fun melee combat.
Except ITS A DLC!!! HOW YOU GOING TO TREAT A DLC LIKE A SEQUAL? JUST MAKE ANOTHER GAME! THIS PERPETUAL UPDATE SH!T IS GARBAGE... HOW MUCH MORE DO I HAVE TO PAY FOR A WHOLE GAME, FULLY COMPLETE AND NOT MISSING FEATURES!!!?!!!
the pop in is so bad lmao
Minor note. This climbing "tracks" look very much like professional climbing routes.
can't wait for it to come on pc
who is Tod?
i thought Demons Souls looked good. this is on a different level
I quit the first game because of the sound coming from my controller. It was unplayable for me, very surprised you enjoy that.
Okay cool. Now who do I have to sleep with to get a PS5?
PC?!?!
Great review as always my dude Friday can't come quick enough man so so excited for this and Elden Ring
Fckn Conan made it into cameo again (28:55)
Love they've put so much into world design/side content etc. Really hope I enjoy the story tho. Love the story and lore of the first game and can't wait to learn more in this game.
Every Frame a Painting- the Game
Looking forward to playing this a few years from now on PC.
I decided to wait and buy this game down the line... but after hearing there is flying mount in this game? PRE-ORDERED!!
Man I love the way you write your scripts for the reviews! They are extremely creative. Especially the part when you talk about how watching the gameplay on our phones can’t be compared to actually playing it for ourselves! Superb!
I think the majority of us knew that this was going to be great the moment it was announced. I was not surprised at all when I read the title of this video review.
I just CAN'T get excited about this game even though i probably should and want to! 😂 Just doesnt click with me for some weird reason 😢
I fell off the first game as soon as I hit the second area. I found the gameplay to be clunky, Aloy was a bland protagonist, the world was mundane and the story was pretty generic.   This seems great for people who enjoyed the first game but it looks far too similar for me to bother purchasing.
I wish the climbing was like zelda
I played 20 hours of the original horizon but found the enemies to be to spongey on normal difficulty and too easy to kill on lower difficulties. After watching your review, I have a lot more interest in the sequel but don’t know if I’ll have the same problem as the first. Did you have this problem in forbidden west?
>jiminy cockthroat >good skill up with another L, taking them constantly since his lost judgment review. Sad!
no multiplayer mode
Just don`t preorder half done product guys. Remember CP2072, BF2042 etc. This fuckers never learn. Vote with you money. Peace <3
I can't play as a girl I'm too much of a man.
Praise the youtube warlords for gracing my subscription feed with another Skill Up video. Life is good.
I’m amused to see that Aloy’s hair still does its own thing, independent of physics.  I wonder if the awkward, jerky facial tics in the cutscenes of the first game have been fixed in this one.
Why didn't I pre-order this? PTSD from Cyberpunk still there I guess
I really like that blade runner reference you did there 😁👍🏽👏🏽 PlayStation did it again.
This game looks amazing, but I think the idea that a few great titles like this will protect Sony from the overwhelming power of Microsoft is naive. If Sony wants to be around in gaming in 20 years, they need to stop this senseless idea of exclusivity. Staking your entire business model on "if you dont buy a playstation, you dont play our games" is a horrible anti-consumer practice. Even Microsoft woke up from that and started releasing everything on PC and making efforts to release titles on playstation and nintendo switch. Playstation has only released 2 titles on PC, but we shall see.  Also, with all the issues you mentioned, its literally impossible to call it a 9.5. Severe technical issues, issues with combat balance, the loot system, etc would at least drop it to an 8 even if everything else is perfect.
Elden Ring is the only thing that has my attention right now but this will definitely be something I check out once I'm finished with it. Excellent review as always you're one of the best working right now!
Shrek MC + PS5 exclusive = Don't care
Shoulda rendered this in 4K, there's too much foliage even for the 1440p bitrate.
Pretty much how skill up feels about the open world for this game, I felt about the first game. So I know I'm gonna like it
So happy to see a game that is a success!!
Hm i really gotta go play Zero Dawn…
MÄÄÄH i fckn want a ps5 now....
ME2 ruined ME1's combat though, it's basically a generic cover-based shooter with some powers compared to how much you can do in 1.
It's another asscreed/baman game with one of the most awful art direction I've ever seen. It's just all over the place.
Oof, that pop-in was rough. Still, the game looks really good and I hope to get to play it someday.
I really wanted to like the first game but there was too much that kept me from enjoying it. So far it sounds like this one might do it for me though.
Wow, that pop in is awful. How is that possible with an SSD? Doesn't bode well for the PS4 version.
unpopular opinion but the first horizon wasnt as amazing as everyone says lol, it was a decent game but not that great. and then here yall go calling this game the best rpg ever already sigh , gaming standards are so low nowadays, horizon isnt THAT fun it really isnt , beating that first game felt like a chore to me literally
Something that has to be said here is how proper and good the capture and editing has been done in this review. I watched three other reviews before this and I have had this many times over with other games/reviews in the past where the reviewer gushes on how amazing said game is only to show off the most bland looking and worst framed captured shots of it. If you make a review of game you consider good then show that game off in the best light. This review does that in spades. Honestly it just comes across as lazy when reviews like IGN and even Easy Allies just captures regular footage that was accidentally captured during the review process. Say what you will about ShillUp and how he does his thing. One thing I have consistently noticed on this channel is how much respect there is for viewing the game off properly. There's no disconnect between script and footage here. Excellent effort by both the editor and ShillUp himself. Keep it up!
minor bugs(they seem a bit more than minor..)and fairly bad pop-in..ok fine. But..at sony's new unnecessary price hike at $70 plus a pop...naw. I'll wait for a price drop, and bug fixes. Thanks Schill up! ;)
I played the most of Zero Dawn on the PS4 and got burned out on it, but when it came out on PC I decided to start over. I got another couple hours in, and haven't touched it for months. Given the fact that PS5s won't be on store shelves in normal supply again anytime soon, I have plenty of time to finish the PC version until they port it to PC in a couple of years. Hopefully it's sooner, because Sony is leaving a lot of money on the table anchoring their most profitable games to a console no one can buy. They have to start releasing on PC out of sheer necessity.
Be sure to keep in your thoughts Mike Andrew Nash who was the concept artist for this game and made some of the most iconic designs. Sadly he passed away roughly a year ago, leaving behind an incredible legacy of designs that make this game so unique
Shill up: The combat is awesome! Also shill up: Melee combat sucks.
Hzd was the last game  I got lost in in. Great to hear this is just as good.
I actually really like the sci fi stuff in horizon 😂
Completely different games, but the design of "everywhere and everything is important and has something you need" sounds a lot like Warframe
Love the Tall Necks.
Great review
DINO RIDER YEAH!!!  Thank You
i just don't know why Sony has such issues bringing games to pc man
I wish I shared your sentiment for the combat in zero dawn. I liked the combat, but I felt like the melee combat was clunky and meh. 90% of my fights were me jumping around like a bunny for slowmo.
This game is absurd from a technical level. Keep in mind this is a cross gen game.   Now can you imagine what Guerrilla Games could do on a PS5 console? CAN YOU FUCKIN' Imagine what those monsters could DO?!!!!!!  I'm scared. If this is what they achieved in a cross gen game. Imagine their third instalment. Right now I'm having a heart attack. lol.
What a shill. The Pop-in is a massive disaster for this game. It breaks the immersion. Constantly.
first thing came out of my mind is "did they improve the inventory , let's see..."
I still can’t believe that Guerrilla Games went from Killzone to something as big as this.
What’s crazy is we still haven’t seen the full potential of the ps5 yet. Gonna take at least another 3 years for that.
Waiting for pc. Hope I don't have to wait 5 years this time.
The thing I'm most wondering is this:  at the end of zero dawn, my Aloy was a god-tiered badass.  How will this game explain her sudden loss of all her skills and gear?
Love the Dino Riders call out!
I'm an Xbox guy myself but I'm very much looking forward to this game. I'm just glad it looks like we finally have a game that isn't broken and totally unfinished and it looks stunning! Well done for the accessibility options as well. Finally the ps5 can come out of hibernation  👏
Didn't like the first game, and this seems to be more of the same. The standard open world junk, been done 100 times before. I'm sure the game is very polished and well done. But it's still another bland open world soup - no mystery, no excitement. Plus I hate aiming with a controller.
I've never really considered myself a gamer affected by disability. But I've never been so excited to see a toggle for tinnitus sounds 😭
It's a sad day for pc gamers like myself...
Why do all the characters have that haze around them in the cutscenes that make it look like they were all in front of green screens? @25:00
Bad review, false information. Sony will be out spent. They will be out of business
Funny how the games is quite the contrary of the first... I could not stand the first game side quests, way too basic. Looks like they got this feedback and made it better. Too bad the main quest is now a little worse.
Looks like more of the same, borrowing from everyone else and polishing..nothing innovative. Kill, gather, craft, progress, for 30hours. And with a weak story on top of that? Lame crafting that is nothing other than tedious and required.. With a slow first TEN hours. Yeah..pass
time to wait for the pc port in about 5 years
Hard pass... I can't force myself to play another game with boring climbing mechanic.
I stopped playing the first one because there was so many technical bugs (I played it on PS4 Pro) and got stuck in a bad save loop. Eventually the wife and I started it again and played through it. Based on that I'm mostly worried about playing this. It was plagued with bugs.
Im happy to see that the singleplayer games are still alive and kicking ass. This is a good example for all the close minded corpo rats saying that singleplayer games are dead.
Anyone that not only remembers dino riders but was a big fan of it gets my seal of approval! Harness the power, dino riders!
I found it very interesting that multiple people have said that the game in performance mode, due to the sheer density of the foliage in the world that the drop in resolution that makes performance mode fuction mean the screen can look noisy. This was backed up in the Digital Foundry video where even those guys who ALMOST ALWAYS prefer Framerate over resolution stated to playing the game in Resolution mode
Zero Dawn had an exhausting looking map too, but once I started I couldn't stop.
It looks great in every way. Can't wait to play it.
It's a good thing Skill Up doesn't assign a number to his reviews cause he mentioned a 9.5 then spent a large portion of the review on negatives (which I appreciate). I'm gonna wait on this one until at least a few patches.
"Man, I.. wish I was fighting them right now" told me all I needed to know about the game. Putting it in my game queue.
22:10 mario kart? what? have you never played road rage? it's 100% road rage on robot dinos
Elden Ring day 1 no doubt about it. Forbidden west? Perhaps in April/June. But it's looking fucking fantastic.
okay I think it’s time for a ps5
HZD is one of my favorites of all time for the reasons you articulate here: the topography and environments feel specifically designed to assist the highly-tuned combat loop, offering the best combat available in open world games. I'm actually excited about the hard sci-fi stuff, as the first game hinted at and only partially explored the possibilities this world suggests. I was already super excited, and now that SkillUp has given it almost a perfect score (remember, he dropped the first game initially as a Ubi clone before coming back to it on PC) really put those expectations through the roof. It's especially great to find that the side content is high quality, as the first game was a mix of decent to boring side content.
With the quality of the Horizon games, I wish they could continue Killzone because I do miss it.
I don't know why I'm here tbh, just to be salty about the fact that they really gave reviewers this game a week early... bullshit!
Def gonna check this out if it gets a PC port like the first one, great review
I put 65 hours in my first playthrough of Zero Dawn, so it's good to hear this game is at least as long.
I really wish i could find a ps5....
Dude, I'm just call it here, you really need to define what you mean by scale at times. Your Mass Effect 1 vs Mass Effect 2 comparison at the start smacks of this. What exactly was narrow about Mass Effect 1 compared to Mass Effect 2? And what did Mass Effect 2 broaden?   This very short analysis was, yes, short and not the point of the video, BUT! your description was so vague I just could not buy it. ME2 is certainly a more polished experience, but I don't get what you mean by broader. The world? Well, literally no, it's smaller and more curated. ME1 lets you explore massive spaces that can also offer intricate, self-contained stories. There's certainly less detail in environments and level design. The combat? Less clunky sure, but options? There are fewer and character builds are less diverse. The threat? Well no. Story-wise ME2 is a black ops mission slanted towards human interests. ME1 is a galaxy wide-threat and a man-hunt. Characters? Yeah, OK, I can deffo get with that. There are somehow both more characters and the story lets you do more with them in ME2.  I hate to be that guy, and I regularly watch your content, but sometimes your vagueness when making comparitive analyses can at times hurt the point you're trying to make.
what's truly nuts is how THIS is the BEGINNING of "next gen"
What I have learned is that shill up plays monster Hunter wrong :p
what a vibe m8
Can't understand the criticism of ammo crafting. The game literally allows you to craft all ammo you need on the fly during combat and with small amount of resources. Maybe this is why it wasn't changed? Because it was never a problem? It's not like in Dying light 2 where you have to pause the game and navigate menus every time you need a molotov or a medicine.
i hope they have a good thunderjaw farm again so i can min max my mods
Lol 30 fps indeed
What you said about Sony's game strategy of buying good studios and let them make what they want. Kinda sounds about like Nintendo where people buy their console because they know they like what Nintendo does. As their studios are good at what they do
Best review! Thanks for going into such detail.
Thanks for the video. I almost wish you hadn't even done a theoretical score at the beginning, since after that I could only think about how your own opinion didn't sound like it matched that score, even though your intent was to say that overall the game is very, very good.
OMG a Dino-Riders reference!! I had all those toys!
God damnn my wallet!! Was gonna hold off. Elden Ring, DL2, now this!?? All in February. What a time.
Check this off your list. Now you just need to play Witch Queen, Elden Ring, and every other game coming out in February. Best of luck soldier
Thank you for addressing motion blur 🤣 I ask on every video. I'm not sure why Devs continue to use it without an option to disable it
Interesting that Digital Foundry did not seem to find anything close to a bad as that footage of yours with the area not loading in correctly; in fact outside of one weird area with a foliage issue they said the pop in was minimal so I wonder if you just got unlucky somehow?
Guerilla games have always been underrated, the Killzone series was mostly great and Horizon is one of the best open world games ever. I'm very excited to try the sequel.
fantastic review, as always.  I'm going to have a really hard time putting this down for Elden Ring.   Haven't been too excited for this one, despite pre-ordering...  Very excited now.
Just imagine being a game dev and watching ShillUP praising you like this. Heart explodes with joy!
How is Alloy not overheating in that dessert jesus
I've seen all the reviews that came out today, and this is the best one. Well done! I'm so excited to get my hands on this game.
I dont know why they changed the climbing, apparently too many idiots thought climbing was bad in the first game, I thought it was the best climbing mechanic in any game like this I've played.
So if one thought ME2 was several steps down, what should I think of this one?
I really really struggle to play big open world games, because i want to do everything, but it takes ages to do so and at some point fatigue sets in. But man, the game enviroments look insanly beatiful. Like 12:45 Thats just nuts.
Hopefully now TLOU2 fanboys can leave you alone now lol
I don't know. This looks like another rather basic open world game. Not atrocious like Assassin's Creed etc., but just not very innovative. Games like BotW or MGSV/Death Stranding still look way more engaging and unique. I feel like the open world in those games directly serves the gameplay. Horizon's open world just looks basic. It might be a good game, but it just doesn't look very interesting to me.
ill pick it up after elden ring. too much hype rn
It's great that characters have been vastly improved, that rapport with the cast of characters is paramount for me in narratives. I'm slightly disappointed to hear the oversight in the story's direction is the introduction of SCI-FI elements. The celestial being in the trailer was striking, but I didn't think the game would go further.
Awesome review man.  Honestly I don’t think there’s any channel that does reviews in this way and I love it. You also give the opinion in the first minute and I have to respect that.  I feel like a kid, it’s been so long since  I’ve been hyped so much. I know it’s a good thing they release reviews early but on personal level like damn, I need it now.
I love how much this review is low-hanging fruit. Thanks for the review anyway :)
I was never able to fully get invested in Zero Dawn. Will this game change my mind?  I know I’m in the minority about this series. I’m not saying it’s a bad game. It just wasn’t for me
i want to play this game so bad, but im not buying a ps5 for one game
The only bad thing abouot Zero Dawn was the rando looser bf.
In the first 5 minutes you made comparisons to both Mass Effect 2 and Monster Hunter. You sir have just sold a copy of Horizon Forbidden West as well as a new PS5 to play it on. Now I just need to find the PS5
Great review😊
Man, I wish I can play this game day 1 but I've already pre ordered Elden Ring because I'm a huge souls fan. Mabye if Forbidden West gets everything fixed and updated. I'll buy for a sale
I would love to play this, but I haven't played the first game. Do I need to?
Sony is Saved!!!
You’re so right about appreciating when something has this much love and care put into it. The level of creativity and technical achievement in video games like this deserves to be appreciated more than just sticking a number on it at the end. Love it when you say things like this. We should all think more like this. Nothing is ever perfect but my god there are some incredible achievements out there in our world of video games.
Wow, that pop in is unacceptable. Doesn't matter how nice the game looks when half the building doesn't even spawn in until you're on top of it.
There is no such thing as too much sci-fi. I actually am more excited for the story by the way you described why you didn't quite liked it! Nice review!
These artists are like they belong to the Renaissance.
Uh map markers everywhere, xray vision, highlighted weak points. And this encourages exploration and amazing combat?
I didn’t expect the adaptive triggers and haptic feedback to be as great as it is.  It feels excellent to use in ratchet and clank and returnal.  tactile feedback makes every weapon feel different.
Can I go in to a coma and wake up when this releases on PC?
I'm already focused on Elden Ring, so I'll wait for a sale to buy Forbidden West.
hello from Canada
Meh. I will skip Aloy and her butter face.
The first game was "Ubisoftization" trash. For that reason I'll be giving this one a miss.
Destiny 2 Season of the lost review when?
This game looks so beautiful that anytime you switch to another game in the video it looks so much worse
But the story here ends with a cliffhanger, so I’m but buying it.
Mass effect... So you have dino robot sex.
Surprisingly amount of criticism for a 9.5 lmao, great review though
Yeah that pop in it's probably something they are going to fix in the first patch cause that doesn't happen at all in the first one
10:25 Is that LOTR music? Love that.
Inb4 TheQuartering, Geeks and Gamers, Nerdrotic, etc are gonna hate on this for being woke and attack the people who gave it a good review. But then again, they’re too chicken shit to go after Skill Up.
my heart can’t take this which queen, horizon and Eldon ring
Sony please bring this to PC I'll pre-order the ultra special super mega edition without a thought.
I hope alloy isn't b*tchy this time. Otherwise super ready
I loved the haptic feedback in returnal so if its anything like that il be happy
If only people could buy a PS5 to play this game, guess I'll just wait for the PC port in a few years. Definitely won't spend my money on a possibly inferior PS4 version just so I can play it. Glad it gets good reviews, enjoyed the first game a lot aswell.
Cyberdinos is so stupid and childish concept and it's a pitty couse gameplay mechanics seems good.
Awesome review as always! Totally agree the first horizon was pretty rough to start so much so that after the first 8hrs I checked out only just recently starting it back up and then getting the mount. After getting the mount it is so addictive and now excited for Forbidden West!
Shill Up can't Monster Hunter. 🤣
The music is so FUCK in my opinion.
Awesome review as always
The first and only review I need to watch about this game.  Skill Up has become my default videogame content source.  Simply the best.  Thank you.
How does it play on the PS4 though.
I'm glad side quests seem to actually be good, as someone who spent his teens playing Red Dead Redemption,  Fallout New Vegas and Mass effect 2 my expectations of side quests is to be as good and high quality as the main content, so the low effort copy paste shit has infuriated me for years
the problem with the controller is that no developper is pushing it like they did in the Playstation Playroom
They should fire their writers which is unfortunate but I saw an interview and to me the writers looked bored and unenthusiastic while talking about the story so I guessed that the story wouldn't be that great again just like the last game. I think they might have designed the lore well but they don't execute the story telling I don't know if that makes sense.
I will wait for it to be released on pc even though I own a ps5.
Embarrassed to admit, I checked out the first game after the first 10 minutes…it was just so slow and there was no hook to get me to keep watching these cutscenes. I like your reviews and perspective and think I am going to give this franchise a second shot. Def wish these narrative focused PlayStation games would do a bit more to demo the game play before throwing all the story at you.
I agree with you on trying to collect resources to upgrade stuff.   If there is one thing in video games I am getting a little irritated with is the crafting mechanic.
Is there a day 1 patch?
Got the plat in zero Dawn, can’t wait For this!
Was the casting fixed? I remember being so thrown off in HZD when a character looked 80 years old, but had the voice of a 20 year old, and vice versa.
didn’t like the first game at all
“Forbidden west has the best open world combat I’ve seen in awhile”.  Well in less then 2 weeks Elden Ring is gonna change that
13:00 13:15 Oh! I love you man! I really love you! 😂😂
Shill up ...
An amazing review and a beautiful spectacular game I can't wait to play! I am so happy to have found a PS5 last month so I can experience it!
Oh dear God......Now I gotta wait until Sony deems all us PCMR peasants worthy to receive such a glorious masterpiece....😭
Man said monster hunter and "clunkiness" in the same sentence
And none of that matters because it’s a stupid exclusive. Big thumbs down and moving on 😒
So you’re saying that            This is a strand type game?
“feels like the redheaded stepchild of ranged combat.” Aloy: 👁 🕳  👁
yikes, only one ad? try three or four next time. you like money right??
Does the game have gyro aiming, I hate having to aim a bow with just the thumb sticks. BotW nailed gyro aiming, wish more games would use it  ETA - omg 10:14 'motion aiming', is that what i think it is? If it's gyro aiming, turn it on, you'll thank me later, then hate developers for not implementing it in every open world game like this
Goddammit Hzd:FW... why do you have to come out a WEEK before Elden Ring..
I think I am probably going to play on fidelity first to experience every graphical upgrade. I wish more developers would implement the 40 fps so u want loose any fidelity like insomniac did with ratchet and clank.
As usual, here's the review I was waiting for.
So basically this is exactly like the first game, but with better graphics. Given that I bounced off the first game this is is disappointing. It does tempt me to give Zero Dawn another try though (especially as you pointed out the slow early game which is what turned me off originally).
Time to dust off my ps4!!
"Sony is doomed because Microsoft has Activison lol". Activision barely puts out worthwhile games.
yo said the red headed step child of combat what duh fuq😂😂😂😂
I'll  eventually give this a try but the first game was so tedious that it left a negative impression on me
I couldn’t finish HZD because I got so bored after a few hours. The menus and crafting were my biggest gripe, and the story wasn’t grabbing my attention. Forbidden West looks amazing visually, so I thought about giving it another go. I don’t think I will though. It seems like more of the same just amped up.
Female protag.  Hard pass.
I'm sad to be skipping this one because of Elden Ring. I want to give Horizon the time and love it deserves, and that can't be done in a week.  The moment I beat Elden Ring I'm coming back to this.
I'm sorry but the resolution drops and pop in is terrible. How can it be called "next gen"? Love your content skill up but that pop in isn't "no big deal".. How can I take the rest of the review seriously?
I'm glad that this game is a banger. I loved HZD and I'm looking forward to playing this if/when it comes out on PC. I don't own a console anymore and I don't see a reason to get one only for one game (other PS5 exclusives really don't interest me). Before the "good luck avoiding spoilers for 4 years starts", I don't really care much for spoilers as I'm going to be watching a full playthrough livestream of it.
Horizon, GT7, Sifu and Elden ring all within 2 weeks of each other, I love PlayStation.
I was really invested in this review, especially when you spoke about combat and I was really immersed, you said "you know you can see this" but horizon forbidden west is different.  However, you fail to mention how this sequel doesn't have a need or goal or requirement for higher difficulty (no trophy, no reward, no need) to get better and choose a harder mode.  The first game did, with its "complete the game on hard" / new game + and ultra.  But this game doesn't and I have noticed this downward trend in Sony games.   It essentially makes everything you said about combat and its comparisons to monster hunter mute.  Because in monster hunter you are all on a level playing field, no one can choose "easy" and get the same rewards, gratification as someone who had chosen "medium" or "hard".  Monster Hunter also provides the chance later for higher difficulty modes, once you are comfortable.  This progression or need to challenge one self is completely void in this game.   For me personally, any game that gives difficulty options but doesn't provide a reason for them gets an immediate 0/10 (frustrated sarcasm).     Hence why I loved the first game.  I am all for inclusivity, and difficulty curves, but It is a real shame when a game includes so much skill based gameplay and knowledge, but then over the long terms doesn't require the player to use that knowledge for greater reward.   Its nice that Sony provides a comfortable £70 experience, but its a shame they continue to neglect people who actually want to play a challenging video game.  I don't just set a game to hard for the fun of it, the modern world is to fast paced and we are all busy, so if there is nothing for me in it for raising the bar, then why should I ? which makes me arrive at the conclusion that I might as well play on "easy" and that if I have too I might as well not play at all.  A game like horizon would probably be served best with how it decided to do it in the first game, or no difficulty at all.
this is why I hate exclusives (not just PS, but all exclusives).  depression hits hard when an exclusive is amazing  game looks great tho
This review almost convinced me to sell my kidney 🙃
“It’s the best combat In any open world video gam” -elden ring coming out next week:👀
this looks so good, im not gonna watch this video until i get ps5. no spoiilerss
My Favorite thing about this Channel is it regularly uploads at like 5am my time. I then can watch it at any time of the day I get free
I really wanted to like the first game but it's not accessible enough. Ubisoft for all their sins have amazing accessibility in their games with options to make the 'snap' and autoaim very very strong which helps make the games insanely accessible. Sony need to step up.
Ugh , seriously I have to get through 10 hours for it to be good? THIS is not good design. A game is an experience from beginning to end. Half Life doesn’t take 10 hours to get good. GTAV doesn’t take 10 hours to get good. This was my issue with the first game, it’s such a slog at first and there are so many other good games to play. Disappointed to hear this one follows that same trope.
I really wanted to like the first game, but I just couldn't care enough to finish it. Didn't care for the story too much and the fact that you had almost everything from the start. Hope this one makes good on the potential.
How can a game be a 9.5 with shit story? Not in my book
I'm excited to jump into this one, even though I probably won't finish it before Elden Ring takes over.   The inclusion of gyro aiming is a game changer for me. Zero Dawn was made so much better by the PC port with it's access to better aiming controls.
How do they make such an amazing video game, that is as interesting to play as watching paint dry? The story/setting made the first game unplayable for me, and this unfortunately looks like more of the same. I'm glad that you, and many others enjoy it, gonna be a hard pass for me. I still watched the whole review, thank you as always for wonderful content.
I love the sound of the easy-loot feature.  As a parent of a toddler I don't have a ton of time to play games, and what I cannot forgive is anything that does not respect what precious time I do have.  I miss out on so many weapons and armor in games because I just do not have the time to grind for the best gear, and I want the best gear!
Todd Howard says a lot of crap, but tbf the mountains were climbable in Skyrim. That pop in could ruin what looks to be a really well put together game.
Honestly I didn't resonate with Aloy's story much in the first game but absolutely loved the sci-fi lore. Seems like its appealing to me but I can totally see why it doesnt appeal to others
I found that a lot of your review doesn’t reflect your score. You seemingly have many complaints and yet you’d give it a 9.5? You said the first 10 hours of a 30 hour story is a slog, said the story isn’t all that great and that the traversal is clunky. The game absolutely looks incredible to me but I just felt like often your high praise seemed at odds with what you were actually saying about the game half the time
Comparing this to. MASS EFFECT 2 is probably the highest praise any game could receive.
Glad you enjoyed it. Frankly, what I got out of this review was a revelation as to why I disliked the first game's combat so much:  It's like a dumbed down, less grandiose, and much easier version of Monster Hunter if in Monster Hunter you could only use the bow. This game looks better, but still not great. I'll be passing.
No blocking system looks like dark souls
So we're accepting bugs now?
O wow Nevermind this is just a love letter to Sony.
For single player story driven games I prefer the graphics mode. I'll take the drop in fps for detail.
36:00 My father is very close friends with the art director of the game, Jan Bart, I got to see the inner developement and the people actually at work making forbidden west months before it was  released to the public. It is truly remakable the way the team works, I have  no idea how other AAA games are made, but here there are enitre 3-10 person teams working on a single thing, there is a team that only works on the way grass reacts to you. Super impressive
I was going to pass on this because I just bought dying light 2 and elden ring, but this has changed my mind.
I really hope Jerma plays (and dubs) this game
I don’t get the negative with a “ping to climb” system.  I mean, it fits the lore with her hearing aid thingy…I would think it could do something along those lines especially since SU showed parts where it doesn’t highlight a one route fits all type line.  Instead, it looked as if it was pinging lots of hand and foot holds as well as 1 or 2 short routes that looked to lead to one the another 1 or 2.  When you say “gamey”, that’s definitely ZeldaBotW.  No person can climb in the rain on a flat surface…then Nintendo literally made it a mini game to have to gauge your stamina and climbing.  Of course I haven’t played it but from what was described and the visual evidence I don’t get how it is less desirable than Uncharted which is just a fucking waste of time and Ass Creed which is just “push up and win” climbing.  Where Nintendo kept you engaged while climbing with the way they did it it seems as if GG is trying keep you immersed by making you explore and search for climbing spot which as a former rock climber you do do that.  Then with the lore you use your hearing aid thingy to highlight your educated guess.  All which kinda does both make it gamey as well as immersive which is the type of game this is…not a Zelda with a mini game or Uncharted and Creed game where it’s just ugggh, just there.  Sorry, just thinking of Uncharted climbing makes me want to face palm cause I don’t get it.  But anyway, I’m not being difficult and I’m not saying SU is wrong…I’m actually asking how the climbing system had a negative feeling about it.  Like, was it clunky or take too long to find path ways or one of those systems that highlight routes in parts and you had to keep pinging and that was a pain?   Like I said, honestly totally curious.
THANK GOD this turned out to be good. I fell in love with HZD, by far one of my favorite game every played. Now, while i am super fkn glad this is good ... im also fkn angry that i cannot play this! I played HZD on pc since i dont own a ps4/5. Now, i cant play this and i can only hope that they will make a port idk how many years in the future .... i so want to play this !!!!!!
Climbin was the worst part of Horizon, shame they didnt take system from AC Oddysey, when we were able to climb on anything without markers. This looks otdated in 2022.
I was one of the "checked out after 10 hours" people for the first game. Blame my ADHD. Blame BotW. Whatever. So far, I see LOTS of improvements in this over the first game that might get me to blindly purchase it. Melee combat, dialogue sections, the traversal. This is what I was hoping for. Not even the pop in bugs are offending me right now. Glad it's here and it's doing well.
What a cop out I don’t score games but it’s a 9.5. Either have the balls to grade all games or don’t.
You and ACG are the 🐐 reviewers. Your words are law in this sphere. Bravo
I still need to finish the first one😂
As good as the music is, I can't help but wonder what the composer tried to do here. I've heard short melodies/themes from multiple other franchises in the background music (Elder Scrolls, Concerning Hobbits from LOTR, Game of Thrones) and they seem to either be hidden references or the composer is kinda lazy (unlikely), but they are to obvious for a composer to be overlooked. This seems intentional, wich is fine if it's just a reference, but I hope there's not too much of that in the game. At least for me, it takes me out of the experience by reminding me of other franchises, instead of keeping me in the game with it's own music. Not the biggest deal and certainly not a dealbreaker, but I'd love to hear what the composer thought.
For those of you that want the best experience, play without crosshairs. It totally transforms the first game and I imagine it'll do the same here. *optional reading ahead if youre intrested*  It adds game-long value to hunting critters. Having to shoot Boars and Rabbits along the way not just for their resources but to get your shots accurate for when you take on machines.   It adds depth into ammo management since you miss a TON of arrows before your good enough to conserve them properly.   It forces you to melee more because you cant be blowing 10 arrows trying to hit a Watchers eyeball.  It forces you to use your full kit because adding status effects requires multipul arrows in a set amount of time so just throwing a couple bombs is often more consistent — but theyre expensive.   It also makes 1 shotting machines with the freezing mechanic actually challenging since the freezing mechanic broke the first game.   But when you're desperate and in the zone somehow, unexplainably, you turn ultra instinct and bury the most outrageous shots that you cant replicate outside of those moments of intensity.  It comes highly, highly recommended. I cant play it any other way now.
Too bad I don't have PS5 :/ And it is I hear seriously gimped on PS4.
I ended up doing a similar thing in the Witcher 3, almost never rode Roach. I was constantly looking at the landscape and dismounting all the time for sidequest, so I just ran around.
Just picked up a ps5 for this.
That is not pop in, that is like a whole 3rd of what ever you are looking at just not loading in which to me is kind of shit. Hopefully when I play this game in 2-3 years when I can pick up a ps5 at a reasonable price that will be patched out.
These reviews are so damn comprehensive. So glad Shill Up exists.  Even when I don't agree, I'm exposed to a different PoV that's well thought out.
On a $500 console lol. At this point you mean on a $1,200 console because it hasn't been that $500 for almost anyone since release.
Sorry,but popin completely breaks the immersion for me in any game,and judging by your footage it is pretty bad. I'm sure they'll fix it at some point.
Just here to drop a like. I'm too sensitive to spoilers lol. I'll be back
The first one was so trash
I have never run out of arrows in combat, and it literally didn't occur to me that it would be an issue for some people😁
Disappointing that the story isn't 100%. That was the biggest allure of the first game for me!
if skill up tells us a game is good, its good.
As someone who didn't like the first game this looks better.
Woke simulators
This game easy skip for me, I ether get it for free in 6 years or get it on PC.
Warframe the new war review when?
With abited breathe and alot of trepidation i opened this video, i was worried about spoilers, or seeing something that would ruin the experience, even if it was a.momentary glace.   I cannot giventou an Austin enough credit for this astounding review. Im stoked and cannot wait to play.   Having not played this yet, but referncing HZD, you perhaps missed a critical story component that im sure will make sense.  In HZD Elizabet had to gather a collection of people, to aid her quest to atop thw Faro Plague.  You said that the 1st 10 hours seemed to be slower and referncing HZD alot. I would say this is meant to be a situation where Aloys journey is meant to mirror Elizabets, and perhaps with that mindset, certain aspects of the story and pacing will find a more fluid and cohesive structure.  Obviously this is a perspective that os without a playthrough but as you refernced this, its the 1st thing that came to mind.   Seems like the combat model and story telling has not changed from the 1st game, and stangely enough i welcome this. I love how mid battle you can run out if ammo, that your limited by capicty and can be forced to retreat for a few seconds to resupply. In HZD i found it added a dymanic diversity to the gameplay and combat, and its something i welcome to the experience once again.   Cheers for a great review, from  a humble man Trapped in W.A.
After the first game got so much love and praise i knew this one would also I honestly didn't enjoy the first game tho even tho it's highly recommended in the PS community. Gameplay was boring and repetitive fast asf the only thing i enjoyed was the world/concept of it all
I wish SciFi would grip as it does most people, take StarWars for example...  I always more of a lotr kinda guy, so I'll wait for Elden ring.
the real rating is 0/10 has no wingsuit.
For me a struggle to finish most games ! Yes I love great story games but sometimes a game can be to big and take to long to finish I lose interest
Damn, it's like you've plucked out all the things I wanted to say from my brain and made it into a video — especially the bit about combat. Fighting the same humans for 50 hours is boring, Ubisoft! Take notes from Monster Hunter like these guys did and put some variety into it.
Man... can't wait to pick this up when (if?) i finished the excellent Sifu. As for ammo crafting: same as in monster hunter, really.
man I think you should stick to not giving numbered scores lol. You say 9.5 but omg you have so many complaints about this game. You could argue it's still amazing despite all the flaws, but there's a limit. I'm hearing you complain about traversal, story, combat, looting and crafting. This review perfectly slots into that Dunkey video about game critics that pan a game with their words then still give it a 9/10 at the end.
I had no doubt in my mind that this game would fall under nothing short of amazing. I am just in awe of the improvements that this game has made especially those larger-than-life character animations that blow zero dawn out of the water. It has been a long time coming but now we are finally here this Friday we all get to experience the wonderful world of Horizon Forbidden West that you had the joy of playing. As always, great review.
To all fan boys .It looks like first part .Honestly
At 35:52, there's a kangaroo machine called a Leaplasher.
Cannot care less about this IP. Not my cup o tea and i can't overthink it🤗  This review is more than enough for me😊 Looking forward to play elden ring, yeeeeaaah✌️🤪
Love the review, but your little bias on bugs though most people money is tight bugs like that is a no no
So glad I just recently finished Zero Dawn a month ago. Yes I was super late lol! The game was amazing, I was shocked that I just bypassed this and put so many other garbo games ahead. Really looking forward to playing this ON TIME!
Awesome review can’t wait for this game, so hyped 😁😁👍
Dang. Was hoping this wasn’t good cause I don’t have a PS5.
Damn it's crazy how this is the first legit 60 fps footage I've seen of this game its criminal sony kept only using 30fps footage in the marketing
For a long time I've been wondering why I didn't like horizon since its launch and I still don't know why it's just bleh and feels like every other open world craft them up although it does heavily remind me of breath of the wild and I didn't care for that either. So maybe I'm too tired of open world games
Loved the battles and combat design of the first HZD. Will be looking forward to this one when it drops on PC.
I love both Skill Up and ACG roasting Tod Howard. :P
Man what a relief. I loved Horizon Zero Dawn, I'm replaying the campaign and dlc to refresh on the story. I'm going to be away next weekend so I won't be able to play until next Monday but just seeing the title, I said let's fucking go. I know that if a game stinks skillup will tell me. He's not gonna be an optimist or hate unnecessarily. He's just gonna tell me how it is and I love that about him.
I like how you dismissed Todd's little lie regarding climbable mountains, then immediately moved onto the point that traversal required navigation around topographical landmarks and not just pointing a horse and sprinting - just like you had to in Skyrim, huehuehue ;) EDIT: Well, unless you want to spend 15 minutes zigzagging your way up ofc. Your choice xD
What's crazy is they made this game cross gen... imagine what these wizards could do if they focus purely on current gen hardware? It's difficult to think it could look any better than this but I'm sure they would find a way.
I don´t get it. Why is 4k 60fps not the absolute minimal standard for a new ps5 game? This is supposed to be the powerful new console generation. Anything below 60 fps should be a thing of the past.
You sir! These reviews are really getting to another level. Love the ME 1 and Me 2 reference which for anyone who adores those for their hits and misses this was very understable.
This sucks..... The better it is the longer I have to wait for a PC release.  "0_o"
The original game was slightly overrated. Odd character animations, bad exploration design, every fight felt the same, and the level curve was poorly balanced. The main story also didn't exactly grab you and pull you in. You get lost after the first act trudging across a landscape with various side activities and by the time you reach the major city....what was going on again? Who cares. Hopefully this game solves those weird pacing issues. It killed the first game for me.
sprawdźcie moją recenzje Dying Light 2
Just started Zero Dawn (4 hrs in) but I'm tempted to abandon it and jump into the Forbidden West
Curious how this runs on Old Gen. I havent been able to scoop a New Gen console yet.
"I definitely felt like using the wrong elemental type here was punished a lot more here than it was in Zero Dawn."  You stated this like a negative, but I love this.
I don’t have a ps5 but this game is the reason I want one. Hope it comes to pc in the next year or so
The story has always been weak for me. I just wasn’t interested enough to care for any of the characters except for aloy’s dad.
I was one of those who checked out in the first half of the first Horizon. Not for me. Which is weird because I usually love these types of games but for me, it wasn't interesting enough to keep me and the gameplay felt super repetitive. Either way, great news for people who love the game. Enjoy the new entry.
If I've ever seen a console seller for a PS5, this is it... and I wasn't really enjoying the first game (didn't get past that first 10 hour slog).  I'm thinking I'll resume playing the first one, and if I ACTUALLY finish it, I'll consider buying a PS5 and then this.  By then it will hopefully be easier to find one.
Dino Riders was my favorite show as a kid and had a ton of the toys! Instant up vote and subscribe from me, thanks!
WELL SAID!!!! YOU ARE IN A LEAGUE AND CLASS OF YOUR OWN!!!!👊
I'm not trying to be that guy, but you did ALOT of complaining for a "9.5".
Everyone makes excuses for bugs now
I know this game are gonna be blast 💥. Can’t wait to played till i got ps5 lol
So I’ve played the original years ago but never finished. So now I’ve been trying to complete the last one before I play Forbidden West
Is this review spoiler free???
28:56 What is fat asian Conan O'Brien doing there ?
Great review and 800,000 subs. Congrats, ShillUp!
This just made me want to go play monster hunter
12:11 you got that shit right but I listen to these videos at work so I still don't even see the garbage compressed video that is showing.
6:50 That's not pop-in, that's just thr area massively bugging!
A really good example of how important the visual presentstion of a game is. Yeah, gameplay is key, but when something looks this incredible you really do invest more into all other components.
Aloy always talk and said what yu need to do...what the f* Open world what the point?!
Great review. The whole reason I adored HZD1 was the story - and the mystery. I didn’t love the gameplay at all and half the game felt boring. I am sad to hear that the story is less than great. I hope my own take on it when I play is better than that - as the plot of 1 was epic and the mystery behind how we got to this place was mesmerising
So happy this turned out well, I really enjoyed Zero Dawn. A bit sad that the story is seemingly not up to par but hey its a subjective thing, I will definitely be giving this a try regardless. I will likely wait with buying this, a lot of games to play right now but I hope it succeeds, we need more games like this for sure.
Ooh nice. SkillUp and Digital Foundry uploading about this game on the same day. Perfect 😃
Very exited for Aloy's next adventure.  Looking forward to playing it despite some of its challenges.  HZD had me engrossed and immersed in its story despite whatever  weak points it had, and still consider it one of the more fun adventure/exploration/free world games I've played.  I expect that HFW will be just as enjoyable.
I forced myself to finish the first one, I didn’t like it much but I trust your reviews and will give this one a shot!
Damn, now I gotta wait for the pc port
Ya love to see it
Oh waw, at 31:00 "Shpongle - Divine Moments of Truth" playing in the background just made my day! XD
This title got me sold already lol
Sorry Austin but 2 minutes in and there's just too many spoilery moments in the video, will have to listen only.  I don't want to see all the biomes and enemies here, I want to uncover them first time in game and be surprised. But I look forward to coming back to this in a few weeks.
I played the first game for a few hours and then put it down for almost a year. It did not succeed in getting my attention in the first few hours and combat felt so off. Then a year later I decided to give it another chance and realized that I did it injustice by writing it off too soon. I have put more than 70 hours in the game and also played the expansion Frozen Wilds. Preordering is a bad practice, but it is a thing of trust. If we only could fast forward this week to Friday...
The linear climbing and exploration is a deal breaker for me. That’s antiquated game design. After Halo Infinite, BOTW and Dying Light 2 these types of traversal are the standard now. Not this “only climb where we tell you” crap.   Dropped off the first game for the same reason once BOTW released later that same week and I definitely won’t touch it knowing they did nothing to make it better.
I don't want to play as nickacado though. I feel like his depression and crazy would seep through the screen and infect me as I play.
Whelp... Time to buy a ps5. Dammit
I just want to play a good game... something to wash the shit taste of battlefield 2042 out of my mouth.
Can't wait for the PC port on this one. Imagine the graphical options a meaty gaming machine can take advantage of, holy heck!
I did not really like the original, got really bored with the gameplay and open world.  I found Days gone more fun than Horizon zero dawn for one.  If they have improved immensly I may try this on a sale later when it comes to pc, but it looks very samey from your footage excluding a slight bump in graphics which I don't care about.
So unlike any other reviewer! Revealing your hand upfront with the score. Confident in knowing that your audience aren't here to scroll to the bottom of the page to glance at the score like many do on IGN. We're here for your insight and opinion. I can't think of another reviewer who I trust and respect more. Thanks for all the work you do! 👍
That Bethesda shade 😂😂😂😂
You're an excellent reviewer, but scoffing at 30 FPS when a lot of us can't find or afford a PS5 just seems.....condescending. I get it, I'm happy Sifu hits 60 on PS4.   I'm not the only one either.
Man I just heard ur review coz I'm avoiding any spoiler if by any chance I bought the game and now u made me really wanna buy it, I didn't enjoy the first one and I didn't finish it I felt there is something wrong when I start playing it but for sure I'll not skip it if I'm going to play the second
I’m not bothered even slightly by the looting because I play No Man Sky so I’m very used to it
I was so nervous for our favorite, resident reviewer to say this wasn't good. HZD is probably my favorite game of all time!
What game is that at 18:20?
2:02 It's Pikachu!!
Auto loot needs to be an option in EVERY game.
Sony does it again. There's no publisher out there that consistently drops great single player experiences like Sony.
Sad about the pop ins. Like with Halo, I fear it might affect how I enjoy exploring on this open world. Id still play it day 1 because I need to know what Sylens is up to
Now off to find a cheaper PS5..
the girl is not pretty like Lara Croft... i will pass this game
One of the most exciting things for me with the first one was how I ACTUALLY wanted to do EVERYTHING in the first one because the world was just so exciting to explore. I wanted to get every single collectible on the map, and I did (and I say this as someone fatigued by open world games). Hearing Forbidden West is like this too is great. Can't wait to get sucked in for 60+ hours again.
The pop in on this game looks really bad and there is no excusing this
Shillup reviews are real roller coaster.
urrrggghhh... you had to ruin the mood with Todd...
still looks just like a high budget ubisoft game to me.
Im so relieved that this game is good! After what happened with Last of Us 2 and Cyberpunk 2077 I've learned that I have to wait for your reviews first. Thanks for the heads up about the ps5 controller features shining in this one, little things like that really go a long way for me in a game. One thing I either missed or you didn't go over was sound, more specifically the 3D audio. After hearing how 3D audio could really elevate a game like it did with Returnal, I am hoping Sony's 1st party titles do that more. My guess is that it didn't really stand out since you didn't mention it. Im looking forward to this one now only a few days away.
When I see graphical fidelity of this game, I can't stop myself from looking back to a console-exclusive newly-released semi-openworld game which sells so good but its graphic is so outdated, and its World is so empty, and feel really disappointed despite I'm a big fan of the series. They are soooooooo different. I mean, yes, they have graphical limitation of the device, but other games on the same platform can be beautiful. I really want to ask the devs of that game if they feel anything when they look at their game comparing to other games.
How is loot this time around? I got SO annoyed in the first game when I found out that fighting this amazing monsters... doesn't give enough reward. Best amors could be brought from the vendors and if you fought against a big monster ONCE you really didn't have to do it again. I was expecting more of a MH approach of killing some monsters multiple times for parst in order to craft some armor
I'm waiting for the PC Port AND the mod to fix Aloy's face.
I found Mass Effect 2 to be a significant step down overall from the first installment. I played them both for the first time fairly recently and was so disappointed with the second that I didn't even bother with the third since the story is so widely trashed. I still enjoyed a significant amount of 2 and I see why others like it, for the team building and maybe some gameplay elements, but the main storyline is so under developed and ends with the most generic fight I've ever seen. I would gladly sacrifice several of the team members and their loyalty missions for gameplay that fleshes out the main narrative. It feels like bioware knew they had limited resources and had to decide between a poor primary story but amazing characters and a strong primary story with fewer strong characters. I guess they gambled right since it's generally praised but I wish there wasn't a need for such a drastic compromise.
I’ll buy this later, I haven’t even completed the first game.
great review sir!
I’m guessing it’s just like the first game..
Hopefully it's not to long before it's released on pc
Omg, hell yes. I never really had any doubt that it would be incredible but this just amplifies my excitement for this game. HZD is my favorite game of all time and I’m overjoyed to see that the sequel improves in every regard. Thanks Skill Up, you’re the man
If only Takara Tomy(?) hadn't wasted the Zoids franchise... it could have been as good as this
Bro, u sound exactly like my uncle 😅
bahhaahhahaha best open world combat????? wtf you joker.....aim at bright glowing weak spot and shoot but i get it you dont want to upset the playstation fans you have bills to pay and all that
Horizon is definitely becoming my favourite PlayStation franchise
Thanks for the review
This game is overhyped garbage
its crazy when people say 40 hrs lol when on monster hunter world i have 410 hrs playtime looooooooooool
Hey, did they fix the progression issue the first fame had? In the first one I had already gotten some of the strongest weapons like halfway through the game.
I am beyond excited to play this game on Friday I feel like a kid waiting for Christmas
HZD isnt just a game. Its ART.
Not surprised is good lol.
This is looking incredible in each and every aspect except for some minor and subjective issues but I hope they fix the bugs, Thanks for the review.
Well that’s all I needed to hear
Can you fly on the pterodactyl? i need to know
The way you shoot off and disable enemy weapons and body parts reminds me of those old arcade shoot'em ups where the bosses were just big masses of weapons and you could either go for their weak spot or disable they weapons. It was always very satisfying to break each small part of the boss first.
I need it 😭
i'm a very cheap ass gamer so i'm just gonna play zero dawn again for the 3rd time and wait for a good 50% off sale. lol
Now they should make a new Killzone game
I bought a ps4 just to play horizon zero dawn  and despite my efforts I would have bought a ps5 just to enjoy this game to its fullest.  But scalpers had other ideas so I'll play it on ps4 pro
Ah yes... @20:14 ... the bane of me taking FOREVER to finish games.  Between DL2 (although I'm pretty bored with that game loop already), HFW, and ER... I'm going to be very busy for many months to come.
MOUNT CANNOT ENTER THIS LOCATION  Weird choice for a 2022 game. Surely there's a better way to handle this than an invisible wall and a text pop up.
😁😁😁😁 I had my fingers crossed, been finishing off the dlc on zero dawn on my ps5.
1080p 60 is a BIG, BIG fucking problem, though. Slap that on a 4k tv and you can count the pixels. And let's be real, who bought a ps5 to play at 30 fps?
Your reviews are hit and miss with me sometimes but man, you fucking nailed this one mate.
Okay, that snake machine looks like a technological marvel, that must’ve been stupid difficult to implement into the game
i found HZD's story really interesting, like where do these robo dinos come from? why is humanity tribal again? how did the world end? why does no one remember "the old ones", where do these giant machines come from and what are they after? all of that discovery and mystery through searching the holograms and old facilities was the best part for me so i hope there's more of that
Guerilla games man, absolute geniuses. Sony I love you please just keep sticking with this winning formula of letting studios make what they wanna make. This is gonna be my first game on PS5, cannot wait!!!!
I named my dog Aloy (which her vet never gets right lol) because I loved the first game so much. I am super excited to play the new one and also a little intimidated by the hours I am going to be putting into it. If the consensus is a game is a 50 hour game, I will always spend 100. I am an oversearcher. LoL Great review, beautifully done!!
Ew, open world.
Back off my Mako, bruh
Can’t wait to get my hands on this and after finishing will definitely return to this review!
Dino riders was awesome!
have play on base ps4, still happy if i get play this
Honestly I really enjoyed Zero Dawn at first, but the movement system just felt too clunky for me, so I never finished it. Seeing all my issues with it haven't been addressed, I doubt I'll pick this up. a real shame, considering the stunning art direction.
I can't wait for this. Loved the first one and looks like the second will be even better.
I found the first one kinda eh overall, drew on for too long, was basically far cry with robots. Combat was good vs single targets but robots just dogpilled you forcing you to run away a lot of the times. Characters were great even though the story was middling and predictable. I'd give it a solid 7. This one seems denser but those are some horrendous technical issues that 9.5 seems a bit iffy, will see how it does when it comes to PC.
I expected this to be amazing and yeah, not surprised. It's definitely on my list to get once money is less tight.
dude i completely forgot this game is not gonna be on PC for a long time :(
I just wish I wasn't consistently disappointed by AAA games. Makes it hard to get hyped by new releases.
Horizon zero dawn was the first game I ever 100% completed because I loved every aspect of the combat and movement, the side quest, and the little bits of lore you can get from the collectibles, sounds like when ever I get my hands on a ps5 I'll have more to look forward too
the flowing water omg
No dude, not because it looks cool and beautiful makes it different or any better than what they did before, it is more of the same. Yes, it looks beautiful, so what?. Guys, put attention to how he describes the open world. The extent of his exploration is just walking around watching landscapes and doing the same stuff you already did on the last game. Video games are supposed to be interactive experiences, sightseeing is not exploring. I have one question for Skill Up, does world exploration change your weapons, armor or abilities in a significant way?.  "Horizon Zero Dawn Forbidden West is one for the books. When the history if this console generation is written, this will be one of the ones we're gonna talk about". For a review that criticizes combat for being a middle of the road improvement, a story that falls short and an overestimation of it's open world design, that's a very bold statement.
I'm sure that the pop-in in that location is a bug and will be fixed eventually.
Wow this looks STUNNING.  Haven't seen anything this impressive since God of War.  Admittedly I only played GoW a couple weeks ago lol  But I'm on PC what can I tell you.  Hope this gets a PC release too one day.  Kudos to Guerilla Games and Sony for making shit like this
Thank you for really informative review! Can you elaborate on the human AI? I'm mid in Ghost of Tsushima now, having loads of fun with the power play combat - not so much with the stealth and the ranged combat. But keep missing the HZD experience. Human AI is hard man, I hope at one point console gaming also focus gaming well and the main selling point stops being looking nice.
Only a real gamer would have the Meridian theme backing the beginning of their review. Respect.
Not going to watch this until after I start playing but I am SO happy this game is getting good reviews.
Elden ring is so close I'm passing on this I know its dumb but im gonna be busy for the next 3 or 4 years
Got to say that I really don't mind the rock paper scissors side of the combat. It invites more strategy and was something I really enjoyed about Zero Dawn. To each their own, I guess.
I was on the fence about this game but the skill up says it’s good buying it
Great review! I'm super excited for this game.
Had no doubt it was going to be NOICE - but I am still on PS4 (for now...) gonna have to look at a reviewer who looked at the ps4 version.
Man I was hoping that the story would be good ):
14:01 when you didnt say zoids .. im was kinda disappointed
Good god that pop in is HORRENDOUS though. Great to hear the game plays well, but to say that is a minor issue seems like a biased opinion of a fanboy.
Its still a bummer that we aim for 4k30fps in 2022. i thought this was easily the past with the current gen. Poking at that hilarious 8k symbol on the ps5 packaging. Glad i probably wont play this game anytime soon anyways.
I'm stoked for this game, just wish they didn't make aloy's face look like a 16 year old boy. No idea why they decided to give her the ugly treatment.
A 10:10 doesn't exist and never will exist same for a 0:10. That are aboluts Jesus why people don't get it. Best rating 0-10 you can give is 9 and worst 1 everything thats lower or higher is just nonsense
Sad that it still features some prevailing open world bullshit, but most importantly… THEY ADDED GYRO AIMING.
No, don't buy a console for a single game. Not even this.
Is that a clan that worships Pikachu as their God? Like their colors are exactly the same; yellow base, red cheeks, black tip hilights.
So you didn't like the overall plot and you thought the combat was lacking, but it's pretty so 9.5/10. Got it.
The game looks amazing. But I can only process one sand-box at a time. In my case, that place is already taken (or will be soon) by another game (we all know which one). I am glad that we all have options to chose based in our own preferences. I will play Horizon FW eventually, but not any time soon.
Subnautica is one of my all time favorites and it was FULL of pop-in so that won't bother me. What will bother me is no PS5. I guess I will have to wait until this hits PC in a few years.
Nice, i will buy it
this is a well thought out review
This game is good? I'm shcoked i tell you, shocked! Well not that shocked but still.
4+ min intro. Rivaling kackis up in here today
Well said about Microsoft spending billions and bots losing their shit thinking sony is doomed!!! To all the bots and frosk from g4!! Philly spangling money left right center does not mean quality!!
2:08 no foliage interaction? Really? Just clip right through
lmao POP IN in this game is even worse than cyberpunk2077 and here u dont even have fast car or huge open city. They need to fix this somehow
My PS5 was $399 😉
I’m glad this game turns out awesome for ton of people like you Skill Up and ACG. For me it’s not my cup of tea, didn’t even finish the first one and I’m waiting for Elden Ring.  But everyone who like this franchise, have fun!!!!
I feel so sad that this man was the only one who gave the review an honest take. Check metacritic there's alot of politic journalists give the game 7s and lower saying they stealing cultures from the real world.
I feel like one of the few people who didn't like the original, but I'm excited to hear it's a major step-up. Once I've cleared my backlog a bit I'll jump headfirst into this.
There should be no popins in this generation. The only thing I think that can cause this is because this game was made with PS4 in mind
It sucks to have to wait 3 or 4 years for this to come to PC. At least i can get a 40XX series till there.
Wow 9.5, I felt like the combat and gameplay felt really clunky in horizon zero dawn. Assuming the same here…
Thank you for the Review, Ralph. It seems Horizon as a franchise just isn't for me; the gameplay loop of the first one was so uninteresting and the almost floaty, lack of impactful , meaningful combat attacks seems to have carried over to the second one. Glad they fixed the glaring issue with the dialogue animations of the first game though. I am very interested to see what you think about Elden Ring when that comes out.
36:00 By iterating on what you have not reinventing the wheel every time you make a sequel! If a mechanic or texture works in the previous game is good in the next one. Explain changes logically, in the games world, and don't change things because some entitled reviewer or player somewhere is bored and wants something new every second.  I still have a few more reviews to see before formulating a more definitive opinion. But, just from this review and my experience with the first one, I'll wait for a deep deep sale and a PC version, if the performance on a PS4 is too bad.  Also, if anyone tells me to just trust them, in any context, I second guess everything they just did or told me. A hard lesson I learned a long time ago. In the context of this video it doesn't really matter, I know, but it still triggers that reaction in me.
I wish this was a Kill Zone game. Looks absolutely amazing. Too bad im just not into it.
The only problem with the game at the moment is the fact that is coming out at the same month as Elden Ring.
Best reviewer on the internet. Love you, brother. Absolute legend you are.
Who wants to sell me there ps5 for 500?
I played the first one and did not like it,  for me it was just an Assassin Creed reskin, so I guest I will past this one and play Elden Ring anyway
Thank God there's a setting to turn off the adaptive triggers.....such a dreadful gimmick that Sony keep shoving down our throats. That and the controller speaker are the first things to turn off in every game
Sooo glad Sony doesnt actually believe in generations and I get a chance to play this on my PS4
Oh my god, I am so glad they did it. I LOVE the first game even with all it´s flaws. Can´t wait for this one, especially as I was lucky enought to get me a PS5.
My only letdown with HZD was its storytelling execution and characters. The lore and story is interesting but the way they were told was very underwhelming to me. Too much secondhand narration of events. NPCs telling you what happened before instead of you experiencing it. I end up only really care about Aloy's story and how the robots came to be. Couldn't care less about the different tribes and the side characters. The gameplay and world was amazing and I'm sure also be amazing in HFW. Hopefully the story can be more engaging.
but u can go to those mountains in skyrim, if anything skyrim is the best exploration game to date , only rivaled by breath of the wild and maybe elden ring if it lives up to the network test bit
Your reviews share the same incredible attributes this game does.  Seriously, as always, a cut above the rest!
Man... do I have to start hunting for a ps5?
Ok, give it to me straight Shill up; is the open world better than Tsushima?
WEN is it out on PC? I want real 4K 120 FPS.
I look forward to waiting 3 years for this game to come out on PC. Maybe by that time ill finally have saved up enough money to buy a PS5 from a scalper?
Okay just for reference, how does this game stack up if you're someone who didn't really care for the first game. The big thing for me was how closely it adhered to the Ubisoft formula, where my eye was not guided by landmarks and personal curiosity but rather waypoints that I robotically followed on the map. That also includes better animations and voice acting, since I really loved the premise of the world and story but I was constantly pulled out by subpar delivery and janky automated animations. I'd also like to know if there's a less convoluted inventory UI, since I was often discouraged by looking into my pouch to upgrade my shit and being completely overwhelmed by stats and weapons and materials that I had no idea how important they were or even what they did. Basically, I really wanted to love Zero Dawn, but just couldn't, and I want to know if Forbidden West can pull me in on its own merits or if I should just leave it be.
But will it win GOTY 2022 over Outer Wilds?
My most anticipated single player game since completing Horizon Zero Dawn - Frozen Wilds DLC.
I played Horizon Zero Dawn entirely on foot. I don't see why that would change with a newer title.
Crap, I really have to hurry and finish Sifu before Horizon...  "Horizon has the best combat in any open world game". Until Ghost of Tsushima. I absolutely loved Horizon and its combat and honestly, I still feel drawn to the Horizon world and story and Aloy more than to Ghost of Tsushima. But Ghost of Tsushima also had truly excellent combat, in some regards better than Horizon.  Although I REALLY hoped H:FW would have taken the looting from Ghost of Tsushima. When I re-played Horizon on PC after beating Ghost of Tsushima, it was SO annoying to go back to looting animations etc., instead of just instantly looting while riding ..
Looks good. Might look into it when it comes to PC down the road.
Story doesn’t matter  Gameplay the same  Robots more variety  Characters are actually disappointing  Voice acting is just sad
Those facial animations are just so emotive man...
More than anything I’m looking forward to using the glider
What a great in depth review..... 👌
My ears catch music (in this review) that sound like Nier:Automata ... anyone else?
While yea, sure, this game is fine, it's a typical, decent polished and decently flushed out open world rpg yadda yadda yadda, I wish Guerilla would grow the balls to make a gritty, visceral and unapologetic Killzone 4. I know you threw some shade at the IP in your TWIVD a while ago, saying how it's just kinda dead and nobody really wants it, and I seriously disagree with that sentiment. There are *so* many people that unconsciously want another, good Killzone game. Countless times I've reminded people of the IPs existence and I get an answer akin to "OHHH YEAA I REMEMBER THAT GAME! Haven't heard that name in ages. Wish they'd make another one".  Again, Horizon Zero Dawn is... fine, but it's just so... uninteresting. I can go on any store and have a wide selection of games almost exactly just like it. Killzone?.. totally barren market with fans almost rabid for something new, good, and refined to bite into.
Why does the UI look similar to dying light 2? Even the hud looks similar. Did you notice that at all while playing either game?
These are the developers that should of made Anthem smh this game is beautiful.
im going to buy PS5 just for this game:)
Yeah too bad most of us still can’t get a PS5 lol
Excellent review! Guess I know what I’ll be doing Friday :)
My number one hate in games are pop-ins... So yeah... Crap... :,-(
I honestly couldnt stay invested in Horizon Zero Dawn. But in turn i am super happy to see they have continued to grow and evolve their formula.
sounding like a great 8/10
4:32, Didnt sony tell some devs to remove content from the game Martha is Dead?
Love the review mate, always good to see another aussie as well 👌👌
youtube is only meant for still images, the amount of compression in moving images get f'ed is just next level, even 1080p looks like 360p.
4:00 say it again for the hardcore fanboys in the back.
You and ACG are pretty much the anti-buyers remorse channels. Please know you're appreciated
Holy cow dude. This video lets me think that it's going to be GOTY without even touching it.
Thankyou
Games like this are my only regret in buying XSX + Game pass. I wish Xbox get these games after 2-3 years or maybe more; but eventually. Like PC's.
Least it's actually complete on release. Makes me actually want to buy the game to spite others, aside from it looking spectacular.
wow, that's some competently crafted review! subscribed.
I didn't like the first one and i see that i will dont like this. The face character animation continue strange.
Do i have to play da first game in order to play this
Great Review, thank you!
What monster made Horizon, Elden Ring and Destiny Witch Queen release so close together!?!? It’s like choosing my favorite kid….
Let’s go boys!
Dino riders was my favourite show on TV  when I was a kid,still have some of the toys in my nans garage
Thanks for this great review, I am going to skip the game myself but I am happy to see my friends will enjoy it.
I hope this game isn’t a feminist dream again and is more balanced. Last game most of the women were awesome and the men were stupid and/or had massive flaws.
Congrats on 800k, well earned 👏 👌
Glad to hear this! I really liked the first game. I didn’t LOVE it. But after this review I’m going to definitely pick it up!
Damn, I’m not really a fan of the first game, I think it’s a pretty overrated but decent open world game. But I might try this one out if it’s that good
Watching Shillups’ reviews actually feels better than playing games
No matter how much Playstation fanboi-rage you throw at it, pop-ins in this gen games is unforgivable...
Dude. I can only play so many open world games. Elden Ring and Pokémon. Okay?  Now you telling me about all this awesome navigating in the Horizon world. I have to buy this too? But that dual sense controller sounds really good so I have to get a PS5 too? Hmmm...
Seemed like quite a number of things not to like for a 9.5 rating, but the day one patch hopefully will iron a lot of those things out!
Soon as you said Mass Effect 2 I was sold - I'm done. Thank you.
The issues you had seem to be pretty extreme imo. Should have affected the score more
🧢 elden ring
Couldn’t make myself finish the first one. The human combat always boiled down to me stealth killing everyone in bushes. Felt like I was playing a less fun version of shadow of Morodor
There is no point in buying games at launch anymore. Just wait 6 months until is fixed and get it half the price.
I tried to play the first one but I just dont get it. Seemed to be like one of those ubisoft open world games everyone complains about but in a more interesting coat I guess. I mean it's fine not everything has to be for everyone.
Something I am wondering is the number of unique weapons or gear that can be obtained through exploration and side quests. To me, that is an aspect that is extremely lacking in many open world RPGs. The side quests might be meaningful and interesting- but then the rewards are generic and lackluster. Is this the case for HFW, or are we getting some neat unique rewards for our side-questing efforts?
Combat and Backstory were the best of best in Horizon, I loved the AI and apocalypse stuff, and spoiler! - way Aloy is a chosen one, how it is scientific in its very origin, creation of new cultures.
HZD was horrible imo. HFW looks pretty but not sure about it. Bow combat is just not fun. I hope it's more than an AC clone. Edit: Facial animations  and eyes are still off. No improvement.
Glorious Dutch games
Love this game series....one of the best ever produced. Call me stupid but I bought a PS5 for over 1500 just to play this one game. Cant wait for the timer to end in 4 days!! Love the review also
This is the Cyberpunk 3077 we were waiting for.
My game of the year, I can feel it. So happy it turned out so good.
I am HOPING they add this to PC sooner or later!   No PS5 :(
This wasn't even made for just PS5, I cant imagine if it was. Looking forward 2 it.
Expect to be charging the controller very often with this game. Battery killer.
watching your combat section, i have a question. you said that the game punishes wrong elemental types of weapons more than the first one, so there is no war bow in this game? the lodge war bow from the first was awesome to deliver the right elemental attack and i had one equipped at all times
That does not sound like 9,5. More like an 8
Just preordered it because of this review. Cheers
Looking forward to getting into this when I'm done with Dying Light 2..
Actually, it’s a 1000 dollar console.
UBISOFT. YOUR GAMES SUCK, TAKE NOTES!
Damn that pop in is enough for me to wanna wait
I dont even own a PS5 but im ALWAYS impressed at the quality of these deep dive reviews. Good man, Ralph!
THIS MAKES ME SO HAPPY... and sad...cause I don't have a PS5  😁🥺
waiting for the PC port
I was anxiously waiting for your review hoping for something positive and the title alone made me breathe a sigh of relief
It's such a joy to hear the excitement in your voice about this title man.  I was a HUGE fan of the original game and I can't *wait* to get my mits on this one!  Thanks for the fantastic review!
im really glad to hear the point about the characters being the beating heart of the game/ emotional bedrock early on. my only gripe with the first game is that the characters never stuck out to me and aloy was more of a narrator than a character past the prologue. like you could have replaced her with any athletic person that found the tech and the story wouldnt really have changed much after ross passed away. good to hear the worst part about the game (which wasnt bad btw its just the rest of the game was so solid.) has improved. its unfortunate to hear the main story quest doesnt work that well, as i thought that the main story quest was pretty good in the latter half of first one. seems like the bulk of the game otherwise has been improved on from combat to free roaming. sounds like a good purchase overall.
This makes me have to play the first game. I'm so pumped!
Just looks like another checklist-based open-world game imo. I respect the craft and design expertise at Guerrilla Games, but this open-world trend is just tiresome at this point. I hope that Sony let them make another Killzone this generation but with less jank (Shadowfall was a bit iffy in this regard), because I think a Guerrila-Bungie collaboration would be a dream come true.
I’ve been excited as hell for this game ever since it was announced. Your review has only added to that excitement. Can’t wait to get lost in this!!
the sci fi stuff was my favourite parts of the first one so its a good thing.
Great video, great videogame 👍
I started out like "ooo i loved the first one on PC" *Sees the exclusivity* Ah well, fuck them lol.
Jeez only shill up would compare a game to death strandings gameplay in a good way 😆 I'm sorry but that is a turn off for me
12:30 "It's like what Todd used to say about those mountains but actually true" LOL. I'm still waiting for the PC port, but... That sentence tempts me way more than it should.
Dino-Riderssss fuck  yeah!
If I hated the first game is it really worth my time
Dude now you're making me sorry for not finishing the first game
Sold… 🔨
I wonder if technical issues are related to this being cross gen.
Does this game have mouthful mode?
Would be much happier with the Dualsense with regard to games such as this if the stick drift wasn't so bad. I am now on my third (!) controller in just over a year and this has now also developed drift. Haptic feedback is all well and good but what use is a product with an average 4 month use life?
I always buy games skill up says are good, I’m gonna go broke
I got excited for a bit but then I realized it's only coming out on consoles. RIP
Every console generation needs a game that sets the standard for what's possible and what we can expect once it hits its stride. That game is Horizon. What's amazing is it rarely hits this early in the cycle. Great review.
Looks way better than Halo Infinite's boring open world
nice, cant wait for its release in 3 years 👍
Now waiting for the pc version 🤪
Been waiting a long time for this! Now I just need a PS5...
many actually prefer the first mass effect to the second. Not me though love it. As to horizon loved the first game but i think im going to wait for this one to come to pc my 7yo ps4 cant handle it unfortunately....
Love your review mate but every time you mention that you know nothing about the ps4 I get scared cause I don’t have a ps5
Will this series be a trilogy or is this the end ?
I know I'm an outlier on this one but in regard to Skill Up's opening comments, I still think the Mass Effect trilogy was a downward curve that started in 2 with 1 being by far the best of the series. Yes even including the Mako. Hell even for the Mako, as the sniper rifle battle cannon on that thing was so satisfying to use. So much of what would make 3 so bad started to crop up in the sequel as it became clear the writing was not up to the truly massive task that they had set themself in the first game along with all the gameplay decisions made to make it more accessible which did so much to undercut my experience. Obviously there's a lot to like in 2, and yet there's still so many reasons why I completed Mass Effect five times including twice on Insanity, lost interest on my second playthrough of 2, and only beat 3 the once.
Shill up is da best😉 thanks for the great review
I did not think this was out for another 3 days
If the adaptive triggers work. Every 2 months my ps5 controller triggers break.. i put adaptive triggers off so they dont break
Couldn't play the first one more than a few hours. It was just a typical open world snoozefest. But that's the case with most of the open world games for me.
lol I kinda know exactly how HZD combat will go: tether them, armor breakers until they're vulnerable and disarmed then elemental arrows till they're dead, if there's more than one then corruption arrows to thin out the herd. 😜 Not saying the combat is bad, I love the different options it gives you but not all weapons are created equal and eventually you just use the most expedient. Pity to hear about the upgrade grind though, aside from being tedious you'd think that with a story that's so much about nature and balance they wouldn't make you murder 1000s of animals and machines just to get a bigger pouch. 🤣
now we just have wait a year to get a freakin PS5
How do you not mesh with the plot? Its one of the best sci fi plots in all of gaming
Why is pop in such a big problem?  Don't ps5 have the best and fastest sides known to man?
Time to sit in the corner of our "master race" kingdom and wait a year for this, or well ... 3 years if take a look at Zero Dawn. Hope the deal Sony did with Steam seeds up a little bit the process.
Another amazing review mate, i'm an xbox man so i probably wont get around to playing this unless it gets a pc port. but from what you praised in this review hopefully Far Cry 5 was the final bullet in the old style open world games and this becomes the new standard to at least take inspiration from.
Holy Popin.
Why are today's gamers so horny about being able to climb every damn surface in a game???? It's boring and makes level design a living hell for developers smh  That said, amazing review as always ShillUp ❤️
Just a few more days. I'm honestly hyped.
pc release when?
Skill Up:  *Spends hours upon hours creating a youtube video detailing and reviewing a massive game*  Me:  *Spends 2 seconds liking the video after watching*  "Whew..you deserve this hard work ShillUp."
Dino riders FTW 🙌!
I played the first Horizon when I owned a PS4 Pro...had to sell it on during Covid lockdown. I also had to sell my Xbox One X.  When I got back on my feet, I purchased the Xbox Series X: a great machine whose purchase was made easier as I had a more extensive digital library of games. Also, naturally, Game Pass...  I've been waiting for a review on this game and - as I implicitly trust SkillUp's reviews - the time has come to get the PS5, owning both consoles from Microsoft and Sony, once more. Also, it helps me ignore the juvenile and tribal bickering that occurs between the fans of either camps, fortunately.  Great review, as always. 👍  ***Edit: Just purchased my PS5. GOOD TIMES***
F*ck Ted Faro! Also, holy crap I can not wait. Aloy for a week and then Elden Ring. I've waited so long for this.
SHILL UP with another positive review of an open world click and collect bore fest.
13:00 Holy shit. That has got to be the best water I've seen in a game.
so what we've learnt in this review is that Skill Up enjoys being probed by technology...
I'd buy a PS5 just to play this game... if I could fine one for sale.
Can't wait for this to reach the PC - which IMO is a given at this point.
It sounds like they went _Matrix Reloaded_ on the main plot, which is a shame considering how the plot of the first game meshed so well with the heart of its protagonist.
I cannot wait to dive in to this, quickly..... so I can no life Witch Queen lol
9.5 out of 20 maybe boring ass genre
"Too Sci fi for some people"  I am firmly not those people, the more Sci fi you give me the better
Good review. What made my day was "stack of x full, item sent to stash" made my day--huge pain in the backside that was inventory management just got better.
There's like a zero percent chance I'll buy this game considering I never beat the first. I just didn't enjoy the combat of fighting the bigger machines, but let's hear how this is game of the year anyway.
The pop in is really distracting.  Shame
Aaaaah I shouldn't have watched this video. Now I'm wishing it came out on PC like, right now. ShillUp, grace in "coup de grace" should be pronounced like the grass word. The way you pronounced it sounds like or "gras" in French which means "fat"
Those accessibility options are gross.
Great review as ALWAYS!! Thanks!! Canny wait!!
Maybe the gameplay is good but i'd rather not stare at Nickcado Avocado's face for 8-12 hours if i can help it.
Excellent! Now to wait for a few years till it comes to PC to play it! Or wait for a few years to get a PS5 to play it. -_-
I didn’t really like the first game and when this game was announced I was still unsure, but looking at the gameplay trailers and your review, you have put my doubts to rest. I’m saving up for Elden Ring for next week, but thanks to your review, I will perhaps get it down the line.
35:25 skill share.
Extremely minor, but the amount that the main character's hair braids move around is really distracting
Sony PS5 fanbois: The PS5 SSD destroys everything!! Me: Man thats some seriously slow texture loadings. I.e: The PS5 is the new PS3. Horizon 2 is an awesome game though. Can't wait to play it on my HTPC in the living room like I did the first one.
I remember the first time I played Horizon ZD and it being the first game ever that really made me want to read and listen to every single piece of data I could find in the game to tell me about what's going on and the struggle of the people that lived through those last days and hours.  I loved it. I am glad this game now is going to have a second episode that looks to be worthy and not completely out of touch with the original and or the fanbase like for example TLOU 2 was.
And now my watch begins…  (have to wait for it to come out on PC. I do not have, nor do I want a console. I have a great PC and I would like to play this seemingly excellent game on it. Really liked HZD, and in the end I think PC actually got the best version of that game - quite substantially so even. Here’s hoping for the same this time around, and that the wait will be shorter this time!)
You didn't talk about the super jump 15:43.
NOW, now i can buy this game.  Been waiting for years for a sequel, and it's here, and not only it doesn't suck, but it's great.  Thanks SkillUp for the review!  Edit: after listening to the entire review, I am a little concerned about the story as that was my main interest in the first game, though it appears the other parts of the gaming experience are much more improved. visual bugs appear to have been fixed in day 1 patch according to DF.
I hate the controller making sounds, other than that, very excited for everything
Fuuuuck is looks GOOD! When I somehow gets a PS5................
I had my doubts that they could follow up on the superb story of the first game. Sadly this seems to be the case. But I can hardly imagine how you can possibly follow in the footsteps of this epic tale.
First review I looked for
God I hope this runs okay on a ps4 pro.  Yaknow, for the plebs.
31:30 well in guild wars 2 its the same thing. if you don´t watch out youll pull the whole map, and everyones hunting for your buttcheeks xD nice video. keep up the good work!
Honestly the only review I needed to see 👍 thanks for your work, SkillUp! Cannot wait to play this weekend!
Congrats on 800k. Glad to see this channel growing
I recently finished the first one and the open world with the uncharted climbing drives me nuts.
Yeah this is the review thats sold me on this. Skill up never disappoints man
I’m so happy Erend is a returning character in Forbidden West. He was a character that really made the last game for me. Guerilla has really made side characters a joy to interact with and talk to rather than a chore.
I hate pop in :( That and half rate animations are jarring to immersiveness.
That tribeslady looks like Pikachu.
I personally think the first game was very overrated. This looks beautiful as does the combat but I can't stand Aloy as a character she's a stuck up bitch. Characters are bland and boring, the UI is bad in my opinion. There's a lot to like in the sequel but there's much more not to like. Idk I'll get this on sale when it does go on sale. I love syfi but not this. The music, characters, their armor, etc all seems cringe. Idk it's just not for me at all. I don't see how a game like this got a Sequel but then again I see who these game appeal too  Good review though.
If the game is half as good as Skillups review, I'll totally enjoy this game
I am so sad this isn't coming out on PC right away. Well actually i dont think my GTX 1080 would give it justice so maybe its best if it takes a bit of time. Frustrating time for gamers who want to upgrade their systems but cant afford the massively inflated prices rn.
Thank u skillup for emphasizing quality over quantity n creation freedom working alongside talent, u cannot buy that... soo glad 😊 u brought this up.
I have been waiting for this review for a long time and it did not disappoint, first of all spoiler free, then it goes into detail for the thoughts and highlights both, the positive and the areas of improvement. I am really happy for Guerrilla and looking forward to play, thanks Ralph for the great work
Is there a word that means hyped, but like.... ALOT more?
Sounds like some goty potential
Her face still looks chubby. Guess it's too late to set her on a diet now.
With about 300 hrs into the game, I absolutely LOVED Zero Dawn and can’t wait to dive into the world of Forbidden West! Here’s to another 300 hrs!
I don't have a ps5 or know if any games already do this but maybe there could be thing where if you pull a lever or draw something like a bow it could be hard enough or some other way to create a ton of resistance and (For levers or buttons or something) that by the time its fully pressed the lever will be pulled and can be cancelled by releasing it  I hope it makes sense
nice another openworld endless dialoge game, thx to all gaming influencers for makin the world a better place
Do you and ACG call each other and say: "Ok are you ready? 123...POST!" Some of your reviews come out at the same time lol
You gushing about how good this game looks.  Me: Yes, this game does look good on my 1080p monitor.
Ahh. Missus Potatohead.
I hope my ps4 pro can run it.... No way I can get a ps5
very detailed review, loved it
OK.  This is weird, literally the second horizon review I'm watching today and both talk about mass effect 2. I suspect these are key phrases from Sony itself.  9.5 or 10?  I strongly doubt that the mathematics of Sony exclusives means the game is 6 or 7 and that's ok
The combat in the 1st game that open sandbox was great but that was it the rest of the game meaning story characters side missions were so boring people were like robots and the machines had more personality and they cant even talk gave it a 6/10 i really hope this sequel fixed all those issues because if not a days gone sequel needs to happen because that game had alot of potential just like this series in a sequel
"Let the games do the talking“ 💁‍♂️
Owning a ps5 sure would be nice right now.
I watched one and an half minutes of this review before I stopped. I’m getting too excited for this game. I still remember finishing the first game and going to Reddit to see if there are any news on an sequel. People on Reddit have came out with concept arts that got me so excited at times. I can’t believe it’s coming out and the praise you gave in the first two minutes. I’m going to enjoy this game so much and I’ll come back and finish the review when I’m done with the game!
100% agree on the crafting system.  Doesn’t work well with the incredible machine combat.  It’s as if they tailored it for hunter/human gameplay, as opposed to designing ammo capacity for the amount it would take to take on machines.  Still really looking forward to this one.
the sony shill has logged on , cant wait to play it in 2-3 years
The one thing that's sticking out to me in this review: Aloy's hair. Good lord Guerilla games, you tech wizards..
Is the fish AI better than CoD Ghosts?
I just can't get into the first game but I feel like I'm missing out on one of the great game series. I understand how people feel when they say they can't get into witcher 3 which I think is a masterpiece because I feel like I'm in the wrong not being able to get on with these games.
When you comment the game has 'monster hunter' like combat,,, im sold
What's a popin
the first time i truly beleive you are selling a game. and does not sound good
If the game is as refreshing as the review, this must be a fantastic game to experience
What a great review! A masterpiece in it's own right and very much what a masterpiece of a game like this deserves! Thank you so much for the service you do to this industrie... The only downside of it all is that I have to wait for the PC version, as I can't f*ing buy a PS5 at all.
Amazing review as always, already pre ordered my copy of course. Thanks
17:38 and a few other points - some weird audio blips that also occurred in your last video. Thought you might want to know!
Well that's cool, between this and gran turismo 7 I kind of want a ps.. cant see spending the money tho when my pc is such a money pit already.. someday this should come to pc..
I didnt have a PS4 but I do now own a PS5, should I play the first game?
Sadly, it looks like they kept the bonfire-saving mechanics. This system is atrocious and should not be used in 2022 as it doesn't respect the player's time.
how is gyro aiming
1:54 Is one of the tribes a German football fanclub???
Looks good! Waiting for this to make it to PC.. Interesting to see you rate it so highly, and FextraLife saying meh, save your money for Elden Ring and buy this later. Easy loot just sounds like common sense. Unless a monster self-destructs on death, why do I have to chop off its tail before killing it, instead of after? Beasts should be butchered when dead, not tortured by chopping off parts when they are alive.
Awesome review (as always)!
This game looks just like the first one and nothing like that trailer they showed months ago. Why do they keep doing this?
If an Xbox game had these bugs, it would be all over Twitter and everyone YouTuber condemning the game but hey PlayStation and Nintendo free pass
Was waiting for your words to make my decision to preorder it. If its the same as the first with improved mechanics then I will
Looks like an amazing game but sheesh…. That pop-in looks atrocious. Particularly if it’s performance mode on PS5 I’d hate to see it on other consoles.  Might be best when it makes its way to PC u less it can be resolved with a patch.
I never replayed Zero Dawn after it premiered and when Forbidden West got announced I thought the best thing to do would be to replay it. The thing is I've got a lot of work to do and I'm not sure if I'll be able to finish it again before Friday. I am a sucker for stories though, so if Shill Up says knowledge of Zero Dawn helps a lot with Forbidden West I'm going to finish the first game before playing this. Even if that means I won't start Forbidden West the first day (maybe they'll fix the pop ins or some other bugs in th efirst few days?)
"As someone who loved Horizon Zero Dawn" well I'm out then, I thought the first was very dull, in all aspects, not badly made, just maybe not for me.  Edit: Combat does look very good though, and the easy loot option would ease the boring part of the grind 🤔
Is this game available in ps4?
Please talk about the Cauldrons, tallnecks, hunts all the cool activities, but you forgot the 1st rule of fight club 😡.
Came for the review, stayed for the Dinoriders reference.
I have to disagree with you on your Mass Effect parallel. Mass Effect 2 wasn't better than Mass Effect. It was just more mainstream and accessible. However, it dumbed down elements from the first game (there were no longer armors you could find and buy, which was an essential gameplay progression part of the first title). BTW, I think the same about the Arkham games, too (the first is better than the second). Arkham Asylum was a carefully crafted Metroidvania, while Arkham City went bigger and lost the focus of the first title.
Skill up: complains for half the review Also skill up: 9.5/10!
cant wait to play the pc port in a year or two
Canceled my triangle strategy and strangers of paradise preorders and preordered the ps4 special edition (save ten bucks on ps5 upgrade for free anyway)
Did I see a Triceratops??!
1st Horizon game was definitely my favorite Sony PC release so far (GoW was pretty underwhelming for me), so I rly hope we will also see this one on PC.  Great review as always Destiny Shill Up.
Great review. He is hoping for a fast pc port
People that behind this game have amazing talent. They are artists.
I'm just glad they kept Aloy's midriff. 10/10
I have a feeling the game will be received amazingly regardless of what skill up says. I think minor gripes that he has probably won’t even be noticed when the game comes out.   Never mind the fact that he won’t even offer any solutions. He’ll just say how he doesn’t like something and then moved on to the next topic, like what?   Don’t like the arrow crafting?   Ok  What would you put in it’s place then?   Oh and also, not every game needs to be goddamn breath of the wild. Can we just let BOTW be BOTW ffs.  Those are my minor gripes about his review
I am glad this game is great. I plan to play this after Elden Ring since I have limited playing time these days and this seems to deserve my focus when the time is right.
Have fun my fellow ps4/ps5 gamers See you in 3_5 years when this gets ported to pc
I don't get why one would need an almost 40 minute long video for this. Here is my review: This is just more of the same. If you liked the 1st game, you will like the 2nd one - just be aware that the story is significantly less engaging - and the side content has been cranked up to 11. You thought the amount of Bandit camps in the first camp was just right? Well too bad, because now you have 10 times as many - same goes for all the other side content. It's just too much. That being said - you should stay away from the game because, trust me, not buying this sexist garbage, which is -in the end - just another open world grind, will turn the gaming landscape as a whole into a better place.
I'm glad you liked the Dualsense... some ppl write it off but it has quickly become one of the few things that can make me think I might have to buy a game on PS5 instead of PC even when games eventually become available everywhere
I’ll pick it up when it’s on sale.
I'll play it when it comes to Gamepass.
No proper Skillup review without footage of him turning off motion blur.
i absolutely disagree with your take on what is good sci-fi. I abhor when sci-fi settings are only used as a backdrop to some social drama.
One big problem in this game chief, Elden Ring is releasing next week.
horizon zero dawn was one of the best games ive ever played. the story, the characters, the world (OMG the world) and the combat all just came together so well it reminded me of what kind of games i thought id be playing when i was dreaming about gaming in the 2020s back in 1998.
Still a better story than Last of Us 2
I didnt love the first horizon, I felt like it was another checklist game with absolutely no verticality, is this game any different
God I wish monolith infused with gorilla games somehow. That would’ve been my favorite gaming project ever
I got 100% and a Platinum on Horizon Zero Dawn. I can’t wait to invest the time and do the same with this one on my brand new PlayStation 5!
Ohmygawd, Shillup videos now have markers? This one is for the books, folks!
Can we get a new killzone
Xbot here, Horizon Forbidden West looks incredible.   Congrats on it coming out and enjoy your time playing.
nice
hair physics are kinda wild ngl
Those animations just look superb... visual fidelity is all good, but for it's always the animations that sell me on a game.
Already pre-ordered Elden Ring but 100% going back to this after.  I platted HZD, absolutely loved it can't wait to play this
I have no problem mastering sifu on ps5 until they fix the bugs
Anyone know what languages it has for audio?
More than the game itself i was eagerly waiting for this game cuz I still fucking haven't gotten myself a ps5
Yep, preordered a while ago
Glad this is the opposite of the last of us 2
That pop-in on PS5 is insane, so much for the super fast SSD
When is PC release? Also, will it be an exclusive to any store?
Personally I hated the first game and thought I’d was highly overrated even though I’m more of a open world fanboy but this game looks a lot more promising than the first one, so I might be keeping a keen eye on it now cause of this video now
Man some of these criticisms are stupid, I gotta say.  Like you’re mad at crafting arrows mid-combat? Like what do you want them to do?  Unlimited arrows?   Limited arrows where you only have so much?   You’ll be fine
I didn’t like the first game. Definetly will wait for a sale for this one
So despite the game being improved in almost every way, the game is still managing to get the same score on metacritic as its predecessor. I guess Sony forgot to buy off all the crooked "reviewers".
I sadly am one of those peeps that checked out within the first 10 hours of Horizon Zero Dawn, but I am an avid follower of your reviews and you have just convinced me to pick it up again in preparation for this sequel. Thank you for being such an amazing reviewer :)
Waiting for the PC version in 4 years~ ;/
Cool looking game but personally I can’t stand 3rd person games. I cannot get immersed in the world doesn’t matter how good it looks. Might as well play any platformer. I wish they used this updated engine for Kill Zone remakes.
Those fanboys shouting Sony is doomed after Microsoft acquired Activision Blizzard don't realise that the current Activision Blizzard are not capable of making games remotely as good as this.
God I love your reviews, Ralph. Thanks as always. Can't wait to play HFW..!!
What's with the absolutely terrible fire explosion animation?
Pikachu tribe for the win
Thanks for an awesome review to watch and listen to. YOU are one for the history books
Ngl not surpised to be fair I knew it was gonna be great
Still I have 0 interest in this game. In big games like this story is important for me. Don’t wanna spend 40h on story that doesn’t make any sense
I just got my PS5! This will be the first game I will install. ❤️
Bought HZD on PC two weeks ago. Started playing and after a few hours, I knew the game is AWESOME. Still plenty of hours left in that one (gladly :-)), I will definitely buy this one when it comes to PC :-)
Now that the consoles has gotten much more powerful, I am extremely looking forward to the RPGs that are going to come.
Looks like you are playing in a cartoony model railway landscape. Definitely way too much depth of field and bright colors. Also, gameplay and details don´t look as smooth as e.g. RDR 2 for an open world game. Overall gameplay looks a bit edgy.
Currently playing The Frozen Wilds. CAN'T WAIT TO GET THIS!!!
This game looks really good, but I think I am going to skip it and wait until next year for the PC release. Between Dying Light 2 and Elden Ring I don't think I have enough time to truly give this game all the time that it deserves. And of course I want to play it on PC with 0 graphical compromise
Tbh, I never was a fan of the combat. Bows were never fun for me in video games. I can use them as a secondary weapon for ranged attacks to get the attnetion of enemies or as a silent ranged kill, but I would never have fun playing with it as my main weapon. I guess the addition of weak points to hit and elements to apply makes this a bit more interesting, but I can't see myself being engaged in a system that asks you to always stay away and charge your bow.
I'm so excited for this, although waiting to see how it runs on the PS4 because not sure weather to get it for my PS4 or wait for the PC port
I’m still not a fan of only being able to climb yellow marked ledges. What is this 2009?
The growth  of Guerilla games studios makes me cry!, really good !!
Pop in sucks but I know that will be fixed, it’s their first game on the new hardware and it’s a huge game.
Awesome review, man your reviews are some of the best on YouTube
Atrocious loot system/inventory management is what made me quit the first one, couldn't stand it
Ill defo pick this up, maybe in the next few months. Lets iron out those bugs and glitches and ill purchase.
Having watched the full review I don't understand how can you consider Horizon 2 a masterpiece and at the same time say it has serious popping, convoluted menus, too much gathering and crafting, mediocre melee combat, frustrating traversal and an uninspired main story.
Dinoriders was wicked.
Disappointed with the performance. Didn't Snoy promise 4k60 across the board for this gen?
I enjoyed the reveiw but I disagree on the aspect that a story having to little to no call back to a pre-existing title is a good thing. Some titles like these excel where the callbacks and connections of lore and story bits are stronger. No one's gonna complain or care if you play left 4 dead 2 first and not understand some references and callbacks to first game but if you start for the first time the metro series on first light or redux and expect to know what the hell is going on; that's not a game problem , that's a player problem. I understand that it might not be everyone's cup of tea but you cant really criticize a game sequel's story if you dont know what came before. It's like complaining about ( spoilers) that in Harry Potter and prisoner of azkaban that Ron's pet rat scabbers is peter pettigrew transformed in hiding from the law and a sworn death eater that serves Voldemort but the veiwer skips this movie and starts off In the goblet of fire after watching the first 2 movies and asks: wheres is scabbers and what happened to him?. Some game narratives shouldn't have to hold your hand of what's going on, especially in sequels. When they do it only dumbs down the new story for newbies who just passing through anyways .
I just subscribed your channel the moment I saw you mentioned (and cared) accessiblity options.
👎DISLIKE SurfShark
No way, shill up being neutral when he reviewing a game???
The comparisons with Ghost of Tsushima and Death Stranding made my JAW hit the ground. They looked like PS3 games compared to the HFW footage. And at that time I thought these games were stunners. Damn!
@2:51 There's is better open world combat out there... Your obviously just a big fan of ranged attacks... andd maybe getting paid for saying it too :))
Found the first one boring glad to hear this one might be better for me
The first one felt like a chore to me...
I just hope they slowed down on the woke bits, first game was a solid gameplay experience beside that... I'm not 100% against 'woke' storytelling, but the first game went at it in such a childish way that it just kept jerking me out of my immersion.
Too bad it's probably going to take two years to hit PC.
And in 2 weeks nobody but the most loyal Ponys will even remember that game
For us which love RPGs this climbing is much better than to waste time on other limitless climbing and traveling there is more important things to do
"I tested Horizon Forbidden West on the Ps5...the game is also available on the Ps4" After I knew I could actually play the game I stopped watching right there 😅 I'll circle back to this video after I complete it. Thanks as always! You give a fantastic roadmap for people who may not have the time to play everything they have interest in, but still want to play.
Started playing Zero Dawn totally blind, no expectations. Seeing primitive ppl fighting robot animals with bows and arrows.. I was like wtf is this 5hit. But it became my favorite game of all time. Visually stunning, captivating story, awesome fighting mechanics. Can't wait for PC version.
Horizon Forbidden Wakanda................................................pass.
So it is bow bow bow bow bow bow all over again? No thanks
You’re fast becoming my favourite reviewer brother
What was that review. How did you just waste 40 minutes of my time. The entire premise of this review is that "Hey you know how all those stupid open-world games are boring. Well this one isn't. Trust me". But I'm out here every single time you repeat this asking "How?". Not once did I get any sense of why this game is any better. Oh but there are so many enemies and varieties that require planning and blah blah blah... What variety? How is this jumble of metal monstrosity any different from that? From all I could tell from this video you just stand back and shoot at its weak spots, put some traps and dodge when they come close. And what was that analogy with Monster Hunter. The fucking exaggeration "You don't know anything". As if you're not just dodging, blocking and attacking at the right time. Oh but you don't know when you can cut the tail, you don't know when another one will show up. Like more enemies can't show up in Assassins creed or any other shitty open-world game or enemies that can have multiple attacks without you knowing which one its gonna be. The traversal once again: HOW? It looks just as boring as any other. But the quest have multiple steps(like that's never been done before) and are sometimes not marked on your map(again). And? So what? How does that make the game better? How is that any different from the others? You admit that the first one is boring and sluggish in the beginning ... but then it magically gets better. Trust me bro. And I guess I'll forever remain here asking myself "How?". I don't know, maybe this is the greatest open-world game, with the best combat, but I wouldn't know, not from watching this review anyway. As someone who's tired of these open-world games, this review, trying to convince me that this one is any different has been an absolute FAIL.
Wonderful unique review 👌
Ps5 only tho? Big biggg sad
There are a lot of “bruh” moments in this review
The GTA III level of foliage texture just passing through Alloy with no interaction (apart from texture clipping) is the true next-gen physics you talked about?
DONT BULLY MAKO ! its the best part of the game !!!!!
Late last year I upgraded from a PlayStation 4 and joined the next-gen console club, getting a juicy series X. Before that though I spent weeks deliberating over which console to buy, ultimately settling on an Xbox due to its unrivalled value for money (Low income household with 3 kids that always take priority) in game pass and its seemingly bold and intelligent moves in obtaining game studios. This choice did not come easy for me though. I truly struggled with the fact that I’d be missing out on fantastic first party titles like God of War, Spider-Man, Wolverine and of course Horizon. I truly loved Zero Dawn - its combat, its world building and story, its biomes and of course Alloy herself, it really hit the right notes that have stuck with since I completed it - something which seems to have become more and more a rarity for me across all the games I play and as I grow older and the gaming landscape evolves.  And whilst i am completely happy with the choice I made and continue to enjoy a lot of what Microsoft and Xbox has to offer now and in the future, missing out on Forbidden West hits me in the feels - I can’t help but feel like I’m missing something truly great - and watching this review has really nailed it home how much disappointment and regret (maybe regret is not the right word… jealousy… envy…) I feel knowing it may be a very long time before I get to experience this for myself.  Thanks for the review Shill up, you really made this one hard to watch 😉
It sounds fantastic
Only wish teething issues remain not as bad a Cyberpunk(or takes atleast 500 gb of updates or patches to fix it).
I still feel the human character designs are out of place. I think the robo dinos makes more sense in that world. But despite that I still enjoyed the heck out of the first game. And this one looks even more amazing.
If skill Up says it's good, I immediately forget my don't pre-order rule and press the buy button at my online gamestore. Can' t wait till the weekend
Let's review another game ..... by shiting on other games and call it a day. ... worst review I've seen on yt so far!!!
Game looks phenomenal on PS5. I’m worried about how it will run on PS4
I hated the looting and crafting arrows in the first game, super bummed to hear they haven't improved that at all
oof, that pop-in is actually dreadful
Its great to finally get a review, of a great game after the crap Ubisoft/ EA and the likes there of release, in a half finished/ buggy/missing content state to get a good game is fantastic even if it does have pop in issues and a lack of arrows,  to finally get a good game to play that I cant (PC master race user)
Here we go another sponsored review by shill up
yawn, looks just like the first game. the ubisoft formula is getting boring
Don't know if The Lazy Joe Show will ever release a game review within 2 months as they're too busy with watching movies
1, CoD is staying anyway and 2, people who believe sony would be screwed without Activision are absolutely ridiculous and never understood why people buy PS to begin with. Same with Nintendo. Microsoft needs those third party games much much muuuuch more. And Amazon + google? Google gaming is dead and Amazon idk. They are building their own stuff
Is her hair sentient? Because it looks like it is alive.
The side content in the first game was the same way for me. I loved it so much that towards the end of the game I was so OP. I did everything before moving on. Cannot wait to play this.
lol i played a horizon a couple of years ago and watching this review im not sure the clips are from forbidden west or zero dawn
Excellent review. Still need to finish the first game, but this definitely has me hyped for both of them. Gotta finish Death Stranding first tho. 😁
The frequent use of hyperbole in this review makes this seem like a free marketing coverage.
Best combat in an open world game.. until next week.
My only "problem" with this brilliant follow up on Horizon Dawn - which I'm really looking forward to - that except the "bigger, more beautiful, more vast, more flashy in looks" and obviously a new story... this plays like Horizon Dawn 1 as far as I can tell, maybe 1.5 (like a DLC with new weapons). I hear SkillUp being too excited about the sense of exploration, mystery, going to do a quest, but stopping by to kill a herd of enemies with unique components, or ruins, or unexpected huge enemies, however... that was all there already... and except maybe the water sequences and more detail to puzzles/side quests elements (extra fine tuning)... this overexcitement I don't get it. It feels like SkillUp sees for the first time stuff, that they have been HD1, so... it's just funny and I feel like it's a bit too much of overhype.  What I'm saying is - this is not an upgrade like eg from GTA 4 to GTA 5, Witcher 2 to Witcher 3, Oblivion to Skyrim, ME1 to ME2, RDR1 to RDR2, MGS 3 to MGS 4. it's not a bad thing by no means, let me be clear about it - they say "avoid attempting to correct, fix, or improve what is already sufficient"  - BUT, for that reason, I'm gonna wait for the price to drop down. I've recently finished Horizon Dawn, I loved the experience, but since this is not a far off experience in gameplay, I don't feel like I need to dive in instantly and do the same things at the current price tag.
Now I just need to wait 4 more years to get it on PC :)  The first game was a blast for me and I even though of getting a PS5 but realised that it's impossible to get one at MSRP and I'm broke.
So happy to hear this I pre odered the collectors edition
Thanks for the review Ralph. So anxious to play this in a few days on my PS5
Looking forward to it all!
Dude! I loved Dinoriders! Not many people remember that show. I had alot of the toys.
I hate to be that guy... bc a lot of commenters seem psyched, which is great, enjoy! I own a PS5, and when I saw the Tweet/YT notification that said "ABSOLUTELY SUPERB" I was like "oh hell yeah, I'll play a gorgeous DECIMA engine sci-fi post-post-apocalypse PS5 game!" Then I started the review, and immediately could feel something was off. Keep in mind, I've been a big ShillUp fan since the Division 2 pivot-era. That means I've literally watched every single review on this channel, even for games I have zero interest in, or games on the Switch or PC (RN I only play Series X & PS5). I think of all the "YouTube Gaming Critics" or whatever, Ralph has not only been pretty damn close to perfect with his takes on games (DEATHLOOP notwithstanding), but he consistently evaluates games with a genuine, unbiased, objective viewpoint— praising what we as gamers view as "objectively good" qualities: impressive visuals / sound & other technical attributes (AKA "Digital Foundry Stuff"), innovative design, consistently engaging gameplay (especially in terms of variety), innovative design that focuses on challenging the player, but also making sure they're equipped for said challenge (think Elden Ring), a satisfying narrative that's either uniquely gripping (Undertale) or traditionally well-constructed (Uncharted 4). Most importantly I think, is a game's ability to be memorable in some way; small indie games can be just as mind-blowing (Outer Wilds) as bigger ones (Psychonauts 2), but for different reasons. So what the fuck am I getting at? This Review is filled with contradictions to the point where *crowbcat* could make a video showing all of them back to back, and there's a lot. The whole thing has as much praise thrown at Guerilla – mainly for visual fidelity / art design, varied combat encounters/ quests, and impressive character moments involving interwoven dialogue – as it does _excuses_ for disastrous issues involving *ALL* of those same things. The frame rate is a buttery smooth 60fps, except when it isn't and you have to hard reset. The companions add... something, but the story is entirely drivel and requires _extensive_ knowledge of the previous game, and even then it's still not worth absorbing. The game looks absolutely beautiful, but there are *ENTIRE, MASSIVE STRUCTURES* that _totally disappear until you stand right in front of them, and they pop into view. The combat is the "best of any open world game ever" (absolutely NOT, also totally subjective), but the melee is even _worse_ than the last game, and the traversal is wonky, and the weapons / encounter design relies too heavily on targeting specific elemental weaknesses or whatever. He states multiple times that "This really *sucks."* The traversal, the looting, the LOD pop-in, heavy-handed story, the mid-fight crafting, the ability tree which was only mentioned bc the melee is bad, and so much else I'm literally going to run out of space. No one will read this anyway, but here's my point. The Review starts with "I don't give scores but this is a 9.5 or a 10." *NOWHERE* in this Review (for a game whose predecessor I OWN, and bounced off of after I got Persona 5 & Death Stranding) did I see or hear anything to convince me that this game is not only worth $70, but the cost of a FIVE HUNDRED DOLLAR PS5 _on its own,_ and will "go down in history books as one of the greats." I'm not saying anything other than "you did not make a convincing argument in any way shape of form that this is in ANY way some kind of "instant classic must play", unless you really really like shooting arrows and roll dodging. There's more to the game than that, I'm aware, but none of it looked like it was some kind of *evolution of the open world formula,* because you just said "it's like Witcher 3 or Mass Effect 2, but the enemies are HUGE SPASTIC TRANSFORMERS, and that somehow makes it better." As far as the best combat ever is concerned, after playing the Elden Ring CNT (I'm not even that big on Souls games), I'm calling this *RIGHT NOW* so mark my words— you will be giving that title to Elden Ring when you review it. The depth, build complexity and just crazy fun addictive combat in the CNT alone makes me sure of that. Idk where your marketing exec "Sony only makes gold" phrases scattered around this video came from, but they seem very misleading for a game with so many problems, and so little real value. Your *RETURNAL Review* made me buy it on the spot, and it blew my MIND. *This* Review makes me wanna watch a different review, to see what's really going on with "Forbidden Mess".
Don't be a scrubs, stop swearing
1.5 minutes into this video and that's all I need to hear. I trust skill up and I absolutely loved the first game. Week 1 purchase.
Alright, just gotta wait for 4 years to play it on my PC.
Feel like the only guy in the world who looks at first Horizon game and goes "very average, cool concept for monster and thats all" I tried playing it twice and just didnt feel compelled to continue. Monsters are only fun to kill once, then you realize it's the same old "shoot here  and do big dmg" concept.
I can't believe they put reactive triggers but not gyro-aiming. I played the first Horizon on the PC with a switch controller and gyro aim and it was great. I can't go back. I don't understand why devs don't put it in their games on a console with a controller that already has gyro sensors !
So... digital version (no second-hand market for this one) and preorder it is then. I personally buy blue ray version whenever I'm not sure if game will be in my taste (or simply good) but for such a gem it would be a shame not to honor them with full price.
I guess I'm going to go full melee for HFW
Seriously...
Jesus that pop in
"red-headed stepchild of ranged combat" in a game where you play a red-headed stepchild.
Glad you managed to point out the flaws here, and showing that while there, they don't overshadow the package. Looking forward to picking this up on your recommendation Ralph.
Its a shame i cant get ahold of a ps5
Honestly I know I'm going to get some negative replies, but it's nothing special, just avatar in games , this is just my opinion , but Witcher 3 to me was same old same old just making this overly complicated to drag out time.  This game is nothing but a more narrative based monster hunter , this game is a 7 just because how beautiful it looks , but same old same old , funny how hard people can simp for graphics and cut scene- fetch quest grinds YAY!   Love all your other video's though awesome content and reviews!
Loved the first game, we'll love this one even more, most likely will be MY PERSONAL game of the year
Looks like a fantastic game that will yet again be overrated to infinity and beyond by fanboys. Will definitely pick this one up.... after I complete Sifu and Elden Ring.
I really really really wish this game was ps5 exclusive and not cross gen..I doubt we'd have the pop in if it was made for the ps5 and ps5 only from the ground up. Not saying it would be magically 4k 120fps but it definitely would have better performance and gfx. It's such a shame that over s year in were still stuvk being held back my PS4. And I really wonder why people still buy games for it instead of 9uttinb their money towards a next gen console. I know it's still impossible to find one. But where a will is there's a way. Anyone dedicated enough can fix one. Join one of the restock telegram and discovers groups bro. Best the scalpers and their own game. Push your legislators to imprison stalkers and spread rumors about them being p3d0 in prison. You know. Normal stuff
Sony playstation games create great successful games because of there unique game engine for every individual game.Each game feels so different unique and fresh.Whereas Xbox only new engine for particular game was halo and that slipspace engine blows👍
Im very excited to jump into this game, but on PS5 the base game is $70, and Im just not there yet.
a lot of pop ins... like a lot.. Bushes just popping in... rocks just popping in, just by looking through the footage in this video.. really buggy.. I'm a veteran HZD player and beat the game 4 times on ultra hard for the fun of it.. definitely getting this on ps4 but ps5 version so far i'm seeing is quite underwhelming and doesn't look as good as the grameplay trailers they been putting out months before.
All I have to do is wait for the pc release
Shill up. You must play with 3D sound a game like this. (Headphones). I don’t know 1 person who thinks Dual Sense is just gimmick
6:35 Legend has it, the rest of the building still hasn't finished popping in.
Ohhh crap. Whatever shillup hates generic critics like. Hope it's not the opposite this time
that's it.... i'll buy PS5 from scalper....
🧐👍
We will never see an open world game of this size bug free. It’s just impossible. Imo. From Witcher over Zelda over anything else.
Love the Dino-Riders reference 👌
My biggest issue with this release, is how soon it is to Elden Ring and Lost Ark, which I have gotten fully lost into....
11:15 No RNG at all? weird since this is an RPG with custom builds.
Great review! But I wonder how the audio and music are :D
I really like the number of accessibility and UI options they've added, along with the various gameplay, visual and controller options - I hope this is a trend we see in more and more games!
Best reviewer out there. Its like watching and listening to an interesting visual essay delivered by an exceptional colleague
ah yes. shillup getting dazzled by graphics again.
Nice review, but there are so many things I disagree with. Primarily open world and combat. In my opinion you are way overstating how good it is.
Played HZD on pc for the first time, spent a lot of hours in it doing all the little things. I quite enjoyed it. Definitely looking forward to playing the sequel and think am going to wait for the pc version. I just hate having to aim with a controller.
First one was totaly overrated imo , I find the plot and the characters completely bland and didn't have any motivation to finish the game. This one looks good but i wonder if the history and the characters are better worked this time.
28:58 that guy looks like Wong in doctor Strange
I saw one monster fight and literally my first thought was - it's monster hunter o(*°▽°*)o tbh I'm still shocked that more games do not tackle MH topic
God damnit. I really enjoyed horizon zero dawn but figured I was done with it. Recently even got all the dlc for free and a great post upgrade. I couldn't even be bothtered to go back. But I had almost 100% the game already after all. Gotten the cool recharge armor. Gotten all the weapon upgrades etc    Eventhoufh I had no doubt forbidden westneas gonna be good I had no interest in buying it. Not yet anyway. Maybe later during a sale.   But it seems like I'll be buying 2 games this month. Forbidden west and elder ring
I’m so happy to hear guerrilla did good. I’ve been a fan since killzone 1 and have recently fallen in love with zero dawn.
I really wish I could like the Horizon series, unfortunately it's just one of those games where I know it's good, I know it looks good and I enjoy watching content, but the play experience just isn't for me
After playing HZD on a top end PC I just can’t bring myself to play on a console now. I want native 4K@60 again. I want the best graphics settings and further draw distance. It could be a long wait or might never happen at all but that’s that. I hope whoever is playing is enjoying themselves rn though 🙂
Love your reviews.  So glad I found this channel!
Lovely, but I will wait until the pc release, a few years down the line.
it pains my heart this ain't coming to PC anytime soon :/
Hey crazy deluded G4 lady, what was that you were saying about Playstation being 'a dead man walking' and 'having no games'???  Say hello to my little friend Horizon😏
"It would take me a whole video to say why Horizon Forbidden West has the best combat of any open world" 29:36 Please do! I'd watch that, probably multiple times too. Also amazing review!!!
No mention of the robot Kangaroos?!
Looks the same as the first Shill up.
Anything with jumping puzzles is a hard pass.
Comparison to ME2 really doesn't work because ME2 was pretty terrible.
Good to know that i have something after finishing Elden ring.
16:05 that shot of Aloy running through the river is genuinely enough to sell me on this game. Absolutely beautiful. I hope Sony maintains this level of quality through this generation.
The PS5 isn’t exactly a $500 console though, is it (:
dont really feel like supporting sony anymore.
Can you not turn off that blur at the bottom of the screen?
I'm excited for my PS4 to lift off into space while playing this!
would be cool id i could get my hands on a ps5 anytime this year. dang scalpers.
Big ups to Dino-Riders! Never thought I'd hear someone reference that - what a great show.
Looks good. I hope it is mostly fixed when it is available on PC.
God I'm SO fucking excited!
God damn i wish i had a ps5 😅
Being a PC player can hurt sometimes ... :(
6:25 that actually scared me so much i yelped
lets hope the draw distance is Better in Forbidden West cause in Zero Dawn is just Awful Even on PS5 with the PS5 patch atleast that we know the Feminisms crap will be even More in thr second one
One question, do Stalker & Scorcher make a return?
Thanks Ralph, awesome review as usual! Now I only need a PS5 or a PC version of the game... LoL guess I'll have to wait.
Don’t forget you can buy the PS4 version and do the free upgrade to PS5. Should save you some money.
this game feels like it evolve after seeing monster hunter world, BOTW and GoT. It's gonna be amazing!
Dual sense triggers: off. Controller speaker: off.  Then I'll be good. These are just battery wasters on the controllers already bad battery.
Said it’s the best open world combat, proceed to list why it’s shit. Fair, i guess. I didn’t enjoy the combat in the first game so shame that it didn’t seem to evolved that much. Also, shame on the story. I dropped the first game cos I didn’t engage with the story or the characters at all, but the fact that the main story is kinda weak is a shame. Guess I’ll just wait for discounts.
It always bugged me that she couldn't block or parry human enemy melee attacks in the first game. Honestly, if that mechanic is still not included in this, I'm not buying. Seems like a little thing but I'm picky like that.
Literally been checking every day for this review since it was teased last week. Thank you Skillup!! :D
A $500 dollar console? Where do you get those 😂
It looks like the combat is exactly the same with many of the previous enemies returning. I'll wait for it on sale, 1st one was alright.
*REMEMBER:* You can get this game $10 cheaper by buying the PS4 version rather than the PS5 version. Since you get the upgrade free.
You did your best not to spoil Horizon zero dawn but the subtitles at 25:32 need to be blurred. (or just shut your eyes)
ugh.. this looks. so good :D...warming up to this The only unanswered question I have is: does Aloy have personality this time?
So for ign: Halo Infinite, witcher 3, Dark Souls, Pokémon Sword, Sekiro, Halo 5 And Horizon FW are on one level? Mmmmkay.    Sorry but watching reviews these days is like being in an S&M club. Just pure pain 🤣 But hey, they gave alien isolation a 5.8 and Halo 4 a higher rating than Witcher 3. Why I’m even confused now 🤣 Sony needs more delusional fanboys at ign and friends xD. Like Nintendo and Xbox.
Good video. That's a lot of critique to give a 9.5/10 score, but fair enough :D
I don’t enjoy shooter games too much but HZD is the best third person shooter I ever played. Sounds like this one is even better. Sadly, I’m going to wait until after I platinum elden ring to try this one.
what a video!
WHOA WHOA WHOA. LETS NOT TALK SHIT ABOUT THE MAKO HERE!!!!
X-ray vision, X-ray vision, XXX
60 hours into dying light. I’m ready for horizon
Interesting to see how many are praising this game as a near masterpiece whilst other outlets not so much. Anyway I always come to Skill Up when I want a review I can agree with, boy speaks the truth!! . Cant trust some other game journalists these days, especially from larger companies
On pc now so I’ll be watching on YT…
It is hilarious that people think Sony, a company that has been around longer than they have been alive, is going to tank because of something an american company does.
01:10 Sadly they didn't improve/fix Aloy's design. The dev's should have taken a look at the mod (from AlexPo21 I think) that corrects her face (that looks like a hamster with a jaw like an excavator's shovel) and makes it look as it should've in the first place. Sad times all around.
This is the fourth review I have watched and no other previous review that I watched mentions the pop in, accessibility options or the dual sense,  bizarre.  Great review as always, thank you.
I was sold as soon as you mentioned wanting to explore on foot. I got that experience from Ghost of Tsushima and hadn't realized before that how important is was to me that a game have good environment and exploration with a dense world. So many open world games feel empty and you just want to cross the lengths between objectives as quickly as possible. I'm glad to hear this game isn't one of them. :)
As a very poor man I'm absolutely fucking GUTTED I won't get to play this until I a) pilfer a PS5 or b) they release on PC. The first one was probably my favourite game since the Witcher 3.  Lovely stuff nonetheless Shill Up!
No you get out of here with your amazing Playstation games.. now I'm just mad I gotta wait for the PC port....
I loved the first one but was ambivalent towards a sequel, but everyone is really selling it to me.
On one hand I am so happy I just played the first game again and will be able to play this game soon but on the other I'm so sad I'm gonna have to push this game to after elden ring
God I fucking love it when games turn out well. I don't care if they're exclusive or multiplatform, indie or AAA or whatever, it's just great when there are nice games. I wish all games turned out amazing.  Also love the acknowledgement for MonHun, I'm glad they managed to borrow many good elements from it and made it much more accessible
When will game devs learn we all hate motion blur
pikachu is that you?
I really need this to be ported to PC fast.... We only have my gaming PC and my fiancée's Xbox Series S in the house. A PS5 isn't on the cards because we are saving for our wedding, but I LOVED Zero Dawn when I played on PC, so I'd happily pay those Sony game prices if they bring it to PC faster than usual.
What's wrong with her face tho?
Wait. Did you kill a fox? That's illegal.
I unironically would love a monster hunter world type co-op game in horizon world.
Fuck yeah!!!
I'm happy for this game, fuck the first one was greatness!! It's something that xbox really needs, this kind of game.   I play mainly on xbox because of it's ecosystem, halo, forza and because of the controler. Jumping from ps 3 controler and onto xbox one was quiet good there(but not the consol entirely), today I'm happy with my series X but it lacks a game like this. Not many fix that scratch. But Sony doesn't make me willing for their ps5. Only games I'd like to have for a ps5 are Horizon forbidden , God of War and Days Gone(I like days gone, don't bash me for it.)  So only 3 titles for a consol isn't worth for me. But I like what I see here! I can only wait to get it on pc, that will be grand!!
I miss you you
I found the first game so unbelievable exhausting and boring that I couldn’t even finish it. So even tho this game looks great graphically I’ll pass
I want you to my myself
rip xbox
I beat the first game back in January for two weeks straight, it was seriously that fun for me, so I’m definitely hyped and prepared for forbidden west.
So the visuals have improved on every front ... but her face. The popups are a deal-breaker to me.  I didn't though it was that bad. I'll definitively wait for a fix. It's a shame for the climbing. I hope they improve that to make it more natural.
Dinoriders? Bah Humbug. Robotech/Macross !!! That was how to spend a Saturday morning.
Looks great, too bad I still can't find a ps5.  Even though I have a PS4, I'm not wasting my first playthrough on a subpar 30 fps version.  I guess I'll have to wait a year or two for a PC port or for sony to actually make enough PS5s, whichever comes first.
Can't believe they made an entire game for the girl from Genshin Impact
Once you get to 50 fps, the human eye maxes out. 60 is overkill and going even higher is self deception. You think you see a difference. You don't.
More Sci-fi bullshit sign me up!
"if youre playing this on a PS5..." we're not. Nobody is.
Huh. Not really sure what to take away from this, as I really loved playing Monster Hunter World, but I actually found combat in the first Horizon to be a total bore. To the point that, half way through the game, I just turned the difficulty all the way down so I could fly past it as soon as possible. idk man, it just... was not my thing.  I think it has to do with the fact that it's in an open world. In Monster Hunter I was there FOR the fights, but in Horizon I was trying to explore, I was trying to GO somewhere, etc. Every time I'd encounter enemies it felt like it was just dragging things down and distracting me from what I actually wanted to be doing :/
Looking forward to play this on my ps4 since PS5's are still a rarity outside of the US. I feel this kind of game is really suited to 4k visuals though (lol 1440p)
One question bosses  In the first game they were lackluster at uninteresting and just boring
#2’s on average are the best within their extended series, aren’t they?
If there's anything I know about this gaming industry, is that ALWAYS trust Skill up's review, Fuck Metacritic
Honestly I think the first one is not at all a great game. The story and the sidequest had a really basic/childish writing. The mission structures was so damn mediocre, and boring. The open world had a lot on biomes variety but inside each biome there was not variety at all. And the amount of stuff you had to loot to just be able to heal was an incredible loss of time, and it was really really pissing me off.  About the combat system, I don't understand if you judge it by a "combat design" perspective or in general counting also how much it is spectacular visually speaking.   In the first game I didn't found the combat system to be as good as you say,  speaking about raw game mechanics, it was really nice but not SO MUCH. The snap and tracking of enemies attacks, the too huge amounts of health of some enemies, some attacks with wrong hitboxes, a lot of exploits that encouraged to make the combat boring and repetitive to get a win... If you account the visual aspect, sure you can say this combat system is spectacular, but is this what you mean, or you just disagree with me on this?  In general I was not feeling to even play the sequel to HZD, but the improvements in story and writing and secondary mission you told here, are giving me some will to try it!
I tried to enjoy the first one twice, once on PS4 and I was like "lol not even 30 fps, I'm gonna get a headache", then on PC  and I really couldn't click it on to me, I think it was because it felt like a Ubisoft open world, I didn't like Alloy, for a game that pushes narrative so much as pretty much every other Sony published game since TLOU, Alloy felt to me as an empty vessel for the player so while the narrative tried to be immersive, the main character kept pulling me back to reality, it always felt very "gamy", and I feel bummed out because I really wanted to enjoy this, like robodinos! Who wouldn't want that? I might end up watching a "full videogame movie" for the first one and try Forbidden West, hopefully this will work.   Edit: on the second half of the review, you pretty much list the problems that drove me away from the first, being present on this on as well, It hurts but I'm gonna pass, when I want to play an open world in the future, I'll just play BOTW for the 4th time. I can't enjoy a game that feels like a chore.
Well... now I have a reason to get a ps5, I suppose. Great review.  I loved the original game but I always thought the characters were so weak from a narrative point of view... It was just... a bunch of stereotypes. Almost every major character could be described in one line. From the start of the game, to the end.  I hope that changed here. I really do. In this kind of game I rather good characters than a good story. Good characters improve any poor main plot by making it more enjoyable. Maybe that's why I love Mass Effect 3 so much: I just couldn't love the characters more.
Great review, professional first person game man, great review indeed
Wow, it looks incredible. Can't wait until it comes out on PC in 7 years time xD
Zero Dawn is already a spectacular game and now Guerrilla simply made it better in Forbidden West. Amazing work
Gaaamersss
🎉🎉
I find it funny how before watching dune and loving the world enough to look up about it I got the golden path reference
I thought the combat loop of Horizon Zero Dawn was seriously overlooked. Once you got used to it you figured out that every different machine had its own unique way of taking it on. Then you pair up certain machines and it changes again. Can't think of many games the require a different tactical approach and execution for every enemy. I know it had its issues as far as resource collecting went and a few other issues, but it's combat and story were so good that, for me, the rest was easy to put up with.  I'm so pleased Forbbiden West lives up to its promise. This is the first game I've taken the risk to pre order in a long time. Roll on Friday!
I look forward to getting this on PC in roughly three years.
Shill Up could have said ´´I´m Mary Poppins y'all´
28:59 asian Conan O'Brian
DAMN
How can you give it a 9.5 when you're complaining so much about certain things? Sounds to me it should have been an 8.
Great  review. Love your channel!
So the same game, with a worse story but some fun combat? Not bad, looks like a solid 7.5/10
the thing I realize is  that if anything guerilla monster design and combat was so good it was the next big thing of a monster hunter like game, to the point that if they made it into MHW structured game it will  still be a great game. I like the monster in zero dawn and the monster here looks epic and more lifelike machine cant wait to play it.
Cool, now I just have to wait for the steam release.
Every time you shill on Death Stranding it gives me more power. HELL YES. that masterpiece will never die!!
This review was strange to me. Almost contradictory.   You opened up by saying that the game was a 9.5, but then afterward gave so many negatives, that 9.5 seemed way too high.   You would complain about something and then a minute later pretend that everything you said earlier was insignificant.   It gives me the feeling that you are conflicted about saying what you really think about the game as a whole.
Is this review spoiler free?
Finally a game without micro transaction. More than enough reasons to own it
33:55 i hated that shit in the first one. i stopped playing cuz of that. thx for saving me money
This year's GOTYs are going to be wild aren't they
I’m sorry when people are paying £50 and more for a game I think it’s not too much to ask for a game with no issues whatsoever and if we are thinking okay we can allow some small bugs and pop in then to that I say BS! If we keep allowing issues like these, and that pop in was quite severe and would ruin immersion for me entirely, then we are doing each other a disservice, because it encourages developers and publishers to release games and then fix them afterwards. Would you buy a car and then find out the engine doesn’t work properly all the time and sometimes cuts out or the brakes don’t always work and then be okay with that? Games are the only product I know of that get released unfinished with bugs and glitches and we’re meant to be okay with it. Apologies for the rant, but I’m fed up and having a bad day and this just annoyed me.
I can’t wait for this one
I'm personally gonna wait for it to launch on PC in the future - none the less excited to play it !
Thanks for the great review as always Just a small thing 🙂 we pronounce 'Coup de grâce' like '' cou de grass'' Otherwise it sounds like hit of fat 😂
A rock from my shoulders) Altman be praised.
I appreciate you Ralph, your honesty and passion in these reviews are all I need in my life
“It’s like what Todd used to say about those mountains, except you know... it’s true.” That shade is 16x the detail...
Thank god I dived head first into ZD's lore after playing it, that should give me a better experience with all that "sci-fi babble" I advise anyone who hasn't to do the same, 1) because as say before, it might help you understand what's going on (maybe) and 2) because the lore is absolutely amazing!
Seems like they got more wrong than right in key areas I had issues with so it’s a skip for me. Good Review though.
I useally like these kind of games but I really couldn't get into 1 despite trying twice. I like ubisoft games but even for me that games open world was so boring and full of such generic activities. It was more 'ubisoft game' than actuak ubisoft games.I really hope this one is more enjoyable.
Your negatives make me not want to play it. I'll play it once its on PC with ultrawide support.
Not that I don't believe you, but all the side content you mentioned sounds very standard affair for open world side content. If only I could just buy a PS5 and see it for myself.
MAXIMUM shill up
Man what an awesome review! Bravo!
Never had any doubts about this game at all – the first game was superb and the world and plot is one of the best in gaming by a country mile.  Seeing all these glowing reviews for the game rolling out en masse makes me extra happy after months of eye-rolling comments from the tasteless social media commentariat trashing the game for no apparent reason.
Love these in depth reviews. I got curious after IGNs review. But after this video I know for sure this game doesn’t deserve my money. So yeah, always appreciative of talking and reviewing every part of a game 👍🏻
I tried three times to finish the first game, i really wanted to like it but for some reason after the first act it was boring me to death,i didn't find any characters outisde of Aloy inteesting or engaging at all. World seemed lifeless and huge. Hated the inventory/menu system. It all felt a bit ubisoft-y. billion markers i have no clue what meant,side quests i don't care about because i wasn't invested in anything but the main narrative. But in the end it was't enough to keep me going. THREE times i got to about the same place when i just didn't come back to it,not a consceous thing,just suddenly realized i hadn't played it for months.  Maybe i'm just weird,this game seems to be universally adored but to me it's just....meh. I was hoping i could jump into this one without having to finish the other one because honestly it feels like a chore. Would you say it's all more of the same? or is the difference like Mass effect 1 and 2 where the game in everything but narrative structuce is wildly different?
This video was amazing, great work shillup however I just hated the way you said “data” at the end of the video for no reason, I don’t know why but it sounded weird.
Thanks bro for the review making me even more excited as i have already predownloaded the game cant wait for friday
Don't know what like more, the unbelievable work they put in to make this game, or your review of it...
I wonder how it runs on PS4
Yeah, I refuse to play the PS4 version. I didn't really like Zero Dawn THAT much when I first played it on my OG PS4, I felt like the gameplay required too much precise aiming for a controller (Kinda like how I didn't care about Max Payne 3 in PS3, but loved it on PC). Same with Horizon: On PC, my experience was faaaaar better, 60 fps definitely helped.  Similarly to this: I will just wait until I can get a PS5 or they do a PC port (Oh they definitely will). I do also hope they'll port the haptics on PC too
Great, now how does one get a PS5?
It hurts to watch this knowing I won\'t be playing it on the PS5 for at least another 5 to 6 years, the ay things are looking. And if by then I'll even care. Give me a PS4 review you fucking yuppie
I don't like the fact you try trash talk about Microsoft left and right.
Named my dog after Aloy.  Shall play this next week, as working 7 days this week, but off next week.
As much as I would love to buy this game now, it just doesn't seem finished. Too many bugs. Guess I will strap in for the long long wait for the PC version...
The climb thing is a massive L even after the first game being dunk on with comparisons to BOTW
Mario Kart? You mean Road Rash in the way she was bashing that guy's head in
Next week- "I don't score games, but if I did, Elden Ring would be a solid 14 and a half. And if you were to tell me you thought it was the ultimate cultural achievement of mankind, I'd be like 'fair enough, man, I can totally see that.'"
Welp. There goes 60 of my dollars.
Absolute masterpiece!! So excited to play the game, loved Horizon Zero Dawn 🙌
Don't know in metacritic are reviewers giving 60 ou t of 100.....
I really liked Zero Dawn, but it's open world was a disappointment. If they have fixed that part, this game is gonna be one of my favourites.
PS5 30fps... no pc... you can´t give 9.5 to that mate
I feel like "This game is a 9.5" followed by what seemed like a lot of negative aspects of the game is a bit confusing. Like, I understand that you like it but when you say that the main story, the climbing, the crafting, the melee combat, the trawling through menus, the pop in, the scavenging and so on are not great it paints a picture of a game that's not great...
I will play Total War Warhammer 3 until the bugs are fixed and its a bit cheaper.
I have a feeling those pop inside may damage the score. I don't recall that being an issue with the original.
Bruh, someone else remembers Dino riders? Nice.
Good to hear. Looking forward to it.
"I dont score games, but I did for this one" lmao
I am STOKED to watch this review later today when I’m home from work! The only reviewer I really trust to give an accurate depiction of the game!   And I REALLY REALLY HOPE that he reviews Elden Ring too.
TBH, while he is talking about all the exploration and discovery and how diverse it is, I can hardly tell he is showing the new game it's so bland and similar to the first one.
The only reviews I trust - always gives honest opinion.
Robots get drip, game is good.
"There's no better combat in any open world video game"  Yeah, and this game will hold that achievement for a total of 11 days ;-)
Admittedly, this game will be a hard sell for me. The general visuals and gameplay just don’t look different enough or improved upon to someone who only found the first game to be “okay”. The first game was gorgeous, had great music, and the general gameplay loop was okay, but it didn’t really grab me the same way games like Spider Man or RDR2 did. Forbidden West still looks gorgeous and fun but just not different enough from the first game. Idk, hope everyone else that’s been looking forward to it enjoys it and has a good time.
Very high praise to compare the jump between games like me1 to me2!  Cannot wait until Friday!
The world design and traversial is the most important part and those were the worst in this review. I don't know what you base your reviews on but it seems you and me have very different taste on what's fun in games.
I played HZD a year ago after hearing so much about it. It was .... okay to me. I forced myself to play about 15 hours and it just didn't grab me. I've since watched the 'lore/story' compilation videos and it's a genius story.  Now I say this not because I want to shit on HZD:FW but because I want to ask..... should I give FW a go? At release? In 12-18 months when it's half price?  I want to really like it. Seriously. Convince me.
oh thank god, i was holding off of pre ordering since i wasnt sure if it would live up to the success of its predecessor, but now i see that it does, and more
I'm going to be real, despite how much I loved ur review I'm still not interested in this game atm.  Zero Dawn was enjoyable but I got bored way too quickly and if this game is more or less rhe same gameplay wise with improvements then I think I'll still to Monster Hunter for my giant monster battles.🤣🤣
I am so ready for this
Kinda disappointed to hear that the whole item pickup shit is still in this game. The health system also looks just as bad as the first game. I found the first game to be mostly tedious and boring and it took me years to finish it, because I always stopped to play games I enjoyed more. I do really like the improvements Forbidden West seems to have made, but I'm afraid I might lose interest in the story and open world in this game after a while as well. But I will probably still give it a try and hope the good outweights the bad.
bookmarking to check back for comments by edgelords complaining about how empty the open world is
I might get a PS4 to play this since it won't come to PC anytime soon
I'll be excited to see the pc version
I hardly used my mount in the first one as well.
I noticed you didn't mention anything about the character models, voice acting or lip syncing.  Any thoughts?
I appreciate you mentioning the DualSense feeling in the game, PS5 games really benefit when a reviewer can talk about their experience with a next gen feature like that
is there an underwater combat?
Still wondering whether I should go back to the first one before playing this one... I was one of those people who checked out a couple of hours in... hahahahaha
This is one of the biggest reasons I bought a ps5. Cant wait to play it.
You don’t need to swear to be cool potty mouth
After breath of the wild, the travesal looks disappointing.  :(
Another fantastic review, they just get more impressive all the time. Thanks for your hard work!
That pop in has to be a bug right and can be fixed? I mean I have it pre ordered and I'm going to play it regardless so it isn't an issue
First of all I'm an "Xbot" and I love microsoft ganepass but what they done to halo...it shows Sonys worth....Halo should have been on the same level as this game with all the time and money put into it...yet we got what we got...I hope microsoft learns from Sony...gamepass is amazing it gave me great INDI games wich otherwise I would never try BUT you need quality big first party games too.
Appreciate the review mate, but I'm curious how you would "fix" the ammo/gathering system in this game outside of just giving everything unlimited ammo. I thought about the game having an auto craft option when you hit 0 of an ammo type but that wouldn't fix the gathering side of it. Anyway, great review and look forward to the next one.
Aw man now i have to wait for this game to come out on PC cause nobody can find a PS5 for sale at reasonable price.
Gosh Youtube why the fuck do I have to search for videos from channels i'm subscribed to?
cantwait to face fav new machines like slitherfang and thermotusk😍😍😍 hope there are even more amazing machines like them
TLOU2 moments? Everything great aside the  story?
Can't wait for this to come to PC
Damn I wish this was coming to PC !
supoib
I'm one of the people that dropped off the first game within the first 10 hours. I found it boring and the amount of looting was a tedious overload. Interesting to hear it got better after that. Glad to hear this one came out well regardless.
Wahoooo
I don't have a PS5 and I never intend to get one, but I absolutely loved the first game when it came to PC. If it comes to PC in the future, it'll be a hoot.
Wow, what a love letter the review is! You can feel the awe throughout... I can hardly wait to play it!
To the surprise of absolutely nobody.
Deathstranding 2 is going to be a beautiful game.
Thank god. So much was riding on this game being great. I'm curious to see how the PS4 version plays. If the PS5 version has pop in and some resolution issues, the PS4 version may be in trouble. So glad I have a PS5 lol. Still buying the PS4 version though and getting my free upgrade to PS5 to save $10. Ughhhh 4 more days....
Thank you sony. You're the greatest ❤️
Days or weeks?  Idk man, looks like she's 40 years old now.
My biggest issue with the first games story was that I was way more interested in what has come before, so all the past stuff, the activation of Zero Dawn etc. The Primal Tribe stuff I had no interest in at all. But I did enjoy exploring and the combat. Would I prefer this games plot over the first?
You spoke highly  Of the sidequest but it doesn't seem like you get anything good thing good for doing it. You can't make her run faster or jump higher. I'm sorry but what you think is amazing I think looks boring as hell but to each their own. Back to dying light 2 150 hours already.
In Ghost of Tsushima there are many areas where you can't just aim your horse and go, plenty of deadly falls and cliff walls that require climbing, Forbidden West clearly doubles down on that but you can't really say there was none in GoT.
I'm only watching SkillUp reviews for some reason and i dont feel like I'm missing out on anything. His reviews are a full complete package💯❤️👌
best review writing in a while, love it!
4 Days Baby 😁
I really like her new eyebrows - so sexy!
wish i could get a ps5 i platinumed the first game. gotta say fuck scalpers and crypto
Woah. That's high praise, Skill-up...  Mass Effect 2's leap in quality?  Jesus.
With Destiny and Elden Ring coming up it's such a difficult decision but this will have to wait until after those. Still can't believe Sony chose this release date. Glad it's a banger though.
Really? I remember you said HZD was just ok. And now you are liking the series? 😂
This looks like Guerrilla took a big old sip of Witcher 3 Juice. And I’m totally here for it! 😀
Game just looks completely soulless artstyle wise especially when you compare it to what could've been from the concept art of the 1st game.
Honestly didn’t like the first game very much. Hope this one is better
I never heard anyone say that dualsense is just a gimmick. I agree that this is a fantastic feature.  Never bothered me that i had to craft the arrow mid combat. I dont get that complaint.
Too bad enemy AI is still dumb as shit
Zelda on Nintendo switch 6
This looks great! Are flying mounts available in the game?
Regardless of how many twinkies ailoy eats you play this game for the gameplay. And even in the first game I doubt anyone used the mount unless for back tracking.
I cant have a playstation 5 unless i pay 3 times its msrp
Nah, I'm good. This studio turned me off, after changing Aloy for woke bullshit.
Im quite astounded that some sites are giving this game below 80. Some have even given it a 6/10
Sounds good enough to keep me busy until Elden Ring
SIX DAYS TILL THE REALEASE!!! AHH IM GONNA STAY UP ALL NIGHT ON THE 17TH
Ffs I'm only half way through dying light 2 and then this bad boys pops up
I'll comment on the DualSense controller. I have always hated vibration. And DualSense did nothing to change that opinion. For me it's unpleasant and distracting. I can see what they're doing there, but these vibrations still feel so FAKE to me. More than anything, it breaks my immersions because having it enabled is like having "Bzzzz! You have a controller in your hands! Brrr! You're playing a game, not exploring a cave! Bzzzrr!!!!" Every 5 seconds. Which is just annoying. Not to mention that it makes my fingers feel itchy. So yeah, I hate the "Haptic Feedback". Just to tell people - if you disliked vibration before, chances are you won't change your mind. The adaptive triggers though are Super Awesome!... until you realize that adaptive triggers come with a mandatory controller vibration to "enchance your experience" that you can't turn off. You can't have adaptive triggers without the controller vibrating at those moments. Period. This is such a stupid decision, made clearly by someone who couldn't even fathom the idea that someone might dislike Haptic Feedback. Anyway, these are my thoughts. I'm loving the ideas, but I hate the implementation.
I actually really disagree on the real time crafting. It'd be different if you had to pause the entire game to do it, but you can do it while the fight continues. I really enjoy that terrifying feeling of running out of ammo and trying to dodge enemy attacks in slow mo while feverishly crafting more. I think it brings another level of challenge/complexity to the fights that I really like.
meow
PLEASE TELL ME! That there os a ton of new machines that we haven't seen yet (but u have) I hope there is a lot more!!!!!!! I am so hyped!!!!
Looks amazing.  Def picking this up.  Another hit for Sony proving why their studios are a cut above
Good review! And I'm glad you don't rate games on a 10 point scale, because this sure didn't sound like a 9.5
I'm just glad they're releasing this for the PS4 especially with the shortages of PS5. It's just sad that there are pop-in issues when they advertised PS5 having the fastest SSD during the reveal of the console. Did they took advantage of that or did the console already reached the bottleneck with this issue.
lmao u and acg both brought up the todd "u can go there" remark, great review, super hyped
Are the traders still all selling the same stuff?
I rather play rise of the tomb raider because Lara Croft looks like a woman. Snoy games are boring 😴
He lost me at "hzd has the best combat loop in an open world game"
You absolutely love to see it
It`s nice to know that that the game is god, BUT how do I get a PS5 without buying it from a scalper so I can play the game without having to listen to an airplane?
We’ve really been stuck at 30 fps for like 4 console generations lmao
Skill up, I love you. Please start pronouncing divisive correctly.
Damnnnnn This game single handedly makes me want a PS5
yikes thats some seriously strange levels of pop in. looks incredible otherwise. I enjoyed the first so ill pick this one up sometime down the line when it comes to PC.
Congrats to sony, but will be waiting for the complete edition, whatever its gonna be called.
Hey shillup who do we gotta bully on twitter to get this released on PC
22:10 just gonna casually not mention they made a freakin' board game?! I love when devs flesh out a board game, because its physical content we can always buy later and appreciate rather than be milked by arbitrary DLC
Yea i know it good and worth the price but it will be 9.99 bargain bin when I finally get my hand on this Ps5 ffs
Seeing all these reviews is giving me blue balls. The game is still 5 whole days away...
I had an awesome suprise come up today...I started the HFW pre-load. Then I saw the countdown to release and realized it released Friday a.m. at midnight (instead of releasing at the end if Friday.)  Basically I realized I can play HFW a day earlier and I still can't wait!
35:55 OO A KANGAROO MACHINE
Can’t wait for Friday
The game looks really good, i enjoyed the first game so im happy Guerilla is going strong. Unfortunately i cant afford Horizon and Elden Ring right now, so this one will have to wait a bit
The thing that keeps me from getting the game is ironically enough Aloy. I never was really able to warm up to her, maybe she just missed those little "quirks" that make her human, maybe it was the fact that she had almost no sense of humor or perhaps it was just the fact that she missed a fitting support cast.
Since ps5s aren't gonna be available anytime soon, I'm glad it's on ps4 as well
You and ACG are the only reviewers I listen to
Loved the first game and I'm glad to see and hear that the second one doesn't dissapoint. I know I've had nothing to do with creating this game, but seeing (and eventually playing) this in an industry dominated by American and Japanese studios, makes my chest swell with Dutch pride.
I just opened this to say that I can't watch this undoubtedly amazing review of a bloody amazing game cause I can't bloody play it cause Sony haven't bloody released it on bloody PC... BLOODY RAWR
THIS IS THE VIDEO I WAS WAITING FOR, THANK YOU SHILL UP!! Seriously though, when are you changing the channel name officially to Shill Up? It's gone beyond a meme at this point.
This game makes me hate scalpers more
Exploration of the open world is fun, thats the only thing i wanted to hear. The open world in Zero Dawn was pretty but also pretty boring, it felt very ubisoft the same with ghost of tsushima both had great characters and a breathtaking world but not one that i want to explore besides getting upgrades
Looks good, shame they changed the character design so she looks like Nicado Avocado now.
Hope to see it on pc maybe end of 2023 can't see it coming any time sooner than that  I just hope for a better port than HZD
I’m torn between the contrast of Eurogamer review and your review. I’ll play this game as soon as I buy a PS5.
Is the pop in also an issue in quality 4K mode? Cause I really hate pop in of this caliber and it ruins my immersion so I rather play with 30FPS if that fixes it. I didnt mind the 30FPS in the first game either.
When Horizon Zero Dawn was first revealed it had immediately gotten my attention with its robo-dinos and inexplicably primitive wildlife setting which I thought would end up being a fun yet illogical fantasy game. Then the actual game surprised me in every direction from its sci-fi story that somehow managed to explain and justify everything to its extremely well crafted combat and enemy designs to a degree you wouldn't expect from a developer making a game like this for the first time.   So I was super hyped to find out just how much Guerilla can improve on the solid foundation of the original as video games sequels tend to be really good at that but my expectations were quickly tempered seeing the sequel got a lower critic score than the original thinking Guerilla must have missed the mark somehow. So it is really amazing that one of my moat trusted reviewers Skill Up unexpectedly providing a 9.5 score for the game was enough to restore all my hype levels to its original state :D
Thanks Shill-Up, definitely the review I wanted to see a week before Witch Queen … not that I expected anything different
It seems like the pop in might be caused by the performance mode. Press Start played it on resolution mode and he said he didn't have a problem with pop in.
"No other open world has a better combat system." .......yeah okay sure hahaha
Glad to see they have good reviewer settings to make the game easier for them.
Really wish I was into these games but I cant stand bow/arrow combat. I really don't like fighting robots/machines either in games.
I love all these comments since no ones actually finished the video yet lol ... just finish it
"Dont trust review copies"  games not out yet, I'll see for myself when it does release. After the last two years, I don't even believe you dear shillup.
2:10 it's the exact thing that I had. how many open world city games have we played. I was a massive watch dogs fan but by the time I played legion, or too much gta 5, or saints row, and even cyberpunk... my interest for all of these just shut down and I was like.. where do we go from here. Then I bought Zero Dawn on pc and I was like totally reinvigorated. It literally felt like going on a journey and recharching in another world.
Easyloot? Imagine that hack in Monster Hunter 😂
1:56 yo how the fuck they get pikachu
Well as long as Aloy is a thing, it can never be more than a 4/10.
Sony is still doomed!
Ehh! it's just Farcry but mechanical Animal!
Another flop game by woke station
Playstation exclusive single player game. Did we expect any different. From last of us series to uncharted to God of war, to this. They come out almost perfect. Amazing gameplay, graphics, story and without little to no bugs.
Ahhh Shillup, you're the best reviewer in the game.
I enjoyed Death Stranding as just a casual fan of Kojima and his work. I honestly wish The Elder Scrolls and their encumbrance systems would work that way. Anyway, This game looks absolutely incredible. I remember buying my own dreamcast like it was yesterday and drooling over Soul Calibur. Red Dead and Horizon are the only franchises I really do pay attention to anymore these days.
Oh yeah. It's coming out in a few days isn't it. Companies are pushing so many games back I just forget they do eventually come out.
Goddamnit.  We're never getting another Killzone...
Played with my friend.... Basically witcher 3
Auto-sprint? GOTY
Can’t wait for Friday!!!
Can't wait to play once I own a ps5, but with so many other games in February I'm not complaining because there's so much to play. Picking this up for sure later the first game is a blast to play.
Video: Game has auto loot to avoid material grind. [Everybody liked that.]
Masterpiece
Ah, fantastic! As a reviewer I trust reviewing a game I've been super looking forward too, this is an excellent thing to hear. After how much I enjoyed the first, I had high hopes and high expectations at a time even low expectations in games are a risk.   This, by most accounts, hits those expectations I had and then some. Can't wait till Friday!
Just imagine playing this on vr man my eyes will melt I would live in this world 🤩
Just waiting for it on pc
That ending though... Such a good review congrats! Amazing review for an amazing game (nice timing with the music too bro).
holy cow that pop in is immersion ruining... Its going to be hard to get immersed for hours to then have that egregious pop to slap you in the face and harshly pull you out
Make-it-or-break-it question: can you climb anything like BotW?
2 am local time seems perfect for a new Shillup review
Horizon Zero Yawn.
Horizon Zero Yawn.
Well if you and ACG both like this game then I guess I'm going to have to get it.
As a fellow Sydney-dweller, I’m disgusted by you saying “rock, paper, scissors”.  Good review though.
ELDEN RING ELDEN RING ELDEN RING
Just seen that pop in, thats major pop in right there, iam very surprised that wasnt fixed b4 review release! I can ignore most issues in a game, if the over all game is good. I can ignore the pop in, until i see it. I am surprised its that bad, considering how much we hear about how fast ps5 ssd is! Still getting it day one!
I would disagree saying that ME2 is better than ME1. It made it smaller, more linear, more narrow in rpg elements, just overall more dumbed down version of what it could have been, shittier villain or the lack of one. The combat is better in ME2 but that just made it feel more like action shooter. 4:39 chills... so damn good soundtrack
CDPR should be looking at this game and TAKING NOTES. I still can't believe how they fucked up Cyberpunk while other studios have no problem with making really great games in half the time.
Hope the story isn't as god awful as the 1st game. Literally couldn't finish the 1st game because it was so bad I agree with your takes 99% of the time but saying HZD has the "best combat in any open world game" is just so bad Ralph.. come on man.
On one hand, the audio from the controller was cool. On the other hand, it got insanely annoying after a while and worst thing was when playing the game while on mic with my friends it was LOUD on their end too.
How is this game is superb when its basically zero dawn reskin with the same problems ?
I feel like 2022 will be an awesome gaming year in term of releases or at least it starts very strong :).
The PS5 controller is something else, ever since I experienced that haptic feedback + adaptive trigger wombo combo I have been buying every multiplatform on PS5 just for the controller features.
Like Aliens with Ripley at her very best.
Would be cool if Sony made that copilot system wide like Xbox has. It's pretty cool if you have small kids. (Not that you should play this with them)
I see they didn't fix her face after they ruined it...
The only review I care about in the gaming industry.
Shout out to Dino riders
That pop in is fucking atrocious.
The review I was waiting for. Only discovered your channel a couple of months ago and I'm now a fan. Thank you and keep up the great work
Sony exclusives are Built not bought! Awesome review.
lol,  Eurogamer still seems to have a thing against Horizon.
look forward to playing it in three years on PC
Pop in has apparently already been fixed.
uhhhm.. mass effect 2 was a downgrade in almost every way. smaller world. less choice. plotholes and inconsistent writings. a galaxy/lore reset, characters not doing anything, the world basically standing still, worse RPG mechanics, worse choice/consequence.   like. me2 was bigger in terms of presentation and grand scale and characters, but me1 remains to be better written, thought out, has better world building, less plotholes, and no inconsistencies in its own lore
Its nice to still have expectations (and met) sometimes
horizon and elden ring in one month eeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Going to the comment regarding Sony. As a PC gamer why would i buy an Xbox ? WHY?? Utterly no reason so of course Sony will be fine and only someone who dosent understand you can get ALL XBOX games on PC will buy the pointless duo. Xbox have held back this Gen with the Series S but Sony arnt doing much better!
Skill up is insert gif THE GOAAAT
Get Surfshark VPN at https://surfshark.deals/skillup - Enter promo code SKILLUP for 83% off and 3 extra months for free!
You do realise Sony is still in the financial hole right? The PS division and their insurance division are quite literally the only 2 things keeping the company afloat. Japan's economy has been in a recession since the 90s.
I not only like your reviews because of what you say but also because of how good they look. Like holy shit your editor (Austin?) is awesome, always makes me want to play the games you recommend. And he plays Guild Wars which is nice
I would have considered buying this game but its only in PS. Will maybe play it next year when it releases for PC.
Remember : This is not yet a PS5 game. It's still a cross gen title. Now imagine what they will do when these shackles are removed...
Why do these big biudget games has such cringy dumbass names for main characters???
Child Aloy still makes me shudder, years later. Creepy little munchkin.  I had no doubt that this would be a winner, but that pop in might be the worst I’ve ever seen. Now I just need PS5’s to actually exist so I get my mitts on one.
First time i played horizon zero dawn i hated it, couldn’t get past the intro because it was so boring. Tried it nearly a year later and absolutely loved it. I then proceeded to platinum it shortly after beating the main story.
Aight let's see what this middle aged woman will do this time.
this games reviews was never in doubt
PlayStation exclusives just keep banging out quality. That’s one thing you can always bet on!
Nice one, Shill Up.
I would like to know if this is same as first one in that aloy is angry at all the white men npc. And all the white men betrey or do bad things. Where as alloy is openly positive to poc characters and helps them. They don't betray her.  It kinda makes some story beats unenjoyable when you know this.
I loved HZD. I hope they release this on PC.
i was waiting for your review and got so happy when I read the title lol , I loved the first one, and I just hope the fix and improve the few things that bothered me.
The PS5 really seems like a waste of money at this point, especially when you have to sell your heart, lung, kidneys and testicles just to be able to afford one. If most new releases are coming out on the PS4 as well I really don't see a point in blowing my money on an upgrade for slightly better graphics and a better frame rate. Or better yet, for the price the PS5 is currently being sold for, you can build a decent gaming rig and can play a more complete Forbidden West when it inevitably releases on PC in a year or two.
No "I Strongly Recommend" for a PS exclusive seems off.
Thanks for the game sony sisters. I'll be definitely picking it up on steam later.
3:00 fuck me im sold, that fucking snake looks so cool
If Skill says it’s that good, it’s that good.
Oh yeah been waiting for this
As a PC gamer, I had to wait for Zero Dawn, and oh boy was it worth it. I can’t get my hands on a PS5, so I’m willing to wait until I do or it comes to PC, because I want as many bells and whistles as possible for this one. Can’t wait to play it!
PlayStation can’t miss.
Oh my god, only the title of your video made me rest assured that this will be AWESOME. Thank you so much! Now LETS GO!
Can't wait to play on friday
I’m glad that there are developers that actually give a shit about games and not trying to constantly milk you off your money, definitely playing this game day 1 on my channel
🦊👍🏻
Mass effect 2 is better
Give Me A Like
When the game you've been waiting on has a positive recommendation in the title of the SkillUp review
SkillUp when he sees a Ubisoft game: “So boring and bloated wanted to jump out the window playing it.”  SkillUp when he sees a Ubisoft game with a Playstation logo: “superb, true art, best thing ever made what a masterpiece.”
SKill Up really said "oh boy it's 3 am"
First game I'm buying with my first pay (and the special edition too!)
Legit as excited to watch SkillUps review as much as I am the game itself lol
Is this coming to pc on release?
After the recent buggy broken releases of certain games, i did have a few doubts about forbidden west, not nany just a few. But knowing guerilla made 4 decent fps games, before zero dawn and knowing how much i loved that game, my faith outweighed my doubts. And i was right to do so. I dont buy many games day one, but this is a must buy!
This is why I'm team playstation
I’m so hyped
Dat pop-in though..
Oh, i am now more excited. Meta is now around a 89. I hope it will end in the 90 because a very good quality product should be rated like this.  Sony was confident dropping the review embargo early.
Skill Up, you and Austin better get some decent shut-eye the next few days, Elden Ring is just around the corner!
Skillup you’re the best reviewer on YouTube!
Elden ring fanboys please f off. I don't understand why the people who play souls games refuse to accept that any other game exists, let alone other games that are just as good/better
Got it pre ordered ready to go
Great! Day 1 purchase on PC then. I'll wait 😊
The review is 38min long and people are saying great review 5 min after it was uploaded 🧐
I haven't played the first game but you're one of my favorite reviewers. I might have to find time to play the first one between flying around your beautiful country.
This title is all I need to be happy
Can't wait for when this comes to pc
Xbox kids punching the air right now 😂
I've never paid the original, but I really look forward to playing it on pc, as I'm not a big fan of consoles...
Unbelievable how far Guerilla studios have come.
Can't wait to play a complete, polished and more robust experience on my PC when it eventually releases on it.
I heard it is riddled with bugs and crashes.
The only Sony exclusive I kind of want to play, but not going to buy a PS5 for one game. Have no interest in the other 1st party games. If it runs well on PS4 Pro, maybe I will get it or just wait for a PC release and upgrade my Gtx 1080 if I have to - probably a better usage of money if I actually have to make a bigger purchase.
Glad to know I won't be playing this for at least a few years
What about if you did not really like the first one? It felt too much like busywork. Had that changed?
fucking hyped
So, I did not like the first game, more specifically anything to do with climbing or rpg element, did this game improve or remove any of that stuff (I also disliked the open world)
Looks like the Devs hit it out of the park yet again
waiting for it.
I'm here early for once!
Glad Sony continues to make badass games cause microsoft has  done nothing but continuously degender their ip
Glad to hear this, I'll play it in 3 years on PC haha.
Wtf took so long lol
Glad I’m up at 4am to watch this :)
Oh yeah this game.. I forgot about it because of WH3 and elden ring knocking on my wallet. I loved the first one so I'm sure second will be just as fantastic.
Read the title and I don't need to know anything more. 100% gonna buy this
The most important review, Sir SkillUp!
IT'S FINALLY HERE
play lost ark !!!!!!!!!
So relieved to see this review - after Cyberpunk I've learnt to set expectations super low for expected titles from "good" studios. Glad to see I'll be able to enjoy this entry :D
I know many great games are coming out this year but I’m so so sad that I have to be on Xbox😭  Also great video!
I do not joke when I say this is the only review and reviewer I care about. SkillUp the GOAT
Thank goodness this is on PS4.
Every other reviewer: It's a step up in every way. Whatculture: It's more of the same, nothing special. Nothing to see here....only played 30 hours.
Cheers skill up
Cool, I'll wait till it's on PC.
Without watching the video yet... play the game? Gotcha, play the game.
Hellllll yes
GOTY
IM SO EXCITEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Can't wait
first game was boring.... hope this will be better, cause otherwise all that sweet tech is nothing worth. now I'm curious how you will compare it to ER next week
Is it needed to play the first one to play the second?
Cant wait to play it on PC in five years 😄
Hi
Looking forward to this review!
I'm rarely this early for a video, glad to see this review!
The review I've been waiting for
I found the first one kind of boring and atmosphere kinda dead at times, but that's just me.
God I wish I owned a PS4/5 this game(and Zero Dawn) look absolutely immaculate.
I am so happy I turned on notifications.
02:03 wtf is this, pikachu ?
cant wait for the scalpers to play it
the only review I've been waiting for after the embargo lifted
Glad to hear its great! Now I just have to wait a couple years for a graphical upgrade, bug fixes, and PC port. Love exclusives. Love to play em on my 'puter
I got bored not even halfway through zero dawn due to the characters being so boring!
You and ACG are my favorite reviewers
I did not sleep just waiting for this.
finally!
I got a PS5 for this game. I need the best experience possible.
I'm glad to see the scores on the game and to see the reviews saying it's good because I'm not a big fan of Open World games.
Cmon PC version!
I know many are waiting for the second God of War and Elden Ring, and I get it, I bought PS4 to play GoW, but damned if Horizon didnt end up being my favorite exclusive of the PS4 era. Can't wait to get my hands on this and disappear into the wilderness
The game looks fantastic, but I've barely started playing the first game. This will be a fun game to dive into next year.
Preorders
The next gen truly begins.
I'm hoping you're right this time. Your judgement on DL2 was questionable.
one of the only reviewers i truly listen to their opinion.
I can't wait
Im thinking about picking this one up, looks incredible
Yup preorder placed from seeing the title, lets gi
Literally stayed up all night just to watch this review
Can I have likes
Yo the notifications worked thanks YouTube!!!!
The review I've been waiting for! Keep em going!!
Hope it’s better that the first … that game hasn’t aged well
Been looking forward to this one.
Thank God
Maaan was waiting for your review lyk hell even checked ur twitter :p
Opening Statement has me intrigued :)  Agreed on all counts. No boat metaphor though? 🤔
I was watching another review and stopped to watch yours. You da best skillup. Unparalleled
YOU are superb :)
22 seconds ago :)
First!
Seeing the title brings me such joy
It needs to be Friday already!
Morning coffee and Shill, cheers
Stoked to watch this by the title alone. Glad you enjoyed it!
Is it tho?
LETTTSSS GOOOOO !!!! 💯
Let's goooo
Noice
Yes. The only review i care about
Sup
must be illegal to be this early
Second
W
ok
First
