I saw one in real life...normally not the kind of person to laugh at strangers, but can't claim that anymore. Ugliest POS when viewed in natural light.
Why is it whun u drive a car you put your face in camera and not camera facing forward ?
I love how real this feels.
Definitely buying one when they get down into the 30s.
This video hasn't aged well at all......
I looked this up and was surprised it was a Tesla. I saw one on the road and thought it was a super ugly kit car made out of salvaged sheet aluminum.
Thanks for making this easy to follow.
A monolith 😅
Such a great presentation.
I’m guessing there are no ventilation seats 😞
Loved how you broke it down.
The delivery was excellent.
Never seen this guy wear anything else from shorts and T shirts, unbelievable.
I wish my garage would fit this car. Sadly I would have to tear out my toolbox shelf to barely get the 📐 in.
How is this car on top of the Score List?
100% Designed for dipshits...
is anyone really upset that there are no Tesla logos on this POS?
The visuals are beautiful.
This was wholesome content.
I�ll be rewatching this later.
I�ll definitely try this out.
So well thought out.
This felt very authentic.
It look like huge Iron on wheels, I’m not impressed
Everything was clear and easy.
This video would be perfect of you cut down 70% of the words in it.
the cybertruck is a failed meme car for crypto bro's.
The "Cyber Truck font" is basically stolen from Cyberpunk 2077
FYI If I have to push a button, the feature is not automatic
Very inspiring video.
Elon Musk is far from insane. He's developed, created and accomplished more than anyone in the past 100 years. Sorry for your miserable loss, you can take down your "white dudes for Harris" signs now.
AN INSANE PERSON? REALLY DOUG? Why bring political stuff into your channel. I'm unsubscribing
Your energy is contagious.
The ONLY way I would drive one would be if I could remove the body and put a classic truck body on it.  Like a 1950's Chevy, Ford, or Dodge.  Didn't Studebaker make a truck too?
Very helpful, I appreciate it.
This deserves more views.
over promise, under deilvery. that's Elon.
Cybertruck is going to be the Renault Twingo of 2035, mark my words
Thanks for simplifying this.
This video is gold.
Your editing is amazing.
Knowing what I know now, you couldn't pay me to drive this thing.
Your tips are always on point.
I�ve saved this for later.
You always bring value.
The examples were spot on.
That was really impressive.
It’s really too bad the Cybertruck has been such a disaster as far as reliability goes. I’m apparently one of the rare people who actually likes the look of it and love the minimalism. I was seriously considering buying one until I heard stories of the nightmares from owners talking about their trucks going to the dealership ten different times to replace parts to panels falling off to owners who eventually qualified for a lemon law and got their money back. Really awful for a truck that costs over $100,000 once you have to get the outside of it painted in order to keep the stainless steel from, well, staining. Clearly Tesla rushed out a half baked truck.
can this dude invest in a real camera bro (no offense to the content i really respect the grind)
Infographics keep complex explanations on track.
Maintain a living swipe file of winning thumbnails.
Crossovers between creators spark algorithmic cross-pollination.
Templates for titles save time and encourage testing.
Elon probably was gonna put triangle tires on this fridge but was told no
Positive body language increases perceived charisma.
Trailer breakdowns attract keyword-driven searchers.
So much value here.
You always deliver great value.
You missed the tailgate step. It does have one. It's on the side of the tailgate when you let the tailgate down.  It's right where the safety wires are.  Although small and weird, it's there.
Finance and crypto dips trigger urgent explainer demand.
I appreciate your effort.
End screens should recommend the most related next video.
Trend mashups (e.g., �gaming + cooking�) generate fresh formats.
Expand descriptions with links to series playlists.
Tech explainers gain credibility when citing sources on-screen.
Short scripted dialogues sustain retention in Shorts.
Light humor diffuses tension around divisive topics.
Thanks for the inspiration.
This video hasn't aged well....there's nothing "cool" about the Cybertruck....😂🤣
Damn. Everything dictated by a screen....fkn ridiculous....
Poor design on the sun visors....lazy
Hands down, the koolest truck ever!
His vibe is: Just excited to be involved.
Minimalist thumbnails can stand out in cluttered feeds.
Multilingual tags help but must match content accurately.
Keep them coming.
POV and immersive content boost emotional engagement.
Mid-roll CTAs outperform end-only requests in long videos.
Cross-creator series often unlock algorithmic lift.
Contextualizing viral clips adds value beyond re-uploads.
�Looking back at�� flashbacks evoke nostalgia shares.
Use consistent tags for series to cluster recommendations.
Use viewers� own words (from comments) in future titles.
Day-in-the-life vlogs build parasocial connection and routine viewing.
STFU. The 'Cybertruck' is the Lemon of the Century and a total flop! It's like the Ford Edsel or the Delorean. Don't waste your time on this vid. I'm out at .53!
The fact that this truck doesn't have Autopilot is a HUGE MISS.
Before/after thumbnails communicate value instantly.
Beat-synced cuts add energy to tutorials and reviews.
Steering: not ok, the best on any vehicle ever. Does handle well. Parking lots? Easier than most vehicles.
Live chat interactions forge stronger bonds than static comments.
A clear slogan or mantra aids brand memory.
Event highlight reels perform best within 24 hours.
Spotlighting smaller voices builds goodwill and differentiation.
Pin a comment with sources and gear lists to boost trust.
Social experiment videos must prioritize consent and ethics.
This is a very cool spaceship, really.
Love your videos but that thing is anything but cool.
Been driving mine for 11 months.  It’s my 4th truck in 20 years.  I absolutely love it.  It is WAY better in every way (except refuel time) than my other trucks.
Can't wait for cs188's full take on this, after referencing it when talking about Joe Hendry. 😉
I hate this truck but if I had the money I would buy it
I did the 48 Hour Test Dr. and loved it. My old model S is probably gonna be traded in for one, but I’m gonna wait for the depreciation to bring the price down some more.
I honestly thought that it would be better in person than in videos… but it looks like it was built in a barn by 8th graders.   I may be mistaken, but for see a lot of people with a lot of regret in a few years.
The retro stealth look.
I laugh out loud every time I see one.  Hilarious!!!
THIS is the moment Doug lost his head to hype
Can someone please buy me this?
Didn't age well. It's simply not cool.
Well this didn’t work out. Modern day Edsel
9:36 cmon we know that nobody is gonna use the bed lol
Tesla=Blackberry.
Completely hideous.
Uglier than sin
"Air vents."
This aged poorly 😅
I think they seem a lot smaller in person than they do in photos/videos. in any case, it's just a mobile, self-propelled battery pack. I'm not sure "cool" is the right word, but sure...
This review didn’t age well, lol!  Between recalls and glued on body panels, this has to be the most overhyped while poorly designed and executed vehicle since the Edsel.  Except, the Edsel was probably a better vehicle.
alot of Honda ridgeline features were copied.
THIS…. Did not age well 😂
I just read that Tesla is only selling 8% of their predicted sales of the Cybertrucks, it is considered one of the biggest automotive flops since the Edsel.
I disagree. I think the driving experience is the most interesting thing about the truck. That steer by wire is such an awesome experience. I wish my other cars had it.
Hmm, if buyers don't use it as truck, nor consider it a truck, or talk about any of its truck-characteristics, then how is it possible to upstage conventional trucks? I'm sure Ford, Chevy, Dodge, GMC, Toyota feel just fine. Sorry Doug you kind of contradicted yourself on this one, buddy.
I consider myself an open-minded person, and I also strongly feel that the manufacturers are hamstrung with strict regulations as to how futuristic concepts can be implemented on major production runs. That being said, this looks like a flimsy mutant filing-cabinet on wheels. I cannot imagine me spending my money on somethings so hideous, even if it ran on air.
Doug at lunchtime: “THHIISSS, is a Ham & Cheese Sandwich.”
I have a Model 3. At first, I did use my mirrors, but after driving it for a while, I have never needed to use any of the mirrors. All the cameras with blind spot monitoring make the mirror completely useless.
Swasticar
Ya put the ug in Doug
I thought it was a cyber truck.
this gentleman is the best car review since top gear, just amazing and detailed
There’s a reason there’s nothing like it on the planet
30:37 well they did...
Great review
It has autopilot, full self-driving and differential locks now.
You can also pinch the rearview mirror to see either closer or further away.
I believe that all Teslas have hidden climate vents... Also! The pillar with the hazard button also has buttons for park, drive, reverse, and neutral. They just don't reveal themselves until you are ready to drive (foot on brake).
Didn't mention the bottle opener in the bed.
Will Doug ever live down giving the worst vehicle made in the last 30 years a great Doug score?
"It comes from a company run by an insane person" Aged like 60yo French Wine.
Absolute 💩 car
Add a flux capacitor, 1.21 gigawatts battery pack and your off.
You know. Everytime I look at this thing I keep thinking of the Pontaic Aztec.
What's funny is that the H2 used to be the most embarrassing vehicle to drive... then this rolled onto the road :sob:
The style is brutalism. Like the architecture style.
Expensive BOX 📦
The Cybertruck's innovative design and features are captivating aspects to other sustainable transportation investments like charging optimization perfect the mobility valleyСевер justify(loop(amol boul.
I use my AWD Cybertruck for work everyday hauling a ladder and tools in the bed.  I build homes for a living and it works better than my Raptor for this purpose.  I only pay $23 per week to drive it about 70 miles a day.
Hope you understand that I had to dislike the video
paid ad
this did NOT age well
Looks like a refrigerator    Stupid
Hey Dougy how much firewood do you haul with that widdle twuck?
What s jackass.
That interior is so terrible. Random iPad suction cupped to the dashboard. Just put regular controls.  The giant iPad us so out of place and bazaar design choice.
Embarrassing. You should be embarrassed.
0:36 voice crack
I'm surprised it got such a high score in the QUALITY category. He's not kidding about those edges. Stainless steel is meant to be rolled on the edges or have trim attached. As a result, there are many areas on the exterior that will cut and draw blood. And there are areas that don't line up properly, which can often create a much sharper edge/corner. The build quality is really sub-par on these. It falls under the category of 'great concept, poor execution'
It looks like it should've been in the original RoboCop, as a vehicle or a Cyborg. That's not the future. That's Back to the Future:):)
Fugly is included at no extra cost
The design is definitely unique, I'm loving the futuristic look, but let's see how it performs in real-world conditions before we call it a game-changer.
Despite all the flaws I now know about, i still like the way it looks.  Those sharp edges on the front shouldn't be allowed though. Not that anyone is buying now.
This hasnt aged well. Lol
And that's the ugliest car ever created,  period.
I do wish you would take a breath occasionally. Too fast delivery for me to follow. I feel exhausted as I'm NOT in a hurry. Sorry I won't be subscribing.
Cyber truck is dumb and the man doing the video is annoying
i'm sorry Doug but i must disagree, it is not COOL. never was. it looks ridiculous inside and out. i wouldn't buy one even if it could time travel.
A nomads dream aside from the fact that it is a massive vehicle easily detected
A company run by an insane person...!
Blocked 2 mbooo web series
Blocked 2 mbooo web series
Blocked 2 mbooo web series
Plain Cool for the Rich Fool 😂 behold Tesla Cybertruck aka ED 209
Does it actually swear if you tap the window on the screen or is it censored?
Nah it's not cool. It's just sad.
Best drinking game in the world, Take a drink of a your beer every time Doug says the word this!   And your wasted!
I’m gonna need more buttons
stealth truck
Does the frunk actually cut of your arm??
Thank god the Rivian still just beat it out
I need a retrospective episode on this
Looks more like a refrigerator on wheels
Were you paid to give it that high of a score??? 😂😂😂
This guy is gay. BTW gay means happy 😊
Terrible safety feature with the frunk/trunk . It will take a child or adult dying I guess. I really hate the look of it. And if something small stops working, the whole thing wont work. And getting rid of gas for electric it still hard on the environment.  Not explaining here. Google it. And His Tesla factory here in Austin has fired a lot of people by email.  Brought in all these people mainly from California has made homes 5× more expensive.  I realize housing has gone up everywhere but more in this area cause of Tesla. And then fired so many people . He's trying to build a tesla town  here now. He's done some good in the country but he's not 100%
The car is plain ugly and no amount of ads / promos will trick me into buying it.
Well this aged like milk
Oh I get it. Musk built it for trump supporters
First I saw one i thought someone built it in their garage. Who in their right mind would buy one? Seems musk produced it as a joke. Just to see how many would buy one and look, a few have. Uggggggly
No one cares Doug. Oh wait, does it have tires and seats?
This review aged poorly.
eww
Bro traveled to 2060 to buy this car 💀
So much seething in the comments now - hilarious.
It’s funny that people think you need to be rich to own one, when even a $50k used truck out there with gas and oil will be $100k in 5 years time in cost so yea, keep thinking with the blinders on people…
Looks like a file cabinet or a Dumpster
This car is the epitome of dystopia
Fast forward, most hated 🏳️‍🌈 vehicle on the road. Drivers look like complete jackasses.
THIS
I hope they come out with a Cyber SUV that has a proper tailgate and closed in trunk space.
ugliest car ever...... i'm buying one!
It’s so ugly. It’s so ugly. It’s so ugly. It’s so ugly. It’s so ugly. It’s so ugly. It’s so ugly. It’s so ugly. It’s so ugly.
Honestly don’t like it at all
When you disagree with everything someone says and then all cars and bids stiuff, it's easy to just find someone else.  The Cyber Truck was his HIGHEST RATED VEHICLE ON HIS LIST.  What the?
update the Doug score
Soundwave Cybertruck Alt, by Juno Lewis   https://youtu.be/qjpmVjrNue0?si=i71OQfJHe_WtYyFJ  White background https://youtu.be/5qqatdqE7G8?si=YA1CBApzIDLGdWDx  Transform! https://youtu.be/BvBKcPgohAI?si=hX3SwaRtGv37pRzW
I do not like looking to my right for my speed, aftermarket GPS HUD , ASAP!
“Plain cool” and “plain recall”
They designed the truck on the hazard light.
Wondering if "Foundation" is a reference to Ayn Rand.
Aged like an open bottle of milk in Arizona
Does the Cybertruck's unique design impact its off-road performance compared to traditional trucks? Love the futuristic look!
This aged like milk.
Now here we are, a year later.  I'll try to be polite and respectful.  With the extreme madness going on in our government, is there anything left of the "cool factor" in owning a Tesla?
So happy that Tesla is bombing for a little bit. I love the cyber truck I always have and I put money down on it but couldn't afford a new one. I cannot wait to get a low mileage cyber truck for 60 or 70 K. They're already down to 80 with low mileage. It's only a matter of time. I don't care what any you think. I'm not buying new. But this is happening. And if somebody spray paint my cyber truck, I'm just gonna leave it there.All dents all tags gonna stay forever.
I would argue that there is literally nothing cool about this vehicle
The nazi mobile is not so cool now is it Doug.
crazy people will attack you now for having this truck
Love the Cybertruck's futuristic design! Curious how it handles off-road—anyone tested it yet? Let’s hear your thoughts!
Aah yes,the hunk of junk truck
Oh no
Elon 2027 !
Obviously its been made for use on mars. Everything he does is for ise on  mars including the reusable rockets and this weird truck.
This is a stupid truck
“Comes from a company run by an insane person” boy did that quote aged well
say its a hyped car now its a disaster and pathetic dont ever consider this abomination a truck
Oh dear.
THHHISSSS... Thing fell apart
i LOVE it!!
It is far from cool and it hasn't upstaged anything. I have seen them in person several times and haven't once been excited! Basically, to me when you see a cyber truck, you can easily identify the biggest dumbass in your town!!
Well I guess this video didn't age well.
My mom called it a coffin and now I cannot unsee it lol
Another decadent waste. 🤹🏻‍♂️
voice, so friggin annoying!!
Boy, this review – if the title is any indicator – isn't going to age well at all (kinda like the Cybertruck which despite coming out relatively recently already looks dated).
SWASTIKAR
Why is it so ugly?
"Cool Factor" at 10. Man, that aged like fine milk if you ask me. Panels glued to the frame.... smh
i didnt know the chum bucket made vehicles
Not lookin so good these days.
Joker idiot.
THIS... was the beginning of the end of Doug's channel. THIS video exposed him to be bought.
Stainless steel that will rust
This guy works for musk ,no other explanation
It’s weird, before Trump was president I hated this thing. I’m starting to see how cool it is now that Elon is saving our country from woke. It’s like an awesome vigilante starship
It still looks like a joke.
That’s actually crazy if you slipe by it you might 😵
All I can say it’s overrated and over priced. I would buy it the price was between $25k-$35k no more
24:45 For the next few seconds the voice cracks diabolically lol
Cyber truck is a starship with wheels
Looking at this thing makes me have to go take a dump.
Oh how this has aged
This video is embarrassing
WOW!! Does it come with a ShamWOW! Ahhh hah hah hah hah. But seriously, WOW! Ahh hah hah ha
Remember when we all loved Elon and thought he was super cool and saving the world?
Love the aesthetics. The fact that the door and tailgate latch won't outlast the drive train is a bit irritating...
The guy's too irritating.
I betcha Doug wouldn’t do this same review today.
Love that Elon is an immigrant destroying our country.
JUST PLAIN UGLY
Ahh the bed will fit with a two small diesel generators 😁
pure trash, brother bought one for company and broke down before 100 miles
Love the Cybertruck's bold design, but curious about its practicality for everyday use. What’s your take on its real-world performance?
The cyber truck is if the comedy genre was a truck.
The roof looks like anything but aerodynamic
I love the look of these cybertrucks
I love the look of these cybertrucks
The Cybertruck's design is bold and futuristic, but how does it handle everyday practicality? Excited to see real-world performance!
It's just plain junk.
cyberstuck = useless car = Swasticar.
Love the Cybertruck's bold design, but curious about its real-world performance and practicality. Can’t wait to see how it handles daily use!
Cybertruck be like: 🔺
most least
That is just plain garbage!
Stupidest freaking thing EVER! Those who actually like this pos are weirdos! Clearly, shows that dumb Elon took cheap corners with this ugly non truck... & Why would you say in the title that this thing cool hahahaha
No, they're not just plain cool. They're dumb as hell
Atleast most cars have textures and are rendered
Hate to say it but ghetto cars, 1950s-1970s cars are sexier
How did you get your face to be this huge🤔
What an expensive trash can 😮!!!
I would wrap mine flat black and tint the windows
Why are your screaming all the time?
The build quality of this thing is atrocious
I remember Doug being super unimpressed when he first saw it
Is ugly😁😁😁😁🤔
that cybertruck better not explode
its confusing, my politics tell me to hate Tesla but they also tell me to drive an EV to save the earth
He call rims wheels
If the car is cool for Doug, it's cool for me!  Thanks Doug, you just sold the truck for me!
It goes on the "not cool" side of the cool wall.
It’s now so unbelievably UNCOOL.
boycott Tesla
Everybody is hating on the cybertruck either because they never drove one or can’t afford one, or both, or just wants to be like the others and hate on it. but me personally I like the cybertruck
Microscopic penismobile 🧐?.. 🔬
Tesla = Nazi Don’t buy one!
Its not cool. Ugly...............yes
33:06 Doug casually summing up suburbanite truck bros
The amount of Redditors getting so upset by this lmfao
You should take this video down to save America.
I just test drove one it was insane coming from my 2006 Silverado felt like a spaceship
Finaly a Truck you can only use in cyber space.... A truck for influencers...
great job! Doug!!
Nah I don’t want to get mistaken for a German in 1939.
It’s hilarious that everyone knows this truck is a complete POS. Useless pile of trash. Really living up to its dumpster look
Its not cool.  Not even a little.  My kids literally laugh when they see one of these monstrosities.
Ug-cool-ly!
Not putting a Tesla badge on it was the one intelligent design decision they made - but sadly too little too late.
I can't tell wheather it's coming or going. Either way, it looks cool, like a distant cousin of the LANDMASTER from the 1977 sci-fi flick DAMNATION ALLEY.
No.
Its poor quality ridiculous looking junk
I saw one of these yesterday at Krogers! Amazing 🤩
Truck looks like a big fart going down the road
Yikes L opinion doug
Not rear view mirrors,side view mirrors.Rear view mirror is inside the vehicle.
Love that Doug was honest in this review! The truck is great! People that hate it are liars! Thanks Doug. So happy you made this honest video.
14:50 Yes the immediate benefit... Wait till someone is seconds away from a crash and the lag due to steer by wire can't save the person (basically he can't swerve and save himself because there is a lag. It is not like normal steerings where you turn the wheel you instantly turn)
Doug…We love ya in CT., but no thanks on the cybercan.
And u r just gullible with zero critical thinking
13:18 the bmw😈
You could buy a Porsche Taycan for about the same amount of money which is really nice unlike this thing which isn’t legal in Europe because of this sharp sides. I find it utterly ridiculous.
The first association that comes to mind when you see this in the stream is a coffin on wheels 😂
You buy nothing but second wife ! Goodluck !! Crying for is not allowed !!!
This must be the ugliest pos I've ever seen. It's a kid's drawing turned into the actual car. I can imagine a lot of models that can be done this way. They'll all stand out on the motorway until they don;'t, because everything is so ugly.
Until, YOU sit in a Cybertruck and actually drive one, IT will be a fridge to YOU.  By 2035, regular car makers will be scratching their heads, if they don't convert to EV world.  🤣
💭 PINTO 💭
junk garbage
This is by far the most ugliest thing on the road, ever. What a joke, complete waist of metal. Pathetic.
But does it meet the true measure of a truck?  I.e., can you fit a 4x8 sheet of plywood in it?
Imagine owning both a Cybertruck and a Delorean...
This is not a truck. this is an unarodynamic electric car that no one will buy
So ugly.
Funny they bring up aero for the windshield wiper when they basically built a dumpster on wheels😂….
Просто лъскав контейнер за боклук.  А интериора, лъха на евтино или иначе казано мизерия.
More ugly it just can't be.
I wonder if this would be a campaign or online exclusive mission unlock in GTA 6?
People stop to take pictures of this beast because they hope to see what idiot paid 100g’s for a big microwave.
More like cyberjunk...
cybertrucks are no longer limited to north america
If it is not Elon Musk we will never know this car exists and the company may have bankrupted
It is plain GARBAGE...huge POS.
Wat happens wen u break the screen . Punch. Fight. Accident.  Then wat hpw do u drive
It's a good thing he stopped pushing Turo by the time he did this review LOL
Stupid car from a company owned by a stupid man. Possibly the first Tesla that E. Musk was completely involved it and it shows.  I'm glad that the EU would never allow for such a dangerous thing to be on the roads here in Europe because there would be enough brainless people here to buy them.
"this is COOLER than any other truck!" well that was a lie
12:31 Dam look at that panel gap😂
Musk is a genius, he’s not insane smh.
....we are now six recalls later and this Doug review has aged very poorly.  I used to watch his videos everytime they came out, but things have changed.  Did you get paid for this one Doug?  One of the worst vehicles ever made, now a laughing stock, and you gave it your highest score?  Something smells nasty here.
How utterly 'ugh' visually. 2 million redrawn since due to a fault. No wonder Begone Musk is  buying his way into Putins White House in DC.
18:10 Doug predictig deaths
Just plain cool?  GM's Dustbuster Minivan has been reincarnated!  The windshield literally looks like it was lifted off a Pontiac Transport!
CyberTRASH!
How did this pass pedestrian safety norms?
My diesel f250 can haul 2500lbs up a mountain can this electric vehicle do this please try watch your electric vehicle blow up. Go ahead try it.
So cool
NOT a "Rearview mirror"
I like   to all Of  you and you didn't like too me😢😭😭😭
No one like my comments 😭
yo guys i have jook cyberpunk
I wish that I have a Cybertruck
bro be fast because I have little bet Time okay
The rim spokes dont line up with the tire sidewalls
Driving over the wet parking lot paint
🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮😔😔
Dude 2.57 into the video and you have not started talking about the subject of the video, too much drama just to inrease the length of the video total wastage of time
ugliest car ever
I will say this about the Cyber Truck.  I saw one by me in Queens  it looks Sleek if he can fix the kinks all of them. Hello!! It would be hot 🔥 if  it was up to someone to like it. It would be Michael J. Fox that has to  like it? It looks  like the Delorean (?) Can someone ask Marty Mcfly,  Michael J. Fox, if he likes it.. I believe that movie (BackToTheFuture) was in thought with this design. Ask him. I'm sure that  would cheer him up 😊
Don’t get me wrong, the future is cool. But why spend $100k on a car that you have to wait on to come out, and then wait for its features to release 14 months after you get the car?
This is cool? It has nothing cools, it's a ketamine dream created by a junkie.   It rusts, its useless. Cause the loading bed is to small for 1 bike. You cant wash it cause it will stain, bird dropping/tree sap will stain the car, you cant wash it in direct sunlight cause it wil stain you car.   To save money in Tesla's they put everything on a screen, so you have to get your eyes off the road for the most basic controls.  Its a safety hazard for bikes and pedestrians.  It a good vegetable peeler though.
It seems so complex but maybe in reality it's not. Perhaps it is like a complex digital camera that comes with an easy auto 'Green' mode to get photographers started.
9.5k raptor owners 🤣
That is one ugly truck i dont mind electric cars but make something nicer
"quirks and features"
why does he remind me of sheldon lol
TESLAS CRME AGAINST AUTOMOBILITY
This vehicle is a mockery of how plain, generic, and boring we have become as a people and society. Nobody really thinks this vehicle is cool or appealing. People who want this, want it solely because of the fact they like trends and want attention.
That thing is so ugly and screams “i never get attention. Please look at me”
Mate please don't present when you're driving, go back to the older times when you just drove and enjoyed the car
Dumpsters are getting so pretty lately
I surprised the wheels aren't triangular.
1:47 please blur the number plate
A truck that's not good being a truck. Literally the worst vehicle in history
Cant stand this dork,  he deserves the cybertruck.   This truck was created for DORKS and nerds with a trust fund
The tailgate demonstration….. absolutely perfect.
The Only 1 CyberTruck in Bulgaria.  https://youtu.be/IJWPbSiyAhE?si=gxYqltUNNjXL64p2
Its really funny how AI can come with a far better desing if you prompt: "Cybertruck 2072"
cool wheels, tough body, the rest...oh my gosh hideous!
Even for free I will not take this car, it's awful and ugly....
Polygon truck😂
Man this is the UGLYIEST TRUCK CAR I EVER SEEN  ! 🤢🤢🤢🤮🤮🤮 Looks like some Mess out of the Mad Max Movie .
The wheels are round
Coming to a scrap heap near you
Hell nag cyber truck ain't on top on the Doug score, the new hummer is better than it.
The next Tesla phone gonna be a triangle 😂
gay
How much is Elon paying you to say this trash can with wheels is "cool"?
Idk man..... Seems like Elon wired Doug a couple million for new super car
It looks cool.?.   Time ,as usual, will determine this.  I feel this thing was given a free pass for how I've seen vehicles have been analyzed by Doug
this aged terribly
That's a perfect title for your podcast lol
For summer u will feel the heat on the dash and on ur body as well
It looks like a dumpster with wheels
People adore and reminisce over a Countach or DeLorean, but then scoff at the Cybertruck and criticize every nut and bolt? Maybe group-think and fake news has people by the balls. It’s not about the car, its about sending a message…
STYLING 5..... REALITY 0
I'm really not sure how this car got a green light? It is a pedestrian nightmare. Any remembers a game called Carmageddon?
We may all think the design is whatever, but mark my words, this will start a trend back towards boxy cars.
It's so ugly looking
This is the ugliest thing I have laid my eyes on. Wait until salt from winter roads gets its hands on the body. I think the exterior will be a complete POS in three years unless it sits in a garage 22 hours a day out of the sun, rain, snow
Anyone that thinks this third grade crayon sketch is a good vehicle is “crazy”. Doug shouldn’t be reviewing toilet paper. Hack.
"it works really well" as it fails to register your touch lol
I see like 10 a day in nyc
Gimme a break! Anyone with half a brain and not naive enough to think that Musk is half as smart as we’ve given him too much credit for, knows that this thing is a joke. Looks like it was drawn by an 8 year old and frequent breakdowns. Yeah, really cool.
It’s $82,000 to $102,000 I can buy something better with all that money no thanks to each there own
I have AFIB, two torn meniscus, 5 herniated discs and can barely provide for my family! I can't even get my kids a decent car to drive us! I hope I can afford something even close to this price before I die!
Doug had such a hard-on over steer-by-wire, but didn't explain what it is, just that you don't have to turn the steering thing far.
Doug is going to have to do another review? This tesla is terrible.
Tesla is a great company if you're an investor, it's a terrible company if you're a customer.
Well, you lost it at the end for me when California was mentioned and the cool factor over towing 😅.  At the end of the day you're still reviewing a truck. 😂
FYI, the power outlets in the bed are two 110V and one 220V outlet. A washing machine does NOT use 220V. Also, what is a Tun-eW cover? I know you mean Tonneau Cover, which to the rest of the American speaking people, is pronounced TAWN-OH. I have never heard anyone say it the way you do. Kinda weird.
Doug is the type of person to not know the definition of insanity.
Literally, nobody but basement dwelling, bitcoin hugging troglodites were or are excited for this minimal display of fecal remnant. It's not even a pile. It's what's left after you wipe.   They're made of garbage by a garbage company, run by someone that doesn't even qualify as garbage, because that would be disrespectful to refuse world round.
As a raptor owner you have no idea what you’re talking about at the end. Try to haul dry wall or 2x4s at 9 feet. The Cyber truck can’t do that. But they do look cool.
After watching this makes me ❤️❤️❤️it even more😄
Why does it look like my kid tried to draw a Delorean from memory?
Doug did you tell the potential buyers that elon has his product with backdoor access through firmware to remotely eavesdrop on the user, wouldn't buy this unless I can jaikbreak it and install my own os.
how is that a truck ?
It's ugly & gimmicky
Thee absolute most Ugly Vehicle ever produced!  A refrigerator on the road! UGLY!  I thought the Gremlin could Never be superseded! Give me some plywood sheets and I could make the same! Come on, Doug!!…..(your “YouTube” skirt is riding a little high)……careful….you will continue to lose your audience.  -two cents
Incredibly boring!
I can't wait for people with fragile egos to stop thinking that trucks and SUVs are cool. Maybe that way we would get actual cool cars at some point again
your reviews were pretty cool until this one... this car is a piece of garbage, founded by even bigger piece of garbage elon musk... you're just too hyped about everyhing
This should never ever have gone into production.  It’s a Delorean on steroids.  A laughing stock.  I hate it.
Just from the start I can see dents and blemishes on the front and sides. The fit and finish on the joint panals is intolerable for that kind of dough Doug.
22:10 the best thing about this 😂😂😂😂
You rated the R1T as 73 in your original R1T video, you incorrectly say you gave it a 72 in this video
I'd say "aged like milk", but that would imply that it wasn't sour from the launch. (the 'truck' and review)
I’m hard…
I bet the original real founders of Tesla are mortified by this POS
What you mean the car is fun? Like a clown car? Go and cash your Elon's check... your reputation is in shambles
musk with spacex created a wonder with landing the rocket after many failures. After receving so much negatives, feedback for 1st gen cybertruck, eager to see what another wonder musk going to create with nex gen cybertruck!
A 10 cool factor is laughable. It’s a 1 max…
It’s embarrassing that he likes this truck and honestly makes me question his judgement. I might need to stop watching his content. No credibility left
I personally found Whistlin' Diesel's review of the cybertruck more informative
DD score 73 :D. ....you need to push hard on YT to capture next moçon who will spend 100k on imbecillity
I love my ford truck it’s paid off and it run on dinosaur blood. I see electric cars and trucks on the side of the road with a generator charging. I would not want that
If you think it's cool, then you know absolutely nothing, delete your account and go live under a rock... where musk came from down in SA
I am in Jamaica and I saw 1 I was surprised I was wandering wat the hell is that but its look really Kool
I got to drive one today it was amazing
80k for this junk. Nah I’ll pay a c7 z06
Gen Z the type to go straight to commenting for likes instead of pointing out Doug calling a Hexagon an Octagon @ 15:24
"No one is buying a cybertruck for the utility, they are buying it to be cool just like why people buy a ford raptor." However, when the cool and new wear off with the ford raptor it still looks pretty good. Where as the cybertruck looks like a refrigerator.  Guys who like trucks will still like the raptor. People who bought or buy a cybertruck will dwindle with time unless they update the style from a 3yo childs drawing to something a little more thought out. Also ive never heard of parts just falling off a new raptor. Parts falling off a new cybertruck seems to be quite common and the single wiper tends to just break off per reviews on youtube by actual owners.   Just saying. The depreciation will be great on the cybertruck.
How is seat comfort compared to an R1T?  Does the Cybertruck have bigger more cushy seats than say a Model Y (which I have and hate the narrow seats for a wide person like me).
I'm favoured, $60k every week! I can now give back to the locals in my community and also support God's work and the church. God bless America..
Then 4 months later whistlin diesel makes a video saying how easy it is to brake
https://youtu.be/An9nhAUUFE0?si=Ebztqznygyn0St2k
The Deplorian
you talking so much
Not really, they've still got tons of issues, terrible build quality, and look goofy as all get-out. This is a vehicle you keep in your garage not because it's valuable, but because you don't want to be seen driving it lol.
This is what happens when a DMC-12 got together with a Chevy Avalanche...... got drunk...... and had a baby together
Am I the only one to flip off Starlink?
Look at it for a moment...  That's all you need to know.
"There is nothing else like this on the PLANET!😀"  thank god
Completely junck, go back to gasoline powered vehicles!!
Doug the type of guy who review the trank so someone buy to put dead body in the back
I've 'been inside' Tesla cars, in malls, (not driven) and seen plenty of "Tesla vehicle reviews" from Doug and others (e.g., "Motorweek"). I like Tesla's innovation for utmost 'uniqueness' and for not being like everyone else. I don't know if I could ever really get used to or want their level and type of interior "minimalism" compared to standard buttons, gauges, etc. of the interiors of all other vehicles. To have to do everything, also, on basically a center mounted "laptop," no matter how big the laptop is (center screen console)......is also something that I don't think I'd ever want to get used to.  One think I haven't seen you do, Douglass, in your videos of Teslas.....is demonstrate how and where speed display shows up in Teslas: Is it on the windshield and/or the center screen console?
There's an integrated ramp for easier access.
You can tell up close its a pos unibody frame
TESLA JUNK
Didn't show the fire.
Already looks out of date and ugly.
Stupid is born every minute!
I love Doug but I did prefer Whistlin Diesel's review.
It’s plain ugly
noob it sucks 🖕
Ugliest truck on this planet, looks like a Minecraft creation.
This is not a cool vehicle. It is also not practical, if you are towing a trailer be prepared to charge every 45 mins. Good luck finding a charger every 45 mins.
No payload.  No roof rack . No use on any job. Not a truck
Seeing Doug speak very highly of this vehicle secures my purchase I have made with it. Probably the most expensive vehicle I have purchased and figured to do it once in my life get something for once that I actually really wanted. I get mostly positive but certainly some negative out there, but whatever it’s my money my vehicle and my family and I enjoy it. Glad to be a part of the history and this vehicle like it or not will be a top rare and unique vehicle that has come out in quite some time!
12:22 'how do you open the door?' ALL THE FINGERPRINTS SHINING.... uhhh I can guess where to open the door lol. Are the finger prints that bad irl? Because seeing all that finger print mess makes it 10x less cool/stealthy
Can I get a cybertruck that has can run off electric or gas with a Push of a button,now that would be cool!
Bar none, the most offensive looking vehicle that's ever hit the road! Gross 🤮
This guy has never used a truck before clearly. He hasn't had the tailgate down on F100 and lent in the back of that
Zur ekan lekin
how much they pay bro to ignore every flaw and glaze this bad
God awful ugly.... I am no fan of this monstrosity...lol
I hate that color. I’ve seen cybertrucks that look better when using black, white, dark green, etc. anything but that color looks better honestly haha as long as the rims match the wrap color.
I think it would be cool if Radio Shack would become the only dealer for these and ONLY as a kit car for about ten grand.
SuckerTruck
This guy reminds me of a Cow & chicken character.
I think it looks pretty cool
if you put a straight edge across much of the body work, you will find gentle curves according to a recent video by James May
The Cybertruck is a well documented disaster and this idiot is glazing it.
Dress better
I don't think it's cool, it looks like it was designed by an incell teenager in the bedroom of his mums house
It's like someone captured a UFO and converted it into a pickup truck.🛸➡️🛻
Doug the type of guy to review anything.... Especially excrement....
El carrolata; del ⏸️hombre de hojalata ⏸️de la película "El mago de Oz"
I like it idc what anyone thinks
I feel like it's gonna end up like Delorean
693 Maggio Manor
The Martians are here! Yech!!!!!
I did think, with those sharp edges there’s now way that’ll pass regulations in Europe and the UK. Hopefully they’ll make a EU version
This bunker on wheels gives "beauty is in the eye of the beholder" a whole new meaning
Here is a huge unaddressed problem: EVs weigh significantly more than ICE vehicles.  They don’t pay taxes for the roads at the pump. So if everyone switched to EVs, highways would lose the vast majority of their funding, and all roads will become toll roads.  This can not be allowed. They should have to pay a highway fee if they are skipping out on these taxes.
This pretty much sums up what elon musk used to think watching sci fi movies while growing up 😂 .
It's clear that Doug is partial to Tesla; I don't see anything cool about this.
Wow. What a sellout.
Why would cleaning the dashboard be a hassle? A duster wouldn’t work?
I think it looks like a truck designed by homer simpson. I would bet it doesn't sell longer than 3 years. Maybe the cult will prop it up longer than that.
I've still never seen a Cybertruck IRL
I would never want to drive that vehicle. 1. Side mirrors are too small and are unsafe. They don't afford nearly enough lane visibility. 2. No way to gauge how close you are to something in front of you. 3. No rear visibility. Good luck trying to parallel park. 4. Gauges to your side instead of directly in front of you are an invitation to neck strain and muscle spasms. 5. If the power fails you cannot steer. 6. Bulletproof glass means you can't quickly break the side glass and exit the vehicle if you wind up driving into water. Instead you get to drown. 7. If the battery dies you can't just go down the road with a gas can and get more gas (or have someone bring gas to you). You need a tow. 8. The outside bed controls look problematic for allowing thieves or vandals to operate them while you are inside or nearby enough for your key fob to communicate with the vehicle. 9. The huge A pillars will definitely cause accidents. The blind spots are way too large.
Modern day AMC Pacer.
Other than keeping up with the Joneses, there is nothing appealing about it. Ugly car built to fail.
Lmao. This will NEVER compare to the luxury of a Buick. But then again... You don't know ANYTHING about cars.
Piece of s, it getting rusty
When it gets dirty, do you Windex it?. The truck is actually pretty cool after watching Doug's review.
Came here to watch Doug eat crow cause he secretly hates Tesla
One of the ugliest vehicles ever built, if not the truly ugliest.
Jokes are on them, raptor owners are ghey too 😂
That Tesla cybertruck is ugly!!  I happened to be driving beside one, and it looked like a rolling trash can!! All I could do was laugh!  So unstylish!!!!
Over engineered.
Nothing cooler than misaligned, gap-ridden steel panels that will slice your skin for $100,000!
I saw this truck on the Simpson 25 years ago, I guess they can predict the future. What next the baby talking machine
Tesla Gaybertruck
I still don't like it.
Very expensive ugly truck.
LOL! How can something ugly AF be cool? Dude, even if I had the money, I'd be embarrassed to be seen in something like this, lol.
Just plain junk for over 100k.
Tesla should transform the cybertruck into a full size suv to compete with cadillac escalade iq
i honestly find it just ugly
U are giving demetri from cobra Kai vibes
OK, a GEEK is telling be what's cool. Ha-Ha.
It was launched in Austria at least 3 months ago.
Ugh... another guy constantly using "insane", redefining it (get a vocabulary), and dumbing us all down. I'll exit.
Doug I'm a big fan, you are great. I am though confused and in disagreement with the evs at the top of the ratings here.  A few points: You list the Cybertruck with a fun factor of 9, why?  You can't count accel with fun here as that stat is already used. Where is the fun of 9 coming from that beats the 8 score you gave the TRX? The TRX can go off roading, this is very fun. I believe the Cybertruck is not even allowed on offroad trails that require 4WD since it is only AWD.  How is AWD more fun than 4WD?   Again huge fan, but i feel the ram and fords should be placed above the evs in a few stats here which would change the dougscore.  Again huge fan, so I'm very passionate about the dougscore, a lot of us are.
39:05 how can hummer ev and rivian cool factors be just 6?
It looks like a 3rd grader designed it. I don't understand how anyone could think this is worth anywhere close to asking price. I've seen several in town and they all look cheap and poorly built. The other offerings are quite sexy but this turd ain't even close.
It’s ugly
Can we get a collab between Doug and Matt Watson @carwow
Trash car. Disgusting
Pontiac Aztec, Pacer AM , Gremlin, owners are breathing again 😎
I just can't get on board with it. It's fugly. As an 80's kid, it looks like cars used to in early 3D games.
Everything on this review is funny.. never talks about quality, materials etc ,..never talk about the real bad things on the car and even that hast the best score at this own score system ..
Yep, the Muskrat is a real genius!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_scBKKHi7WQ  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZY5g7UxeJB0
Good
Crap
Doug can make anyone smile. My gosh. The way he reviews every vehicle with energy is awesome
$1,000 off new Tesla using link: https://ts.la/kevin173918
Even if they "gave" me one of these things, I would drive it straight to the dealership and sell it!  TERRIBLE!
Wouldn't removing the rear view mirror make the vehicle illegal to drive?
Thankfully I'm 100% sure this ...thing will never be imported to EU. I understand Tesla and I like it but I really don't get the people who buy this abomination.
This car looks like that polygon Pokémon.
The Cybertrucks doors should open and close all the way with the push of buttons. That would have been way cooler.
This must be a nightmare at summer
Not going to lie. I love your reviews and insights but man this was a hard one to watch. This jas to be one of the ugliest "trucks" that has ever been made.
I would not want a vehicle that did not have the speedometer directly in front of me.  You need to turn your head too much to look at the speedometer in the Cybertruck.
Alt title: "If doug designed his perfect truck"
He sounds just like Mr.Frond from Bob’s Burgers and now I can’t stop laughing 😅
Still an ugly design
DeMuro with his signature T-Shirt on top T-Shirt trademark.  And why does this dude remind me of Jay Leno.
SHEETBOX!
Well Doug jumped the shark. Sad.
Ugliest thing I ever se in auto industry.
I am not a fan of the whole gear shift being a part of the screen. Now if the screen somehow breaks or doesnt work, I now have an 80k brick. I like technology in cars as much as the next person, but I also believe that certain aspects of the whole point of a car should have manual back ups, much like how if the door latch release on the inside fails, there is still a manual release, don't know why there isnt one on the outside as well, but then again, I will never own a truck like this so I dont care all that much.
I am sure he lost some parts when driving....
4 months since the release of this review the view that it's just "cool" should be edited to "it's just Dumb".
so fiat multipla isnt the ugliest car ever made now
GARBAGE
I saw one yesterday at Publix in Jax. Who would pay over 100k for something that ridiculous?
no way, they made the cyber truck a lowrider
Big screen in car sucks we need more knobs which are way safer than this dumb screen
I saw a cybertruck with a massive off road lift kit and suspention on it. Looked like a warthog from halo.  The only way i would want one is if i could make it into a real life warthog.
My neighbor just got one of these things. Has nothing but problems with them. The wanted to buy a truck. He should have brought a ford bronco
no it's not plain cool. it's plain ugly and doug is a douche
I thought bullet proof exterior was stocked
The Japanese came up with this design in 600 A.D. when they invented the art of paper-folding called, "Origami!" 😂  The last time that someone forged auto body panels out of stainless steel, Michael J. Fox drove the DELOREAN "Back to the Future!"
Its a rolling dumpster
Oh, is that the new 2024 DeLorean Ute
Idk, maybe just me, it looks cool in videos and pictures but on the street it looks like a chunky angular ugly piece of metal
First Woman to Book Cybertruck in Canada?! - https://youtu.be/1UEFrZ5u9C0?si=-uk6FcmjLjKpS6Je
Can you get to the back of the truck from the inside? I remember elon talking about that a long time ago or did they not design that into it?
I saw one down the road the other day parked at a Love’s 😂
Does it fit into a standard garage?
I was into it until I heard about the steering..  I occasionally get tremors in my arms..  It's not bad in rack and peanut, but string could be dangerous..
If you ask a 3 year old to draw a truck, this is the design you’d get.
Looks like a tank or armored truck. BA
Doug: this truck is brutal   Whistelingdiesel: says other wise
31:40 "yeah..... Special treat 🙄"
I seen one at work today and the real wheels turn to
automobile brutalism version 😂
It's literally a pile of junk.
Saw a cyber truck pulling an airstream a couple days ago and yes, it looked cool.
No curves because stainless steel is not exactly bendable
-4 points on styling and -8 on fun factor and -7 at cool facture and -4 at value to bring it at a total of 50 out of which brings it to refrigerator category
idk why but everytime i see one of these i get mad
Those wheel covers were nasty the real rims work better in my opinion.
That is the opposite of cool. Its disgusting. Also someone just burnt to death in one
Doug is the overamped, energy-drink-drunk Adderall-driven. borderline psychotic Cal Worthington of the Internet. On the one hand you have to give him credit for finding his perfect niche and owning it. On the other hand, one must have some serious empathy for those who he employs to assist him in producing this (THIS!!!) drivel.
glazing go crazy
I test drove one today and it is totally a form over function car..It felt like I was driving a jacked up model Y…I really wasn’t impressed…A plastic interior for over 100,000 …No thanks. I like to look cool but I also have a brain.
Watching this after 4 months, my perspective remains the same. The interior actually looks good, and I'd assume it drives way better than any diesel pickup at that price. But the exterior is just awful. The color looks like my refrigerator, but at least my refrigerator won't cut me based on the angle or give me straight up depression by all the eyeballs looking at me for all the wrong reasons. As someone with both a gas and electric vehicle in the household, I am a fan of Teslas. However, their exteriors have been repetitive as of late and the amount of defects are concerning. I have solar panels, so its definitely cost effective. All in all summary, Tesla is good. Cybertruck is bad. I'd still buy one, but that's just cause I have a home Reno company and how our vehicles look are the least of our worries lol.
Admit it, most people who bought this car don't use it as a work truck, they bought it to show that they are tech literate
Dog mode is so cool of an idea! I love my dog so much!! ❤️
All i see is metal trash can, different is bad.
Wildly inflated Doug score esp on quality and value lol
Somebody check this man’s account for a very sizable & Musky deposit
Complete garbage
Once Homer J. Simpson designed a much better car...and even cheaper. But unfortunaly he made his grother company go bankrupt😆😆
It's a truck not a car.
my dad has a cybertruck it’s awesome idk why yall hating
Electric might be bad now but gas engines didn't start the way they are now
When i remember American was nation that built Chevy Bel Air and cars like that...now this plastic fantastic Chinese pice of s.... Tragedy...
this cyber truck is soo over hyped
My other friend Britney probably thinking if I can fit in that trunk haha😭😭😭😱
Wow my friend Britney wants one these bad boyss😜
This is too out there. I do like the way all the EV companies are going towards as far as a new boxier but still some rounded areas (new bronco is boxy hut not).    Polaris, the weird EV Pickup Truck Company. (Don't think they make anything else)  But this Tesla, it's juat too much. It needs some roundness to it.  WHICH NEW CARS (especially the newer EV style cars) DO YOU LIKE THE DESIGNS OF?
No Doug nothing about Skynet is cool, stop supporting the destruction of the world
But its still a milk float
Lego car? Omg , didn't have a little of creativity when they create the model.
That thing is beyond ugly .... What selfrespecting designer has the guts to present the public such a monstrosity , it is obsceen !
What the hell is this? According to science it is a product of cerebral diarrhea.
If they ever reboot Back to the Future. The time machine will be a Cybertruck.
Haha not from Cali for long
The front of the hood is curved....
15:53 “A usual, circular, curved dog” —Doug DeMuro
It’s just fugly. Can’t get over the fugly.
Doug the type of guy to Vote for Harris
What a gay looking ride
This car is stupid and 08:47 I don't understand people who stick their tongue all the way out of their mouth when they say words that start with TH. I mean what the hell?
Until the car catches on fire
I like gauges right in front of me, like they're supposed to be, I couldn't live with everything in a dangerously distracting center screen, but it's nice to see a more objective review rather than just a totally biased cybertruck infomercial.
Doug you’re a sellout! This thing sucks!
What an ugly non practical piece of junk.
I don’t like it but I like it
I found Waldo at 17:53
curved dog
Rather drive a first-gen Prius covered with every embarrassing bumper sticker known to man over this monstrosity.
The weird view mirror
This is by far the ugliest thing ever created.
To me is aesthetically ugly
3 months later the CT is less cool now than it was then.  I've now seen 3 of them, and every adult in my car commented, "What a stupid, ugly thing!  What fool would buy that?"  - But with hasher words as we all laughed.
14:45 The shear look of concentration when Doug turned that wheel had me laughing.
This review won't age well
THIS, is a square
I saw one in Fredericksburg, Texas last weekend and I still wasn't impressed... sorry... I'm a country girl and will stick to my "normal" trucks...
I think they’re ugly
You forgot it’s bullet proof!
best quirk is that there’s a new recall before it comes back from the shop from the last recall.
Teslas normally aren’t very high-quality cars, and even still, this thing looks so cheap and poorly made next to the rest of the lineup.
There are only two words that describe this abomination:   Loser Mobile -_-
So Cybertruck or BYD YangWang?
I don't see anyone complaining about a lamborghini windshields
Is it fun to drive? Can I buy and import it to Malaysia and drive over there?
I wonder how much Elon paid Doug for this review.
Doug, the only people who buy this (hoping) to be cool are giant tools who have been conditioned to think that buying a tacky status symbol will give them something that they will never have.  This is a midlife crisis-mobile for Yuppies.
fortnite
"doug can you review our new tesla model? We know you already did but here's $20,000."
so ug…bill q. wouldnt even drive it!
They did a great job. It’s like  driving an x wing
The steering and wheel is the right approach for these electric vehicles
But how can it be a truck?   Reminds me of back in the days of the early 1980s when the DeLorean came out
Steer by wire sounds like motorcycle steering but without the counter steering.
If I was tesla I’d have optional for sale, tool to clean inside the windshield and a reclined love seat with mini fridges for the bed.
Tonka junk for $100.000
The whole car looks a PS1 graphic
3.5 tons.
No!
It's not a very attractive vehicle. I'll take a real truck over  that any day... Every day
Who designed this? A 3 year old? That thing is hideous.
That thing is the worst thing ever
I Just Think It’s Crazy That You Have To Use The Screen To Change Gears 💀💀 Not Sure How I Feel About That 😅
Honestly the sharp angles in the Cybertruck must be illegal. because if a pedestrian was hit with it, it is more likely to kill him.
Insane company, insane person? This is the worst car ever made in the past 15 years in condition to many technical issues. I thought you knew all of that. And Elon is mockery!
I'm picking up my Cybetruck tomorrow!!!!
0:11 you forgot "MOST LAUGHED AT"
Yes, it's so fugly, I bought a FS Cyberbeast and I freaking  ❤️ it. More than my R1T Quad-Motor. It had already survived one of the worse monsoons in recent Tucson, AZ History. We were caught in the mist of it this past Sunday. Hurricane force wind tearing structures apart, turning them into projectiles, torrential downpour so intense that I couldn't see beyond the giant windshield wiper, pounding hail noise so fierce that it nearly blew out my eardrums, raging runoffs everywhere on the streets with many reaching the top of my 35in AT tires and beyond when I crossed them. And yes, my Cyberbeast survived unscathed. Unbelievable and what an incredible beast of a truck. I am sold!
When did he find the time to pull elon's C out of his mouth, so he could talk so much? TRUMP VOTER
I hate the Cybertruck so much.
I would take a TRX or a Raptor over this thing any day! What are you talking about Doug? Plus, i already have a refrigerator.
Any one else have a hard time understanding what he was saying?  I couldn't hear because Elmo Tusk was lodged in his throat.
You forgot to add that FSD is mandatory purchase for Cybertruck foundation series, which is 20k of the total
Cyberduster for inside windshield and glass. Instant millionaire
Bro reviewing a toaster on a car channel..
Honestly, ur presentation iz more exciting than Cybertruck4da price...  if it waz 50k, ok'den!!!😂
imagine if the cybertruck was a russian or some 3rd world car. All the "quirks" and "interesting stuff" would be laughed at by Doug. The look, the performance, the sharp edges. Doug would laugh at all of those things if it wasnt Elon
Cars are required to have a button or latch for the glove box. Elon Musk hates the button or latch. Looks like the drawer install is to get around that design requirement.
Truck reminds me of the trucks we made in middle school school class and added a CO² cartridge
4 tons is not the future, the future is lighter not heavier
i smell cement
his definition of insane is what
Everything looks futuristic except for the mirrors🤦🏻‍♂️musk could have used cameras
"Just Plain Cool" I finally saw one in person this week.  "Cool" was not my reaction.  I actually laughed out loud.  It's ridiculous.  It's like a 13 year old's idea of a cool car.
Are the body joints supposed to be so uneven? The one early in the video attributed it to being a brute.  Also, TRIANGLES!
The steering worries me. Here in Canada, it could quickly lead to over correction on icy roads. Maybe im wrong, but i would like to see how it handles on gravel and ice.
It looks like the “futuristic” cars you would see in sci fi movies in the 80’s and 90s. Movies like Total Recall and RoboCop
This thing is hideous.
Boy this aged well. These things are among the worst vehicles ever made.
I will continue to drive the heartbeat of america,  the muscle of america, screw tesla
Cyber trash 😊
It's not cool. It's ugly and stupid.
What happened to pedestrian safety with those sharp body panels?
Ugliest truck ever.
Back to the Future time machine (DeLorean) of the future. Wondering if anyone can make a Time Machine out of  Tesla Cyber truck. 🤣🤣🤣🤣
r u rich
SHITBOX
Plug my washing machine into my fridge 😆 🤣  dope
Great review!
Seems like a PC on wheels.
This thing looks like the love child of a Tesla Model X and a DeLorean.
So someone with body tourettes would make this impossible to drive and more like a mustang owner. Gotcha
It’s every emo kids dream come true, a giant razor blade on wheels. 🤣🤣🤣…. I’ll be blasting MIW cyberhex in that truck…
It's a non-practical status vehicle.  You know  there's people buying them right now that are just going to park/store them and then pull it out later in the futur and sell it as the failed production that never took....
Ugliest vehicle ever made so far!
Look Up What The Truck That Have Been In An Accident.
Cool??
It's not that cool
Check out Scotty’s review. He is truthful about this thing
Expensive impractical junk
This car is very impractical, on many levels. You can make a futuristic car that is cool but also practical, this is not it.
I’ve seen a disturbing amount of people driving these. They’re telling car manufacturers this look is good to go! Thats the scary part. I aint going to have anything to buy and drive in the future because of just the looks!
I think that Multipla and Cybertruck are the opposite faces of the same medal that talks about different times of our society:  one is a curvy, super weird, ultra functional vehicle for families. A brilliant remake of the original 600 Multipla from the sixties   The other is a gigantic, squared, super weird and totally useless vehicle for alone persons. An idiot remake of the concept designs of late sixties/seventies
Awesome truck, not a truck to do everything but a Truck to do the best it can to be a tank on speed!
6:24 one simple light crash will be easy at least $10K right there.
THIS 😬💦
My Silverado will kick the crap out of it.
Why is Doug reviewing a doorstop.
All the negative comments are from ppl that know they will never own one in fhere life time ,so lets just act like the coolest thing to come out is trash 😂😂😂
Cybertruck......a giant pile of overrated hype on four wheels
This idiot actually thinks this cyber trash is "cool"? The things idiots say when they get paid!!! Does this idiot ever breath, he talks nonstop!!!!!
This guy is so full of himself.  I got tired of his act about half way through the video and couldn’t stomach any more.  His voice is so annoying that I wonder if he is limp wristed.
Hard to reach stuff in the trunk bed.  "No big deal."  11:32  😏
Yeah we've already had one of these out here on our property at one of our potlucks  and it's a really amazing looking vehicle! You can see over it and around it a lot better than a standard large pickup truck making it so much more safe out there on the roadway for all motorists, I really like that about it.
The ugliest thing on wheels, who would ever want to buy one of those.
It’s a monstrosity I have no desire to own one.
Yeah. Just be careful  you don't rip  your arm open on those razor sharp corners on the back of the truck. My friends right lower forearm barely scraped one of those corners. . He has a very deep 4" cut because of it. He loss a lot of blood, hor 16 stitches  and is still in pain over it.  Last Monday his office  filed a lawsuit against tesla. I think he will win. He has a very successful law office in Century City.
Doug cleaning the windshield is easy. Haven't you ever seen a windshield cleaning wand? I really should be doing car reviews I swear. 😂
Ugliest big pieces crap on 4 wheels in the past decades!😅 great ½ a turn. Turns entire steering wheel over. Now you have to re-learn how to steer & drive 🥴🙄
Doug, get rid of the mole, you're killing me!
A Hummer and a DeLorean mated and had a baby! The CyberTruck! 😂😊
It's different.  It's goofy.  I don't like it.
You put your hand on the steel and it looks like a dirty refrigerator
Most ridiculous vehicle I've ever seen lol😂 looks like a cardboard truck some kids made in their garage 😅
Umm, i dont know how to say this. This car does not look cool. It looks retarted. Them looks, they might just be laughing at this stupid thing. Its a DeLorean. All trucks look better than that thing. I'll stick with my 97 Chevy 2500. Great a simple interior with a premium price. Great, just what we need another overpriced truck that can't get the job done. A gator is more useful than this stupid thing.
Funny that some buttons do double-duty, but the tonneau requires two buttons where only one would do. Tonneau closed: press the button, it opens. Tonneau open: press the button, it closes. IF you're going for streamlined efficiency, may as well go all out, right? 🙂 Let's say you're in the desert and your truck dies and your drinking water is in the frunk .... can you open it manually?  It looks like some stealth aircraft. Is that to defeat police radar? 😂
This is an amazing garbage can upgrade fr
How long did it take you to draw that up?
Here we go again, making a piece of mess that makes people feel proud because it cost so much that looks like the designers ran out of a design. I was wondering the designer was gonna stop coming up with good designs for a car or a truck look at that mess you cannot tell me that is beautiful. That’s so ugly.
Doug is wayyyy too nice here. He says this is “unusual” instead of saying this sucks/blows.   He might want to give Elon a blow.
Why you buying a car from an insane person
Greatest flop in automotive history.
This car is 🗑️
See plenty of these in South County Orange County, CA  Alot of people hate this car and I get it. It's interestingto think all the concept cars that I wish they would actually bring to production as kid. So many cool futuristic designs that we never saw come to life. Yet Tesla has manage to do that.  That's why this truck is cool. Kids love it! No kid that sees this truck is gonna call it ugly. Unless the dad has sad it enough around them. But some where in in is heart he is gonna think that's one cool truck.      To me it would be 10x cooler if it was a 3rd row suv lol! 😅😅😅😅😅
The Cybertruck is sooo march '24
after watching this ....watch ...."How Tesla made the WORST TRUCK EVER" by Bart's Car Stories
nop.. people take pictures because they  think in how in the world people like that ugly tool box with wheels
ugly
Doug the type of Doug to Doug Dougs.
Sharp angles like a 12 year old drew it while being bored in math class.
I've seen some here in Utah, but man..its ugly..idk but to me its ugly..But the fact of not turning your steering wheel 2 turns like in regular cars its a great and the fact of buttoned blinkers..That's it for me..Styling sucks..But you forgot to tell us where is the damn gauge cluster..Where to look how much is your speed?
'The Emperor has new clothes' vehicle personified...
God forbid a bad driver buys this
Totally UGLY if ya ask me different, and after seeing the inside, I just don't see what's the hype for that price I'll pass as they say NOTHING TO SEE HERE 😂
Its the ugliest truck ever made in human history. Nothin about it is attractive other than power and quirks
4:08 “it would affect the aerodynamics” the cyber truck has aerodynamics equivalent to a filing cabinet Edit: thanks for correcting me
Anybody that would pay $80-$100k for this freak of a vehicle needs mental help.
That car looks like we are going backwards not futuristic
Honestly it seems pretty cool, but if you’re buying a cyber truck because it’s cool and not because you’re trying to tow/haul something at least once in a while, then just buy a regular Tesla because even if you’re only SOMETIMES trucking with it, the range matters ALOT especially when it takes between 30 mins to a few hours to charge it. If you wanna move a couch and you run out of range mid trip……it kinda matters. If they can work on the range specifically, then it’ll be worth it
Looks like a dumpster 🏖️
Great review of the dumbest product ever made!
Looks like something out of a 90's "future" action movie. Robocops truck 😂
Watching this while in a Cybertruck
This vehicle is uglier than the 70s Gremlin car ... Sorry but it's my opinion, don't be sore about it. 😖
Sorry elon but this so call truck is bad. I meant garage
4 recalls later and thats just plain cool. ?
It's hideous!
Who else just came here due to MSN not allowing comments? His lisp and that truck are a PERFECT fit.   >_>
36:28
I keep forgetting that is actually a truck lol
And no ashtray!
Gotta be the ugliest car i have seen. Elon clearly losing it
This is the worst car tesla builds.  Which by default makes it one of the worst built cars.  I would say its just one notch above Vinfast.
Please note that popping open the drivers door will reduce its range
Please note: plugging in your washing machine into the back of the Cybertruck will reduce its range.   Using the cigarette lighter in the Cybertruck will also reduce its range
Plain cool?  Its ugly af
You know what would be absolutely fitting for the Tesla Cybertruck? Rainbow wrap, big KFC bucket wheels on rubber bands, RGB lights everywhere, squatted. The perfect truck for pride month.
Sorry. Don't like the design.  Hope they will create another one. Saw it the other day while driving, told myself " what is that ? " 🥴
All you gasholes and your inexplicable rage about Teslas. Hilarious. Keep driving your dinosaur vehicles.
This truck is so smart it’s stupid.
Ugliest truck ever made!
MY BROTHER IN LAW JUST BOUGHT THIS AND BROUGHT IT HOME HERE TODAY , WOW .....................  : o
Lol good Tesla promo. How much they giving you. Not authentic you.
It’s hideous why is this called a truck? If anything it’s a really weird suv
Com 82k no brasil tu compra um onix e talvez nem isso
This review kinda sucks and tbh as someone who has watched this channel for 4 years, it's disappointing. There is no way an electric "truck" not only scores higher than all of the gas trucks but the fact that he put the CT ahead of all the other EV trucks. The Cyber Truck doesn't even have all of the features the customers paid for. The truck is falling apart abd yes know thats hindsight now but even then EV technology hasnt caught up to gas powered vehicles yet there are nowhere near enough charging stations the range isnt there and things like wind temperature and how many people you have in the vehicles greatly reduce the range and thats not even getting into towing witch you'd want to do if yoyr buying a truck even a fun truck the range alone should have put every one of these evs below the TRX abd the Raptor R. Then there is the maintenance. It's far more expensive to maintain an electric vehicle if you can even find someone who can. Due to the fact they're rang is barely affected by towing, clearly more capable, can be filled in less then 10 minutes and have gastations all over the country and the fact they are lighter then most EVs the vehicles that ahould be at the top are the Raptor R, Ram TRX and even the G-Wagon.
So many hate comments. It’s quite upsetting
my guess its popularity will last about as long as the DeLorean.
Naw, this guy is creepy weird to behave this way without a Halloween costume or to be in handcuffs.
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
I think Suede is cool. Prince is okay. The Cybertruck is not okay.
Its a car . He said so . I wouldn't want one in Alaska . And I don't think anyone in Alaska was stupid enough to buy one .
IT'S a piece of crap!! Save your money!!
And now they've all been recalled.
Thanks God this monster is not legal in EU.
Omg.  Can’t believe this score.  With all their problems, reliability, clear design fails…  Doug….were you compensated in any way this review??? 😮😮
I will wait a few years and buy a used one for dirt cheap. Resale value is sure to plummet.
this is the most ugliest thing on the planet
Deception at its finest. I had to put subtitles, because i couldn't stand his MK Ultra speech and because he's annoying af. Jews, what else.
What a scam. Why is he yelling all the time? Annoying
That red e34❤❤❤
UGLY!!!!
"Just plain trash " is what you meant to say ...
What's the range and how much weight can it tow and torque?
10:09 -- When Doug brings a lady home
They're not cool! 😂 They're silly looking and an attention-seeking try-hards. Why would anyone actually want one of these! LOL
I’m sure it’s a cool dope car but I just think this thing is ugly!
I always reminds me of the stealth bomber, every time I see it! So silly!
It'ltaa dmz o
I refuse to call something without a bed a truck.n it looks like something from my 7th grade geometry class that failed. The simple manufacturing of this thing's batteries does more to damage the environment than a gas burning engine does in it's entire life span
DeLorean called, they want their truck back.  Destined to be on a most ugliest vehicle ever made.
Why is it so ugly?
Let’s be real though the cybertruck is based on our little kid car drawings 👀
ít´s plain ugly
This truck is a rich mans toy
Guys , I love this TRUCK it’s super futuristic
Dubai police got cybertruck to their fleet already
Most definitely eye catching, a luxury for sure and practically null and void.
My geometry teacher designed 😂😂😂 it look good tho
Hideous! I’d be embarrassed to be seen with one, much less in one! 😮😮😮
Looks terrible.
Yeah i had enough of bumpy cars, lets Minecraft the industry
So ugly
No ....fail
Washing machines don't take nema 14-50 outlets, they use standard ones.  Dryers use the 14-50s. Or other EVs if they're desperate and thought to bring their L2 charger.
I feel like this is the type of car Doug loves -- he likes vehicles that are unique or unusual.
Only an idiot would pay $100,000 + for a truck that can only tow for 90 miles and the build quality is junk. And then Elon wants an additional $6000 for a paint job
People who drive raptors are upset about this truck?
Cool but useless
Those are side view mirrors? How can you even call yourself a car reviewer?
Seen one today , looks ridiculous
33:40 Big truth right here. The world of gender affirming trucks is very entertaining!
You lost a lot of credibility with this awful review. 😬
it's not cool though the only people who think this is cool are at least 45 years old
Don't  park it in the alley, could be mistaken for a dumpster.  Lol
Doug would think that this trash is cool.
Watching this video made realize that the truck has no door handles.
Only available in North America? On behalf of the rest of the world: keep it that way, there's no need to inflict it that hot garbage on any other streets
Thats got to be so weird to drive
I really don't get all the hate for this "truck". Not something I'd buy, but at least TSLA is trying something different than the same ol boring cars today that all look alike.
Idk how that light bar can compare to full on headlights
The monolith lol
Those electronic doors gotta be the dumbest thing I’ve ever seen
Is Doug really old or does he just act like an old fart?
I've been looking forward to having a chance to check out a Tesla Cyber truck😊
Minimalistic is such a dumb idea.  It's like operating Mircosoft windows without shortcuts.  Good luck using the turn signals.  LOL
Still not sure if we’re being trolled by Elon with this thing…
Nobody asked me and nobody cares about my opinion lol - but nah it looks stupid...
It looks ridiculous and they’re all falling apart
This guy de muro garbage he love American cars he always bashing imports two face he own imports
That thing needs a PINK CAMO VINYL WRAP
So much white privilege. The guy can go from driving a Yugo and switch to driving a Ferrari and the cops would probably never pull him over. 😮
This is the ugliest vehicles I've ever seen.
The only reason the Cybertruck got a higher "Doug Score" is because he gave it a perfect 10 on the 'cool factor' scale. Meanwhile, the Rivian R1T Gen 2 needs to be a perfect 10 across the board.
The concept fan art was so much better idk why they built it like this
13:26 it is simple and basic, just the steering wheel and the display device and price is extravagant. Great way to mint money by Elon.
“Elon Musk is a crazy person” you just revealed your politics in one sentence. Unsubscribed
Dumb car for dumb people )))
Coping much?
Its head turning because its soo ugly! It looks like a drawing of a truck when i was 5!
Watching Doug’s enthusiasm reviewing this hideous thing is nauseating. Its scary to think this is where our feature is headed. So ugly.
I hate the look of the cybertruck, I also hate everything else about it.
It looks like a modern stainless steel sink should be used for the next back to the future movie... To me, it looks like the design stole alot of the Honda Ridgeline features.. A tesla model with no automatic tailgate....that costs as much as an Italian supercar....
People don’t seem to understand that it’s ugly on purpose. I personally love how ugly it is. It’s completely different and it’s going to influence other manufacturers to design similar vehicles
🤮
Love ya, Elon, but this thing is a total P.O.S.
It’s Fugly 😂😂😂😂😂
It WILL be cut off!
A giant super ultra beyond over the top U-G-L-Y  ugly Delorian?   Seriously??  People LIKE this??
He needs to ship this to another planet - It looks unfinished and so not cool!
A piece of junk made by a five years old.
Oddly, we saw one of these vehicles on a WalMart parking lot, of all places. They drove away slowly because they knew we were all gawking at the vehicle.  And, I've only seen one on the highway in the Dallas-Ft. Worth area.  At first, I thought it was an armored vehicle.  Is it true that the vehicle is bullet proof, except for windows?
I think about. Crack in windshield while traveling. If anything happens while traveling. You are not buying wipers at pep boys. Etc. probably not even Tesla dealer.
Doug is related to big bird from sesame street
WHYYY DOOO YOOUUU TALLKK THATT WAAYY?  So annoying!  Couldn’t take more than 10 minutes.
Well, the wheels look good.
I totally understand why they all come with tinted windows because I wouldn't want to be seen in it either. 😆😶‍🌫
According to Doug, he is selling hot air... just saying.... (I like the show, but is strange in our days)
1 of the biggest reasons why I hate Tesla is over dependency on that stupid screen. Basic controls like gear shift selection, climate control, glove box opening should have physical buttons.
What a ridiculous stupid and ugly looking truck
Really Doug. Have a day off mate. Thats an absolute piece of sh*te and you know it
So, a physician at the hospital I work at has one. I have yet to run into the owner, but I see it in the parking garage here or there. I get it. I laugh every time I see it, it looks even goofier in real life (IMO), but I somehow get it. It’s just absolutely ridiculous. It can do nothing but demand your attention, good or bad.  PS: we both work nights, and I saw it on the road as we were both pulling up to the hospital. It looks like a damn UFO coming down the road. It’s honestly a little jarring.
There's no way this thing got the same score in design as the hummer ev or ford lightning
If police departments were smart they would get these. This has to be the least expensive bulletproof vehicle available.
Cybertruck is so brutal 😘
I cant pay 10dollars for this, ugly as ever
Ummm... Why don't you search on YT for all the negative videos on this 2024 Edsel/Mobile Matag Washing machine... This will be the Death Nail for Tesla's Coffin... You might want to delete this video before your crediblilty goes down the toilet.
There are plenty of people who are using it daily as a work truck. I hate how people generalize, like him, because he doesn't do anything truck this is never going to be used as a truck. For a farm truck it's great. If you have panels you can run this thing around the farm all day for free.
He fucked up the max height, it has two higher settings Very High and Extract. Nobody who doesn't own one and trys to review them always messes up. It takes a long time to learn how everything works. Diff lock has been released
"Just plain cool"?? Really man, I think you are kind of gushing here. It's the opposite of cool and rapidly proving to be underwhelming in every respect.
I disagree with the argument we shouldn't evaluate trucks as trucks. people who buy a truck and dont do truck things with them should be mocked ruthlessly. I have a truck that I use for towing, hauling and when I need 4WD in the snow. if you have a pavement princess you should be made fun of.
Gee Doug. Why the comment about Elon? What makes him insane?
Nice video bud very good job! 😊
The design is awesome but the execution is horrendous.
So based on most of these comments, the hate and desire to see this vehicle fail is a little disturbing.  🤔
wow, money can really turn anyone into a bootlicker...
Overpriced pieces of junk.
Its shaped like a weird gaming mouse.
"What a Piece of Junk!" -Luke Skywalker
The cool factor aside then…. An average truck?
... bro driving around in a quadrilateral.
When i saw 3000kg, all i could hear in my head was Quint "3 tonnes on her" followed by some epic music.
Useless "truck" driven by people who do not need a truck.
This truck looks like something that you would see iron man driving 😊 so sharp
This truck is the exact definition of modern architecture and design I really love the looks of this truck
It’s just plain hideous and idiotic
Company run by an insane person…mmm let’s not throw stones 🤣
I’m suing someone for stealing my 3rd grade drawings of trucks !!!! I have received no royalties for my design!!😂
I guess the definition of “cool” is not what I thought it was.
I’m the raptor guy who waisted the raptors talents on the street and staying clean. I’m getting a Cybertruck grocery getter.
Aerodynamic? I guess, but who cares in this type of "vehicle" . Insanely ugly, probably designed by HVAC technician. Doesn't belong in the Tesla line-up.
How do you get inside if the exterior door buttons don't work?
Its not a truck.  Its an oversized, overpriced, bastardized ugly door stop/urinal.
It’s not cool it’s an overpriced ugly pos
If Frigidaire made a car.
why are you acting like a clown
22:07 ain't no way they actually put that💀.
Darn, with all this, I was expecting automatic gull-wing or tilt-up doors! Is that a future option??
This bit look like a folded piece of paper
Just my opinion, disappointing review, love Doug's videos, but man, you can see the build quality in the video and he gave it a 6?! It's more like a 3, unacceptable quality at that price point. I get the cool factor and whatnot, but it is not practical at all either, this is a fashion statement, that's it. When a truck can't truck 😅
It an extra large DeLorean. I sense a Back To The Future remake with this as the time travel car
Nice review, but your voice, nerdy look, and constant hand gesturing annoy me.
i hate everything about this
hmmm i don't know. After seeing all the reviews of this car months later. MANY are having issues. This is style over substance.
Id be forever learning
The man bought Twitter and saved FREE SPEECH ❗️ What have you done lately  ❓️🤔
Dude will review the most expensive cars ever, but still dress up like Mark Zuckerberg. 🤣🤣🤣
The people who Designed this truck. They should send them to Mars. To get a Brain.
poorly constructed body ... seams no match, who pays for that, smfh
Ugliest vehicle ever made.
You can keep it.
Car looks like graphics from PlayStation 1
The cyber truck is a stainless steel pub urinal on wheels It’s was probably designed by a 5 year old with a ruler. It cannot be sold in Europe because it’s so dangerous for pedestrians.  Has anyone else noticed how the panels don’t fit $100,000 for this? Seriously, the mind boggles
It's not cool it's dumb
I saw one yesterday all smudged up with fingerprints just like my refrigerator
idk why doug is making CGI / AI videos now because i've been assured on X that this vehicle can not be bought or driven or owned, that it's vaporware
I seen one yesterday it was nice seeing it and it was Red
Living proof that everybody or anybody cand do this type of shot content. Even this guy that lost his luggage at the airport and had to dress like that
Doug, a washing machine runs on a standard 110 outlet.  A Dryer runs on a 240.  FYI
lol I can’t unhear it now but you sound like Sheldon from the Big Bang Theory
I recognized you driving on Park Blvd at Balboa Park. I saw a Cybertruck at Village Walk in Chula Vista. The temporary plates were from New York and the driver was wearing a cowboy hat.
1 word.... FUGLEY
This is how motoring journalism dies.
Looks like a garbage can on wheels
This car is, and looks, absolutely ridiculous. What an eye sore. Hard pass for me.
Doug,  I think it's time to talk about of CEO of the Company your channel covers.  I strongly feel that he's undermining the institutions of our country pushing false conspiracy theories.  He is on the phone reportedly with the former President several times a month now and this person was recently convicted of 34 felonies by a jury of his peers, and his corporation was recently convicted of 17 felonies as well.  Elon is claiming without evidence that the trial was politically motivated and not fair.  Not only that, but Elon is selling cars allegedly to help reduce carbon dioxide emissions, but has joined forces with a political party that has worked to prevent any Climate legislation for 40 years.  I've been following the Tesla development and brand for many years, but I feel the time has come now that we can't separate this CEO and this company from what it's CEO is working to do, which I feel is trying to destroy this great nation we live in.   Please consider this.  Thank you.
They are dumb.
Dough licking elon's balls with this review, lol
Only Robo Cop would look cool in this.
2:38 you can see that they filed that section (next to the wiper) of the car with something similar to sandpaper....
This is a disaster. Thank you for doing this video.
Just hope you don't hit a pedestrian in that thing
So, Doug can be bought.
People keep saying this car is ugly like it matters. old Land Rover Defenders are ugly, the Lamborghini Countach is ugly, the H1 Hummer is ugly, the Unimog is ugly, the G-wagon is ugly. But they're all cars I'd love to have.
All cool but if that screen cracks...You are screwed lol
It sucks
Welcome to the exciting world of driving an electric bus, kids.  From Mad max thunderdome. At least it will be self-driving.
I think I’d pass on a cybertruck and buy a GMC Hummer if I was going to spend over $100,000
You can tell when he zooms in on the angles and panel gaps this thing has absolute garbage build quality
More like Cyber Trash
Saw one these a couole if weeks ago,pictures don't do it justice you have to see it for real it is huge. I call it a mutated DeLorean. I like the design of the truck but it's way out of my budget. As a side stainless steel is rust resistant not rust proof if I owned one first thing I would do is get it ceramic coated or some other type of surface protection.
No.  Not cool.  Just plain ugly and lame.  I saw a double-deck semi carrying a load of them down the highway and I thought they must be packing containers with (really nice?) cars inside.  I could not believe it when I passed another moving down the highway all by itself!  Will someone please just make a 2006 Dodge cummins diesel again?
This is the worst modern vehicle in existence lol
Just plain no, the class suits will be epic.
Ah yes,, an unorthodox looking DeLorean 45 years later for a new generation that knows nothing about cars.   Tesla maintains its absolutely hideous design language for people that hate beautiful cars but love their smartphones. 🥵We got to stop confusing unorthodox and confusing design language as brilliant and cutting edge, because it’s not.
This video aged like milk!
the world is in a real danger.........    OMG..........   what a usless sh1t
Did he do the window breaking test yet? :D
I like the way you rust, boy.
This truck should be in the Guinness World Book, for *The Ugliest* truck in the world.
So Elon Musk being a savior of the environment and the world builds a 7000lb 200 mile range, $2000 windshield monstrosity that doesn't seem to do anything well other than use up valuable earth resources which could have been used for more important things like lawn ornaments and fishing boats, but hey, .... at least you look cool..... WOW
High weekend score? Things only been out for a few months and it's already got the title of "most stuck truck" at the park.
When did you start reviewing autopsy tables, Doug?
“just plain cool” and he unlists his older video on the more doug channel absolutely shitting on it lmao
Bruhh. Technology is turning humans into vegetables. Screens everywhere.  Humans cant live without screens. Lol  Backup cams, this crappy steer by wire with no hand over hand, self driving.   Basic skills like these might be gone.   Steer by wire for cars is scary. Theres already some vehicles using it. GMC Silverado and Hummer EV.   Imagine 10k lbs ramming into you going 120km.   Theres people who religiously stare at the backup cam screen not even looking around. Well the girl rammed into an suv at a gas station. And one girl reversed up onto a parking lot island. One guy at a racetrack never bothered to move his goofy head to look around at pedestrians to see if its clear to reverse.   Bruhh the future is bleek as fukk. New gen of drivers cant drive and are glad to be layin 600 to 700 a month for insurance.    But ya this truck flopped. Its a ghost car.
The ugliest car design in the world since the 1958 Subaru 360.
handling and styling are 5s?
If it hits u ya dead
.
lol a kid that was never used to giving up lol and never had any consequences  to any of actions lol
Honestly, I used to think Tesla are not cool, this one though is sick
24:19 Yeah, it's smart to take your $100k toy off-roading
21:14 The shifting mechanism is mentally challenged
Only issue is the look to me, it just looks like it’s trying too hard. Looks like an unrendered  video game car.
Is just me or i can see the rust on doors?
9:40 Maybe learn how to say "tonneau" properly
"This is just plain cool" No. No, it isn't.
Anyone who buys this piece of junk thinking they'll be cool has no idea that most people will point and laugh at them and  think they are total knobs, wankers and fools. People take pictures of it for the same reason they slow down to gawk at and take picyures of a car-wreck. It's not because they think it's cool. 😂
So the price for the base model is twice what Elon said it would be, and the range is also almost half. Bait and switch, overpromise and underdeliver as always with Elon.
When this unrendered monstrosity was revealed in 2019, I thought it was a practical joke... it looked like it was a high-school welding class project welded together from Home Depot sheetmetal stock. I thought Elon would have a good laugh and then reveal the real thing. Turns out, it IS a joke, just not the way everyone imagined it would be. It's seriously gag-inducing, and whenever I see one on the road, I think 'look at that poor idiot'. The day two of them pull up at a light next to each other, each of the drivers will suddenly  realize how not special they really are. And that will happen soon if it hasn't already.
Doug should have started with : THIS is the the most hideous truck on the planet. And we’re going to drive it!
Doug should have started with : THIS is the the most hideous truck on the planet. And we’re going to drive it!
Nice of Doug to review the latest line of stainless steel caskets at the local mortuary.
The front bumper has a curvature when looking from above. So going from driver side to passenger side, it's curved.
Saw one of these parked at boat ramp....fugly...looks like 8 sheets of metal was taken to a high school shop and bent on a box and pan brake....no paint....that the best Elon can do...sheesh...
The audio was torture. You punished everybody.
Valla mierda de coche como estetica un cero y por lo que vale mas le valdrian tener mas detalles y menos marca no me estraña que el dueño gane tanto, en europa se va a comer una mierda
You will see your mistakes once you Buy & Use a Tesla and then you will realize like I did and am having : *Specifically when you pay 12K (previous price) to FSD. However, Tesla calls its "driving assistant" feature Autopilot or FSD but says it does not build self-driving vehicles and requires active supervision by the driver. (FSD software still has a lot of stupidity.)  *And the car won't have internet if you don't pay more $9.99/month then all features will be disabled indefinitely:((Live Traffic Visualization, Satellite View Map, Live Camera  Sentry mode & Internet browser & ...!! ))  And it's also a lot of trouble every time you wait in line to charge your batter!
This truck is a waste of every dollar you might pay for it. If they charged $2.00 for this truck I would say it was overpriced.
Door Handle❌ Door Button ✅
"regulatory challenges for foreign markets" -- yes, it seems everybody except the US tries to protect pedestrians in accidents...
No FSD or difflock "a little disappointing" -- I'd call it "fraud" - the owner of the car paid for it. It's like finding out that your V12 comes with a 4 cylinder engine and, when approaching the manufacturers, they promise to fix it real soon... Plus, no comments on the poor finish of the door sill? Or the un-chamfered panel edges? That does not inspire confidence in Elon's engineering capabilities nor QC on this vehicle. This thing has worse finish than a Kia Cerrato, which sits at a completely different price point.
Happy to work
If the Volkwagen Thing and a DeLorean had a child...
My wife and I were traveling from Columbia, SC to Charlotte on I-77 this morning, and we're passed by a Tesla Cybertruck. Weird looking but interesting lol.
The frunk🤣
Who has time to look through all this technical stuff….by the time your done, you’ve already been through breakfast, lunch and dinner…smh. The car might as well drive you around.
This is dangerous…your going to have to be a genius to drive this truck🤔
This looks like a Lego truck…I don’t like it. It looks like it’s in the wrong generation…should probably be in 2060🤔
It looks like a Martian truck🤔
Just type in tesla cybertruck honest review. You'll won't get this is just plain cool advertisement! If you don't have the time I'll just save you the effort and say that the consensus is that it SUCKS! And this is coming from an Elon supporter, who is the only defender of free speech on social media!
Can’t wait for cs188 to make a YTP of this.
Finally saw one up close. Was not impressed 😕
am i the only person who  consider the  cybertruck overrated ?
Outstanding review. Thanks
Hate to break it to anyone that thinks buying this is gonna make them different or cool... with those price tags there's gonna be one around every corner once deliveries start kicking in 😂😂😂 Definitely gonna decrease it's "cool factor"
Everything about the cyberpunk is dumb and dangerous
Maytag Fridge by DeLorean.
LG Roadfridge.
Nah the cybertruck is stupid looking
Why didn’t they have the bed able to open in side.  Why have you get out
Spotted listening to Surfer Blood! IYKYK
I finally saw one yesterday. I have seen a few Rivian's and an Ocean.
This man is too excited bra😂
I gotta get this, this is better that a LAMBORGHINI
For the price I’ll take the Raptor or TRX any day!!!
I hate it.
Of all things i wouldn't buy, this car is one of the things I wouldn't buy the most.
what a stupid car for selfish people. pedestrian protection? well suck it.
Influencers All putting dollar's on theirs jeans to praising the corporate brainwashing advertised thecno Bolsheviks agendas like Tesla Inc.
The vehicles looked just like this on the PlayStation 1 lol
Ugliest thing since Volkswagen s the thing
Electric cars come from fossil fuels. They are being forced in by design so we can be tracked and will have to log in to charge and drive it.. Our login can be shut off if we are undesirable.. Along with our cashless money..
This car is like that weird girl in school you had a crush on. You know she's weird. But that's what you liked!
Can you please please stop filming in this garage, or sound treat it a little? It’s so hard to listen to 👎
It's SO ugly
TRX or Shelby F150 >
That is one expensive toaster. 😂
Its amazing how spending money on dumb stuff can make you look so brainless
It's the worst looking vehicle ever released in history, and unfortunately, a lot of auto manufacturers like to copy Tesla design...
doug the type of guy to call getting in and out of a car ingress egress
It's like a DeLorean that hasn't loaded in yet.
A dumpster fire you can drive.
Decided to check in on Doug, and at first I thought the camera going into and out of focus was an intentional meta opening to what would be a very self aware take.   Seeing it rank higher than the Hummer EV immediately just made me realize that Doug has leaned into his "childlike wonder and naivety is a brand" take.    I Love Doug and will continue to read what he writes, it will just hit different.
Well, you are just incorrect.  I want an EV truck, and I need it to do truck stuff.  I need it to tow a box trailer, a boat, and a vehicle trailer (usually with a jeep or a car on it).  I need it to haul firewood.  I need it to haul stuff to the dump.  I need it to make a drive up to Canada on a 500 (almost exactly 500) mile trip with a stretch of around 200 miles at a mid-way point, while towing a trailer, where I can't stop at an EV station because none are in that section of the drive through very sparse areas.... or add 1.5 hours to my drive.  I will buy the EV truck that can do all of these things as well as a gasoline or diesel truck, for a similar price to the gasoline or diesel truck.   So, to reiterate, your take is just insane and you are incorrect.
Havent watched one of your vids in the longest, but i was glad when i found out you reviewed this😁
Doug the type of guy to never clean a windshield before.
This is the only CyberTruck review you need.
Lego my cybertruck
This video aged like milk left outside in Florida during august.
Most ugly thing ever
i had a feeling you'd get your hands on one of these.  nice review.  i won't be seeing any on the road here in canada until next year it seems.  i wonder how owners feel about the recall of every single cybertruck due to accelerator problems.
I'm sure as years go by ev off road will improve this is just a first time thing
Bro seems a little too enthusiastic( nothing wrong with that I guess)
When is the cybertruck coming to the UK 🇬🇧
How much testing did the idiots at Tesla do that they didn`t figure hubcaps are eating into the tires. Panel gaps and alignment is hidious, interior looks cheap and the quality is horrible, On the gas pedal recall they just put a 2 cent rivot as  the fix . No self driving no hubcaps  no light bar just a crap company, Elon the snake oil salesman.
I would love to see you review The Judge GTO
cant say i have seen a worst looking or more overpriced car/truck/dumpster fire in my life.
I wonder if it make fart sounds like other Tesla's?  It's no wonder why Ford stopped production of the F 150 lightning. it can't in anyway compare to the Cyber truck. in fact every other EV completely blows it away. more proof that Ford can't build any kind of vehicle let alone EVs. anyone that owns a Ford is a MORON.   FORD'S ARE TOTAL GARBAGE!!!!!!
It's definitely ugly AF. and it's definitely from a company that the owner is insane AF.
It is the antithesis of cool. In fact it’s sad.
All these years, and this guy still says "electronically" when he means "electrically."
What a massive piece of shite. Who would pay money to look like a complete jackass
This truck is a nightmare waiting to happen in repairs, what happens if that screen breaks or fails now you can't shift gears 😂
Looks like a prison shitter to me.
You blurred out the mini map but at 21:54, when you hit a button it showed your location on the right of the screen for a few frames
All the innovations they could have put into this truck amd yet it's............ TERRIBLE! 😂😂😂😂
Bruce Wayne Voice - Does it come in black?
Doug is in love
Need 1!
I  ever hit the lottery I'm getting one and getting it bullet proof I had a h2  hummer 7 yrs back in the day I got a lot of attention
I recently saw one in the wild in Maryland. It was more narrow than I thought it would be. With that said it was definitely cool to see in person.
I can assure you, anyone who owns a Raptor or T-Rex is not jealous of an electric truck.  That was an odd statement coming from a leading automotive-world expert.
It looks like Tom DeLorean’s eight year old son designed it.  I predict a flop.
An “8” in the practical category?? Come on man 😂
People are buying this as a vapid vanity item.  While they might feel cool in reality they are clowns, a subject of ridicule on the roads.  People point and laugh at these things.
insanely awesome ❤😂
It's the ugliest truck I have ever seen not look at all. Peace out.
Oh! You forgot to mention reviewed by an insane person 😉😁
i thought it was cool until i heard all the flaws and horrible things about it. So how mych did they pay you to talk positive about it?
Thats the point, it's meant to be cool... But it is not
Is it me, or does it looks like it has the inside space of a Prius? Fr a truck, it does not have much room, inside or in the trunks. I love how casually he addresses the fact that the truck has no safety features when closing, considering it is a HUGE hazard for children who can have their fingers/arm caught in it's way, and does not seem to be child proof. That ALONE is a deal breaker for me and a button away from a lawsuit...
To each his own, but that has got to be the ugliest vehicle I've ever seen.
I don't like this toy, I didn't ask for this grandma for my birthday....
My friend says it looks like an imagination
This thing was built purely to be a "barn find" in 2085.  Search your feelings.  You know it to be true.
It looks insanely stupid.
Cybertruck: just say NO.
i cant believe it doesn't have rear indicator lights, it just borrows the brake's. is that really legal in America? (I looked it up and it is, so this means if an American wished to drive the cybertruck in England they would have to somehow buy and fit separate amber coloured indicator lights to it. bet that would look good)
lol that misalignment at 2.24, the bonnet lid has sunk, like a clapped old ford capri.
Sorry this is the ugliest car ever built, it looks like it was created in a junk yard by some kids
Cybertruck Off Road with the new OTA update !!!! https://youtu.be/IzU0raxRgsA?si=Ix7k_q4vQr6H40iK
New software update for Tesla Cybertruck locking differentials https://youtube.com/shorts/urC7ODeJ55M?si=37XAjK-JSKTrSHl6
what a great review,  The Tesla Cybertruck is just a vehicle for posers and its environmentally friendly.  Most Pickup trucks around the world are just for city dwellers who want to look cool Doug Demuro hit the nail right on the head.
For an ACTUAL good review on this watch Bart's Car Stories or Matt Farah. DO NOT watch Hagerty (Jesus - he basically deep throats Elon on film and sold his credibility for early access).
I still can't get to liking this truck
I am guessing they decided against having the built in compressor.
The thing is about as aero dynamic as an Egyptian pyramid, but that vertical wiper makes all the difference y'all... 🤣
ÕMĞ é PôWéŘ-PhÛľĽ Alooooooomin-Numb Veee-Hikull  😟😰😩😩😩😩😧😦😦😦😳😵😶😳
So basically,  anyone can walk up to your trunk, press that button and PRESTO! FREE STUFF! 🤔
https://youtu.be/sCDPfdHtfr4?si=hXTVzDvDaRrvyOWU  This guy has a personality twin selling Kubota.
Elon paid good money for this. Do you know anything about cars Doug?
why are people so butthurt that he likes it?
Reminds me of a toy that was popular when I was a kid, 'Big Trak!'  Seriously even at $25,000 it would be a no sale for me, the thing is just freaking UGLY!
100k for a car tha was lower quality bild than my old fiat wow
Damn that thing is even more ugly than in pictures
He's no car enthusiast.
Bra wdh be so funny?😑
Of note: those that wear reading glasses or that are far sighted will not be able to use any Tesla model.  Can't really wear readers while driving.
Quite possibly the ugliest thing I have ever seen.
"Incel Camino" is the best name I've heard yet for the Tesla Cyberyuck.
I hate that new cool things cant exist in the car world without the gas heads complaining that its electric. It's such a weird thing to complain about. You don't have to buy one, just let it exist lol
This is the plain example, how not to do a car.
It's ugly, it's not practicle, it's expensive, it may be unsafe, but... it is cool! Yeah! People are crazy!
I'm relieved that the EU has safety standards
See I'm fine with the wheels without the covers.
how do you parallel park this thing in the city?
What type of dog do you have ?  Me? A, I have a circular, curved, dog.
Kinda funny that a 1959 caddilac deville looks more futuristic than any car made in the past 2 decades especially this year
I dont understand the design choice to make it angular on the roof?
That visibility is next level bad. Thanks for demonstrating it. Having so many basic functions moved to the touchscreen also means more time when people take their eyes off the road which compounds the problem.
If sneeze while steering that thing youll throw it off the road
.... rewieewied by an insane youtuber
Jesus loves you all ❤
the two ton usb-c charger with a windshield wiper and tires
Anyone planning on buying one of these things should watch a video showing how bad the range is when towing a trailer.  One video compared the Cybertruck to a 6 cylinder diesel Ford towing an RV trailer that was within their towing weight limitations.  The Cybertruck barely got 85 miles before it needed to be recharged.  Horrific.
This is the ugliest piece of crap I've ever seen.
this whole tail lights breaking signal thing situation cannot be safe, imagine youre driving behind a cybertruck and all of the sudden the tail lights just change design and now your airbags deployed cause you crashed into an angular brick at 90 kilometers per hour
Trash
No. This is just plain UGLY.
If only there was a V8, less electronic, more simple version of it, but still as stylish, this would be my most favourite car ever.
Narrator: But it is not cool.
It looks like the kind of Science Fiction futuristic car from a bad 80s movie
Doug is full of Shet
This just plain absurd. no way to import Europe. North America have fun slicing pedestrians with this.
Imagine getting hit by this car, the edges will cut you in half
You and I broke the law and Jesus paid the price. God so loved the world that He gave His Son (Jesus Christ) that whoever believes in Him will not die but have everlasting life. John 3:16 Receive Christ and believe today the consequences are eternal!
Best review, why everybody is talking about Dough? Leave the guy alone and get a life, he is doing good, like his reviews
Great preview 💯🥂 awesome job
No one ever mentions the heat beating down thru all the windows. In the model X and S we own, it’s miserable here in Texas. Gotta turn the AC on in advance and crack the windows thru the app.
Sounds like the check from Elon was really nice
Im with you doug ,              ITS COOL
i feel like just like the hazard light button a seperate button should also be mandatory to access and turn off al safety tech
Lol saw like three of these including one in the non silver color it was black and didint get rveb half as excited as doug does i get like 10x more excited seeing a 06 GT500 or a 07 viper GTS or a 09 ISF those are something truly to freak out over not a damm wedge truck although i do like it somewhat
Tossers car.
Paisa kya kya nahin karwati !
Neutral?
Call me old fashioned,  but theres something very satisfying about pushing a button or turning a knob, especially if there well made like in a Mercedese  or Lexus.  Theres also something very satifying about owning a truck that looks handsome or a car with beautiful lines. Niether of these fits the Cyberyuck.
Not exactly very safe for pedestrians with all those sharp edges and blind spots?
A windshield replacement is going to be hell!
is horrible please!! a joke
This vehicle has one of the most unsightly and undesirable designs I have seen on planet earth in the 41 years of my existence.
That thing looks like an undercover transformer
Just one Big POS certain things not covered JUST ONE BIG POS RICH PEOPLE GO AHEAD GET ONE GREEDY SELFISH PEOPLE
As a kid who grew up on halo, I love the way this truck looks lol.
What a waste of money 💰
Brilliant design, except minimalism does NOT mean having no physical buttons or knobs. When you take out well crafted controls for a car's basic functions and replace them with a touch screen menu, it is not minimalist but childish and dangerous.
My favorite color   Tesla cyber truck
I just put my order in! Hopeful for a July delivery date!
Rubbish
I hope Doug starts making enough money soon to not have to wear used 10 year boy’s clothes.
Uggh. Another podcast. Someone please end me.
The first and i hope the last video where he doesn't mention the price of the vehicle he's reviewing at the beginning. That's kind of important, Doug, but i'll keep watching because i love your reviews and i know that was a slip.
Seriously you get paid by Tesla? What about all the numerous negatives? Be a bit balanced
I figure Doug DeMuro would have foresaw some of the cyber truck issues.... Checks notes.. rated the best EV truck lol Doug
"oh look, a mobile urinal"
Idk what it reminds me more of Minecraft or a giant refrigerator. ☠️
You can buy it in cars and bits... Wait
I’m not crazy about the styling either but I give Tesla props for thinking outside the box and all the cool technology they put into it.
Well, my Honda Ridgeline has a trunk in the bed of the truck too so 😝….and that’s about where the similarities end lol
Saw one in real life - they're even uglier
Here is the proof. Tesla cannot design cars😂
Its flipping ugly.
Does the rear seats fold down and gives access to the bed? this way i can sleep in the bed while its climate controlled???
That toaster looks futuristic,,,nice
Didn’t thousands of people put $3K down on Cybertrucks a few years ago, to buy at a particular price? Aren’t there a few thousand buyers out there getting their trucks for the then agreed-to price, much less than $80K?
There is fricken ugly and cool ugly. Cyber truck is definitely Cool Ugly 👍❤️
Doors that cut body parts off if you accidentally leave them in the way should be a deal-breaker!
I saw a Cybertruck where Tesla was displaying their vehicles in a mall in Boston. It is HUGE! And awkward. It is big even compared with big American pickups. A week or 2 later I saw the first one I ever saw on the street. It looks equally out-of-place there! I think that once the novelty wears off… fill in the blanks. I think they might be “a drug on the market.” They will be (relatively) cheap.
Cool?  lol  Most people think otherwise, for a number of reasons.
It’s really not a great truck no EV is good
Insane person indeed, the man's advocating free speech post 2020 😱
THE DOOR OPENING NOT GOOD !
Take it off road then review it
Forget about everything. It’s just an expensive cool toy for the rich.  What a great excuse for how ugly this truck is
*Doug forgot to mention the power outlets on the tray can power your house up to 11kw/hr with bi-directional power, so if your power goes out in the house the cyber truck can take over and run the house a week depending on power draw, or sell back to the grid when high peak energy demand is needed if you choose.*  So it's acting like a POWER WALL house battery.
Geez, sorry to have a negative take but up close this thing looks like it was designed with unintentional manslaughter as a feature. The sharp edges of the sides of the body have large gaps between them and the rest of the body work at both the front and the back. When Doug opens the tailgate, see how sharp the edges are at the sides? What if a guy on a moped bumped into them at speed? Skewered. The blindspots created by the massive A pillars in front would be disastrous when trying to turn left at an intersection while pedestrians are also crossing the street. If it were another big vehicle like a moving van, the pedestrian would be lifted up and pushed away by the bumper and smooth panelling. Would you want to be bumped in the ribs by the sharp edge of that front quarter panel at even walking pace? Again, skewered.
Doug is the type of guy to pull his shorts all the way up to his belly button!
This is one fugly vehicle
If a regular guy made this, people would have criticised much brutaly
When cars r stainless steel delorean  Tesla ...it's means no stains..
SIMPLY CRAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
That has to be one of the ugliest vehicles I have ever seen. It's worse than the Pontiac Aztec.
Future or  ot this is an 21:18   ugly truck
Nobody should forget about the  Aston Martin Bulldog.
If they had cars in Minecraft
The working men and women in this country will decide the fate of this truck.
Silly doug. Didn't you already review the aztec years ago?
The novelty will end quickly, and it won't be pleasant.
ah yes….i love driving porygons…
….an it’s bulletproof
acceleration... 10. styling... 10. practical... 9. true score: 81
Spare tire?
Reports are owners cannot wash the Cybertruck in the SUN — the vehicle will not start.
Excellent video 📹  Amazing futuristic vehicle 👏
The Cyber Truck is just plain stupid! and no offence, but so are those who have bought one !
I think it’s a really poor take that he thinks a cyber truck is better than other trucks lmao. Can’t even off road.
An answer to a question no one asked.
how much did Elon pay u for this, Doug :(
I'm just glad I was able to get this as a 1 to 18 scale model - made by Tesla
Ugly as heck and already has a recall for stuck accelerator.  Useless piece of crap.
This has to be the worst design I as an artist I have ever seen , are we going backwards in designs ?
How much is the insurance?
Great job with video Doug. After watching this video I’m kinda liking this vehicle. It looks like it belongs in the movie blade runner, but I think people will warm up to it over time  especially if they continue make upgrades
It literally looks like my grandpa’s bento box
doug has gotten even more weird than he was like 5 years ago lol
This truck reminds me of a concept 2025 Pontiac Aztek truck it’s horrible hands down
Thanks a lot to someone who marked highlights at SponsorBlock. Always wanted to skip those in Dough's reviews
Pedestrians worst nightmare.  That thing would slice you in half
I consider this thing to be a huge failure. One gets eye cancer by just looking at it.
Designed by Homer Simpson.
No pull out ramp in the tailgate?
It’s different but my guess is it’s a Money pit, and headaches you can’t take aspirin for. Wouldn’t touch that thing with a ten foot pole. Didn’t Deloreon already try the stainless steel ?
Very awkward way to open the doors. Ok, there is obviously a touch button, but the rest of it (the part from which you grab the door) looks like some unfinished idea or something.
Looks like a jail toilet
Can't wait to see the extended limousine version of the cybertruck.
I think the cyber truck is ridiculously ugly.
What's the point of having an electronic door switch if there is also a nicely designed manual latch there? 🙄
Cool factor 10?  Really? Out of what, 1,000???  Lol, looks like a trash can. #Dorkmobile
I was unsure about this truck, but it grew on me with time. But I think it still needs more design refinement.
I saw one of these today and didn't have a clue what it was. It was total black.
Just plain ostentatious! One-hundred thousand dollars spent to impress others of your intelligence (or lack of). Instead of trying to impress or repel others...  I think that I will dye my hair pink, purple and green, it is cheaper.
I love dogs but I always take dogs but sometimes they shed like crazy
It looks like trash. Drive it to the dump.
Dumb looking
I wonder how would a curved dog look like douge?
Ok now I don’t trust any reviews you have ever done ! I can’t believe you gave that thing a score that high it’s terrible ! weak components ,poor quality and about as basic as a 1980s sedan on the inside  😂
Its the ugliest car ever made. Looks like a five year old designed this monstrosity
Why do they call this overated and overpriced pos a truck? I never see it pulling a trailer or the back end of it filled with trash to be taken to the dump.. What a f;ing ugly stupid machine.
I just saw one on Yonkers Ave in Yonkers, NY. It's just as ugly in person, but I still took a pic.  I'll wait for the Spacely Sprocket version to come out.
I really just don't like this truck.
It'... different looking.
I'd I had the money I would  - by an old truck that is useful  & By a few cars that make me feel cool .
Tesla Cybertruck: oh hell no!
Back to the future part 5....... it looks more like the back to the future car.😮
Glad you solved the kneeling problem
TESLA TRUCK IS A JOKE/ ALSO THOSE THAT PURCHASE THE TESLA PRUCK WILL SOMEDAY ADMIT THEY GOT SHAFTED.👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
The vehicle is no more a "truck" than it is a submarine and is a current example of pure affluence.
Good grief, @Doug DeMuro you waffle & repeat yourself so much in your videos I often can’t get through them, how do you expect me to listen to you in a pod cast? This 25 - 30 minute video’s 40 minutes ffs.
I clicked on this to find out about the Cybertruck.  I could only get through about 4 minutes of this guy's voice, however!  He should come back after his voice goes through puberty!
Just plain dumb.
Hold on, didnt they say that Standard edition will start form 40k? Not 60 or 80k?
ANNOYING!
Sounds like the guy blippi
Junk.
It's the ugliest vehicle ever designed. It literally looks like a leftover 1980's sci-fi movie prop. Maybe that was the point, but still... ehhk... 😵‍💫
top dollar for that piece of crap would be about 50 bucks, just 3 or 4 refrigerators would bring that
the family truckster on the vacation movie looked better
There is 2 more cool features in frunk you didnt talk about 😢
A car in 2024 that has the graphics of a PlayStation 1 game from 1997, got it...
So it’s expensive, ugly, impractical, unreliable, a rattle-trap and not really a truck. What more could one want?
Simply hideous
This truck does not convince me. It's desing looks like a prototype of the future back in the 80s. I rather keep my 2021 Titan V8.
Its a feature the is always breaks down. Ha
Now I remember why I quit watching this channel.  I would never trust someone that seriously believes the cybertoilet is “just plain cool”.  Possibly one of the most hideous “trucks” that has actually been produced.  A rich man’s toy, at most, a complete waste of money at the least.🤡.  I guess all the 6 and 7 year old boys would be impressed…….🤓
Not a truck, not cyber.
There should be more dislikes in this video.
overpriced ugly and more or less useless as a pickup truck and not able to be fixed by a regular mechanic (due to efforts by the manufacturer to prevent any repairs by third parties). not sure why this thing is being manufactured or bought.
Doug has elements of Jay Leno, only more exaggerated in a lot of instances. He gets on my nerves sometimes, but in the end is very likeable and does a really good job.
Aged like milk.
Should be redesigned for the  moon and a future Mars mission.
steering wheel is not unique in appearance ... Chrysler products had it in the 60's
Definitely the coolest truck I ever owned & I have had 17 pick ups.
Hopefully this insane propaganda destroys this idiotic channel.
That autofocus flickering is giving me aneurisma.
Don’t know why it’s the most talked about Truck, it’s ugly as all hell..
No range. No infrastructure. Continuous price increases. Battery toxicity. Terrible resale value. Insurance and service nightmares. No cold weather.  The truck is rust machine. "DO not wash Cybertruck in full daylight" ...     BUT...   spend 100k on this monstrosity and your farts will smell like sugar cookies.  Just wow.
This is just PLAIN MORONIC!° Only an idiot would buy this.
It is in no way cool, it was designed on the minecraft platform
No respectable truck owner would buy this crap.
Have you notced your reflection in the back window?
Question: if for any reason the battery dies, can you still safely drive this thing brake power or steering!  I ask because I drove a car with "power steering & brakes" and the fkn thing stalled and rolled backwards into a tree.
This monstrosity has to be the ugliest 'truck' on the planet...
He get paid 100 k for this review .. that’s why he don’t care
This is the ugliest thing I ever seen in my life. Looks like a 3yr old designed it on paper.
Looks like something designed to run over small animals.
Yes a washing machine, and totally not a mobile welding rig like 99% of people who use that plug carry
This is not cool. It so UGLY.
Oohhhh man and now they’re all recalled 😂 what a great vehicle 🙄
An obnoxious 'Look at me, look at me! I'm obsessed with Elmo!' vehicle.  No thanks.
It should never have been referred to as a truck... it is more like a station wagon. Calling it a truck put it head to head with ACTUAL trucks... anyone with a landscape business, plumber or construction person will obviously have an F150 or bigger to tow the tools... and want a Cybertruck to be cool on the weekend. The CT is, as you say, a lifestyle/image vehicle. Great vehicle, I wish they would bring them to Australia. Greetings from down under
No hand over hand
To anyone who wants one, help yourself. I will NEVER  be the one that gets in your way. Please have at it.😂😂😂
Doug the type of guy to prounounce it "Tun-oh cover."
Why do these electric cars need to look so ridiculous? No thank you
Well this aged like milk.
The vidoe when Doug or Dan or whatever his name is lost all credibility- they are absolute garbage and everyone knows it and doesn’t look at all cool like everyone be though it would be in 2017-  it’s small looks like a dumb car truck- it’s can’t tow- and can’t off road… sure it’s zippy, who cars - even if  won one I’d immediately sell it, I’d feel stupid driving it. Also AGAIN Doug is a liar - go walk around it - it’s SMALLLL!!! It’s only large compared to another dumb tesla- Doug knows it he’s just being paid - everyone’s hates it and are canceling orders. People turn their heads and laugh😂😂w
You could say that he is a POLYDOG
Designed by a crack addict, built by an autistic fabricator apprentice. It’s actually more ugly than a Pontiac Aztec , some Americans have seriously sketchy taste.
I can't understand why they fix there round wheels
Doug is the 0NLY person in the whole wide world that thinks that a Cybertruck is C00LER than a Raptor and a TRX. Like what?? Those are completely different trucks dude. His ego says it all.
Sometimes I wonder if Elon Musk plays Star Citizen. This whole truck oozes Star Citizen-like features. It could very well be an Anvil Aerospace truck given its angular yet sleek design.
Junk
the best thing you can do with this is to throw it in the trash. 1) there are too many unnecessary parts which might break when the warranty expires 2) if the screen stops working, basically the truck can't drive 3) the lack of physical buttons is dangerous as you have to look away from the road just to do anything 4) if a pedestrian gets hit by that, it won't be very good 5) it offers too much power and a lot of unexperienced drivers might crash 6) because of the stainless steel the truck can't absorb the shock of a crash 7) it can't go offroad 8) it's too big 9) maintenance will be expensive 10) having cameras instead of mirrors is dumb, if there is any lag, you're in big trouble  the cars those days are getting bigger, filled with dumb, dangerous, unnecessary things. They have too much power than needed. Anyone can drive those death-machines. i believe (and some people will disagree) that the best new car is the  Dacia Sandero 3. It is simple and cheap (12.400) it doesn't have unnecessary components and it can do everything that the cybertruck can do
make more lincoln towncar videos! those are so funny lol
Tesla should of just put the wiper tucked under the hood like everyone else...
I really wish Ford would bring back the Excursion....
You take go to change gears and accidentally turn on the air con 😂😂😂😂
the opposite of this truck is the SSR
Doug is the guy who likes cars a nine year old would and cars a 70 year old would too...
The Cyber truck is Cyber stupid. It'll be Musk's DeLorean 2024 style. What a pile. A very expensive pile.
A vehicle so cool the manufacturer took them all back! (and who will also sue anyone who tries to sell theirs)
I called AMEX and did a chargeback for my CyberTruck preorder. These things are junk.
You mean most hyped in the USA. Never heard it talked about it the UK and it is as uaf.
The problem for the cybertruck is that it's only technically a truck and in reality just a boulevard cruiser for poseurs. There's no utility here, and at least 50% of all trucks are bought for their utility. Try towing something in the cybertruck and... start hoping there's a charging station somewhere close. Try putting something serious into the bed and... go home and get the F150 instead. Want to fit a winch? OK, stop laughing.  E-trucks are a bad idea; even Ford's F150 Lightning, which is infinitely more of a real truck than the poseur joke from Tesla, shows why E-trucks are an intellectual mistake. EVs are fine for suburban & city personal transportation, but for long-distance or hauling duties they're a mistake. One-size-fits-all thinking is always a mistake, as E-airplanes are demonstrating as well. Use the right power train for the right task. So the cybertruck will do well among people with a great deal more money than functioning neurons, it's basically a case study in stupidity and vulgarity. Probably the sniveling creature Trump will order one painted gold, with extra-wide seats to accommodate his bloated body.
This review will age faster than milk left on the kitchen counter
dont care it is ugly. like something meth head would design cant tow anything.  cant go anywhere. i will still keep my f 350 i can tow a boat a horse trailer and use it in snow. and? wash it. lol damn thing is fugly ugly, i read where everything is falling off. in the 10 years i have owned my f 350 i have had zero issues.only take it to get the oil changed. besides  too expensive to maintain  tries are 3 times the regular  tires.  batteries are 20 grand i can buy a lot of diesel  for that price
I recently saw one here in Pennsylvania. It looks so bizarre and strange vehicle
40 min of nonsens about the most useless 'car' ! Typical cardealer, respect.
1:40 tires?
Saw it here in downtown Nashville...
A car for idiots!
NICE
It's hideous and impractical. It literally looks like something you'd see in a low budget 80s sci fi movie. Even the name is infantile. Cybertruck? Give me a break
UGLY n bizarre  I SEE 2 of THESE all the time in SILICON VALLEY
Douchemobile
its already corroding - I can see the patches. I will take great caution when following these as the whole brake light / tail light change seems counter intiuitive
Veggie boy's pickup truck.
$100,000 clown car!!!!
Sqeegue for cleaning the interior windshield
This truck looks like it was designed by a guy that knows a guy who works for a living.  ... but he was busy.
Egomaniac Elon Musk shouldn't have taken the  $56 Billion pay package. Oh guess what? A judge said NO to Musk. A judge voided Musk's outrageous pay package.  How much faith do you think Musk really has in Tesla when originally,  75 % of Musk's wealth was wrapped up in Tesla and since Dec 2022 that has dropped to 37%. Musk has sold nearly $40 BILLION in company shares since the end of 2021. Still want a Tesla ? NO THANKS.  The real problem with EV's is that money grubber Musk pushed the EV's onto the public BEFORE there was a sufficient infrastructure. Plus he LIED constantly about how the EV would save the planet. And the cherry on the collapsing cake was that the price for a Tesla was way off the chart.  Musk has made a mess with twitter, aka X and it looks like the boy genius may have also  screwed up his EV company. Don't be expecting Musk to ever admit he made a mistake. Narcissists never admit to failing.
It looks like an old school urinal
Trouble with exterior cameras. When it rains, visibility is zero! First time I saw this truck was a picture of it. Thought it was hideous! Then I had one sitting in traffic right beside me. Still hideous! Notice, if you do decide to drive this truck with the tailgate down for any reason, your tail lights disappear! And a citation appears!
Looks like an oversized door stop, someone said it looks like a Pontiac Aztec with play station 1 graphics
I want a plush of the dog mode doggie!
6:54 That truck is all lit up again,  I'm in a truck and ride on, You know this  truck  is staying off the track
It's not plain cool. It is a stupid, stupid vehicle.
You got me so excited over that cybertuck  I flooded my basement!
What a waste of resources 🙄
Does it float? It looks like a boat
whats the radar cross section?
Idk if people look necessarily because it’s cooler than the ford raptor or whatever other truck. If you make something that looks like that you will get attention. Attention isn’t automatically because it’s better. Everyone I know thinks they are ugly….also what makes a truck a truck…cause i do not consider the honda ridge line a truck yet it is classified as such. If i took a hatch back and cut off the roof and gave it a truck bed does that make it a truck? I think it is in its own category. When it comes to trucks trx and raptor are in a different category.
For some reason I imagined Doug with really long hair and a beard like he was Jesus Christ here 31:50
Who else was more interested in the red bmw 🙋🏻🙋🏻🙋🏻
I miss the outdoor reviews
they stick out in traffic.  looks like a space ship.   Won't find them on a Texas Ranch working in real world
it looks like crap
I gave this video a like for Doug, not the truck!
not that im in love with this Truck.  but it would be in another life to be in one, let alone driving it.  must be nice to have alot of money to dump out.  i wander if these people have any idea just how far they live from us in 100K dollar vehicles and multi million dollar homes.  i wander if they have a clue how far out of reality they live, versus 95% of of us??  you can't tell me, they have much care about us.  we. the mass billions of us, really are just peasants, only needed for elections.  providing them with our broke backs and labor.   royalty of the new age.  i guess at least alot more people can be royalty in this day of age.  not just a few per civilization.  shrugs.  that steering thing is pretty dam neat. i like the tires and the rims.  the fact that i'd feel a solid 80% safe from any harm outside of that truck and i like the thought of living in that truck in remote areas.  watching the twilight of a nice sunset into darkening skys out in the sands and stones of Arizona.  but i don't think i would like most of the day when i have to get out of the Truck lol
Can't imagine the practically of this thing unless you're making a Back to the future movie and ran out of DeLoreans
Wait, you mean you have to use your hands? That’s like a baby’s toy.
Doug did a review on the Lincoln Blackwood.  Now would have been a better time to put an EV version of it out.
That the most ugliest vehicle I’ve ever seen, wouldn’t be caught dead in one. $100k price tag and the paint job is Macco quality?😂
This was a beautiful video good job
Not at all, I hate it
Ah yes, the Muskmobile Meme Machine.   Also, there are many issues with this thing but shifting the gears USING A SCREEN is a total nonstarter.  That's not a compliment to the Cybertruck. This thing is a joke, which is pretty on brand for Elongated Muskrat.
Maybe “cool” doesn’t mean what it once did. Definitely not the words I would choose.
Gotta be a moron to drive any fully electric car, that's just the way it is.
Dam, this truck is ugly!
THIS IS THE UGLIEST TRASH I HAVE EVER SEEN !!!
I think it looks absolutely hideous.
A colleague of my wife bought a Cyber Truck. A Ford F-150 turned in front of him causing front right corner damage. His insurance on the Cyber Truck was 3 times that of his previous Corvette. The cost to repair his Cyber Truck is $41,000. Insurance will only give him $19,000. He can't drive it until it's repaired. If and when he comes up with the remaining $22,000 his insurance company  is dropping the truck even though the other driver was at fault. The other driver had no insurance. No-one else as of now, that he can find, will insure the truck due to its insanely high cost to repair. He's still working on that. However, he was told by the body shop parts and panel for his truck won't  be available until winter of 2025 or as late as Spring of 2026. Do you still want a Cyber Truck????.
Might have to update that Doug Score now that Tesla has recalled every Cybertruck sold.
Only people who buy this truck are Tesla investors.
Nice dent on the hood.
It looks like a sixth grader designed the cybertruck.
Cybertruck is a cool truck for lame people
There's a sucker born every day. This guy is is on Tesla's payroll.
32:52 but it's the least cool car I've ever seen?
Tesla needs to make a more traditional truck as well.
Really?
Delorean meets elongated Aztek.
Goofy ahh looking “truck” 😂😂😂  what lazy engineering. My friend in Colorado saw one and sent it to me and I’m just as disappointed seeing it out in the wild as in this video.
Saw this ugly piece of garbage today.  Almost couldn't tell which direction it was going or if it was actually a vehicle or some big piece of debri coming at me.  Lawsuits coming soon
What an ugly pointless vanity project. I forsee a flop.
I have watched your videos for a long time.  Many of them were a pleasure to watch but I have to say that this one is terrible.  This truck is a dreadful publicity stunt testing boundaries that shouldn't be tested.  From the crappy build quality to the dangerous nature of every aspect of this vehicle, I have never seen anything so expensive be so compromised.  I'm a little worried that people are too excited for this death trap.
😆 yeah really cool ha! That POS thankfully was totally recalled..... It's a stainless steel death trap that weighs 8k lbs. Good riddance
Awful pos.
The fact that he thinks this is cool, just goes to show how much he has lost the plot. It's not cool, it's a joke.
The magnifying glass on the screen is circular.  : )
0/100 Review!!! While going over the quirks and features, Doug Failed to mention one of, if not the  most hilariously Pointless Quirk/ Feature. HE DID NOT MENTION THE BOTTLE OPENER!!! I waited to post this comment till I had watched the entire video but first typed the main part of this out as he was in the rear of the CyberTruck. Point being, I am Genuinely SEVERELY Disappointed!!! I cannot stress that enough how the Most Quirky Part of the CyberTruck didn't even get mentioned!!! Please make a separate video and amend this error In the Quirks and Features as I Find it to be the Best Part about the vehicle. You had mentioned that there was a drain in the compartment of the Trunk Just incase you wanted to make that area into a cooler, Yet you completely Failed to mention the Bottle Opener placed Less than Three Feet away from this Potential Cooler!!! Point being I am HIGHLY Disappointed in this complete lapse in Information about this Vehicles Various Quirks and Features. I Feel as though you were about to mention this Quirk/Feature at exactly 12:00 as you started to move the camera towards the exact spot where this bottle opener is on other CyberTrucks. Yet there was a Very Sudden Cut to the video and to your voice, to talk immediately About the flaw that is presented with having a large tailgate!!!
Cybertruck paling buruk yang dihasilkan. Dah la buruk tak mempersonakan.
If gm, ford, or chrysler made that crap, he'd rip it to shreds.
Hell will freeze over before this becomes road legal in Europe.  Investing so much money without ANY way to make it to one of the biggest world markets is ridiculous.
If this is the future of car design. I'll take the bus thank you 🤢🤮
Cyber-crap.... Just plain ugly!
Cybertruck will killer TSLA stock
And now they're recalled,  lol
I saw a Cybertruck when I was walking to the thrift shop the other day here in Northern Utah. First impressions when I saw it was, what is that huge block? Then I remember the Cybertruck and it really is quite long. Then I was with my friend and I told her about it and I told her I would show her one and behold there was one behind us a moment later wrapped in black. Her reaction was, "that's so ugly!" 😂 While I was convincing her it was cool, it's different and edgy, literally. 🤣
It’s the edges and the trap door frunk that concern me, there will be tremendously brutal road accidents, but here in conservative Australia, perhaps we are too safety conscious and the road authority will definitely ban it.
One of the worst cars to ever come out
Doug is the type of guy that likes triangular cars.
A crappy steel vehicle that will get filthy and rust, will cost a fortune to repair and will kill any kid or adult unfortunately to step in front of it. Oh and it chops fingers, has sucky range and isn't even good as a truck. It's for arrogant selfish jerks who want to make a statement but that won't be the statement they think they're making.
😂If you drink and drive with that stearing... I guess he wount be on the road long enough to  danger anyone... 😅
I just dont like it, all to be done interqcting with a screen, its nuts
Yeh,raw sharp edges,just the thing to keep other road users like cyclists as well as pedestrians away from your precious viRtue signalling ...please doug just STFU.
After watching and listening for a few minutes I came to the conclusion this guy is a total imbecile or a paid for stooge,or maybe both.Yeh a body with sharp angles that you could injure yourself on just by bumping into it while washing it etc.
Is there an 8 inch lift kit out yet?
Imagine driving a car that hasn’t finished loading
If Quentin Tarantino did car reviews
Wonder how much that window cost to replace after a rock chips it :/
40 minutes of tesla ad.
Screw you doug. You put profit over integrity.
Its iight, id take a hummer truck over this tho
If you didn't lose subs from this simping ad, then you should really think of what type of person you are lol You have horrible opinions like drive by wire, YEA totally not crashes waiting to happen
Dude, did Musky pay you off?  We all know this things a disaster.
It’s a DeLorean
9:23 e36!
It is not.
Did we just gloss over how closing the frunk can rip off your arm?
lol, lmao
Huge piece of garbage if you ask me.  I dont think its cool.  It looks like a child drawing a car with a crayon.  Owned by people who eat crayons.
The entire crappy thing is a quirk, of course Doug would love it.
Just ugly junk
Just plain cool, if you’re into dogsh*t. I bet Doug was a big Pontiac Aztec fanboy too
What an ugly car. 🤮
Bro so hyped his voice cracking in the intro
my issue with the steer by wire is that if you have an electrical malfunction, you lose the ability to steer the vehicle completely, which you don't in a regular car
Just remembered why I don't do Doug anymore
"It's just a more well-rounded truck" ummmmmmm clearly it's the opposite, it's the most jagged-edged truck of all time
The truck is not cool!  I did not think that you would have been such an EV leg humper, sad.
The sideview mirrors looks curved
total crap design made for idiots that want to fantasies their in blade runner or something stupid enjoy the recall suckers
Great review. That truck tops the cake for the ugliest thing I’ll be seeing with wheels so far
Seeing it in person it doesnt look as ugly as a lot of haters and keyboard warriors claim it to be. Its not a beautiful car at all. But it looks so cool when you look at it in person. I swear it gets more attention than a bugatti chiron.  If you hate the modern crop of blob cars and crossovers including the ubiquitous tesla model 3 and Y...here you go!
It looks like it was designed by an 8th grader. The body panels don’t meet at the corners. This is the biggest scam in automotive history.
9:05  When a cybertruck is atr a redlight stop, you can simply walk to it and push button and steal some things and run away ;)
Minimal buttons, maximum ipad. It's a car made for toddlers.
"A special treat" just for us and our severely lacking public safety laws. What joy.
I saw a Cybertruck yesterday briefly on my way home while I was at a red light (it zoomed by on a semi trailer with some other cars so I only got a quick glance) Im not the biggest fan of it but I will say, it looks absolutely BIZARRE when seen for real, especially where I live where these newer cars arent common. Very cool
Still haven’t got my money for the design. I have proof I designed this when i was 6.
I want it
I've been seeing overwhelmingly negative reviews for the actual performance of this car. I personally dont think its worth 100k
Dead ugly in pictures and in person!  Its good for hauling gravel and or construction materials.
Looks like a car out of blade runner
How did ellon musk end up with a victims invention a engine that runs on water
"Looks insane?" It looks hideous. I wouldn't drive this if it was given to me free of charge.
Very ugly car. Compare that with a 67 GTO, No contest, technology can't make a good looking car!🙄
Army  car 🚗 robocop
We have different definitions of "cool".
It better be room in the back is as long as a Chevy suburban
I stare at it in the same way you stare at a car accident when you drive by it When you would try not to stare at someone who is horribly disfigured in an accident
Insane means ugly
Not a good car.
I want
This THING is a perfect  example of how stupid and tasteLESS our times became.  🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
Quality is like a one. Doug is a nerd.
My 2013 Golf R hid the wipers below the hood. But sure, Tesla. Your triangle gets better range because of the vertical mono wiper.
My 2010 GMC Acadia’s back hatch will stop going down and go back up if it encounters resistance, like contacting someone’s noggin.
Big problem imo with the steering is the lack of mechanical steering. I imagine if its by wire, that means there is zero mechanical steering linkage. Forget car wash mode and boom, steering is fried.
Bad, bad, no good vehicle.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DADSWdii8kM
They just recalled every single one they delivered for issues.
What 3 year old designed this hunk of crap?
You're incredibly annoying. And you should get a different voice.
That's a monstrosity.
The cybertruck is one of a kind
Awful... nothing else to be said.   There should be a law against such stupidity...
RECALL RECALL, what a crappy vehicle.
Ugly AF….
The truck is still rendering.
Looks like an ugly doorstop.
TRX > CyberTruck
If you reviewed the cyberbeast that would’ve been 75 at least!!! Acceleration would be a 10
Doug lost his mind. This car is trash.
It is UGLY AF and just a hype plus Tesla just fired 14,000 employees within 24 hours not even 2 weeks.
That's the Tesla Cyberrusttruck
Another bunch of lies from Doug Demuro
People are lame and we todd it.  Especially truck people.
Cool? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA LAME
Texas? Just one more reason to not support that Musk Nazi. 🇨🇦 Save the NHL from tax dodging red states.
Does it have monkey carjack protection? Who cares.. F the yuppie class.
The shifting is a great example of why we are living in an idiocracy.  Just awful... I don't understand why peoole still have kids.
Safety third.
Unsafe for everyone! Yaaaaa!
Garbage.
Nazi made trash.
you were dead on point about rims
"Don't stick your arm in there.  It will be...        cut off." Hahahaha
It looks and acts like a concept car, and it's about as beta as one too.
Triangles and rectangles, innovative!
26:31 Cybertruck font is absolutely not “cool”😂
Looks like it's from a 60s Japanese sci-fi movie......hope it's faster than Godzilla......
“Cybertruck pedestrian issues” Pure shill speak
I hate it
I love your content Doug & I love this vehicle.
If you're going to pay that much to look like an idiot, at least get one with the vinyl top option.
Awesome EV TESLA CYBERTRUCK!
Every time he says 'minimalist' , substitute the words half-assed . .
little late for a review... there are so many already
I would never trust steer by wire. When that system gets a few years old, I'm afraid it will steer wherever it feels like and not where you want to go.
https://youtu.be/IIFrtUJZelk?feature=shared   2:03
Ugliest car ever conceived of. Seriously it takes the title from the gremlin of 1970. And it’s brother the pacer in 1974.
thanks doug for oyur video
10K dislikes?????
what a waste of time and money
Cybershart.
I just seen one around the corner from my house, parked to the other day
Long awaited!
Probably one of the ugliest cars that’s been released lately, to be honest.
Yeah right. Try again Tesla. Your days are numbered. The Chinese will bury you. Tesla Edsel truck!!
It is truly ugly!
Why got be the ugliest thing ever I rather stick old school gas car
bro you flip the sun visors down then pop it up to cover the entire thing CMON BRO
УВЫ* (*НЕ Рычит!!!!!!!)-НАверно-Будущее!!! Будущее-СЕГОдня!!!
PRO СОБСНО-Сам CyberTruck* (*РЕкомендую Тов. Маску-ТАКое НАписание!!!): Тачка-ПОНЯТНО-АXУЕННАЯ (АXУИТЕЛЬНАЯ)!!!!!!! И в ОТЛ от Прежних Tesla-ПРЕЖДЕ ВСЕГО-в Плане РЕВОЛЮЦИОННОГО (НАверно ЗАперещенное в Рашке Слово?) ПОИСТИННЕ-БОМБического (ОПЯТЬ ЗАпрещенное Слово?)-Дизайна (Стайлинга)-УБОГО-УНЫЛОГО у Прежних Тесл!!!!!!! НО!!! НЕобходимо(!!!!!!!) ВЕРНУТЬ ПЕРЕДние ТРИ Места (хотяБ-ОПЦИОНально)!!!!!!! Алгоритм Работы ЗАДНЕЙ СветоТехники-НЕсколько-СТРАНЕН (МЯГКО ГутарЯ)...впрочем-НЕкритично!!! НО!!! Яб-ПРОСТО Сделал ПОЛОСУ-Коя в Режиме СТОПаря ЗАсвечивалася ЯРЧЕ на Порядок а БОКовые (ОТ САМОГО Центра Полосы) Секции в Режиме ПОВОРОТника-МИГАЛИ БЕГУЩИМ Светом ОТ САМОГО Центра!!! Прочее-ОК!!!  Ну и Пикап-ЧИСТО АМЕРИКАнская Тема!!! ВОТб-МиниВэн-на ОСНОВЕ Оного Пикапа-ДА-на 9 Местов!!!!!!! НО!!! ЭТОуж-СОВСЕМ ХОРОШО!!!!!!! Ну и Мощность КАКпоМне-УСЕж-МАЛОвата-ДАЖЕ В Версии КиберЗверь (ВЕСИТ то КАК Автобус-ПОЧТИ!!!)!!! НадобТЬ-МЕГАватт+ (кста ЭЛЕКТРОмобильЖ-ПОРА ЗАбыть PRO Лошадок (Куда ТУТ ЗАпрягается Лошадь?)!)!!!  КАКтоТАК-ИМХО!!!
🕊❤️🥰🎉
“We lost the war”. 😆 🤡
The Cybertruck is absolutely one of the worst vehicles the world has ever seen. It is hideous. I mean a face only a mother would love. And it can't be sold in the vast majority of the planet because it does not meet safety standards. Not that Elon would care. He apparently likes the general public to crash test their poorly built vehicles, and certainly does not care about pedestrians. He is an idiot despot, and the "truck" is pure crap. The US media is fawning over it, of course, but that just shows their own bias.
The cyber truck is a good example of why you can't actually subject a "prop" to actual use. Tesla is a cult with a business model of charging you excessively to lock you into the cult. I will buy something like this when there is a big red button on the dash marked "SHUTDOWN." Sorry, but this was just a "suck-up" review...
Its quite good, the only fault it is The lack of stick. makes me mad there is some joy in selecting your gear using a lever and then acelerate.
I think , it is an amazingly inspired design,  to look totally ugly. I don't care  how hi tech this grocery getting behemoth is, it looks like it was made in Hell .
He is turning into Sheldon
Of course you need to run your washing machine from you CT. So many useless features. And no essential ones. like indicator stalks, and knobs and dials you can feel. And straight ahead viewable instruments, instead a giant centre mounted touch screen that is a dangerous distraction for a diligent driver. Steering wheel is stupid, as is steer by wire. A pillar Blind spots are killers. Overall a very dangerous vehicle. Good Luck.
That thing looks 10 years old right now.
Apparently Tesla substitutes 'minimalist' for 'absolutely hideous' when it comes to their interior design. Seriously, this has to be *the worst* interior in automotive history. The dash doesnt even meet the door panels in any semblance of a clean transition.
If you’re buying a Cybertruck to be cool you’re going to be very, very disappointed.
One of those don’t waste your money, if you have more money than brains, just give me your money someone can kick you in the  you know where and call it a day!! Yikes
The guys over on Internet Today cover reviews on the Cybertruck extenisvely. Worth Checking it out.
What about the warning for the kids that are sitting in the Cybertruck?  Sorry if I missed it.
DeLorean of the current era.. if there is a reboot of Back to the Future... they have to use Cybertruck.. nothing else.
sounds   like  the  guy from superstore
What about pedestrian safety with all those angular shaped corners of steel? How did Tesla got approval for that? $$$ maybe? And what about those famous Tesla panel gaps? Not worth mentioning?
Disgusting pathetic car made because of ONE mans hubris. Will go down in history like the delorean did, but that was cooler than this.
This is plain crap. Rusting hunks of junk.
The cybertruck is the only vehicle that gets worse every time I look at it.
Reminds me of a DeLorean
were you always this... cocaine?
Uglist thing ever.....and costy...
Id rather be seen pushing a wheelbarrow
Ford Raptor fans in the mud, hypothetically speaking, of course. Their actual Raptors are parked squeaky clean, in their respective driveways.
I bet they sell 100k trucks out of that 1.2 million reservations. Its not capable, the price doubled and it is taking too long. I will not be going through with my reservation.
"Cyber-truck pedestrian issues:" You mean dead pedestrians?
A Truck? Ok...
"It comes from a company run by an insane person:" Thanks for calling it like it is. Elon Musk's destruction of Twitter is not a good thing.
Elon's pet meme car just because he can sell anything to his minions
Doug the type of guy to make a "Why I haven't reviewed a Cybertruck" video a week before the Cybertruck review video drops
this car could be a featured in a carmageddon game yo
100k on a car and I need to wrap it before it rains …..make it make sense
This is a 2 fool truck. The fool that made it and the fool that buys it. Horrible crap
Maybe bad timing for an expensive toy like this, as Tesla has just announced layoffs of approx 15,000 employees. In the current economy, not a lot of regular Americans can afford it.
Another Tesla Cult Zealot, hook up a trailer to it DOUG oh! right you don't want to do that, as I have only found one car reviewer that did hook up a trailer (7000lbs it's rated higher) to this thing and only got 101 miles out of it and that was with the extra battery pack, so you go tell everyone how amazing it is (your probably being paid to) let them know about the bullet proof windows that won't break when it goes into "thermal Runaway" and the doors lock burns them death or how bad it's going to rust unless you pay Tesla more money to protect the finish, I have nothing against EV's (unless it's being forced on me) just un-honest car reviewers, so lets be honest this is just another rich mans toy, a guy that's never going to take it camping any further than his own driveway or make it a work truck as the box isn't big enough to hall more than a few groceries, so for that it's perfect $100,000 ugly grocery get'r
It’s cool but it doesn’t seem practical.
Deplorean.
most people that own these trucks will never put anything in the back anyway, let alone keep it open for any extended period of time
I love this guy
This has to be the fastest aging car in history - going, in my eyes, from cool to ugly in about two months
Does it come in black?
It's weird seeing a Cybertruck review without destroying the glass or shooting at the side panels.
Love the panel gaps.
This is literally the worst car ever made everyone of them will be in a scrap yard within 5 years
A button on the screen to open the glove box. Haha.
What's up with this guy? This is annoying
Because it's the ugliest truck ever made! I now find a 1960s COE GMC Cracker box beautiful!
It just simply isn't up to snuff!!! I get that it's geared towards the yuppie and its the cool thing to buy but the discussion of tow and payload is important if people want to truely go green!  the people that use trucks for trucks  would like to see an electric truck actually have tow capacity and in the bed payload. trucks that don't have these things  are quite simply useless because  these are the people that build your homes, cities, offices, highways etcetera" and they need trucks that can accommodate load and haul!!!  until car manufacturers can produce such an electric truck the whole going fully green in the auto industry is mute!!! the rising cost of gas and diesel is one of the main reasons for price hikes on everyday commodities! trucks deliver and transport the wolds goods, plain and simple! price was mentioned but this truck is no more expensive or cheaper than any other gas or diesel truck but when spending 80 to 120k why not purchase what gets the job done. this is just simply an expensive novelty just like all electric  trucks so far and for those of us that are interested in alternatives to gas and diesel it's a bit disheartening to tell the truth it's like no one is serious about real change.
I in enjoy your car comment's
All EV cars are horrible. 1850 times more toxic.
We saw one of these this weekend, and the first thing my wife said was, "You have to find the Doug DeMuro review." She love the review, as usual, but she's very upset that you didn't run the wiper.
It’s.. not a truck.
As a TRX I owner I in no way feel upstaged by a Cybertruck lol
I know for a fact Elon will watch this
That truck looks like trash 🗑️
I don’t have the patience to deal with this kinda car.. just from looking at this video I have extreme anxiety.. I’m not going through all those features just to get to my damn glove compartment un un ..
Driving it of course with a half turn remember that the rear wheels are turning in the opposite directions to reduce radius of turn.
It's not a truck.
sure
they shoulda made steering touch screen as well
I never hated a car design (or a car) this much but I just love how Doug reviews cars, so I just had to watch the full vid 😵‍💫
Nobody that drives a truck is “hand over hand”. It’s all one hand. Electronic throttles are bad enough. I will never buy or endorse a vehicle with electronic steering.   Also… It’s completely gay. I’ll never understand how you’re so excited about this automotive atrocity and yet you hate the Hummer H2…
I am somewhat surprised that it doesn't have a sensor on the Front Truck, to keep it from closing on an Arm, or a Child. That would be a lawsuit,  but I guess you won't see many Familys buying a Cyber Truck. - a Woman won't care for the looks of it.
Useless car,my tractor is far better
Okay, Doug. I'm good with everything else you said, but that "truck" is not cooler than a Dodge, T-rex or even a Ford Raptor. And really, offroad, any 4x4 truck will out perform that truck. Look at that wheelbase, the truck would have to have  a 12" custom lift kit not to get high centered. And the range is just over 300 miles. That thing is a toy for rich boys who live in cities. You have to have to have your real truck and then buy the cyber truck as a second truck. That's the truth.
It's a doo doo truck
I dont like electric vehicles but i like that. Except the cybertruck logo. Thats lame.
I can't imagine somebody would buy this truck in Europe
My favorite ride
I absolutely hate the design. The more I look at it, the more I hate it. All the proportions of the angles seem off and random. The geometry is just cartoonish. I want to love it, cause I love Tesla, but this is hideous.
The steering is kind of like  steering on a piv in a warehouse. Kind of awesome to be honest.
Yeah, I'm reading a lot of mixed reviews of this Cyber junk I'm mean truck. But I guess the overpaid kids like the lego looking Cyber junk, I mean truck.
Ugliest vehicle ever made by far , followed by the hummer H2 and first generations Prius .
How long will it take before someone loses a finger on the frunk?
Euro E34 M5 in the background?
ok please someone tell me what does he mean by calling the Cybertruck a Monolith I've heard this before on other Vehicles
I heard a rumour... Elon wanted to launch new Hexagon tires... Is it true?
Overpriced and looks horrible.
Wanna drive my Cyberbeast?
This is what Doug looks like AFTER his crew gets him tv ready.. lol
So there was this big storm this week down here in Louisiana and New Orleans had even worse flooding than normal, and one of the viral pictures going around in this area was a picture of one of these driving around in the flooded streets. Definitely a funny sight in these parts, lol
I think it looked a lot better in the concept mock ups. Looks crap in real life- too low and slouchy. I thought it was supposed to be more high riding
Very ugly vehicle
The camera icon is a hexagon because of "attention to detail," but the phone icon is still a handset from the 1980s. 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️
Totally agree that this is the COOLEST car on the road now. Its actually cheap for the wow factor. Even a McLaren does not turn as many heads.
Good review Doug!
Fugly!
If you believe that ugly thing is cool, you need to have your head examine. Looks like a cardboard box on wheels!
What happens if your break the screen?  Can't drive it.   Rather have a Raptor.
Why so ugly though ?
Awesome review Doug! Always enjoy your enthusiasm and your exploration of the “quirks & features” I’ve read a lot of your followers reviews, many being quite critical and just plain negative! As you pointed out , it’s not to be practical but rather rich people upping their cool factor.  To all the “negative Nancy’s”… you go and build a truck!
The doors and hood are unsafe, no protection from slamming or putting into fingers on doors, the lights and brake lights are extremely unsafe, way too sharp, terrible visibility even with cameras, and it's steel without protection. Good luck with rust. This dumpster fire from a Blade Runner movie is not worth the money. It's like a 7 year old Musk designed it after seeing Mad Max and didn't get it, and no way is it nuke proof as he claimed. A simple rock can destroy it.
Doug moves like a mannequin
Tesla Cybertruck 💩💩😓😓😓😓😓😓 CAN NOT TAKE IT OUT IF IT IS RAINING BECAUSE IT RUSTS AS IT RAINS ON IT  ! TESLA TURD  💩💩💩💩💩💩
Doug is my dad
This is the weirdest car and if i had the money even though i have NO NEED whatsoever for a car like this i would bloody well buy it just to have fun.
Hi,Doug. I'd like to see Cadillac Elmiraj . What about this car?
Looks like a hunk-a-shit 💀
If people are buying this to be cool, they are failing miserably
Most people I have seen criticizing the Cybertruck are actually not the sort who would have ever bought a Raptor, and criticize those, too.  Also, you want to make this sort of thing when nobody can sell even normal pickup trucks that are useful and the whole segment is declining as many people increasingly associate this size pickup truck with a certain sort of antisocial personality archetype?  It also seems that many people are cancelling their orders, and many others are considering it.  I think this may yet be a dud, from a sales perspective and a user experience perspective.
He mentions things that are absolutely terrible like they are jsut cute "quirks and features", like the panels being able to cut you if you look at them the wrong way, the breaking lights being smaller than when idling, or the body getting rusty on a truck that's barely a couple months old
"premature wear"  They're rusting...
He ain't wrong, it's definitely the coolest truck out right now and probably will be for a while. Thing is kinda crazy, just like Elon haha.
I would wrap it
I saw my first Cybertruck today on the road in south Florida. 1) It is HUGE! and 2) It is even more hideous in person.
It's a big waste of money.
What a pathetic shill with no balls. Thoroughly unlikeable person anyway but *_this_* ?
Doug DeMuro is totally insane :D
That's not a truck.
Points to a corner in the first 2 minutes  Corner very very obviously doesn’t line up  Pretends nothing is wrong  Kick back from Elon?
I watched so many YouTubers who review cars. For me if there is an oscar i would give it to u. Great amount of details.
NO.
Would it be cool if Doug reviewed an ice cream truck?
Cancer machine
I am not a Tesla basher, buy what you want, but this thing look cheap. Especially the interior.
in an ocean of copycats, homogeneous design and group think, Musk taking us in a different direction in all kinds of ways..  love it!
Thanks Doug. Mentioning coolness. That’s what it’s about.
fun review.. you missed the nuances of the AWS, particularly some differences with parking scenerios where you dont want the rear end to move sideways.
Just saw the best name EVER for a cybertruck.... Behold the Wankpanzer.
The volta pro future
Bye bye doug, if you think the cypertruck is cool you lost me.
Doug hates on circles for 40 minutes straight
I think they should make a CyberTank. . . Something similar to a Suburban with outlets galore for VanLifers and North Face swag wearing folks.
That truck needs to come with a large wrap around rubber bumper In order to protect the public from the a-hat who is driving it.
Wonder if the first hummers got the same reaction?
And what do you do when the electric steering rack fails and you can’t turn the damn truck anywhere
If you think that thing is cool, your a complete idiot!!
Wanna know a secret? Elon’s son drew a picture of how he thought it should look and Elon told him that he would create that exact picture into a truck. That’s the actual story.
Reminds me of the stapler on my desk.
I don't know why anyone would want this ugly thing!!! As for the fools that think they are helping the environment, your absolutely stupid!!! The batteries, when they go bad, there's absolutely no way to get rid of them. There's no way to safely dispose of the batteries at all. Not to mention that they can catch on fire, for no reason at all!! Even though it's all electric, it's still got moving parts,that create friction. So you have to grease and oil those parts, and that means you need petroleum products. Don't forget the plastics and the tires are all made from petroleum products. So if you're still using petroleum products, how is that helpful to the environment? So your creating waste batteries,that cost almost as much as the whole vehicle, and there's no way to dispose of them. And your still using petroleum products, how are you helping the environment? Oh yeah, when they catch fire,it releases toxic fumes, that will kill you. Not to mention, how is electricity made? Yes you have solar panels, and wind mills, and of course the storage batteries for those. You need petroleum products to grease the windmills, and the moving parts. However, mostly electricity is made by burning coal, of course that's fossil fuels, and petroleum products. Yeah there's hydroelectric dams,that have moving parts that need to be oiled and greased. So let me ask you people that think that you are helping the environment, how are you really helping things? Oops, your really not helping anything!!!
People are complaining that it's dangerous, like they know more about manufacturer regulations than the NHTSA, which this went through and passed. 😅
Any wheel that isn't a circle needs to go
why does this video have so many dislikes?
Yes, it does look, "absolutely insane." Insanely ugly.
This is dangerous for all the others in the road
Doug is the type of car content Youtuber that farts getting into the backseat of an RC350F and leaves it in the video for us to find.   Gotta leave an Easter egg in there somewhere for us to find.
And, just like my other refrigerator it is all electric!
looks very dangerous to everyone near it!
The truck is undoubtedly interesting and unique but few safety concerns worth calling out... 1) some kid will be loosing their fingers from putting their hands in the corner of that frunk during closing. 2) I can see the scenario where a person gets trapped inside that bed with noway out (unless they designed in an internal release or sensing mechanism). 3) Common with many EVs now - having to view and interface on a center mounted screen just to know basic things like your current speed is distracting. And 4) it appears very difficult to guage where the front of the truck ends combined with poor visibility around A pillars might make driving in crowded areas - interesting.   All those things are livable but especially if you have young kids concerns that one should be cognizant of.
LOL cybertruck is new and cool -  so garners attention but a Raptor R is wayyyyyyyy cooler.
I still like it.
You'll have to use a mop to clean the bottom of the windshield and front of the dash...
Do they break down much ?
The cyber truck reminds me of a DeLorean. It was ugly then and it's ugly now😂
How much is insurance?  How much is a repair?  I'll tell you.  A LOT MORE!  SUCKERS.  fjb.
the design is allready outdated...
It's not cool.
That vehicle itself is ridiculous on its face. Honestly, I can't understand why someone like Elon would create something so utterly insane and market it.  The fact that it's selling for such an insane amount that it is is utterly ludicrous.
Cool- brings to mind the Pontiac Aztek.
This is the review we've all been waiting for
As an emt this thing is going to be a menace
38:00 steer by wire/fly by wire is nothing new. ask any pilot or anybody that’s on an exotic motorcycle for that matter. unfortunately, I think there’s a lot of concessions that have to be made. Mainly the price for what you’re getting.
22:03 so gimmicky. What if I just want to drive the damn car? furthermore, I disagree. I don’t care about auto pilot, but it should at least have adaptive cruise like every other cheap Hyundai has. They can’t even get that done in the cyber truck.
2001 Space Odyssey.
Dude the idea you have to depend heavily on a camera as a rear  view mirror is a colossal failure imo…and the rear view mirror that comes in it obstructs your view out the front. I don’t understand how this is “cool” when it fails the basics.
In Fairness to Elon/Tesla, their original cost estimate in 2019 was 2 years prior to Biden inflation taking off like a rocket. Most things cost considerably more today than 4 years ago. (Sorry Dems, but it’s true ).
the interior light appears to be straight blue light aka 5,000 kelvin, which is brutal on the eyes, especially at night..
not a truck
17:53 do people see what i see....hummmmm
2 million views within a couple weeks. Doug should be thanking Elon for building such a crazy truck that allows him to make a boatload of $$$ from a video. Instead I think Doug probably leans far to the left and dislikes Elon
Two things, One I dont like the video review taking place in the echo chamber of that garage. Go back outside that is much better.  #2 you look so tiny in the truck because of that design and it seems you can only see the sky out of the back window.
Doug is just that type of guy...
Or as my wife calls it, the "Cocaine Wagon."
I’m happy this thing doesn’t comply with European safety standards and we will thus never see one on our roads.
Sorry Doug but cool does not mean good, or even OK. This thing is ugly, impractical and  expensive, other than that it's a poor working truck. Cool ?
Look, a refrigerator on wheels. I wonder if it makes ice on the go.
"Premature wear" AKA it started rusting instantly.
If you're driving a laptop, it makes sense you'd use a screen.   Is the tailgate removable if you need it out of the way to haul?   Between the side liftover and tailgate the bed looks like a nightmare.    And I can only imagine that rolltop tonneau is gonna be problems in an Ohio winter.
This guys voice makes me not even want one!
stop acting like an idiot  just give us a review if i wanted to watch an idiot  I'd turn on a gov Chanel
Can't wait for the last Dodge Magnum SRT8.
Cybertruck crashes are going to be apocalyptic
So ghey
This car copied from Crysis 2
I'll pretend I'm a Blade Runner if I get to drive one.
Needing a rear view camera as a mirror is a massive design failure
the podcast plug really made me realize bro's most iconic line is saying "this" at the beginning of all the videos 😂
AS dumb as the people that buy it.
It's Hideous 🤮
It looks like you started to download a truck, but you stopped the download before it could install any of the details.
i saw another Cyber truck here in San Diego today 4-9-24; it is the 4th one in the last month...
Doug you move so much when you talk sometimes it distracts me from what your saying. No offense
S*** box.
Those tires were specifically made with the sidewall to have a cutout for the wheel cover. I guess it worked in concept, but Tesla didn’t consider tire flex. I’d wager the tire manufacturer warned them, but if Tesla insisted, who’s turning down a contract to make them anyway?
This thing is solid steel, 6,900 lbs and can lose control because of tesla manufacturing issues.  If I see this on the road I’m staying far away as possible
why is he insane. brilliant yes insane dont think so let me guess you voted for biden that explains it
I mean honestly stainless steel futuristic garbage can on wheels that’s what it is. lol I like Tesla but this ain’t it
It’s the single ugliest thing on the road today.
It's not cool, it's weird. It makes electric motor sounds, lots of trucks make glorious V8 sounds. It's hideous and will have hideous reliability. It's fast, but so? My supercharged NB Miata is just as fast at an eighth the price, my supercharged and 6-speed swapped V8 Colorado is about as quick, and there are WAY faster vehicles that actually should be fast. Furthermore, I wouldn't buy one if I were a billionaire and they cost $50 for fear of helping Elon Musk in any way.
The design is a nod to the DMC Delorian DmC 12. So it's more like an suv not a pick up truck. Kinda like a Chevy avalanche
Doug is just another barstool d-bag.
What if I go to the car wash and they said put it in neutral 😭
DeMuro: Is that a jewish name?
What a stup1d a55 "car"
Absolutely nothing cool about this trash can.
Junk
So in summary ... the Cybertuck has poor towing capacity, poor driver vision radius, it rusts, it is prone to expensive repairs for minor problems, its reliability is in question, it's too bulky to enjoy as a daily driver, its off road capabilities are largely unknown as nobody would take it offroading anyway... wait ... remind me again what exactly is the appeal here?
They will never make enough for everyone to have one so everyone doesn't have to like it or want it for it to be a huge success. most vehicles I will never buy or would ever want but they still make them and make money selling them to people so my point is if you hate it then just hate it and move on and keep your opinion to yourself unless asked because no one really cares that you hate it.
I talked to a guy who owns a Cyber truck and worked at Giga Texas in Austin. He said that the reason the Cyber truck doesn't have FSD yet is because its not legal for a truck to have it at this point so they are working on getting it legalized. Until then, it ain't getting it. Same reason the Semi doesn't have it.
I try to be positive so... I ummm.. I like that it looks like my refrigerator. Yeah, that's nice.
The coolness vanishes once you run out of battery in a traffic jam
Cool? Stupid, the word is stupid.
I can't wait to show her off to my farmer friends in Kansas and test her capacity in haulin and pullin fertilizer for the north 400!
"A company run by an insane owner" really Doug, Elon is insane? Or is it he ruined your sacred insane Twitter platform  for the insane. The one main thing Elon is not, is insane. Pls
Why three buttons?
I gotta say, I've seen a few of these now in real life thanks to living where I do, and by God they are uglier and more hideous in person than any of the videos or images make them out to be. If you don't think they look good in pictures and what not, then you're in for a real surprise when you see one in 3d where its literally twice as bad. Genuinely, its a very unique car, but holy molly is it a disgusting design; Even my non-car type and generally out of the loop family members share the same opinion which had be laughing.
im watching this at 2x speed and he still talks too slow, what is it with this guy
Nice to see something different
Garbage truck
I like that the lines of this behemoth doesn't meet up around it.  I sure hope that it doesn't cost a fortune... whoopsie😀
Didn't mention cost saving from zero oil changes, tune ups, etc
So many things could break in a practically all electronic cockpit...
This vehicle design reminds me of opposition party campaigns when the incumbent and the situation are working.  "What do we want?" "CHANGE" "When do we want it?" "Now!"  And of course, they will demonize the incumbent as being the next worse thing to the literal devil and will make big nationally deals about stuff they are allowing even if that opposition party is the party that implemented and enforced that policy first.
Doug, you forgot to mention that the Cybertruck can disconnect it's steering column! Cause it has NONE! Otherwise, excellent video as per usual.
Bro love you content but please don't call my boi elon insane he's a stoner and his mind is just creative 😂😂
The truck is the ugliest vehicle  ever made. It's not worth the money. I don't know why people think this is a cool truck. People who are buying this truck are just  showing off  that they have money to get one.
Doug is just the type of guy
0:00 cybercrap, cybercrap, cybercrap 13:07 OMG! IS THAT E34 M5??? 13:23 cybercrap, cybercrap, cybercrap
The only Cybertruck review we actually want to watch.
I didn't really know how much of a Tesla fanboy Doug was.
It’s not cool. End of story.
The dress sense 😂
That windshield wiper looks like it would constantly flap in the wind as you drive
The Cybertruck is a great truck for anyone that doesn’t really need a truck.
I’m surprised that this vehicle doesn’t have cameras in place of side view mirrors. I’m not surprised at the range (still not enough), and no doubt the recharging time is still too long. Bottom line, this is the ultimate vehicle for those who place trendiness over common sense.
Such nice when these cameras get covered with mud. This is not really a car for non-ideal conditions. Imagine being hit with the car btw, insta death😅
damn, i tried to think it was cool, but it really sucks. the sides of that truckbed are going to get fucked up. but i mean, nobody who buys this is using it to haul anything, same goes for most people who buy pickups in general . so whatever
Doug please stop doing your videos in the Doug dungeon. I don’t think I’m the only one that misses the old outdoor videos
more fool than cool...
The way the cargo cover blocks the rear view completely should not be legal.
This thing aged so bad. Looks already obsolete
Doug has not just drunk the Kool-Aid, he is GUZZLING it!!!!
Doug seems like a guy who enjoys quirks and features
The Pontiac Aztek and DeLorean DMC-12 had a baby…… I wonder if it can still go 88mph though 😆
"cool".   there is a reason i stopped watching this channel. carry along
I am jealous of your concrete car holding bunker. Really! Wish I had one.
Always enjoyed your reviews.  But damn man, what are we doing here? This thing is hot garbage....review over, done.
Looks hideous from the outside no doubt built to usual tesla standards 😂
from the front it looks like armored vehicle from ALIENS movie
But what are the basics?  It is not a cool truck, it just looks like crap.
looks 100x better with a wrap
Low poly truck
I cant stand to watch this guy more than a minute or two at a time. I just click through timeframes to get pieces. His voice is annoying, his presentation is annoying, what he says is annoying, even high praise he gets from the comments section is annoying. Just an overall extremely unpleasant experience.
Imagine disliking Doug's video because you are not a fan of the truck 😂
looks like doug votes democrat!!! what a shame.....................
Elon is not insane.....hes a genious and humanitarian......
It might become like the hummer in the early 2000’s..
That thing is ugly and has none of the qualities I like about trucks..lack of ground clearance,lacks in field of view over cars and suvs, lacks towing capacity, lacks hauling capacity, basically a sad mislabeled money grab for bttf fans..two  big thumbs down!
Saw one of these on the main thoroughfare in my town just yesterday, it's quite an experience seeing one in the wild. As a weekend off-roader, I'd say yes... but not as a standard work truck or daily driver.
Dude your camera focus almost made me blind
I think the R1T looks like if a Nissan Figaro was an ugly truck
I'm buying it because it's a Tesla. I've been waiting to buy a truck for a long time because I'd rather not pollute. I'm excited to get it :-D
"People are buying it to be cool." Far be it from me to be the arbiter of cool, because I’m decidedly not that myself. But if you’re buying this thing to be cool….boy, could your money be better spent trying to hit that target in a seemingly endless number of ways.
Finally, the AMC Pacer can rejoice!
the truck does not comply with European safety requirements - corners to be rounded for pedestrian protection
This is the only positive review that I’ve seen so far
You meant “side mirror.”
Tesla is actually a TEXAS company now, thanks to Commifornia’s draconian treatment and regulations of businesses. We appreciate the gift.
Ima swap a big block Chevy 496 if I ever get ma hands on it
Doug boldly claims that MB has better driver assistance than Tesla. Would he consider doing a video with a side by side comparison, as there really is very little driver assist comparisons done on Youtube. Not his usual style, but it would be pretty unique.
The cybertruck is hideous 😂. I prefer the Pontiac Aztek lol
this thing is really fast because it avoids radar, and the cops can't detect how fast you are moving.
It’s just plain Ugly!
cool is subjective. i dont like it
don't drop steel balls on its windows
How much did Elon Musk pay you?
Cyberjunk.
Cybertruck. The new Hummer for the Look At Me crowd.
Here me out.....Back to the future reboot!
Didn't Doug and a group of others just trash this thing after someone brought one to a cars and coffee a couple of months ago saying it had the appearance of a prototype and not a final production version?
Thank you for calling out the fact that Elon Musk is insane! You have a viewer for life now lol.. too many teslabros
The Cyber Truck looked stupid when it was drawn on a napkin and that continues to today in full production,,, it still looks stupid. I wonder if anyone working for Elon Musk told him that it looks stupid, or were they too scared to tell him that? This shows what you can do when are one of the richest persons on the planet.
Elon needs to lay off the psychadelics
Paying more for minimalism
That is a lot of fossil fuels needed to build, maintain and run that truck, thank God for fossil fuels and little Chinese hands
Terribly ugly and electric... You couldn't pay me enough to drive that monstrosity
Damn, imagine the screen stop working or somebody broke the screen. How to shift gear then lol.
To me, it's ugly and not cool.🙂
If Minecraft was a truck.....
If you like it you're wrong and dumb
BIG DISAPPOINTMENT. I COULD STRETCH FOR THE PRICE BUT THE MILAGE PROMISED DIDN'T EVEN COME CLOSE...
This truck looks like a brick.
Front "grill" is slightly curved for aerodynamics
Doug the type of guy to hype the biggest automotive scam of the modern era.
Looks like something from Robocop.... I'll pass. Pretty sweet movie though......
That car is horrible
It looks hideous
Trash car by a ego maniac Trash founder
Don't mind me I'm just having a seizure waving my arms around
A vehicle like this is not made with others in mind.  Why does a 7000 pound truck need to accelerate so fast?
Saw one in Minnesota.
Weird, it's the opposite for traditional trucks, the tonneau cover reduces mileage, the open box creates a bubble that   allows the air to flow better for  less resistance, gaining mileage
Doug always looking like the inflatable tube man behind the Tesla with all the body motions. Who agrees?
Doug is the type of guy to get paid thousands of bucks to say good things about product that sucks.
Just look at the first 10 seconds, then go back, look at it again. Just what kind of person acts like that? Nobody. Not, unless they are paid to promote. It's disgusting.
What a waste of corporate resources...  Looks like a modern delorian... aka junk.  People that buy these should pay a tax due to the ridiculous weight and extra damage a vehicle this size does to the road and the damage it does to the environment.
It's a toy car.
Great video but I think it’s worth mentioning Cybertruck is from Texas
Can't wait to see the Gauntlet episode.
Very detailed
The glove box is still a glove box it just has a new name and it is open and closed by using the central touch screen in the centre of the dash.
Yikes…insane is a great word!!!  Not in a good way!!!
Do the bed cover controls lock? Could anyone in traffic press a button on the truck's tail press a single button and open your cover or even your tailgate while in motion? How much force do these buttons need to operate? Could a falling pebble operate those buttons?
"Took delivery today, AWD. made it 1 mile down road, started getting steering error, flashing red screen, pulled off side of highway now the truck is dead and I’m waiting for a tow truck," they said. "Dealer couldn’t do anything for me. It was great for 5 minutes. tried everything, restarting, screen is stuck black and keeps beeping."  "Tesla really rushed these trucks out, what a nightmare," they concluded.  But hey they are “cool”…
this car is abysmal
What I would say about this truck in particular and all Tesla vehicle in general can go like  “THISSS, is, plain COMEDY. I love your reviews but this one I don’t agree with you on this truck being an upscale to anything. The design is different by being ugly and the materials it’s made of especially the interior is used by 10,000 dollars cars or maybe less. This thing is a joke.
Looks rusted already
Thisssss is a super space ship cyber Truck 🛻 🛸 😅😅😅😅😅
Great video Doug
So what’s stopping a pissed off pedestrian/cyclist from opening the tailgate right before the lights turn green?
Love you Dog but these background and lighting is rough! Bring back the parking lot filmimg🙏
I hate it. I hate teslas. I’ve drive hundreds of them at my job. 🤮
Tesla must have have approached retired Volvo engineers for help with the design.
Ok but what can it store in the trunk? Sometimes you need open space, does it open??
It’s crazy to even think that the most hyped up vehicle is as ugly as this thing is and in fact I think it’s just overhyped to be honest in my opinion. It does look neat and definitely looks unique and a totally different design from almost everything else. I just think that it’s really ugly.
A military tank is ' ugly '.An AK-47 is "ugly", A Jeep is "ugly" . An Apache helicopter is ( really ! ) ugly, Rat rods are "ugly"  "Apparently, ugly is masciline" The last time that a truck was made 'pretty' was the mid 1990s Ford F-150 with it's rounded curves.  People said it looked too feminine.  This truck is taking the "I'm a macho alpha male " look to the extreme.  I think it's damn clever, because it is carering to the majority of truck buyers that just want something to make them appear 'scary'  as they drive to the grocery store.
Glad to hear it is a success.  I want to get the Cyber truck lite version in 2028.
Most awesome refrigerator ever
Oof… those panels.
We need a Doug garage review I wanna see what he drives
🤔🤔🤔 Thank God you’re NOT named Doug Musk. Otherwise I would have had to wait 3 more years to watch the reviewed Cibertruck. 🤨🥴🥴
I swear to gos I had a dream about this same car back in 2012-2014
❤
Damn, not even cars are safe from Day one patches and DLC.
This was filmed in a garage to keep the vehicle from rusting. 😂
Boo!
Were the tires built for this vehicle?  The have a very angular design.
I love that a "futuristic" truck has about 10,000 points of failure.
The more Doug talks about this, the more problems I see with this whole thing. It's horribly dangerous for pedestrians, looks like it'll be tough to open your doors during winter, the range sucks yet it uses a ton of power (have fun paying for that), it's an absolute behemoth yet it has horrible cargo capacity (have fun driving it in a tight downtown area), it rusts extremely easily, costs too much for its capabilities, has confusing brake lights and is dangerous for other drivers, has poor visibility, Jesus Christ I can keep going if I actually cared enough too. What a waste of resources.
Oh god it's ugly. Not only that but all Teslas I've been in feel like they were not built by a car company, but maybe a kid with some Lego.... But cheap Lego so it's all a bit wobbly😅 I can't see this one being different.  I'm definitely not excited by this, but for some reason felt compelled to watch and comment on a video about it.  Overall that makes Tesla a success. Just like X.
If cars could take a Big-5 personality test, this truck would score a 110% for trait extraversion...
Besides the fact that it was designed by someone with a mental age of 9, with crayons. It is likely to be banned in the UK and many other European countries because of safety concerns. Proportions & safety. There are regulations regarding the front-end dimensions for UK cars. The Road Vehicles (Construction and Use) Regulations 1986 (as amended) set out a number of requirements for the design of vehicle front ends, including: 1) The front end of a vehicle must be designed to protect pedestrians in the event of a collision. This includes the provision of crumple zones and deformable structures. Fails. 2) The front end of a vehicle must not project more than 3.05 metres (10 feet) beyond the front axle. The only thing it seems to pass on. 3) The front end of a vehicle must not be sharp or angular. Fails. 4) The front end of a vehicle must not have any protruding parts that could cause injury to a pedestrian. Fails
Wash it with gasoline, seriously. 😅
I just can't.
Doug is the type of guy to wear khaki shorts and a t shirt while reviewing a terrible vehicle.
infiniti used steer by wire like 10 years ago i’m pretty sure
I have some Questions per community guidelines.  *1. What are the stats for this Ev in regards to the Batteries Spontaneously catching fire?* *2. Does this vehicle suffer the same issues of electric doors and windows being unusable if the power goes out or there is a short?* *3. Does this Vehicle Trap Passengers inside like some of the other Evs when power is lost.* *4. There are Videos online of people being trapped in Burning EVs like my previous questions mention.  Is this an issue with this EV as well? Or did they make it so you can open the doors manually without power? Roll down unbreakable windows if power is out?* *5. I am curious how the flybywire steering works if the Electrical System Dies while driving. Are you still able to steer the EV if that happens while driving at 60 mph? I don't know how the steering system works in a situation like that.  🤔 Anyone know the Answer?*  That's it for my questions.  I have seen videos showing its built quite rigid so I am curious about these other aspects.  I personally I don't like the way it looks but thats minor. I worry about The Dangers of EVs catching fire while parked, in Home Garages, while being Driven, while being Transported by Ship, Semi etc.    The Concept of EVs is cool but not practical in most places.  If there are 100-300 million + EVs sold each Year. What the hell are we supposed to do with ALL THE DEAD and DYING EV BATTERIES THAT WILL PILE UP?   Also they are NOT Practical in Cold Climates. The Range is Drastically cut in extreme cold -20°c to -45°c which is very common in the Winter  North of USA.  Then there is the Batteries. Where is the Electricity to Charge the Batteries supposed to come from?  Elon said years ago his Tesla Charging Stations would be powered by renewable like Solar etc. Yet when you look into those claims. None of them Appear to have been met or even TRULY Attempted to be met.  Currently the North American (USA & Canada) Electrical Grid is powered mostly by, Nuclear, Fossil Fuels and Hydro Electrical Dams.  If everyone switched to EVs by 2030-2035 the Entire North American Power Grid  (Canada and USA) would fail.   There would be constant rolling Blackouts. They are even trying to get rid of Natural Gas for heating homes at this time. Does that seem smart to you? Let's put every house on Electricity for Heating too. Definitely won't cause any added problems.  Guess I had a few more then 5 questions  lol.  I am for sustainability BUT I don't support Agendas with ZERO actual thought put into *"if it will actually work first and HOW to Accomplish it."*  Curious as to others thoughts on these questions.  Oh, one last question.  Anyone seen the Cool Hybrid Electric Logging Truck Designed in British Columbia, Canada? Pretty freaking cool in my opinion.  Now that's truly using your brain to work through a problem and make it Sustainable and ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY! Less Throw Away and More Reusability!
The windshield and dash angle reminds me of the Olds Silhouette he drove a while ago.
The cybertruck is plain hilarious it looks like a low poly Sega 32X sprite
Tesla Cybertruck Không đẹp bằng VF9 VINFAT  tôi đùa thôi rất độc đáo
Maaaaaaaan
The sharp panels slices up the cyclists and pedestrians you didn't notice behind the A-pillar. And if there is still anything left of them then the frunk can go hungry Hippo on them 🦛
It’s really sad that people drive pickup trucks to take their kids to the school and buy groceries just to look “cool”, compromising everbody elses safety in case of an accindent.   If SUVs were bad, these will be really bad.
Nexxia 2 legenda Uzbekistan😂
Quirckest, but also, ugliest vechicle, ever!...
Musk: Ok guys I had a great idea for a new vehicle, an electric truck! Engineering department: OK great, like something with a utility driven design? Musk: Well, no. I want it to look like this sketch I did last night while watching some 80's & 90's futuristic movies. Engineering department: OK... well that's a great starting point let's see what we can do with that as an inspiration. Musk: No, I want it to look EXACTLY like this sketch.  Engineering department: Well, it's not going to be easy to make that road worthy or practical. Musk: Just make it happen. It'll be so cool, people will line up to buy it. If we try to make it safe or practical it'll look like all those other trucks out there.
My OCD needs the tyres lined up properly
Before any review it would be good to know if the reviewer (Doug) recieved any freebies from the mfr- free travel, luxury hotel, free meals, etc- or other unseen “perks” that might sway the opinions… be transparent and the trust level goes up.  Otherwise, be skeptical…
Man i love this guy
boring interior as all Tesla and EV's in general. Bring back physical buttons and switches, make interior interesting and practical, please.
Thumbs up if you find the Doug podcast photo adorable 🥰
Finally
Doug DeMuro, This made me laugh so much! Thanks for sharing!
"there are no curves on the whole truck" (ignores curved windscreen base and scuttle)
it look even worse lowered xD AND IT RUSTS!
This is the sort of thing that comes about when the designer has way more influence than the engineer. The entire vehicle is wildly impractical, to the point that it is functionally useless. All these ‘clever’ features count for naught when the fundamentals are non existent.
This……….is a moron.
…..if you say so. I think most Tesla’s are “cool” and “neat” but this thing?… Sorry, I think it looks like a boxy clown shoe. 🤡    I think Elon and his companies have jumped the shark. *I* like him and many of the things he has done, I love what he did with Twitter/X too but I just don’t think his companies are still making “The Hits”. John DeLorean came out with amazing cars like the Pontiac GTO and he was considered “hot” in the auto industry, then he came out with the DeLorean car that was a commercial flop (but still cool thanks to Back to the Future) and soon he was trying to do ‘nose candy” deals to keep the company afloat. Like I said, I think Elon has jumped the shark.
It is a terrible "truck"
Cybertruck don't need side mirrors too.
An insane person? Hmmm, not sure that applies.
Cybertruck isn't available in Europe because it's not safe to be used in traffic.
Doug the type of guy still wear 2 shirts
@5:55 can someone teach Tesla guys how to mount the tire correctly ? The red dot on the tire must allied with the air valve… that’s why they put that dot… less weight at that area of tire
This car was driven by Sigourney Weaver in the 1986 film _Aliens_
Just plain fugly.. Someone in Chattanooga TN has one so i got to see it in-person and it just looks cheap.. Like something you'd see in  a futuristic low budget 1980's rip off of The Road Warrior.
I legit wouldn’t drive this if it was free. Uglier than the H2/H3 OG and Aztec (practical)
the lugnuts are circular lol
“Cool” is in the eye of the beholder I guess. This thing is ugly.
The end part looks like unfinished design 😂
More than 1 out of 10 people Disliked this; that's rough for a Doug DeMuro video. lol
The cybertruck is giving velvet and veneer from trolls 3 art style
Rapid better
23:18 the rear view mirror showing the blood of all the people who have made "Doug the type of guy..." comments. He will find all of you eventually.
Respectfully Would love a video in between a short and 39 mins
It's so funny to call this "minimalist." It is a maximalist assemblage jammed full of extractive resources.
I don't know I think it's just plain ugly.
17:50  Y'know what's funny is my Dads car had that same exact design with the little side windows on the A pillars.. A 2009 Suzuki SX4 compact suv.. I think the sedan versions had it too actually..
misses there is no speedometer instrument panel, everything is on the center screen
Doug, the type of guy who thinks a washing machine runs on 220VAC
I still don’t see how anyone would want to buy that car
Weather or not a truck is any good depends on how you intend to use it. To me, it's just another tool. I want the most practical truck for my construction business. I don't give a damn about how it looks. Definitely not a fan of Tesla's sloped bed sides - would make putting anything over the side or getting something out of the front of the bed an extreme annoyance and would really piss me off.  If I can't put a 4 x 8 sheet of plywood on the floor of the bed and close the tailgate - useless for my purposes. I punctured a gas tank on a F150 on a rough site - the replacement was about $1,935. To replace the Tesla battery back itself with all modules in it would be around $16,000.  A windshield for a Ford F150 will cost about $700. while the Cybertruck retails for $1,900.  I know it's because of the electronics in the Tesla glass but how do those electronics help my carpenters put more money in my pocket? Now we also have to factor in insurance costs. Insurance companies are steadily raising their rate for EV's because of the ridiculous repair costs. Let's face it, the Tesla truck doesn't seem like it's going to be a long term player in the construction business. More like a novelty item for those that would use it for anything other than your run of the mill pickup.
We saw one Saturday in Ofallon, Mo
Stupid car
I don't think it looks cool at all
From Kenya. I love Doug's reviews always dressing simple but driving iconic cars. Am a car enthusiast and most cars that he reviews I have never seen them but makes it feel realistic.
fyi, the steering angle is reduced when at highway speeds so the truck doesn't jerk around on small movements.
All Tesla Truck 🛻 owner 🤡
My neighbor has one and it’s OK. It feels a little smaller than an F150 but it’s basically a Tesla wagon. I have an F350 tremor that I paid $40,000 less for and it does so much more.
My dream car ☺
That thing is ugly I wouldn't let grandma drive it!
Not coming to Europe. Good
The Cybertruck is the vehicle you own if you want to be the joke of the town... What an uncool vehicle...
My GOAT🐐
The A Pillar in my ‘05 SUV almost caused me to run someone over.    It made me realize that being a pedestrian in a cross walk can be dangerous.  😮
The Easter Egg is hilarious.  Elon has a great sense of humor.
That steering wheel made me want to order a Zachary’s pizza…  😬…
Have fun paying for a overpriced junk giant brick 😂😂😂😂😂
Front window corner is curved 😃
I don't get it, is this guy a shill or just a moron?
The fact that Doug is more hype over this crap and not the Granadier really goes to show how far we've fallen. I like Doug. I really do, but just judging from the comment section and also thr video overall, really goes to show that there's no such thing as car people anymore. Truly sad, I was hype over the cybertruck at first but looking at it from a real perspective and even from a "cool factor" perspective,  it really isn't cool at all. It's mind blowing to me that Doug had a range rover and other cool SUVs yet likes this much better over the Granadier, it just doesn't make sense to me and quite frankly, I don't know if I trust Doug's opinion anymore.
havent watched u in a while and i come back and you have your all time favorite car the carrera gt. actually beyond happy for you thats how you know you really made it. keep posting the best car review videos on yt.
For those who love Tesla miracles, the cryptocurrency $BOME [BOME Coin] is currently going UP and could have LIMITLESS money for all people here RIGHT NOW!
The Cybertruck is so ugly, and Elon Musk is so unlikeable, I just can't use the word "cool" for this vehicle. It is indeed groundbreaking in many ways, but I can't stand seeing this thing around.
Nothing like a good old rounded, circular dog pet 😂. Great review, cheers from Spain, Doug!
That is the ugliest care iv ever seen in my life
It's painfully obvious that Doug DeMuro knows absolutely nothing about what's cool.
You missed a cool Quirk when the front windows are lowered all the way down there is a silhouette of the cyber truck
This guys voice and cadance is what black comics use to do the white guy voice
why is he talking like that?? it feels like next moment he is choking to death...
Thanks!
Im so lucky im livin in europe, so i will never see this shitbox irl.
Nothing cool there...That monstrosity is ugly. In 20 years you'll see these things abandoned and sitting on the side of the road! "We were stupid back then"
12:45 and how do i open the door when the batterys are dead?
not a hater, but the cool factor will go down rather quickly
Please review the Pantera and Mangusta.
I think Doug makes enough money now to give us a POV driving experience instead of staring at his face the whole time.
damn  i didnt know the word 'egress' existed, you always learn something new
Watch Law Enforcement begin using the Cybertruck to patrol the Highway 😅
cool factor 10?
Doug is the type of guy to make this vehicle look small.
Acceleration 37:06
Why are you saying toneau like that?
Whats with the dislikes?
How is the CT less practical than the R1t.  CT is larger, way larger bed, less maintenance and you don't have to be careful about the paintwork. It's turning circle is smaller and way easier to handle with steer by wire.
10:27. You mean Dryer. Washing machine uses the standard receptacle.
Nope, don't get it. Far too much reliance on technology we all know will go wrong in months. Those door handles are a joke, the rear view mirror. Absolute madness
This hideous thing is cool if you have no taste, if you hate comfort and beauty.
I can’t believe you are not watching my videos 😮😢
I can’t believe you are not watching my videos 😮😢
Very ugly design
This is the dumbest vehicle ever made
88mph and you can out run the terrorist with a rocket launcher
meme on wheels
I love the minimalism
yawn. what a fanboy.
Seems like Tesla or an enemy can take control of all their cars at once. Scary.
Ai Dog
Love it. Finally something totally different and interesting. All the truck boys looking the same
Wait - is it "CYBERTRUKK"?
I want to see you park that 8 foot wide monster in a space between two other cars. So “cool” you can’t.
Cool factor 10?   Doug shouldn't do these reviews high anymore.  I finally saw one for real and all I could do was laugh.
im mad i never heard Doug say "brawny"
'We should've stopped all the discussion about stupid stuff like towing capacity and start talking about cool it is' Mmkay Doug, mmmkay
money talks heh
Nothing else like it *yet*
Is it on sale in Europe?
That is one sharp appliance, literally!
If Michael J. Fox did car reviews this is close!
I'd like to see the expanded version of the Doug Score again. I liked hearing the reason behind each scoring point.  It was one of the things I liked most about his videos.  The condensed version is good but not as engaging.
If this is the further, I would rather go back to 2000s🙂🙂
🤣🤣🤣 they put wiper vertically to aid range!!   That will really make the difference to  this object with aerodinamics of a brick
🗑️🗑️🗑️🗑️
What a garbadge, bulit to To understand how stupid a customer can be
Anyone who spends 90k to “look cool” is a jackass. Personally I would only buy a truck pull and haul have the militia to do so over long distances. This truck does not meet with that requirement. do you want to go I drove my Ford F series with a car hauler 1500 miles in two days. Not do that with us. The number of stops and the length of those stops would be exhausting.    Wild dog is correct that a lot of truck buyers may not use their bill goes to Towing Hall, plenty of them do because the option is there.  Just like the new vw “bus”, I believe that everybody that wants one of these will buy it in the first year or two.
so it basically has forza steering
This thing is an optical war crime.
Don't by a car if it does not have physical buttons. Its not luxury any more. you know what I mean. Tesla started a bad trend and who ever follow will end up in the same way.
Finally a truck, where you can drive around and look for your taste in trucks.
u late dude
Been waiting for this
John DeLorean would be proud 😊
This is the most useless vehicle ever.
In the 90s, we had dustbuster vans, now we have a dustbuster truck.
I like how nobody minded or cared about Elon before, but the moment he bought Twitter and ended the one sided propaganda stream, and showed that he doesn’t follow the social dogmas and accepted narratives, suddenly he’s “insane” and a bad person. Funny how that works
Cybertruck is the type of truck to have a Doug Mode as a feature.
This is thing is a moving OSHA violation and I love it
what now? first day patches for cars?
GM Dustbuster van of pickups
Objectively te worst car ever made lol
Has anyone done Uber with the Cybertruck yet?
This looks like a house drawn by a kindergartener
I really don't understand how this is legal. It's so dangerous that car with all those sharp edges.
Elon Musk to Jeff Bezos:  : "I bet you a billion dollars I can design the ugliest vehicle ever and they'll still buy it"
Musk took one look at a Gran Turismo PS1 3D model and said "would"
If i had a cybertruck i'd wrap it to look like a brick😂😂
Doug: "This may cause some Cybertruck Pedestrian issues"....  The guy who killed a woman while working on his laptop and driving with activated FSD: *heavy breathing"
like all teslas, the cybertruck looks like a pain in the a** to live with.
Its everything but cool my Doug. A heap of junk.
I mean, i always said it lacks any design or creativity like most of  the modern art, but after watching this i am affirmed in my position that this is one of the most ugliest vehicles i have ever seen
Is cool how hideous is spelled nowadays?
If Doug reviewed the top of the line CyberBeast, Acceleration would be a 10/10, making the Doug Score 75, and the highest ever. Wish you would have. Maybe some animosity towards Tesla?
Focus at 14:47 there is a nail inside the tire
Eww
You should review a 1911 Daimler next
gay truck
THIS!!!!!
The CyberTruck is cool when it's not rusting or being a constant road hazard due to the kinds of customers that are buying it.
Video idea: Doug Demuro reacts to the comments section cuz these are hilarious
The raptor can't tow either....
A lot of focus breathing in this video.
Is vehicle is an abomination.
Ok shaggy...
a lot of money/wealth out there pushing out garbage
Took the ugliness of the Aztec, the cringe “high tech” gimmicks from Tesla and made a horrendous bozomobile, anyone that buys one of these is just openly admitting on the road that they’re a tool and major Elon bootlicker
The actual clown mobile
Elon musk is insane huh.  Unsubscribe
They look waaayyy better in person.
just plain stupid. made by idiots for an idiot worshipped by other idiots.
As we say in Yorkshire England it's shite
Ironically, most (if not all) top trim ICE pick-up trucks have a screen in the rear view mirror connected to the rear camera.  They don't need it, but it's useful and they have it.  The Cybertruck NEEDS it and certainly SHOULD have it, but it doesn't.  Putting the rear view camera video on the center screen with all the other 482 things crowded on there is just needlessly stupid.  Tesla producing a high-tech truck that omits a critical piece of easy and useful tech seems like an almost petulant decision, which makes me think Musk was the impetus.  It's unfortunate, really.  I still like the thing, but at this point it's just too much money.
Stupidest vehicles ever to come out
Doug is the type of guy that creates a score table that looks like a European Football (Soccer) standings table.
I like his reviews, but as I am watching this before I go to sleep, his over energy is really distracting.
Truck? what truck?
Two things that should always be mechanical in a car:  1. Steering  2. Brakes  That is the downside of the steer by wire.
Cybertruck is the UGLIEST, AND MOST POINTLESS vehicle to ever be designed. PERIOD.
"plain cool" doug this thing is horrid. you fell off.
Doug is the type of guy to get “Doug is the type of guy comments” on a video about the most anticipated car of the year
Can we give Lexus the credit for this steering mechanism, I’m pretty they did it first and I can remember the failure of the yoke so I’m guessing the tesla has gotten their inspiration from Lexus
Ia guillotine roulant 😂
This thing sucks
"The six guys in my neighborhood who own Ford Raptors..."  Dude, you live in Southern California; who cares what you think about trucks.   Are you reviewing cars in California, or are you reviewing cars in general; you need to make up your mind.
Looks like a Pontiac Aztec that aged 20 years
All I can say is: ‘cool’ is definitely a subjective term 😂  There’s definitely some cool - as in excellent - technology in the Cybertruck… 48V systems, steer by wire (slightly terrifying admittedly, but I used to say the same thing about radar-cruise control) etc. But looks? I suppose all that matter is that enough people with enough money think it is cool. I suspect there will be more people looking at those people thinking otherwise, though.
god this is one the worst cars ever made
Is that a dent in the hood?
It’s just plain gay .
47 years ago I made a truck out of cardboard. They stole my design. I was 10.  Too much hype over several years yields the most impractical vehicle being sold.
Edges that can “draw blood.” “Less light comes on when you brake.” No rear window with tonneau cover closed - which it usually is. Terrible blind spots. Frunk can chop off fingers. This … thing … is a personal injury lawyer’s dream.
The steer-by-wire sounds a lot like BMW Active Steering.
Is this worth it
It is the only electric car I would consider buying.
The most disgusting car design.
Doug is terrible at hiding his disdain for Elon Musk😂
7000 pounds?!?!  The environmentalists should despise vehicle weight more than they despise gasoline.  It gets a pass because it's electric.
That thing is Chelsea Clinton ugly.
This officially replaces the Pontiac  Aztec and the ugliest vehicle ever made.  It is not "cool" at all, but it is "special".
biggest money pit 😂what a waste of money
Doug listening to surfer blood
what do you have to say about the steering-by-wire of the Lexus?
It's all new and fancy until!!!! It starts killing pedestrians with no pedestrian impact zones and all of its sharp skin slashing angles, there's going to be alot of law suits involving this tesla.
Youre never EVER getting full driving...another Elon Vaporware scam 😂😂.
Первый нормальный обзор
This thing is awful. Also what happens when the stainless steel bullet proof truck hits a Honda Civic ? Stupid and dangerous.
The absolute state of this thing. Another flop to follow the Tesla Semi down the toilet 🙄
Cool in a child’s fever dream of a design
Doug,The large outlet is 220v that would power your dryer or stove. Your washing machine would plug into the smaller 110v outlet
GTFO with an eight for practicality. Can’t see out of the back you can’t see out of the front you can’t clean your windshield or dashboard. Corners, edges and closing seams that can cut you. No one is going to tow or go off-road with it. The bed is damn near impossible to access from any angle. And it costs 100K. This thing is just an over styled oversized model Y.
5/10 on styling is.... Odd. Especially after you said was heinously ugly. Give it the 10 on cool factor, but styling should be a 1. It's downright offensively ugly. lol
I’d love to take Acid with Doug
Available in Europe? TÜV sagt nein!
Just received my email from tesla. The regular foundation edition is $99,990, where dis you see a price tag of $82k??
People....this thing is simply ugly and it's not because of any other reason but it's ugly....it's horribly put together...not a smart choice of material, dangerous on fingers, wheel covers that are currently being re-engineered, and bed cover button issues, APP issues, windshield wiper is grossly expensive, and the list goes on.   Good luck backing up with this thing!  If any other manufacturer produced something like this, they would go out of business....but yet, people say it's cool....sorry guys...I don't see it.  Just because it's crazy, doesn't make it good.  No way is it "King"  Sorry Doug....
So nowadays a 3 ton train station urinal is cool. Great
But ya...tell me again how the GX is "cartoonish"...
It looks like a tinfoil hat!
CHILLYPOP DROIDZ NEWYORK SHEEESH CYBERTRUCK MAKES ALL CARS LOOK OLD NOW! SHEEESH SHEEESH! STAY CHILLYPOP!
Delorean wannabe...
Enjoy it in California until it goes fruit ninja on the first pedestrian :D
Ghastly. It's like something out of Robocop.
Just saw one of these things in person. Pictures don't do it any justice. It's impressive in person. Still ugly as sin, but impressive.
Anyone notice the contrast here? I find this coincidence plain hilarious, but what are the chances of Doug reviewing two TOTALLY different cars for different use, audience, terrain and people. Both being still for offroading, hauling stuff, adventuring etc.  ...in their own way.   I'm talking about Ineos Grenadier that was featured on his last video. Which is a serious offroader, built for adventuring and customizable for all sorts of *gear*. With an arsenal of huge switches (which I love btw!) and even some extra ones for us who like to rig their things with lights etc. A vehicle for those of us who appreciate the rugged authentic beauty of a real offroader and don't even piss towards crossovers.   Cybertruck then again being mainly for showing off on tarmac and taking kids to football practice. With everything integrated to a huge touch screen and without a single physical switch in sight. Not even a gear selector. I'm also noticing a few design choices that are going to turn into problems in winter. Definitely not a choice for a man working on-site or in remote places. For me the front end design looks utter badass, no denying on that!
This guy is way too animated and goofy like he’s a crazy car salesman
That screen is bigger than the TV's we had in the 70's
Looks like a prop from a Saturday morning sci-fi kids’ show from 1975.
Tesla will lose huge money on this thing.
What did your favourite couple, walking in that neighbourhood, say about it ?
I still can not believe this is a real vehicle
Imagine being a pedestrian in a crosswalk getting run over by one of these. Good lord
What about neutral if it needs to be towed?
i think my favorite quirk and feature is the panel gaps!
Your review suck man compared to MKBHD, try to evolve or you’ll be forgotten. Your audience are not 5-8 years olds!
nice red E34 in the back, review it next!
Shifting of gears via display is weird. I don't understand this love to displays in new cars. In my opinion, some function are still better to implement on the old way, where you can just feel the button, instead of look on it
This is just plain stupid. The current world in a nutshell 🤡🤡🤡
Seen a few in South Florida. Not a single one wasn't tarnished and worn, and wow terribly fit.  Dear g-d who would buy this for any reason other than to be seen FIRST!
Coolest vehicle ever built!
Why does Doug sound sooo much like Dr Demento??? Wait... Demento... Demuro.... wow!!
15:40 was the best part,  unlike a normal curved dog, haha, but super cool feature
Was it designed by Lego?
I thought the voice control button was an office chair.
Such an idiotic car on so many levels. Ugly, unpainted, cheaply made, cheap interior, dangerous, full of stupid gimmicks, boring (apart from the styling).
Nobody should expect a bed step.  That is a new addition.  When trucks were made to be trucks and not "lifestyle vehicles" there were not bed steps because they expected the people who owned them to have some form of physicality.  Hit the gym.
Very good Video👍👍 i like the car because its so insane! And  something totally new and outstanding🎉
Doug the type of guy to review the most hyped car of the decade, but all of the comments on his YouTube video are about him.
The wheels look great.. imo
The panel gaps are terrible, and the whole body seems rushed and poorly fitted. Cool nevertheless
How did you not know about the roof gear shifter Doug? It's clearly a quirk!
The cyberurinal
Kitchen knife on wheels.
dumbest vehicle in human history. gives nothing it was promised, was late af and looks less finnished then a 1980s concept car.
Thanks, i hate it (Not the Video, the Truck)
Doesn't the US have type approval for pedestrian safety? This thing looks lethal.
The EU looking at the rear lights just shaking their heads
Doug Let's review the Honda Prelude 1988 4WS, it also had rear wheel steering for the first time in the world.
.. as stupid car as ppl who need to "wear it" ..
Previously in human history we had thing called sticks to use when things were too far away to access. I dont know what we will do now.
4:00 making a giant rusting triangle on wheels then putting the wiper vertically for aerodynamics
Yo can someone blast their cyber truck with fridge Magnets 🧲
Love it, to bad it wint be allowed on the road in the Netherlands.  Anyone wants to buy my first edition ticket? You can order your cybertruck with it today!
Doug is the type of Doug who is called Doug.
It's like a truck from the future
Please Doug, for the love of all that is holy, you seriously need to stop simping for Tesla.
everyone should point and laugh at this stupid thing, at least a Raptor is offroad capable
If SPACE 1999 had a moon rover it would have been a cybertruck.
Elon needs to give a couple of Cyber Trucks to some good ole boy rednecks with a few cases of beer and see what happens.
The cybertruck is today’s DeLorean. Someone needs to put a flux capacitor in it and go find Marty McFly.
Не, не могут они в дизайн. Всё какое то недоделанное, не минималистичное как предполагалось, а просто пустое. Нехватает где то линий, кнопочки, текстурки и тд. В салоне неуютно, хотя полно уже супер футуристичных и минималиачтичных салонов, но там в разы круче и комфортнее. Тачка чисто перед школьниками попантоваться из за хайпа неделю другую, и можно сливать, не заводит она.
yeah great review man 😂😂
Respected you until you called the cybertruck for "cool"
Aren’t these trucks rusting and getting stuck lol
Love your videos. Would be great to see shots of the cars on the road, we mainly see you driving, but no external shots with the car driving or cornering, or just moving through traffic. Wouldn't be hard to do and just a bit of extra editing.
You mention no curves aside from the wheels but what about the cams!
I waited so long for this video.
This “truck” makes a Chevy avalanche look like a truck 😭💀
Lol... there's no differential to lock... which is why there's no differential locks.
I can´t really agree with the Doug Score. This vehicle ist just plain ugly and embarrassing imo. I can´t imagine how somebody would think this is "cool" - it´s not
For me, I think the HUMMER is way cooler.
Dude dude, it’s a refrigerator on wheels…nothing more 😂
How is this vehicle can be sell and driven on the road regardless it doesn't feel safe for pedestrian but pop-up headlights banned because it can be danger to pedestrian 😅
Still like the Rivian better.
Tesla Auto Park | టెస్లా ఆటోమేటిక్ పార్కింగ్ | #trending #amazing #viral https://youtube.com/shorts/cPQ8mrWsR1Y?feature=share
How small does a man have to be to want a truck that big that can't carry anything? Living the American Dream.
Update the DougScore spreadsheet please. The R1T and Hummer EV still say 73 when in the video it says those have been downranked to 72.
When did DeLorean go back into business?
Damn i hope marty made it out alive
Nothing is going to age worse than this vehicle
Wait. Is this the first truck Doug has reviewed?
I thought I’d never see the day Doug reviews the cybertruck
Outside of knowing that production vehicles have to have wiper blades to be sold I never knew it had one. Never noticed it lmao
The wheels look better than the wheel covers.
Nailed it on looking cool and lifestyle. Absolute pedestrian, cyclist, and small car killer. Few people use their trucks as trucks, and it's really selfish with how dangerous they are, Cybertruck or not.
Literally the most badass looking truck of this century. Literally changing the game of how vehicles look
It looks like Doug has finally moved into his very own Bat Cave...
Roblox Approved
Back in the day you used to be able to swap out almost any part of your car by going to the junkyard, I guess that's all gone with the wind with these cyberthing
Would be cool to have a helmet or something like they do in fighter jets so you can see through the car would solve blindspot issues.
Chevy Avalanche has left the chat
Raptor guys be like: How much did Tesla pay you Doug?
this guy is a master at car review
youtuber C'J' on 32,s has one riding on 30', inch rims  just gotta see it to believe it''''''
I love seeing doug turn that wheel, rawr
I like the fractalized doggie. #karlnespas
I still don't see $110,000.00. I'll pass.
Rust bucket.
I dont know where you live, but where I'm from people cringe at this truck. Might be an age thing.
Electric DeLorean
Sorry Doug, but is electric, so automatically sucks.
THIS.. IS JUST DISGUSTING.💩💩💩💩
Elon is not a "crazy person" he is a genius...
Another feature that is not as evident as the drive-by-wire is the 48-volt architecture of the electrical system.   This allows Tesla to reduce copper use by 30% which benefits weight and cost.  Tesla has made it open-source in hopes other car makers will implement it as well.
Respectfully,  it's the ugliest thing on four wheels
Now you lost me with your ridiculous 73 out of 100. This is with out a doubt the ugliest vehicle ever sold! And if someone is dumb enough to buy it, then they deserve the loss they'll eventually suffer in depreciation.
THIS!!!
Doug is the type of guy not suitable for “Doug is the type of guy” puns.
No mentioning about the wade mode?
Doug didn’t even mention the whole sidewall of the tires is moulded like the wheel covers.
i think the wheels would look just fine if it weren't for how busy looking the tires are
Lol, how much are they paying you?
Elon is an undeniable genius. Only a genius can sell a car with a bunch of flaws to millions and they will be happy.
Why have you chosen to do more videos in a concrete dungeon?
Every decade there‘ll be an idiot who thinks a ‚futuristic‘ car would generate sales
We love cars that can just casually hurt you by slightly bumping into it.
So a guy with a thousand quirks reviewing a car with quirks?  SMH  How the heck did this specimen get 4.8 million followers? Wow! This guy is one strange fellow. Hunched over, over animated, and his voice cadence is very odd indeed. Kinda makes the truck normal.
It looks like something I drew when I was 4
Doug is also the guy to review a coffin on a car channel.....
@doug You called it heinously ugly but then proceeded to give it a 5 on styling. The Rivian has a distinctive and much more attractive truck. Sorry..that's why you have a separate cool factor. Deduct five points because it IS heinously ugly.
16:41 "most people wouldn't notice" Define Doug's channel in one sentence...
Having owned two Teslas at this point, I can tell you that their pursuit to make everything as minimalist as possible and put it all on the screen is annoying. For one, we've actually had the screen go out three separate times. The screen just went black while we were driving and it was even a little scary. You can't see your speed, you can't control the windshield wipers if it's raining. Secondly, not everyone owns two Teslas. So when you make the driving experience too different from a standard vehicle, then you can actually make mistakes in the other vehicle forgetting you're not in the Tesla and vice versa. We have a Model 3 and a Prius. Every car we've had has the windshield wipers on the right steering wheel stock. However, Tesla put the single-wipe windshield button on the left stock and the parking break on the right stock. I've had a couple of occasions where I'm backing out of the garage while it's raining and I'll push the right stock to clear the windshield and it engages the parking break while you're rolling. There are other examples of this, but this is the one that comes to mind. Lastly, it's just annoying to have to press two buttons on a busy screen just to open the glove box, or fold the mirrors or turn on windshield wipers. It doesn't improve the driving experience at all. Actually the opposite. I think this is our last Tesla.
Doug, you’re wack as hell. Just like the cyber truck.
Finally a meme car came to life, so wake up, samurai. we got a city to drive
no charm
Yeah
Yes
Imagine trying to use thing as a  truck wouldn’t last long 😆 looks cool bout it
Looks like a 1908 ModelT
List of Youtubers that will never change (thank God): Doug Demuro, LA Beast, Steve1989MREInfo. These men must be protected at all costs.
Horrible car
even if people don't like tesla (I'm indifferent to tesla, EVs, and the cybertruck personally, I prefer my Mazda's and my manual transmissions), the cybertruck is still extremely bold and at least a US car company has the balls to actually make something unique and creative / innovative. The big 3 are pathetic nowadays when it comes to innovation, excitement, unique cars, RELIABLE cars (not saying Tesla IS super reliable but a lot of the US manufacturer cars are attrocious in reliability), etc. they gave that all up for reduced risk and increased profits. I respect tesla more as a US auto manufacturer than any of the other big 3. Controversial or not this thing is going down in history as an iconic unique car of its time (and it really does emphasize the trends of nowadays, good and bad, like a snapshot of this era).
this might be the worst doug demuro video ever. and im a big fan of yours since 7 yrs or so. a car which has massive safety issues, has rust problems in less than a week, has delayed features after being delayed for 3 YEARS, is a big marketing lie AND it costs over 100 thousand dollars is the opposite of cool. the only people who think they are cool is the driver. A car which was extremely unreliable in the last few months really should not get an 8/10 in practicality.
Last time I watched Doug was a few years ago when he only had a couple hundred K. Good job on almost 5 million now!
It’s what a third grader would draw.
Just because it catches people's attention, doesn't mean it's "cool".
How many things can break in that thing? A million?
Can't wait for the Rust Brown version in Michigan!
Cool or not, it is UGLY! Come to think of it, ugly implies NOT COOL.
Andrew Camarata is getting one. I’m very impatient to see the Cybertruck doing some real work, especially regarding the whole thing being rust proof.
Tint guys in Florida finna hate life doing that windshield😂😂
Doug, the type of guy who dresses like he prefers tacky hubcaps over cast wheels.
the seatbelt is twisted in the driving scene and it is really bugging me
You cannot help people. They will keep dying in war, will agree in beeing exploited and buying overhyped miserable crap. You cannot help people, they are doomed.
That thing is quite frankly, ridiculous.
Note to self: don’t get run over by a Cybertruck
That's lots of dislikes from F-150 clowns
Man, that red BMW is gorgeous.
No Stalks 😱
Plain. Yes. Cool? No.
Came back after like 3/4 years...boy am I happy to see you do so well. I'll have a lot of catching-up to do :D
I think when it comes to ‘cool factor’ and ‘it gets so much attention,’ you have to factor in that some people are laughing at it.
More like plain uncool
7:23 looks like a Zamboni
Outdoor review looks less depressing.
Someone involved with this rolling joke has read 'The Emperors New Clothes'
Nah Doug, those wheels are fantastic.
That is just plain UGLY and useless. 🇨🇦
I've never seen anybody in any truck and thought they were cool.
they copy the ridgeline trunk, but don't copy the tailgate?
What was that little dance he was doing when he announced the pod? I thought he was ceasing up.
What an absolutely stupid contraption by a ridiculous company run by a lunatic with an oversensitve fanbase  .
no middle seat armrest in the rear seat?
First time seeing this guy. Subscribed but then 1:34 into this video it looks like he is a guy on speed trying to impersonate Hoovie from Hoovie's garage. Just look how he pops out from behind the car. Will scare children. Stopped the insanity and unsubscribed instantly. Say no to EVs and crack! 🤔🤔🤷🏻‍♂🤷🏻‍♂🤦🏻‍♂🤦🏻‍♂😂😂
I love it, can’t wait to get mine.
It's no Murano Crosscabriolet
no scratches, no dents - this is not only cool but functional and promotes resale value.
Pontiac Aztek >>>
Doug is the kind of guy who would cancel his doctor appointment because he's sick
I miss the 80s and 90s when companies sold affordable, practical vehicles.
Kind of reminds me of the Triumph TR7... The shape of things that didn't: come.
I think I would rather drive a Rivian. More functional and more refined. And, for me, the Rivian is far more attractive, and stands out without looking like a sci Fi movie prop.
re: angles and no curves look at the front of the truck.  It was on camera when you said there were no curves.
With the outlets  on this truck its like the food truck I always wanted😂
Everyone talks about how cool looking this thing is. Am I really alone in thinking it looks stupid? Not that it matters. I am clearly not the target demographic for this, not am I a fan of Tesla in general, through I own several EV from other brands. It is nice that they are finally available after years of delays and broken promises from Tesla... A common theme of this brand.
I would expect adaptive tint on the windshield, not some archaic sun blockers.
One must be mentally twisted in order to even consider this thing a car ... It's sickening  just to look at it and given the fact it's electric, it just breaks the disgust scale ... These things are repulsive by nature
3:30 These are called the side-view mirrors.
BEAUTIFUL, THANKS DOUG!!! 😊
You know they 100% thought about turning those scroll wheels hexagonal 🤣
Are you paid to give these reviews?  As you noted - major features are not even present like FSD; and so it is not a finished product and they have yet to make 2000 of them so it seems early to do a review particularly when the backorder is millions and anyone viewing couldn't recieve a new order for probably a decade. While I realize the Cyber truck is thought to be a bit thing - a big part of it is hype; so I would appreciate if you'd review only finished vehicles so you review the full product ability.
the cyber truck is the dumbest idea in automotive history
They should just have made the truck with only  90 degrees angles.  It would have been much cooler
Doug please check the score board...it is a bit off!
Doesn't look cool to me.
"Comes from a company run the by an insane person", truer words have never been spoken 😆
doug got the tesla paycheck huh 😢
There are Tesla logos inside the car. In the edges of the windows🤓😁
Two cool powers greet each other 😎
To clear the record. Dog is not composed of pixels (squares) but polygons (triangles) :-)
The ugliest car ive ever seen in my life. This soaring to the eyes. Absolutely horrendous. The "cool" will wear off once it has been mass produced & many ppl drive around with it. Then everyone will hate it
Homer Simpsons brother, Herbert powell, finally made a come back.
I get it, thanks to Doug!  It’ll be a while before I see one in the wild of Canada’s Capital City but, hey, we’ve just started seeing Rivian R1 vehicles here and, that’s the coolest vehicle on our stats for now!  Can’t wait for the R3 as that’s likely the best vehicle to replace my Elantra!
How about a review of that beautiful red BMW?
Doug is certainly right about Elon being insane. He took the look of a prison toilet and turned it into the Cybertruck. (apologies the the guy on some other YouTube channel I stole this from)
Teslas design is the dullest and laziest of any manufacture.. This one is definitely unique but it looks like something a 5 year old would draw after discovering a ruler..
What's that gorgeous red E34 ? ❤
Doug is the type of guy who thinks Elon Musk is insane.
what a weirdo
actually its just plain ugly
Cybertruckin' down the road. Haulin' gear and a heavy load. Juiced up last night, gone at daylight. Family is ready to see new sights. Plenty of room with some to spare. So much power, none can compare. A few hundred miles go by real quick. Back into the campsite nice and slick. Elon Musk once again made history. Innovative style and affordability. Driving is a pleasure unsurpassed. Never worry about the price of gas. People lined up to put money down. Now they'll charge up and cruise through town. Folks in the rust belt will keep that shine. The stainless body will last a lifetime. Make a desert run and have some fun. Jump the dunes and spin out in the sun. Climb down a steep hole and up the other side. There ain't no place where you can't drive.
soy
Why do they come from the factory looking dirty?
This is the new pontiac aztek.
Anyone else curious about the red E34 in the background?
Doug is the type of guy that would borrow a sweater from MR. RODGERS & give it back with a ketchup stain 😂
The way he talks is funny as hell.
Need to tow a CyberBoat on the back of it
imho,literally the oppoite of cool :)
This thing is a literal death trap but everyone seems to love it? Sharp angles all over, terribly huge blind spots, that materials and design puts both the driver and the other road users at risk. I believe we will be seeing many story’s of how this thing keeps killing people in accidents
Doug is SPAZZIN in this one lmfaoooo
Am I the only person who this this is awful!
Is this first Doug EV review?
This vehicle isn’t even a truck.  It’s a crossover.  I can’t believe it’s legal to have those sharp angles.  Trial lawyers are going to have a field day from accidents.
another podcast.....lmao
Am I the only one that thinks the Rivian is ugly af? I much preffer the Cybertruck's look
As a European, you can keep this in North America, while it looks cool, it is way too big and heavy, it's basically a tank and we've had a lot of tanks on the roads over here already...
https://youtu.be/lFloLGmPKl0?si=jvXMNt36fa49QBGL 🤔
There's nothing wrong with the truck. it's just that Tesla Over hyped it.. and that makes some people immediately dislike it and look for faults in it , even if it is an OK vehicle.  Most people don't  like a bragger or lair  and that is basically what over hyping is.  However the wireless steering is very disconcerting.. imagine you driving though a strong RF field and your steering start jittering or lagging
This thing is the epitome of our society thinking that something is better than what we had before in terms of engineering and quality but in reality it being far worse.   We have become a generation of unabashed arrogance covering up complete failure and disappointment.
If someone by accident smashes that screen, nice, you don't have gear shifter anymore.
34:20. That's some profound spit
This truck is a mix of 10s and 0s.
First positive thing I've seen about this heap of junk which everyone knows is a heap of junk. How much did Elon pay you to put "This Is Just Plain Cool" in the headline? Hopefully enough to finally get your F40.
I'm waiting for someone to jump out and say "April fools"
I wouldn't give Elon Musk 1 penny.
Doug points out dozens of useless details but the most obvious one and the first thing that demonstrates the attention to detail Tesla has is the tire fitment. It has custom tires made to match with the wheels. No doubt something the end user is charged for in the price yet the radial alignment of the block pattern with the spokes of the wheels is all over the place. Very surprising this was never audited at the factory and just a bit disappointing.
It is not going off road.
CYBER-TOILET
Meh... I don't like it at all. Thanks Doug
Calling Elon insane I just plain wrong just because he doesn't yield to the wok left.
Doug! Please review Nexo! I want to know your perspective on hydrogen cars!
I honestly could not watch this video fully without cringing..
Volga Gaz>>>>>  this refrigerator
Oh man it looks like crap.😅
This car already looks like it's 20 years old
hideous, impractical, cheaply made. hard pass
These are going to be banned in some states the first time they shred a pedestrian 😬
That's a dryer (or electric range) plug, not washer. Washers use very little power compared to dryers. It's actually for a high power charger for another electric vehicle. While we're back here, you can't have a functional light (brake, turn signal, headlight) on a moveable part of the vehicle such as a tailgate, door, hatchback, hood or trunk or frunk. That's why there's fewer lights when the brake lights illuminate but there are not just more lumens but more candela. In a nutshell, the lights that get brighter can also be seen from a greater distance as the angle of illumination gets smaller. Reducing the light bar makes the brake lights appear more brake-y..  The truck not only has steer-by-wire but also four wheel steering*, Doug. Remember that craziness? At low speeds the rear wheels turn in the opposite direction, up to 15 degrees as the front wheels so a smaller turning radius. At high speeds they turn in the same direction up to 5 degrees, so when you change lanes it doesn't rotate, it slides across the lane line. The steering also changes with speed, proportional percentage so that you move the wheel less the faster you go and if you try to yank the wheel over at high speed, it gets harder the faster you turn it. Oh and there is no spare tire. The Beast has alconterra (sp?) on the dash. *All 4 wheels turn left and right AND round n round.
Doug missed different size of rear and front wheels...
Most hyped talked about truck. That’s what EV owners want you to believe. Guaranteed it’s the most made fun talked about of truck in the last 10 years. The fact it’s called a truck is shameful. Its interior is gawd awful and looks like it was designed by a group of elementary students who regularly watch pawl patrol. I do t own a Raptor and not from Cali yet I still believe the RaptorR is much cooler and sounds much better and in 100% reality can do and accomplish much more than this so called truck Tonka Toy.
Good
thiths
People used to gawk at the elephant man; I'm not sure that necessarily made him "cool."
in first 10 seconds i knew he's an idiot
what a waste of moni
A stupid car made by stupid people with a stupid CEO.
What an ugly car.
The windshield issue is the same gm had in the 90's when there minivans came out.
I honestly really like it, and it is sorta just cool in its novelty, but I get the unappeal.
its an ugly lookin avalanch more or less most hidious lookin thing ive ever seen
The rear brake light is really bad. There will be plenty of rear end collisions with this vehicle.
I see the wiper though
Painfully ugly and dangerous for pedestrians.
Doug...GREAT REVIEW!  Cracked me up a number of times.  It amazes me how 'in tune' Musk is. The logo  in radical punk style, the broken window egg. He is taking the starch out of industry. Thanks 😅
The idea that the Cybertruck rusts and needs to be wrapped by Doug gives it the same quality score as R1T?   Cybertruck has no gear tunnel and no step to get into the bed and it has a higher features score than R1T?   Rear wheel steering is def cool but I’d love to know the reasoning behind that. Maybe it’s the 48v architecture? Or the charging specs?
I hate EV cars, I have no use for EV, driving long range in cold weather is the worst use case for electric transportation.  If Cybertruck would have delivered at the original estimated price I would buy one, this is the most amazing life size RC car I've ever seen.
Paraphrasing Doug in 2019 on Cybertruck announcement– “I dont see a market for a $70k pickup.” Paraphrasing Doug in 2024. “These are not gonna be rare for long,” and “The market has spoken!”  Seems to me like a certain auto expert should happily admit that he was incorrect. A good market for this vehicle only helps his cars and bids website.
Does it hace a spare tire?
its hideous
Good job.
If this had a v8 I would buy it
I love my Cybertruck but I get swarmed by people everywhere I go. I go to a bike rally and everyone is asking me questions, I go to a cars, coffee, and donuts event Saturday morning and instead of checking out the 2024 Lamborghinis people are all around my beautiful shiny Cybertuck. Even when I go get groceries and I park out in front people won't let me leave.
The visibility issue makes this fugly thing a menace. Safety regulators should take note.
I saw one on road, it’s weird
It will be a sad outlook for the auto industry if this thing is the “foundation” of future designs.  It’s hideous
As reviewed by the king of the nerds
Auto focus goin crazy at 3:02
where did you get that ? from stunt fx racing?
Everyone on the internet had confirmed it's terrible, Doug still thinks it's cool. :D
"The position of the windshield wiper improves range". That's the stupidest thing I've heard since the last time Justine Turdeau opened hi pie-hole. How incredibly stupid does someone have to be to believe that kind of idiocy?
So tired of Tech Boyz. 😞 just over them and their undeserving hype
Ive seen 2 of these now in an accident and they looked like they were made out of dollar store plastic they were mangled front ends cheap looking
Can't wait to see @cs188 YTP this
Based on your title of this vid I feel like Elon bought you on this one. Still love your reviews, but I don’t believe you here
I really don’t like how American vehicles have the indicator.. sorry, turn signal.. incorporated into the brake light instead of a separate light. Especially here where the lights bar turns off and then when you brake and indicate, only one small light is displaying the fact brakes are being applied?
Hastily assembled, uninspiring with angles no one asked for it's the Doug DeMuro of refrigerators 😐
‘The only curved thing are the wheels’.. you somehow missed the big curve of the bonnet front edge
Poor Doug. He drank the Kool-aid that Elon made.
how bout the cost of them tires, and, how long will they last?  The rub on EVs is the tires.
You missed a fine point about Tesla's steer-by-wire: The turning ratio changes depending on your speed. And the closing frunk will not injure you, as another YouTuber demonstrated unless a part of your body is near one of the hinges as it's closing.
Doug is replacing Land Cruiser with Cybertruck
Denis's music never stops getting better. A master at work plays a slow beat, surgically fusing vocal chops & spine chilling distortions of her sad song. Sound is truly otherworldly. music for angels
This is a meme car. Nothing else lol
God help you if you are a pedestrian who get hit or clipped by this truck,  your injuries will be horrific, even worse than a 'normal' truck, the American Government really does not give a damn about its citizens, anymore than Musk does. The bottom line is King.
A true abomination
Can't understand why this could be in the market in the safety first country, United States.  The sharp edges WILL cut a pedestran's body part like a knife  when collision happens.
"It's so cool" maybe I'm biased, but I think my gladiator is cooler than this monstrosity.
Ah, yes, I've been waiting for Doug to review the car from a PlayStation 2 game
Look like 💩
I work at a branch of Tesla, not in North America though. This is overly hyped and geared to target those people who simply want to get one to later brag that they got one. I drive a Mercedes Maybach s class instead. 😊
The cybertruck looks like a hummer. Not very efficient at 45 kwh per hundred miles. The Ford Maverick hybrid is a better truck and is more efficient.
Imagine trying to find a place for your air freshener in this truck.
It's angular for radar deflection
Its cool ?, thing looks like a crooked brick i would never buy a cybertruck
Just wait till it starts rusting
Ugly … Tesla garbige  , all eléctrico card garbige
"This"
Like all Teslas, this too looks so incredibly cheap all around.
Sorry Doug. That thing is a largely useless huge disappointment. Not cool in the slightest. Actually I'm sad that you are buying in to that nonsense. And I love ev's.
Doug is the type of guy that pees sitting down
Today I lost respect for you.
When I first saw this car on video, I thought it looked really ugly and weird, but i've started seeing these in person and I think they look really ugly and weird.
So we can have sharp angles but can have pop up headlights anymore? Shame lol.
I’m gonna be honest I’d still rather take a 1978 Chevrolet K 20 over a cyber truck. It don’t get much better than an old Chevy square body if you ask me.
I absolutely love this thing. I want one for yesterday and I don't give a damm about anything anybody has to say. Weird, big, crazy looking but a hell of a vehicle. you forgot to say that is kinda bulletproof and you can even jump on top of the tonneau cover without problem. definitely an amazing piece of  machinery for the modern times
Why would Elon be insane?
This... is the nastiest and most backwards car I've ever seen in my life!
And we thought G wagon and Range Rovers owners are D Bags wait till this hit the streets
'...has no differential locks and..', '...this will come by over the air update'. Well that means the truck already has a lot more building in but can not be accessed due to software limitation. Well that said, somebody already tried to hack the Cybertruck to unlock all already payed for extra functions?
its too damn big !
E34 eye candy in the background. Such a timeless and relaxed design
This atrocity, like all EV's is a dumpster fire. BTW-Where are the freezer and ice maker?
What's so cool about using the word, "insane," so "insanely" often? Well, nothing.   So then, this carnival-like harangue is not about the Cybertruck,  as opposed to it being about loud, obnoxious, uneducated blockheads.
As a european dat car is mf huuuge
this would be cool if they made it like an actual pickup truck.
TECHNOCRACY INC  INVESTIGATE THE SCIENTIFIC OFFERING  ENERGY CREDITS WILL RULE THE NORTH AMERICAN TECHNATE  ALL CARS WILL BE GREY.
Ah..sorry Doug, BUT! Buying a vehicle to be 'cool', is the actual antithesis of 'cool'
It is not safe for the environment, the surroundings. Greatings from Norway without spelling control.
This car is not allowed in Europe because of the pointy angels. They are illigal here.
I really love Cybertruck, because it's way better than the Hummer EV and the Rivian
One of those passed me on the highway and I didn’t know what it was. It looked like a cheap kit car. Then I heard it was a Tesla that explained it
Saw one of these on the street for the first time in santa monica..😮
Has a dent in the hood already 😂
This is the truck that storm troopers would drive to the rebel forces neighborhood to start some shat💩 polygon graphics for the dog on the screen is very late 90s Sega-ish😕 the "CyberTruck" door sill looks MIG welded. I like that fast ratio steering tho. How do you put it into neutral for the two truck ppl? 🤔 Can you lock the glove drawer? You know ... To ward off illegal search and stuff? 🤔 Why do electric wheel motors need a differential lock... Or a differential? 🤔 I think I'll pass and keep my 02 DODGE RAM 1500, 5.9L Magnum, Fossil fueled truck.
Not cool, gotta be the least cool car I’ve ever seen. Super duper ugly
Elon proved to the world it doesn’t take 500 years to build a pyramid and you can pay your slaves 🤷🏻‍♂️
still ugly
Go easy on the caffeine, Doug.
So when I try to sell this in a few years, I can make it into a gas grill?  Cool.
It’s more unique, more rare, but I’m not sure I agree with calling it cooler.
what a piece of junk. let's see it crash into a giant redwood doing 110.
Thats cute they calling it a truck lol
Dumb as expected
Not my kind of truck. It's too funny looking and has too many gadgets I don't need.
I am glad they made this truck but is is just stupid lol
Gimmick ev crap
This is just plain stupid. These monstrosities are already rusting, have horrible visibility and can’t even fit a mountain bike in the “bed”. This isn’t a truck, it’s a monument to the ego of one of the worst people on earth.
cyber trucks are for rainbow people.  Show us your purse to go with the truck
When the cybertruck come to South Africa? 😢that's my future car❤ i started follow it in 2019😊 thas cool
Lol....the Frunk cutting ones arm off.  A lawsuit waitng to happen.
The aerodynamic wiper totally makes up for the trucks weight.  Good foresight by Tesla
The vehicle I can actually draw
I found myself behind a cybertruck the other day, the backside of them are pretty hideous, didnt get a good look at the rest of it because it took off lol
1980s: Buick and Lincoln use right angles in their big grandma cars  2020s: Tesla uses right angles in the futuristic cyber truck
Stainless steel......like the DeLoeran.   Does that mean a Brillo pad will clean the outside🙃?
Please take me back when trucks used to look cool . I am surprised people want to buy this .
The entire vehicle is a “quark and feature”
Even for Tesla factory is very complicate to put all the stainless steel panels together. I think nobody will repair this cyber trucks after any accidents. And insurance must be in Ferrari category price
The echo in this video is brutal. Might need to bring them back outside 😂
Oh shoot... I thought that was a bottle opener, not a blind spot camera.  Now it's all scratched up!
ONLY person I’ll watch for car reviews
Look like a truck a 4 year old drew
Doug, styling should be -5
charge port is in a spot that seems like it might get damaged if you were actually off roading
back look basic
No, it’s just plain ugly.
As an European car detailer I'm very happy to know that this truck will surely never be sold here  Good Luck American colleagues
The Cybertruck looks better IMO without those silly retro-futuristic and cheap looking Bigtrak like (remember those?) plastic hubcaps.
Next step: Integration of steering into the info screen.
I need one
Doug type guy get own arm lobbed off by Cyber Truck trunk, fixes it by putting on a 3rd T shirt then reviews the experience as quite painful and rather debilitating but also pretty cool looking, 5/10.
This is a toy plain and simple. The earth will soon be littered with these electric paperweights when they die very soon.
The car I drew as a kid came to life
So, I'm assuming this will be used as a truck, because it's a truck. People throw stuff into the bed, leaving it loose to move around (not saying they should, but that's what happens).   If you have something in the bed the right size, and it slides forwards under braking, it could block that bed cover from sliding open.
Doug has kinda outed himself as a non car guy, missing the point of Ineos Grenadier but going weak at the knees for the cybertruck.
Can I get it with a Cummins?
The point is not less light it's the 3rd break light that actually captures the attention of the driver behind you.
If stainless, i rather keep the DeLorean i bought in 2037.
The car of the decade?? 😂😂
Teslas started out cool, but with so many on the road now, they are just boring cars with such little personality. This one definitely has a personality, but I suspect it will just become another car for Elon stans, and definitely won’t age well with those harsh lines.
Give this guy a paper bag... he's insanely hyperventilating.
I'd be embarrassed to drive this monstrosity.
Drive by wire in production cars is used by Tesla. Lexus 450ZE is designed to have it, but still without a yolk wheel
Believe it or not, someone imported one in Cyprus (European Union) 😁
Wheels should be as well curved!
It may be a cool vehicle, but dang -- this will be an absolute nightmare to maintain.
Too bad all outside camera's are terrible in bad weather.
17:53 the guy waving at the camera 😂
Looks like an ‘80’s render of a future car 😂.  Extremely ugly
09:52 R.I.P to any pedestrian or biker that hits the corners.  Or any other car that gets a collision with it.
Doug is the type of guy filming himself with a nonstop hunting focus and still get 1.5M views
The fact that Tesla quickly did a recall on wheel covers just shows how.... well.... inexperienced that company is. From a company that struggles to get doors to open and close reliably, it doesn't surprise me.
The patina on this 2024 model is amazing, I can’t imagine how it will look in 10 years 🙄🤣🤣
Surfer Blood!
Well, it took you so long, but it’s absolutely watching this now!
people lose it cuz they been programmed
but people do take raptor off road
Who makes the tires,  are they bespoke to the truck
I wonder what would happen if the truck hit a pedestrian with that front corner going 40 mph.
Ugly AF and not a decent truck.
Ugly
You nailed it
Looks like a 3 dimensional model of stress.
Musk has done more for the popularity of the electric auto market than any other person on the planet. Despite that, the MSM loathes him because he owns a social media platform that doesn't censor people and promotes constitutionally granted free speech.   The media has truly become the enemy of the people.
south park canadian truck just needs triangle wheels lol
Should be called "the garbage truck"
What a piece of sh*t!!! I will NOT watch this video. TWO THUMBS DOWN!!!
cool idea...i still don't like the truck
UGLY!
Great review and kind of neat but not for me only because I use my crew cab Titan for "real" hauling like a load of compost for the wife's garden, moving furniture, riding lawn mower for repair, etc. Just don't think this truck bed is suited for that. There is a real flaw. The doors will freeze shut in a cold climate where you have freezing rain over night. Yes tough to open with a regular door handle but this will freeze solid. Me knows what I talk about. This is a truck for the urban cowboy!
Doug notes that the angles on the front end are so sharp that they could draw blood. He then complains about A-pillar visibility and says there will probably be “Cybertruck pedestrian issues”   What could go wrong 🤷‍♂️
Cars design has turned mostly into cookie cutter design, unlike late 80's early 90's when just about everyone apricated the weird designs and qwerty features. Fast forward to the modern day, when something truly weird, people gasp.... and I love it
What a Nice Tesla Cybertruck!! ❤😊😄
It's like a Countach had a lovechild with a Delorean and the kid has ADHD as Aspergers, but at least he can outrun everyone else in school.   OMG, the Cybertruck is Forrest Gump. 😮
"These trucks are more expensive then when they were first announced..." We've had nearly 25% aggregated inflation since 2020... Not surprising the price went up.
This is honesty the most unique and incredible car I have ever seen! WOW
Are you filming this in the backrooms? Do we need to send help?
Thank you for pointing out the edges that could draw blood. ❣️
I hate that interior
omg the fit and finish of that door trim.... looks like it was installed by a 1st grader during recess.
This is the dumbest truck ever made! Thanks for proving it Doug :)
Ok so finally got to see the review of the Cybertruck with Doug - good to see.  I do expect to see better production from a veteran like Doug - out of focus shots, distant audio at times, interesting location from a basement to review the outside , i think we expect a more professional product from Doug…
My 16 Silverado has lights in the bed. I think every truck from at least 14 and up has bed lights.
All the dislikes in this video are from Raptor owners 😂
Thissss
Doug is review is like being grateful for the food you eat 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
Should be called Cyberjunk
Let's see how large the market is for a "cool" truck that lacks a lot of practicality.
Towing capacity of a truck = stupid stuff.  --Doug DeMuro, 2024.
Cybertruck pedrestrian issue"😂😂😂
Yeah it’s cool but it’s even cooler if you catch Doug DeMuro test driving it
Visibility is overrated /s
YooooooooooOoooooooooooo he finally did it guys ❤❤❤❤
Its cool, thats for sure. What i really don't like is that Tesla's have the hardware in the car from factory but you have to buy the software to use the feature. This sound like a rip off.
How do you mess up panel gaps when the whole car is flat.
Yeah, this POS is uglier than the Nissan Juke.  I'll stick with my preorder for the Alpha Wolf pickup.
Thank PG for my 245. Like moore and moore. It's 30 yo and will outlive the EV with another 30.
The next bull run is coming for EV companies. NIO will be TSLA's main competitor and the 2nd leading car manufacturer in the world by 2035. Once TSLA releases the Compact TSLA in late 2025 this will cause demand to soar. Everyone in the world will be driving fully autonomous electric cars by 2040 produced primarily by TSLA and NIO. The stocks have both been crushed by demand concerns, but a large scale compact affordable EV hasn't even been developed yet...we are only at the beginning. The rapid transformation is coming.
love the exterior design. hate the interior.
It's not cooler or funner than a trx or raptoe
The Cybertruck "coupe"!.after it being reviewed by Doug demuro Iv fallen in love with it!😂
wish I could afford one.
So the best parts about it are the fact that it's ugly and flawed? LOL
Love Elon. Hate the cyber truck 😅
If they put a nighvision or infrared camera infront , like a custom addon, that would be awesome :D
Doug, that big plug can power a kitchen range . Washing machine runs on those standard plugs.
I'm I the only one who finds this a ridiculous stupid truck. What happens when their is ice/snow on the doors. I like the crappie quality of the door seal. DOUG YOU'RE STILL A GOOF...
The front panels are curved. But other than that yeah
When ONE IDIOT Meets ANOTHER IDIOT!! Such Hype Bollocks.
#sellout
Do not understand why call Elon musk insane, just review the vehicle you are not only funny but very articulate and very knowledgeable. It’s sad to see that I’m sure not intentional you’re giving your personal political opinion.  I’ve been a fan for over five years.
Ugly truck
Back in the day, I had the original Pontiac dust buster trans sport. It has pretty similar windscreen situation, and I can tell you, if something rolled to the base of the windscreen, it was basically lost. Unless your hands are longer than your body, there is absolutely no way your are getting it, at least without a rake or something. Cybertruck at least has the acceleration to maybe help you get it closer, Pontiac needed to be rear ended by a train and that came with further issues.
Your camera is struggling so much to hold focus for even a minute straight.
Why would anybody listen to you Doug...so self-interested. Your take on this vehicle is disenguous. I know basically your a second-hand car salesman.
The 2024 Tesla Cybertruck is simply ICONIC! I hope that this Cybertruck, along with 1999 Toyota GT ONE, makes its appearance in Gran Turismo 7.
First mod I’d do on it is slap a k&n sticker on it 😂
Got my email that my Foundation series Cybertruck is ready to order, but I'm gonna keep my model Y performance. It has fold down back seats for camping out inside. They missed the mark. Tell me why the tiny back window can't roll down into the back seat, then back seats fold down, and the tannaeu cover is held lower in the body or over the battery /floor..? Front seats fold down, and you've got a huge square footage of flat space to camp. It's an awesome vehicle, but I'll wait for a second generation and hope for more camping (incognito/stealth with dark tint) ability.
So the rear running lights won’t be visible if you wanted to drive with the tailgate down? 🤔
We need to be honest about this aberration. It is worthless as a truck. Pathetic as a car. Unsafe and hideous.
Its ugly.
Lookes like a Car, but you turned down the graphics to 144p, desinged by PS1 or Nintendo 64 👌🏻
yeah, Elon is insane, however only in the most positive of ways insane
Americans don’t see the problem with the increase of having these literal tanks on the road. The US roads are a more dangerous place with these things barrelling around. The Cybertruck would probably not be street legal in Europe. Your road safety is getting out of control because of more and more unnecessary SUVs and pick-up trucks, resulting in more deadly crashed because of heavy vehicles.
Love you Doug but that is hands down the stupidest vehicle in the history of civilization
Can't wait to do door dash with this one
I guess it's safe to say that Elon is obsessed with triangles and the letter X. I'm not sure how triangles are futuristic.
Steer by wire sounds scary coming from a place where mice eat wires all the time.  That being said, it's not marketed toward a person like me.
Doug sold out.
Cool factor 10? Nice joke.
looks like something scientology cult leaders would drive
Europeans watching this: Ford F-150 is Cool? Raptor is Cool? Cybertruck is Cool? What the hell is wrong with America, why do we let you be a country?😂🤷🏼‍♂️
i love doug videos but it is clear that all car channels are making a blind eye on the cybertruck. Overpriced, not giving you really all you bought (range downgraded, autopilot, ...), awful quality and dangerous for pedestrians for no reason, just to look like it was taken from a distopian movie, i am a big car guy but al least for me it does not make any sense at all
Great value Robin Williams off of wish😂😂😂😂😂!! Thats doug 4 ya
the "cybertruck" writing is ugly af lol
This is a classic Doug review, fun!
Lmao this has to be one of the silliest looking vehicle ever. Imo
I think Doug should have included the info on how much has Tesla paid for the ”exitement” like other influencers.
NO.! 😉
Can it enter the Baja 1000, as Elon claimed it would years ago?
Garbage Truck
They actually had the Cybertruck on tour in China last month. It was showing up at malls etc.
how do you switch gears when you are stuck in snow in -20 Celsius wearing gloves? fingers freezing tapping on touch screen lmao
The other thing that’s stupid about this truck is how indestructible the windows are. What if you’re in an accident and first responders are trying to get you out of the car? They can’t break the darn window, so you just die in a fire?
I didn’t notice before how low the ground that truck is. For truck that seems kind of counterintuitive.
Ugly expensive just wait till the more known name car brands make a better ev truck just like how Cadillac , bmw , and Audi are may no be fast but the interior 🫡 has been perfect something Tesla will never .
U as F😊
That is the ugly lookingand body truck ever, try to go to California from North Carolina full loader
LMFAO @ imagining Raptor owners being mad about not getting attention 😂
Thanks Doug.
Thing is cool but absolutely hideous to look at
Do the bed cover buttons require the car to be unlocked? Or can anyone walk up and press them and remove the cover?
I don't have a drivers license but the lack of stalks seems too finicky   From over function 😢
Prefer dome zero
6 on Quality hummmm little low
I personally think it's the ugliest kitchen sink I've ever seen.
Today’s DeLorean 😂
I like that there is no badging on it. I removed all the badges on my vehicle too. It's not a cyber truck I'm just saying
does anyone here care to tell our friend doug that he's allowed to take a breath between the sentences? i mean he could have fainted anytime here
Exterior styling courtesy of a 4 year-old that drew a car with a crayon on a sheet of notebook paper.
for you to put this car at a no1 place you had to give it a "10" in the cool factor area. this is so lame
Is the break light situation reay road safe?🤔
This looks like a tent on wheels.
Who else sees the dent in the stainless steel?
this guy can talk about useless things for 10 minutes and sound like professor holy
it'll age worse than an H2 Hummer.
Pass
untill this hits a pedestrian
Watch out I have a water gun
250 mile range at 75 MPH on the highway. I'd kill for that kind of range.    (On my sport bikes,)
No Mr. Cyber 'Truck', the reviewer ain't what's making you look ugly!
Damn that car is ugly.
Cooooool. But USELESS CRAP
I've lost all respect I once had for you.  Vehicle is a deathtrap, both for the driver and passenger, and everyone around it.  It isn't "cool." It shouldn't even be road legal.
Hello...  Everything is also voice controlled!  😝
Typical tesla design, no design whatsoever and call it design…
Already looking stained in daylight in the first scene😂
Surprised the steering isn’t a triangle
my guy you shouldnt be promoting the car of a white supremacist antisemite
Nice to see it has black wheel centre-caps.
So.... if your screen gets broken you can't drive the vehicle? That's not ideal.
fiat multipla no longer the ugliest car.
Sure, it's a head turner, but the Fiat Multipla was also 😂. Inside its boring as ...
@2:25 is that a creased dent on the hood?
Tesla Cybertruc is so strong car a❤nd not expensive in p🌟rize!Wow to see when do some TEST!Congratulation😍🌏
Even the tires look dumb
imagine getting hit by one of these at 40 mph 😁
I see these constantly in San Diego and it’s the goofiest looking car in person
Those brake lights are scary
Im just wondering how come that in the "Land of pedestrian safety" the cybertruck could comply safety regulations with those sharp angles....
I rather have the Escalade V over this truck any day
Lol, I don't know about running a washing machine, but the 220v plug could be handy for things like power tools. A welder, for example.
Nothing made by elon is cool.
It looks sooooooooooooo BAD Over 100 public urinals were recycled to make one truck .
I dont know that id call elon insane. Is that your lib showing?
Tesla should be over $1000 per share right now.
A lot of owners of this junk are going to be 'not cool' for a long time after the "cool" period wears off. They have handed over $100K of their hard-earned money for something that's only good for keeping inside a museum. Yes, it's cook for now.   Just wait 2 years.
That comment its cool so towing capacity etc is irrelevant even for raptors owners  is why the industry is upside down.. and we now got this on the road. if all trucks will not be capable what will. if driving sitting on top of your vehicles become cool.. the market will pitch it😑.
The what cover?  What does the bed measure?  Did you really have a hard time stepping on it, Doug?  Did you forget shave the side of your jaw, Doug?  Are you ok Doug?
This dude has the grossest crooked fingers I’ve ever seen , not to mention he chews his fingernails like a 4 year old. 🤮
The interior has been inspired by an airport monorail from the late 80s. Bleh.
As someone who does flight simulation and digs planes, fly by wire sounds *extremely* cool.  :-)
Very nice, thorough, fair review.
It looks a shoe box that someone stepped on.
I have a question about electric cars that perhaps no one has ask, if electric cars are the future and they are “SO GOOOOD” how come the government are not using them, police military etc, this truck looks like a shoe box, in my opinion of course
Doug... you didn't notice the phone logo is angled.
The truck is definitely cool, and still quite useful as a truck for a weekend warrior type.  Maybe not useful for every contractor or for long-distance towing but like Doug said, most trucks never tow anything.
Pull up to a Home Depot and try to put a 4 x 8 sheet of plywood into it and watch everyone point and laugh
Sounds like go-kart steering. Awesome
Doug, the type of guy to give his camera a heartbeat. 3:45
Steer by wire? Corrosive salty air? What could possibly go wrong.....?😮
Who's the guy waving?
Range: "up to 340 miles".  Judging by every other EV that's been tested, reduce that by 30-40% in real driving conditions,  so let's say, 220 miles.  Then as most manufacturers recommend that you don't let the charge fall below 20%,  nor charge above 80%,  reduce by 40% to around 132 miles.  To be expected when dragging nearly 3/4 ton of battery around,  which adds up to this thing weighing over 3 tons,  but it's only rated at a bit over 4 tons (GVWR),  so when you calc people and luggage, not much payload!
😂😂Doug’s camera decided to go in and out of focus today I guess.😂😂
Your cars&bids ads sounds like you are in a bathroom
Low Res Car part 2?
Nice e34💋
Doug waited until he could list this car on his auction site before reviewing...hmm
looks like crap- enjoy it
Dangit, finally Doug.
2:30 Whoa is that a crease in the hood on the left side? 😮
Mono-wiper sounds like a treatment for an std.
I notice the owner has already done the interior rearview mirror delete. Confirmed; its in the glovebox. For when they flip this art car in 6 mos.
Everyone is saying the headlight distance and placement is terrible on these
Doug's the type of guy to review an alien space ship and try to pretend it's a "truck"     (We alllllll kno what trucks are. We can clearly see this ain't one 👽 👾)
Since it's just stainless steel, can this be anodized any color?!?
It looks absolutely useless and ugly
Yeah no, some of us actually use our trucks for utility, in our family we actually tow a boat, we go off-roading, we’re eventually gonna get a bigger boat and a camper, which means another truck, maybe even a dually just for the extra stability
I mean, I won't ever buy it.  It's neat, but it was also designed by a nazi, so idk.
it looks like a toddler designed it from the shape to the fart noises
Ill take a cummins/ allison anything over that much cooler than that thing but i guess kids like it
You make an excellent point with the truck stats! This truck is not for truck people, agreed. I agree that it's just plain cool!
Boooring 🥱😴
Hilarious? For sure. It’s an expensive joke.
5 for styling is… generous
I love Doug and admire Elon but jeez talk about a paid testimonial
Do u think it can dodge the cops radar 🤔
This MFer said a circular dog 😂😂
After 4-5 years since its initial reveal, I feel this truck will be a fast fading fad. Sure, it’s a status symbol, but for the cost and lack of features, I think a lot of people will pass on this after the newness wears off.
Cyber truck is stupid and looks like a turd!  And no, I don’t want to buy a damn thing and to have to wrap it so it doesn’t look dumb, the cars have been painted properly in the last century!
Tesla interior design is flat out boring and lame. They definitely need to step it up. Everything else is pretty good.
The cyber truck is the kind of vehicle that needs squared wheels and tires to match the rest of the truck!👌😂👍
doug why are you even reviewing this box? its already proven to be a fail, thumbs down, still love you !
no autopilot at launch...we officially have car dlc now lmao
Remember making fun of Fiat Multipla? Player one just connected.   The most hideous car I've ever seen. I'm not a hipster, this is not ironic.
🤔 what 😮 BMW was that ? 🩸🩸🩸
Crazy car 😂
Excited to buy mine!
I really want to try the steer by wire because even in my 2018 civic i dont find it have to do hand over hand unless im turning pretty sharp
Complete piece of junk in person, watch those fingers
Am I the only dude that would absolutely suck Doug dry?
Imagine replacing that windsheild.
A what cover?  LOL  Tah-Noh?
It is actually cool, and looks fun to own. I’d still rather have a Raptor, but I definitely see why people want this
OMG the tail lights are a joke 🤮 Major deal breaker
It seems almost more like a cyber El Camino.
Hello?  Where are you?  Hello?  (I'm just looking for all those "expert commenters" that were allover the youtube a few years back saying "nobody will buy this thing")
This is not a truck. It’s more like an El Camino
Dougie, be careful so you don't loos your fingers closing the door or the hood trunk thing.  I saw a few other reviews, it seems like the trunk can not hold a bicycle. This Cyberthingamajig gets stuck easily in soft sand and snow. Blind spots and not very far on a charge. Wait, no cruise control ? Cancel my order, oh snap /  I'm out.
Point one, Elon Musk surely owned and LOVED a Pontiac Aztek lol  Point two, Ralph Nader would have this truck killed for safety or lack thereof
Thats one big ugly i mean ugly truck  🤮
It looks like a low poly stainless steel turd.
How did they get away with the brake light on a moving piece And the third brake light mandate??
there are no curves in the design because of the material....
The Cyber Truck looks like a prop from a low budget Sci-Fi movie set.
Can this run Dragon's Dogma?
No it’s not. It’s ugly
No Doug, you run your washing machine on 120V, you don't need a 240V outlet for that.
Doug you are in no place to measure the sanity of anyone. I love you but your buts brother.
Eewwwwv 🤢🤢🗑️
Too bad an anti-democracy fascist conspiracy dude company owner is getting richer behind these things.  Repugnant.
I liked it better in the movie Back To The Future. That had the Flux capacitor.😊 This thing has a nasty battery. When it comes to real men, we want work trucks not gimmicks. I doubt if Elon has ever been a job site. He ain't very manly.
this one is from texas not california. cheers
Body panels don’t line up. Undesirable styling. Undesirable power train for a truck buyer market (unless Ridgeline owners surprisingly switch over). Bad styling in anyone’s opinion. Bleak interior not ready to be worked like a truck. 3/10 just because it’s unique.
Your insult of Elon Musk proves your a bleeding heart liberal
33:15 accurate.  Theres a ton of thoae people who literally destroy their trucks capabilities by modding it, never to even touch dirt in their life.  How can these ICE people complain about the electric vehicles capabilities.
EV’s are a SCAM 🤢🤮🤢🤮
The echo in this garage is annoying. Dude is making millions now. Invest in either some acoustic dampening material or some tech to reduce it.
I would still rather take the Rivian R1T over the Cybertruck because the R1T is more usable and more reliable. With that said, my biggest issue is actually with Tesla's CEO. Musk is a complete idiotic nut case when it comes to geopolitics, which he shouldn't even be talking about to begin with.
Anyone buying this because it’s cool has other cars anyway. Nobody is using this as a daily driver.
13:45 some would say it's the Bestagon
im convinced the cybertruck was an art project and wasnt made for anything else
the cybertruck looks small when doug is standing next to it
Jay Leno?? Is that you
I'm getting the same reaction from people when driving around in my black and white Crown Victoria Police Interceptor for a fraction of the price.
Douche mobile!
stupid dumptruck!
This thing is just plain fugly and weird.  It looks like a 3 year old's realization of a dream he had.  I've seen two sightings in the Atlanta market and I must say, it was like seeing a UFO but in the worst possible format.  I pray to God that abomination does not become the norm on american streets.  If so, we all need to get our passports and get the hell out of this country.  As Donald Duck would say, "Disspicable!"😂😂😂
Cyber truck does have load mode where it drops the rear as low as it can go
Steer by wire… “it’s very mechanical”… no… it’s actually not.
.
how is the cabin noise level? since it has air suspension, how it drives in a bumpy road? please answer
I love my Cyber. Its effing incredible. Owned trucks for 30 years.
You say tonneau luke Tomales.  It's m9re toe no. Dawwwwoooog
Say tonneau cover again? But correctly this time please.
LOL - this truck is a disaster. Besides the fact it will start rusting almost immediately (unless you pay $5K more for it to be coated), its bed shape makes it practically useless, its range is based on empty... going down hill. If cold, expect a 40%+ decrease in range. If you are pulling weight... well. just don't do that.   Its simply not a truck. Its a piece of art that hauls around the most dense and compressed supply of toxicity possible. Its banned in the UK and the EU for many reasons. Its junk. Its dangerous. If it catches fire in your driveway, it will likely take down you entire house. It will be worthless in 5 to 7 years.
Hopefully Tesla will come out with a true off road version of the CT after several reviewers have tested it against other trucks and it has performed quite poorly in the off-road department. The Rivian has done very well in this area (the RAM TRX scored the highest), easily eclipsing the CT. Tesla should rectify this ASAP.
No, Dougie, some would say you are the most insane person.
THIS... is a shill.
why judge owners only want to be cool? maybe they love it for itself not for them to be cool.
The frunk doesn't open when something is in its path? I detect a lawsuit coming.
It is not ugly, it is FUGLY.  No thanks.
I think they succeeded in the fusion of the Toyota pickup and the flying DeLorean. Fly by wire is aka death by remote.
A commercial oven on wheels
I don’t think an electric vehicle requires differential locks when u have separate motors at the rear.
FLOP.
Sharp angles  i guess are illegal in europe...
Someone should teach Doug the difference between "pixelated" and "polygonal".
unfortunalty is an obsolete "electric" car! bah
Doug has lost his touch.  He can't even be honest about the frunk closing on an arm.
The horsepower is not 835 for the cyber beast it’s 845
From a true truck perspective- I give it a 2.
If only it was gas powered id love it
If these trucks had a gas engine, they would sell 10X
Im the type of guy who likes new things.. I'm into trucks, but this thing is ugly, even when I squint my eyes. I must say the lack of badging is respectable though!
Useless crap on wheels.....
I'm surprised he missed the backup shifting buttons below the hazard lights and didn't mention the cyber truck specific wade mode.
I saw one in person today and it's looks Hideous ....There's a lot more car/truck you can get for $80K.
Doug is the type of guy that gets mad at you for leaving the toilet seat up.
Large blind spots in the front pillar and a truck with a sharp angle on the front bumper.  I guess people being eviscerated is definitely some pedestrian issues.
Why did they decide to copy the wheel arches form a public city bus?
The ugliest car on earth. Looks like a coffin with wheels
the slab styling becomes one giant mirror in the sun. just waiting for one to blind a driver and cause an accident. I am sure the insurance companies will love covering this car.
It’s all cool until it starts rusting in three months
Doug still does the best reviews.  Thanks sir for your wonderful insight.
And one day soon, people will see past the INSANE HYPE and realize that the KINGS NEW CLOTHES are like this - the Betamax of all cars.
Looks as ridiculous as ever. There’s one local and I’ve seen it several times now. Not growing on me. Quite the opposite. And I doubt a shirt provides enough resistance to prevent the frunk from closing. It has a sensor. It’s regulatory. It won’t cut your arm off. I’m assuming you know that and were making a joke.
Hollywood "we have a genius idea with the remake of the BTTF movie"
Missed the bottle opener in the bed.
The guy waving from behind the windshield A-frame 😆😅🤣😂
Great video Doug. Side note: I prefer your monotone voice inside the vehicle compared to your outside voice, it's much more pleasing to listen to
best thing to clean it with is WD-40
If those angles are permitted the I don't see why we can't bring back Pop-up headlights 😁👌
no right hand drive version any time soon, i guess. However I would still buy a left hand one if i had to. How to get Tesla to send a few over to the UK to their Exeter service place in Devon, please. I put a deposit on one over two years ago. I have had a S85 for 7 years. still great to drive.
God forbid you actually try to use this like a truck...
The ultimate car review we’ve all been waiting for 😂😂
The Telsa Cybersub
All these years and this man is still wearing 2 shirts bruh
The Cybertruck, a vehicle that looks like it was designed and built for a 1970’s sci-fi movie, set in a dystopian future.
you by the san diego zoo!!!! stop by valet and say hello one day please!!!!
Tourette's maybe?
I used to think these things would be so cool! Now I just hate it 🤣
Love your videos Doug, but it is only a matter of time before it begins to rust 😂
"Cool" is not a value, it is an empty word. When I see such nonsense, I wonder where this World is heading. This is very sad consumerism.
I won't watch another episode till I see the HONDA CR Z
Kind of reminds me of a Delorean!
Treatment would be appropriate.
"Plain cool" 😐
Just wait until Whistlindiesel gets his hands on one of these 😅
Most ugly.... Don't forget that spec.😂
Autopilot coming soon.   They got DLC for cars now 😬
It's like watching someone having a continuous, full body spasm.
It's a DeLorean truck
What a stupid looking car.
Is it cool though?
Doug's the type of guy who borrows his pal's Cybertruck, and tops it up with gas afterwards
It looks awesome! Very much an outsider!
It looks like “Geoff” from Top Gear
Add lockers with over the air update???? Interesting 😂 plenty of videos of these getting stuck on mall crawler level trails
That red E34 tho!!!
This truck is sooooo ugly and terribly built i would not spend any amount of noney on this thig
"steer by wire" I don't think I'd feel safe with that. imagine cruising at 70mph and the steering motor goes out or something else in the system fails.
Only aerodynamic part of this abomination is the windscreen wiper.
YES TRUMP IS COOLER AND BETTER THAN BIDEN AND THE DEMS. THAT YOUR COMPARISING.
Why do some car makers ignore the handy-dandy red dots that tyre manufacturers take the time to print on the tyre walls? Is this a conscious decision? Quite a few tyre fitters don't seem to know what they're for either.
The car unfortunately has a design first, practicality second approach, and it shows. They really went out of their way to design stuff that cause frustration to the user just for the sake of aesthetics and making a statement. I see no difference between this and a luxury sports car - the majority of these Cybertrucks will be sitting in the second parking spot in the owners' personal garage most of the time, only coming out during special occasions. I also wouldn't be surprised if a significant number of those 2+ million pre-orders are cancelled, and/or maybe even a surge of Cybertrucks in the second hand market not too distant into the future.  It's a shame this is what the Cybertruck has materialized into, when it could've been so much more. Waste of effort.
I saw one today, it's without a doubt, the worst looking vehicle since the AMC Pacer. It's just a "look at me," vehicle.
“Don’t stick your arm in there, it will be… cut off”. 😂
Lmao 7k dislikes because he liked the car...libs really are just children huh
And... Its still sssooo uuuggglllyyy.  I would buy a Maverick before i would buy this thing.
I COULD NOT STOP LAUGHING AT THIS THIS. PATHETIC
I bet it will take months till I see one in Switzerland. You must be a real idiot or just don’t know the country to buy a car like that in Europe.  The EU probably even doesn’t allow such an unsafe design.
Ironically enough I saw one driving on the road today. Not bad looking
saw one of these today for the first time - what a faux pas omgod. looks like a bad sci fi vehicle. could not be more ugly
Tesla copied the mono wiper from Fiat Uno
Doug’s the type of guy to finally review the cyber truck and have his camera out of focus
The hidden emergency gear buttons The 48V electric system The exclusive tires The hidden air vents
What a turd! If
Thank you for reviewing a rust bucket.
Doug reviews: "Cool car". Done. Such an impractical vehicle. Will age really badly. Tesla really needs to learn from the Germans for the interior design. It looks cheap on every model. There's no excuse for that at that price point. Also, physical buttons are indispensable as you don't want to take your attention from the road to flip through 6 menus deep just to raise the temp. or volume. Very dangerous.
Looks like a 7 year designed it with one of those plastic drafting triangles and built it with Amazon closet organizer parts. Please give us something nice to look at over all that cool power train. We got the joke, now build a truck.
Insane is right
Great job Doug. I like how fair and not (CRITICAL) or PUTTING DOWN any vehicle. You carefully choose your words and I like tour Doug-score.
Futuristic with mirrors.😂😂😂
I wouldn’t get that car even if they were giving it away for free 😂
Love your vids but that "truck" is hideous, looks like it rolled right out of my N64, low poly count and all
Very hard on the eyes to look at compared to most new cars. Not a very functional looking truck bed either. I don't get why anyone would want this truck.
Stand firm Guyana 🇬🇾!! Typical colonizer : "how dare you peasant  countries attempt to enrich and develop yourselves...remember, we used to rule you guys and we can easily do it again, and by force too". Disgusting...glad he attacked the bs narrative quickly
22:12 At least he's got a sense of humor. That's actually funny
You know he’s from California because he can’t talk about Tesla without mentioning Elon. Like nobody talks about the CEO of GM or McLaren, etc but Elon is always mentioned
Doug the type of guy to say only Raptor owners would be "mad" about this "cool" truck.
Finally
Surprised they show the license plate….ppl always cover that….
Peee-Uuuu
Can’t wait to see the peroxide, vinegar, saltwater solution squirt bottle fun to start on these nightmares.
Nice review
I remember in Doug More's channel back in June 2020 you said this is the ugliest transportation mean ever designed by humanity! But now you're saying it is the coolest thing ever? You contradict yourself bro.
CyberTurd™
Doug is so right about the towing/hauling capacity. It doesn't matter. It's the same silly discussion on range.
CyberJUNK
So model X got 9 for Features and Cybertrack 8? Ford F-150 gets 6 for Styling vs Cybertrack 5? Yes, really innovative, fresh and amazing style of F150 crushing Cybretracks common flat look... Also, the Hummer EV should be somewhere in around 50 in Dougscore, you might say it's more a concept car with few being made for the market. If you look longer at all those numbers it feels like a mix of emotions and sponsorship nicely wrapped with the stocker "THE DOUGSCORE"
Spotted Doug at the zoo getting set up to film.  Made my trip to SD.
Doug was recently diagnosed with full blown Scotty Kilmer.
It is cool, but it’s not as cool as a raptor r 😭😭 The steer by wire is very interesting I would love to try it
Elon probably saved the trunk stepper feature as a new feature for the second gen cyber truck. Why the first gen doesnt have one
In the future, it will sit in a museum beside a DeLorean, I'm guessing.
finally the most strange car reviewer, reviews a strange car....
How are you cool for buying practical vehicle that's not practical at all. You're not cool. You're just as dumb as those that buy Raptors abd TRX's and never actually use them as intended. Also the reason why practicality is no longer and argument is because most trucks in the market are better at trucking than this. The only practical advantage this truck has is instant torque. Imagine when Tesla semis come out. What are they going to say... oh its about looking cool. I'd rather much drive a tacoma over this. But thats just me i guess. If i see or hear a supercharged truck drive by it is going to make me happier that just seeing this on the road because i cant even hear it lol
For a different take:😆  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFloLGmPKl0
Doug...You sound like a hater
What a stupid vehicle
Any reason why the “review” part is now being done in a dark dungeon?? I prefer the outside see everything in the video reviews… especially living somewhere that’s like 95% sunny all the time…?? Other than that, love the videos!!!
Tesla CyberMeatGrinder of people. Getting hit by that must be a death sentence with those sharp edges
Who DOESN'T call a front trunk a frunk?
Can anyone give a logical reason why basic buttons have to be on a screen? Also if you try to tap something on the screen and the car is shaking its very hard to pin point precisely at the icon which is too dangerous. Dont know why this basic point is never considered or talked about
ugly i'll take the rivian or ford over this hell even the hummer ev!!!!!
I thought they got the font for Cybertruck from Cyberpunk
Vomitous.
The argument that the windshield wiper is mounted horizontally to aid the aerodynamics of the least aerodynamic thing ever invented is quite funny
how much did tesla pay you to do this review?
When was the last time you saw a Hummer towing anything?
What a silly car. I kinda like it just because of how ridiculous it is. definitely rather have a regular tesla if I want an electric car. seems a tad impractical. Great review as always Doug
Bei uns sehen so die Altpapier Container vom Design aus, echt Peinlich 😂.
I want the skateboard from one of these. They're so damn long, I'm going to stick it under a FedEx truck. Go very fast, deliver stuff.
That is not design. Ease of function was completely subjugated to wish of form.
Whom else noticed that this 2 t-shirt wearing geek is favoring this ugly truck? This nerd has bad mouthed other great cars in the past.
I kinda want to piss on a cybertruck to see how it affects the metal
Let’s put a cover on the bed to keep things from being stolen👍 Let’s put the button to open it on the outside where the crooks are🤦🏻
That's the UGLIEST vehicle I've ever seen.👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼
"This is just plain cool".  No, no it's not.  It's embarrassing.  It shouldn't be allowed on public roads.  But cool?  Not a chance.
OMG DOUG!!  Great REVIEW! Your "quirks and features" on this "ridiculous" designed truck were HILARIOUS!  My favorite was an "insane truck designed by an insane man"! LOL  Priceless!!
The CEO of Tesla, known all over the world, whom is very vocal in advocating for sanity gets called “insane” by a YouTube kid. This is where we are.
The amount of restrictions on a single vehicle are mind boggling. You can wash it only in certain conditions or it will rust. 😂😂😂😂😂 The metal has no protective layers whatsoever. 😂😂😂😂😂
So if the screen breaks you're stranded.
Doug, you didn't show the blind spot cameras in action.. 😢
cybertruck review 2050, after seling you bitcoin !:))..unsub !
😂
one of the newer car brands that i actually look up too , thanks to the ceo they have   you can't actually call yourself a gear head , or a car enthusiast when you hate on another way of propulsion is still a vehicle the only difference is that you dont like it thats it. but is still a car it still has a soul and his own vibe , but people that dont own one will never ever see that  doug you should have done the review when the cybertruck came out because it all sound verry repetitive hearing it from like 300 youtubers on the web , you were a pioneer what happened????
So ugly...
is it a box or a car,,,,   ugly irrespective of the capabilities.... imo
It looks dangerous for pedestrians
This will never be legal in Europe
What about safety? If you had an accident, this thing looks like it would just kill anyone in the front seats lol
Grifter
Doug, why do you talk like shaggy from scooby do?  You might be the only guy on earth who's voice never stopped cracking once he hit puberty.
Thanks Doug. Great rew.!
The dog is not pixelated lol. It’s low poly. As in low polygon.
Doug hyping the Cyberrust because it's not selling on his platform, huh?
10 for cool factor? More like 1
Ballsy to call Musk insane while reviewing one of his designs… I guess it’s easy to be jealous when you’re not the richest dude on the planet
Nice explication 👍👍👍
Does anyone else think it's designed like a really cool mattress?
If your arm is in the way of the front trunk while closing it will reverse when it detects resistance.
Ahhhh, the Cybertruck… The Aztec of the electrics…😆😂🤣
I'm the only one finds the twist in Doug's seat belt distracting 😂
The only thing that can save this cars look is some heavy cyberpunk weathering 😅
No way this upstages a raptor or Chevy truck. Yes people buy it because it looks weird (or as you say cool) in a couple years the coolness wears away. I think what would annoy me it to find buttons on a screen to do everything, functional buttons are there ready to be pushed this to me almost seems distracting to the driver while driver and looking on a screen to find everything. Hope the screen never malfunctions.. my 2 cents
Nothing new that it will stay "treat" just for North America. There is no enough crazy or dumb people in a rest of world to pay 100K+ for truck-not really truck with few LED stripes and no paint weights over 3Tons. Mr Musk will apart you from your hard earnings happily and with smile.  Work for 10-12 hours daily and then buy that? Only for crazy people. Cheers
This car... 😂😅😢😨🤮
34:52 More turning needed means more preciseness. Pro-gamers who play as snipers in FPS games will turn the mouse sensitivity WAY DOWN and then use a large portion of the table to move it. The Cybertruck is basically playing on high sensitivity. I don't know if I trust drivers to have the skill to not oversteer in this thing in a high stress situation.
Doug the type of guy to review the most hyped car of the decade, but all of the comments on his YouTube video are about him.
Grenadier is 20% less! I am going to wish me a Grenadier.
Seriously!? No acceleration demo during the driving experience segment?! That always used be my favourite part of Doug's videos but it seems like he doesn't always do it anymore. I could gauge the acceleration by his smile.
33:26 There is an article out there that says that for people making over $250,000 a year, the most popular vehicle was a luxury version of the Ford F-150. No idea how a work vehicle became a luxury item.
First vehicle that makes Doug look small in! I'd look like a child in that thing!
Doug the type of guy to Sneeze and say Bless You to himself...
This definitely doesn't upstage anything. I would literally rather drive  97 camry than this POS
Can anybody imagine something uglier?
How many children will get cut in half before they change that front trunk closing feature?
Such an ugly truck
Anyone know where they got the inspiration for this? Cause the first time I seen one was in Saints Row 2.
“It comes from a company run by an insane person” yup, that’s an understatement
With all the good intentions that this vehicle may have been created, it is still a failed project for what can be expected for the future of cars...
Is steer by wire just more expensive to the point that cheaper cars just can't afford it?
you know crime in California is getting bad when Doug has to do the the Cybertruck review in his compound's parking garage
He's like the Adam Sandler of car reviewers. He'll drive the most exotic vehicles but still dress like an American tourist who collects hotel soap 😂
This Doug score seems inconsistent with the actual review and more like "it's so cool so it wins". After saying it was a toy for rich people value is 7 and practical is 8?? Just be honest and say that your cool factor is 25.
MKBHD: No way Doug will review a cybertruck anytime soon. Doug: Thisss.....
Fine but sponsored ig
The word is "low-polygon",my man ;)
I saw one just the other day here in Sacramento
Hello from the UK! It's a cool truck, but I can just see a whole lot of stuff that can go wrong with time. Sorry for sounding boring......... Good content as always, keep up the fantastic work!
Calling a straight edge car with no curves futuristic when it's far easier to manufacture straight lines as opposed to curved panels like its the 1950s is hilarious
I saw drawings of this back in 1989 while attending Art Center College of Design
it's a shame Elon is such a horrible scumbag.
Futuristic clown car.
This is how you know someone is a tech bro with no taste if you think this is cool
Well, we know what the next back to the future vehicle will be ever make another movie…..
I’m going to take a shot for every time Doug says Tonnaeu cover
Doug, can afford supercars, can't afford a decent camera for the main thing he's known for.
Nobody wants an EV truck
Imagine trying to get your camera out to take a picture when he’s at that stoplight and he floors it and gone
4:05 i really don't think mounting the windshield wiper horizontally would have affected the aerodynamics all that much. It already possesses the aerodynamic properties of an apartment building...
The more I look at it the more it looks like it's ripped out of the original Tron, then you have the Merc AVTR coming out of Legacy👀
This vehicle is ugly. What are you guys talking about.....
Learning that an acquaintance had bought one of these would lower my opinion of him about as much as learning he is a sex offender.
17:40 wait a minute did Doug buy the PPV?…
The price increase perfectly matches Bidenflation
Кто смотрит тоже, пока еще не вышел перевод от автору ))
Sorry Doug, but you are wrong on this one. The "stupid stuff" you are talking about (towing capacity, off road use, etc) is actually incredibly important to people who matter in the market. The first thing many people thought when they saw the Cybertruck was, "I wonder if it can be the first logical pick for an electric overlanding vehicle?" Of course you are right that many people will purchase it due to the cool factor, but that isn't the only market for the truck, therefore those things aren't pointless. The market actually interested in those specs are the same market that will throw down hundreds of thousands of dollars on a built off-road Sprinter van. PS: You are also right about the Raptor guys... most of the off-road community rolls their eyes at the Raptor guys.
These comments are better than the Tesla truck review 😂
I hate how Tesla has almost all the truck functions in the center screen. Since there is no gauge cluster, Tesla should at least have a Heads Up Display projected on the windshield. I can’t stand Tesla’s minimalist interior.
Doug makes me feel like I should wipe my phone screen at every “THIS” but I love him long time.
you do the hand over hand steering because at higher speeds it becomes faster…… sounds like cybertruck will be twitchy at high speeds
It’s not heinously ugly… the Nissan Juke, that’s heinous. The Toyota FJ Cruiser, heinously ugly. Most 1970s Mustangs and Pintos, heinous. I’ll just go in other room to avoid being hit by the bricks being thrown in my direction.;
A real rubbish
Seen a couple on the road. Close contest between the Tesla Cyber Truck and AMC Gremlin for ugliest car ever produced.
This car is just so stupid ugly.  Only a real douche would choose this as his car.
For gods’ sake people, DON’T GET DECAPITATED BY THE TRUNK LID!!
This car is a piece of crap in so many areas that its doesnt make much sense to buy it besides being a clout chaser for idiots
The misalignment of the door panels is such a cool quirk - Doug
Elon is so rich because he sells incredibly overpriced junk. Blows my mind at the ignorance of society. For that price I can get a high quality vehicle, with style. Tesla is junk and Elon has no respect for this planet. Now crowd funding for lithium mining. But oil is destroying our planet right. Meanwhile the world is gearing up for nuclear war fair and people are worried about electric lawn mowers.
Like the glove tray but if you run out to your car just to grab something out of it, the truck’s gotta be running?
They really should've finished rendering that thing before putting it in production
Phones don't come with chargers anymore in order to save the planet yet this $80K 7000 lb battery powered monstrosity exists mainly to make other truck owners jealous.
The red BMW in the background though.
ANY RADIO???
I just don't get it that the car has problems with it's stainless steel panels. I got a delorean as one of my classic cars and yeah i even use it in bad weather. The Delorean is more than 40 years old and i have not one single issue with it's stainless panels at all. I guess the stainless steel on the cybertruck is made out of worse quality as there are different grades of stainless steel available.
The much anticipated return of the Pontiac Aztec. The design sunk Pontiac for being ugly. So is this the demise of Tesla?
Foundation Cybertruck made by Cleon Musk
“Usual, circular, curved dog” - Doug Demuro, 2024
I guess it rusting if theres even rain in the forcast isnt a quirk or feature.
Doug, I love you, but if you think this is cooler than a Raptor R or a Ram T Rex. Lol. That is adorable.  Perhaps you don't drive from California to the Northeast but just ignore the land between.  It's called America. (Also, of course this truck is cool. But it isn't as cool as those others.)
what a piece of junk.
The hellrot red e34 m5 in the garage made me rewind
This "truck" is an abomination.
FOCUS doug FOCUS!
I am concerned about this beast tank running over SUVs filled with children.   Anyone doing accident simulations BEFORE this inevitably happens???  Well I am sure the lawyers are licking their chops!
you know crime in California is getting bad when Doug has to do the the Cybertruck review in his compound's parking garage
Looks like a car from the future from 1979 flick
I now want to see Doug review the CyberQuad.
😳I've gotta say.... that's definitely a far stretch from the 1984 Ford F-150 that I used to own in the 90's.
Looks like it was built in some backyard in Pakistan….. that body cladding is so shoddy looking…
This thing seems so pointless given the Hummer EV truck exists….actually looks badass & has a nicer interior & is also fast & better off-road. Also- Doug I GUARANTEE nobody w/ a TRX or Raptor R (or regular Raptor for that matter) feels upstaged by a cybertruck😂
This entire car is just the embodyment of "this doesn't really work the way it should but it looks cool" Idk, I dislike pretty much everything on this thing except for the rear wheel steering, but I get how it would be cool to some people
freaking awesome..... love it....
One word 🤮
It's a lifestyle truck....if your "lifestyle" is something akin to White Supremacist or Nazi supporter. How they are still selling these things while Elon is associated with the company is just beyond me.
How this thing passed Federal Safely regulations is questionable
What is cool about this monstrosity? I don’t understand at all
So this is the "future"....: What a piece of sh1t,
Doug “✋🏻THHHIS🤚🏻” DeMuro
A  present  day  experiment  which will be forgotten   fast   ........  IN  RUST .
Sorry Doug, that thing is a monstrosity and an eyesore. Just another edgelord grift tailored to aspiring edgelords.
Has any YouTuber ever done a review on Doug’s quirks and features?
Practicality 8?!
I love this thing for what it is, but it goes against everything a pickup truck represents:  Analog utility.
Fukushima 2011 disaster is killing the United States by toxic water. The nuclear disaster was not contained at all. 10000x fatal levels of radiation being detected in the United States
4:00 It’s pronounced Tess-la not Tez-la
I can't say 'cool' would be a word I would use to describe the Cyber Truck in my top-20 list of adjectives.  Ridiculous, cheesy, and adolescent though, would make the top 5 words to describe this... "truck."
Can see the door misalignment even on video
[Gamer Geek Warning] The dog isn't pixelated at all. It's polygonal.
I think if they made a Cyber SUV with the angle coming Horizontal from the top of the front window it would look cool AF!
It's an intellegence test on wheels. If you would actually buy one of these, you're a moron.
Doug could you do a review of Gm's Ev1
I am sure Doug lost millions on views by taking so much time to record and release the review
Only now Doug is reviewing this?  About time! 😃👍
Doug DeMuro is the type of guy who described an octagon as hexagonal.
Saying this is cooler than the Raptor R is ridiculous.
Doug is the type of guy who claps when the plane lands
I've been saying for years that steering should go from lock to lock in 90 degrees. It's cool to see someone finally do it.
I need to get one!!!!!! 😍😍😍😍😍
I expected Doug to break his record the number of times mentioning the word 'quirky'.
I saw my first cybertruck the other day, then I saw another one later that day. The first one saw was matte black the second was unpainted, i prefer the black. They defiantly look less ugly in person. I knew it would weigh a lot but 7,000 lbs wow that is more than twice my car!
Thisssss is a Zanussi
I'm 'shocked' the D.O.T. approved that tail / brake lamp funk.
Hello Doug, steerbywire... what about high speed panic steering to avoid an obstacle?
Everyone I know wants one.
Think I sketched the Cyber Truck when I was 6 years old. I'm suing for trademark infringement.
it is a stealth Car, when cop using laser pin you, it will be invisible.
Roblox truck?
This dope with the the t-shirt.  The frunk has an auto reverse
Zurück in die Steinzeit jabadabaduuuu😂
Does Doug sleep in a California king race car bed?
The lighting in the parking garage is horrible. Go back outside with natural lighting.
🤮 Let's face it, if it wasn't a Tesla we'd all be laughing at it.
Yawn. Get over your pathetic, self.
"a company run by an insane person" ,??????
The frunk will not close on your arm but will pop up again. Probably not with a shirt - it’s too thin. But it has a safety mechanism to pop up if it detects an obstruction.
Foundation: brilliant marketing. In 20 years at Cars n Coffee, you get to talk about all the eclectic issues with it, compared to the non-Foundation. It’ll make these cars much more valuable than subsequent production CT’s.
Doug the type of guy to review a refrigerator on a car channel
My eyes hurt from the autofockus and I think you can afford a camera guy now
Love seeing Anthony back! Would really like to see hotel impossible back though
I like the 80s futuristic look, but this thing is stupid. Lots of practicality lost at the altar of style.
That glove box activates fight or flight and i have no idea why lmao
I was so excited when I heard about this truck and was told it would start at about 40k. Fast forward to reality and it’s 80k. So….. A couple more years of waiting for me, but it’s the coolest vehicle I’ve ever seen
You’d expect that Elon would name the thing The X… like he did a couple of his kids… and Twitter… I probably shouldn’t give him any ideas…
Hey Doug, FYI you don’t need to lie to get views. It’s not plain cool. This has to be the dumbest truck ever. Nothing about this truck is functional. It’s all show and no go. Clickbait.
This biggest issue with the cyber truck… besides getting stuck in sand, besides rusting, besides horrible crash test results, besides the freak company owner, besides the delay, besides door issues….  This vehicle makes people laugh at you, as you are a sucker!!
These EVs are fast, heavy and nearly silent and at the same time you have to take your eyes off the road to fiddle with the controls.  That's a dangerous combination.
i personally find it ugly
Did he say drive by wire sounds mechanical?
Movable turning signals on the wheel... Among the other horrendous safety hazards of this vehicle, this is the most absurd.
GTA vibes
He put this pathetic ad on his channel at the same time as MKBHD (!) Both of them money-grabbing “reviewers” who were paid by freaking Tesla.
3 minutes in and I've already learned that new Cybertruck owners will have to immediately take steps to preserve the structural integrity of the exterior.  Wow. That is definitely one of the vehicles of the year. I absolutely hate it. It's hands-down one of the worst vehicles I've ever seen reviewed. Easily in the top 10, maybe the top 3.
Doug is the type of guy to review the “Pedestrian murderer 9000”
I didn't know that there could be an uglier car than the Fiat Multipla.
Wish there is a delorean version..
Doug the type of guy to think the cyber truck is cool.
13:23 means BORING... "LIFE IS TO SHORT TO DRIVE BORING CARS" dde
“Sheila!”
Pice of crap cap
Elon Mask in NOT insane! He is the most important genius of our time!!!
I don't know if I will be hype to the ugliest truck of all time.
Is this dude gay ?
Imagine buying something to “be cool” 😂
It's about as impressive as someone farting in an elevator.
Door panel line is slightly off.
Good luck getting a load of mulch dumped in the back. Buckets are usually 6 feet wide.
I have a question regarding the a-pillar situation and how it blocks the view of pedestrians. Does blood clean off easily from the exterior of the truck?
steering is as it is for precise driving and control for everyday driving . not everybody lives in big  America.. and also limited lock is use in racing for a reason.
This car looks like it came straight out of my childhood drawings
This DeLorean needs to hit the gym.
7000 pound truck. 0-60 mph 4 seconds "it's fine". Doug DeMuro 2024.
It amazes me that manufacturers started putting "dog mode" in their cars because Americans won't stop ruining others' property if it suits their beliefs
12:42 Yet another Tesla cars after the discovery of the alignment of the eyes of human beings, this quite amazing, no more snapchat-view, Mike Wazowski must be crying all the way to Monster University, but hey! I take it mostly human beings buy cars, so why not applaud the landscape form factor of the screen?!?
First thought was: iGeoff deluxe.  Are the bottons on the back active while driving? Becaurse there are idiots that might push them, while at a red light.
It’s a pentagon not a triangle Doug
At 1:19 you can see a dent on the hood. Ouch 😢
it's one of the best cars for real real
This is everything wrong with us car culture
What Doug explained it’s not called “steer by wire”, slightly disappointing he didn’t know that 😢
wow that's a sizeable dislike
Would like to know about its long term corrosion resistance.
You can't have this thing in Europe because of safety regulations that the States don't really care about. It's also hideous and bad build quality. Come on. You pay that much for a car that is build in 2024 but looks like it's build 100 years ago. The gap pannel, no alignment. It's not that stainless steel is harder to work with, Tesla are generally too lazy to fix their machines that make them. Their other cars have the same problem and are not made out of stainless steel... The video looks a bit biased, not showing almost any of the no go's. Only shown that it could cut your finger and that alone is a reason it won't sell outside the States
imagine these getting on our road infrastructures and crashing into K rails not only will they blast right through them but they blast through rails and guard rails onto oncoming traffic these EV‘s are getting so heavy. I think fatalities are gonna go way up. I think our infrastructure needs to get updated.
The 80s just called. They want their angles back…..
❤ After seeing this vehicle live and in person yesterday, the one thing that stood out besides its odd shape was the fact this truck constantly needs to be wipped down as the finger print stand out like a sore thump. It was a pleasant surprise to the everyday vehicle you see on the road. thank for making this video. It answered a lot of uor questions.
Still would rather have a TRX
This thing is trash 😂
I saw one of those yesterday when heading to Jersey Mikes for a sandwich …. I couldn’t help laughing ..  a really nice guy at work has a regular Tesla whatever model and the issues he’s dealt with a retarded beyond belief .. my other coworker bought a new Maserati ghibli for less than the cheaper Tesla .. I know exactly who got the best deal but getting lunch at a whataburger in a Maserati is funny in a different way lol
Been here for years, love to Doug.
The frunk was design like a sofa to seat 2 persons
I still think the cyber track looks like a door stop
Doug is the type of guy asking to stop discussion about towing capacity when Tesla kicked off the whole truck showdown by dragging an F150 in a tug-of-war and racing while towing a 911.
I can't believe Tesla keeps failing to put a steering WHEEL into their cars.
Chevy LUMINA APV???
Dump trucks are more attractive
So this is an Electric Honda Ridgeline.
They put rubber on the Porsche whale tail and then there’s this dumb pointy thing. Oof lol
Even if it becomes street legal in Europe, you'd have to have a truck licence to drive it (because of the weight).
If this is the future, the future F sucks.
at 1:19 is that a dent in the bonnet (Hood for Americans)
Hideous. Pick up trucks have never been and will never be cool.
I wonder if someday this car will gonna look normal.
The white panels in the interior are an odd design choice.
Talk about insane. Add yourself to the “insane” category. Couldn’t waste my time watching your review.
I wonder why they had it at it lowest stance setting it doesn’t look right almost not like a truck odd choice
It looks like a chunky POS and has zero practical uses. Absolute fail.
Sponsored by Elon Musk. You don't need to expect this "review" (commercial) to be honest and unbiased.
Tesla knew EV's would eventually tank . seeing china flood  the market to fund their cccp war machine hhmm ,, so they saved the Cyber truck as a backstop ..
Its different, and unique...but I dont know that either makes it cool. Its a good showpiece for some interesting ideas and technology, but as a "truck" I see nothing cool about it.
Jesus is God's Son.  Jesus was born by the virgin Mary who conceived by God.  Jesus never sinned.  Jesus was crucified and died for the sins of the world.  Jesus's Blood was shed for the forgiveness of sins.   Jesus was entombed for three days.  Jesus was raised from the dead by God.  Jesus left the tomb.  Jesus was seen, heard and touched by witnesses who said Jesus is alive.  Jesus ascended to heaven.  Jesus will return to the earth.  Jesus is Lord.  If you confess with our mouth Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart God has raised Him from the dead you shall be saved.  Any one who calls on the name of the Lord shall be saved.  For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, Jesus that any one who believes in Him will not perish but have eternal life.  Jesus said, "No greater love has one than this, that one lay down his life for his friends."  If we confess our sins God is faithful and just forgive our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Car looks like its textures are still loading
Thank you for validating my hatred for EV's. Fan's of such sterile trash simply have less appreciation for tactile anything, and as such are lesser digital minions.  Gasoline forever!
If skreech was into cars
So, driving experience is nothing special, interior is like other teslas, infotainment is like other teslas...why would someone buy it?  So the neighbour would say wooow? Stupid way to spend 100k+...
The front hostage trunk is cool. Mwahahaha.
Nobody commenting on the camera constantly changing focal point? Okay, I guess I will.
27:01 "Needless to say, don't stick your arm in there. It will be cut off." Would have been great to test with like a sausage or a cucumber 😅
I am not a raptor owner but i bet theres not a single one upset at this "upstaging" them, doug you cant be serious
definitely an ad
2024 Tesla Cybertruck Review: This Is Just Plain retarded.
It doesn't need a Tesla logo or emblem -> it is one giant Tesla billboard
This truck screams "NPC " lmaao
11:20 LMAO
"Comes from a company run by an insane person" that says a lot about Doug, and not  in a good way
Get top gear uk guys on your podcast plz
That side profile is ugly af
So... Pop-up headlights got discontinued for being a "pedestrian hazard" wouldn't the cybertruck also be considered has a pedestrian hazard by it's sharp edges ?   Of course it can be an exaggeration when Doug said "it's so sharp it can draw blood " but still...
Doug is a type of guy
I wonder what the European Commission will say about that unclear lighting display! Tesla will probably have to come up with a version for the countries of the European Union.
Rear steering helps the steering feel a lot too.
Doug - the type of guy to charge a Cybertruck by plugging it into a computer network.
Not a porsche of course...
I see that everybody say it's trash like it's made in America tolerance between doors on one side you can push finger on other side it's ok etc..
Elon Musk's mind works eccentrically
sounds like... https://youtu.be/8s-hVRtO60c?t=25
Review XiaoMi SU7 Max please.  40k Taycan Turbo S.
Silly!!
Wow, I love how you just get to it regarding everything. You do great work!! 🔥
14:21 Seems like immediate death to the brain dead who would own this monstrosity?
Will it go into park even if you open the door while driving?
why is there so many dislikes ?
If that's a "truck" then what is this ? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Truck
17:30 Somebody needs to introduce Mr. DeMuro to elongology, the science and technology behind elongated objects designed to extend an operator's reach.  Examples of implementation include the ISS-mounted Canadarm, the ordinary tower crane, as well as special lightweight sporting and maintenance equipment like vaulting poles, Billiard poles, torque wrenches and broomsticks.
37:33 So the truck is just a cool, but you shouldn't drive it around unless you're using the bed etc..?
I think Elon played too much Cyberpunk 2077
Che schifo😜
I am able to temper my hatred for Musk after watching this review.  I'm no longer convinced this whole thing is a grift like the taxi tunnels or the colony on a planet that will give you cancer in a week.  Musk the trillionaire should not exist.  Great engineers and designers should.  It didn't take billions of dollars to make a Bugatti or a Ferrari.  It didn't take a monopoly on batteries and rockets and half a dozen other things.  People should put Bezos and Gates and Musk in two columns: A) what did the world gain because of them and B) what did the world lose because of them.  I know it sounds like I'm a curmudgeon, being long in tooth enough to remember a time before those three, but I love the days when a child's best toy was a cardboard box and when the entrance of every family home in America was filled with children's clothing either covered in mud or snow, BECAUSE THEY DID THINGS!  Give credit where credit is due, but know that there will be another coolest thing next week.
Hail to the new king!
Red bmw❤
Can anybody just walk up to the truck bed and push the button to open it?
The first pedestrian to get hit by one of these, Swiss cheese
how does it burn?  we'll see definitely soon...  #electric
"OR, you have a heavy duty one where you can plug in your washing machine and run it from your Cybertruck."  Most useful feature. This changes everything.
If he doesn't throw a metal ball against the window during this review, I will be very disappointed... 😅
world's ugliest car, even Pontiac Aztek is less ugly…….
Seriously even if Elon gave me the Cybertruck i wouldn't drive it. My GOD that thing is ugly.....I could make better looking fender flares with MDF trim from Home Depot.
Hate this dumb car, absolute stupidity
Wish you would’ve highlighted the panel gaps, shoddy craftsmanship and all the reports of rust.
couldnt imagine wanting my car to be a oversized rolling iphone
I cannot comprehend how such a sharp (literally!) design is allowed in traffic where it can be involved in a crash with pedestrians, cyclists or motorcyclists. There are so many sharp edges, that create cut hazards due to the poor panel alignment.
16:57 Daihatsu
Did we just do a full truck review with the thing mostly parked?   Did we just do a full truck review with the thing never going off road?  Did we just do a full truck review without towing anything?   How is this a truck again?
Remember, it’s no longer from California, it’s from good old TEXAS! 😌
10:24  Mkbhd: charge another Tesla  Doug: Charge your washing machine
hey Doug, about rear stop signal situation, I think it because you need a third stop signal because of regulations. Rear light bar could not be stop signal, because mb in that case they should to make stop signal on a roof :DD
Elon is a genius... Not insane as you said.
This is just plain ugly.
When talking about availability, you never mention Africa.
$40 grand initial price...now $80k. That's so disappointing. The only people who can afford it will be rich entitled turds.
I honestly think that the visibility from the driver seat is so bad that this car is going to kill people. I think that this car should be illegal.
It might be later than most, but Doug always gives a quality review. Great job!  Happy to hear you finally able to drive it.
20:55 The gear selector on the screen - I would love to see someone test that in practice like when you need to do a ten-point Y- turn in a tight place or reverse park and adjust by repark and things like that.
*Doug, please review Putin’s AURUS SENAT.*
Ugly as heck.  Novel looking, but ugly.
“Cybertruck font” bro that’s the cyberpunk font😭
I never knew Lady Elaine Fairchilde had any offspring…
I really never wanted to see a review about this microwave (call me close minded). But Doug did one so I have to watch it 😒
Oh wow!!.... I hate it..
The cybertruck looks like a grade 7 science class experiment that went terribly wrong. That much weight combined with that much power will be deadly for other vehicles on the road.
Does it take bullets well?
Finally a concept car that went into production.
I've been waiting for this! Thank you Doug, love your content ❤
I got to wander the conversation about the 90º stainless four corners caused among Tesla's lawyers and (possibly) The Insurance Institute?  Seems like it could be dangerous if a person accidentally fell into those, not to mention the projectile  like damage to objects if the truck impacted corner first.  I'm sure this vehicle will generate initial sales based on it being a truck made by Tesla, maybe not so much over time?  After the well-heeled novelty loving crowd is over and done I've got to wander if this truck has the staying power to survive in this form?  I think the extra-long gestation period won't be the only hurdle the comically named "CyberTruck" will meet.
I usually don't like Tesla vehicles,  and when it came out, I didn't like the Cybertruck either. But now, the production version of it is truly amazing and honestly rather good looking. I just wished you showed the reverse lights.
Doug is the type of guy everyone says he's the type of guy about.
Doug’s the kind of guy who would make a cyberman outfit just to drive around in his own cyber truck.
Doug became a tesla fan boy. Every time he reviews a tesla, and suddenly they are the best car in the world
That's the biggest pile of junk on the road. Plagued with issues.
FYI at 15:48 it is called "low poly" (referring to the low number of polygons used for modeling) instead of angular, pixelated.
So where did the cobalt for the batteries come from? Don't get me wrong I like Tesla and Elon but sourcing major components from companies and countries that contribute more to environmental degradation than most is unethical.
id used the bed of the truck as a hot tub during the summer. 😂🎉
It reminds me a little bit of the armored personnel vehicle in Aliens.
Why can't people just be normal instead of acting like a jack in the box?
Lotta glaze here
Doug you are giving me anxiety
Pretty much all modern cars have A pillar visibility issues. It's an unfortunate design trend across the industry. Granted all vehicles are different but everything I've driven from 2015 onward has had worse visibility around the A pillar than the older (90s and 2000s) vehicles I've driven.
Meh
Literally drew this truck when I was four
Meh... Coolest car you don't want to own
Picture this: you're out in the wild, rugged terrain stretching as far as the eye can see, and suddenly, your Cybertruck decides it's time for a nap because, of course, it ran out of juice. But fear not, because Elon's genius plan includes carrying a spare gas generator just to charge your electric truck. Because nothing says 'innovation' like carrying fossil fuels to power your supposedly eco-friendly vehicle in the great outdoors. Mother Nature must be rolling her eyes so hard, she's creating her own gravitational pull.
There is nothing cool about this vehicle.
Doug never looked so tiny behind a car 😅
Doug became a tesla fan boy. Every time he reviews a tesla, and suddenly they are the best car in the world
Doug is the type of guy to talk about how weird the windshield wiper is without filming it in use.
I really appreciate the lack of hyperbole as well as the lack of manufactured outrage in your reviews, Doug.  Things are "Interesting" or "Disappointing", but not hyped up to the point of being ridiculous. The way some people go on about how they would or wouldn't buy a car based on the presence or lack of a single feature is.... "Disconcerting".
I've seen it in person and I've seen the rivian in person ,hands down the rivian blows out of the water
Meh...
Doug.  Shark.  Jumped.
Got to be the most ugly vehicle 😂
Its hideous
I just know that cs188 will churn out another masterpiece YTP out of this guy.
Unfortunately it still takes forever to charge
Finally saw one in person. The ugliest vehicle I’ve ever seen.
Cooler? I would just assume anyone owning one of these is a total chud.
My guy❤😂
Hopefully p daddy gets life
Hopefully p daddy gets lif
You couldn't scrape the ugly off that thing with a chainsaw.
Doug Demuro without cargo shorts is like a tiger without stripes.
Can’t wait to get mine! 🙌🙌🙌  Had to sell two of my vintage trucks to pay for this one. 😅
No, washing machines use a standard 110V wall outlet. The one in the bed of this thing is a 220V outlet like for a dryer or stove. I assume it's to send power to your house in a blackout.
09:06 don't those buttons short out or something when the vehicle gets wet?🤷‍♂️ This truck is trash. Just saying 😬
What were you doing in New York 👀
I had a Pontiac Trans Sport. It was somewhat difficult to get to the bottom half of the inside of the windshield to clean it. On this thing as Doug pointed out it would be more like impossible. A problem for "detailers"? Yeah, when my windshield gets dirty I pay $200 to have the car detailed like anyone would. And where exactly does the ventilation air come out of - skipped by Doug.
UGLY
The Cybertruck is a quirk and feature.
@ElonMusk ... can we get a DeLorean collab? 😀
.
My man Doug
The legend Doug DeMuro.
1:40 "There are no curves on this truck"  2:50 There's a giant curve on the front.
Is this the one that hasn't started to rust already...
I can’t believe it actually released lol
Elon is not insane, he is a genius!!!
I’d still rather have the Raptor R.
I love how this has an unusual amount of dislikes from the redditors mad that he didn't hate it.
So i havent researched much but is this not incredibly more dangerous to get hit by whether on foot or in a vehicle?
So useless and ugly
It's a Truck yet the door height is barely above your ankle 😮‍💨 This isn't a Truck. It's a EV. That's it.
Sorry Doug. Being the very last Car Reviewer to Review popular vehicles. Yet you eventually Review the popular cars anyway🙄 Its easy for you speak on the contrary once your watched 1000 reviews of it to create your take. This truck is trash. We won't barely see it and I promise you ppl down south and mid west are using their Raptors more than you think. In Cali maybe not. Sorry this Review just because of this truck is probably the worst I've seen of this channel lol
Mmm love to know  how much  insurance is going to be..... hope you  got deeper  pockets  than  the average  man
35:42 Look at all the people that ran to the edge of the bridge to see the Cybertruck
Car isn't cool.
You mean this century
Doug trying really hard to hate the cyber truck.
big yikes
Looks like Pontiac Aztec 2.0
A truck that isn't meant to be used as a truck.
Every battery car should have a 'practicality score' of 1 or 2 at most.
You can  guarantee  someone  will open the back roof and tail gate while  the truck is in traffic to make driver mad... and yes  I'll  be that person
Chris disregarding towing capacity as if it doesn’t matter in a “truck” kinda sent me ngl.
Will it survive flooding?
Ugly vehicle.
Very ugly. This feels like Apple. "Use this and just like it". I'll pass. If you are the "look at me" generation, buy this. If you are not a dbag, buy anything else.
What a pile of crap. Who designed this, Dr. Frankenstein?
THIS is the ugliest car ever made
With all respect to Elon Musk, this thing is ugly.
Doug, it's delivered in "CHILL" MODE. That's why you thought it was slow.
Cybertruck is King
Imagine running over pedestrians in that thing😂
How much did they pay you for the review?
I saw an ugly Supra Roll by today and thought to myself, Cars are getting Uglier and Uglier! And Just right Behind the Supra was Cybertruck. That’s even way more Ugly.
JUST SAW ONE TODAY IN OERSON. INSANEEEEELY GOOD!!! WHICH IS BETTER IN PERSON
Doug is the type of guy to name his podcast as "THIS podcast" instead of "The quirks and features podcast".
Is it just really dirty, or are the doors already starting to corrode? It does look super-duper neato though!
Only dbags drive it
NO its not.....its really just not....
This is not a cool vehicle. Seriously. There is nothing beautiful about it, and it weighs 7000 lbs. Disgusting.
I fell asleep and had the best nap. Thank you Doug. I meant that sincerely.
Tesla should make the wheels and tires triangle too to match the truck. My opinion.
Ridiculous, It's not a truck. You can't put anything in that "bed." Try hauling some studs and drywall lmao
I'd be interested in seeing them translate this platform into a smaller cyber SUV.
00:04 It absolutely is not. Are you high or dumb?
This entire video is littered with 15 second ads  God I hate YouTube anymore
plz correct your seatbelt to fit correctly in the future
Makes the Aztek look attractive by comparison.
Why aren’t we reviewing the car outside? Lighting is bad and the echo ain’t it.
Lame doug I think you got paid to make this video. Not for a working man stay focused.
I wanna see the hydrolics make the CyberTruck "trunk dance" WHERE ALL THE 'HOOD REVIEWERS??
I love it dude! I’m all for polarizing cars
This... Is the incel Camaro
FREE SKIBOKY
the most dangerous about the Cybertruck is the way it makes other people around you on the road behave
Rusty truck
Looks absolutely hideous.  Wow.
forgot the hidden bottle opener in the bed.
22:13 The fact that they included the audio has me dying 😂🤣
Would it be too much to assume that maybe the cyber truck is inspired by the DMC DeLorean???
That is one ugly vehicle !
Clowns car.
The 6.4k dislikes speaks volumes.
I wonder if anyone has actually ran there washing machine from their cyber truck
The main thing that turned me off is the black only interior and that just gets too hot in California.
looks like a Delorean / Shriek , baby.
You lost me at the intro homie. Calm down.
We got nintendo N64  Roblox Low Polygon Graphics Car in RL before we GTA6 😂🤣. I would be embarrassed seen in one of those things 😂
2025: "Remember the CyberTruck?"   It's the IRobot car for Purchase, neat concept
Lost me at cool
Doug makes me feel like I should wipe my phone screen at every “THIS” but I love him long time.
Not a single mention of the cyber truck being bulletproof?
A car made for grinding people on the side-walk
The “frunk” is rounded isn’t it? 1:58
Doug is like a muppets character in real life 🤣
How the hell did this pass pedestrian crash safety standards.
Well, I didn’t watch any reviews of the truck until I watched Doug review it. And yes I would love this truck.
Waiting for new Land Cruiser
I’m the guy that looked up floating vibes surfer blood. Anyone else?
By far the ugliest car I've ever seen. It looks like a goddamn Frigidaire.
needs to be wrapped in flat black.
Jay Leno /Crispin Glover 😅
I bet Tesla is more excited that Doug is reviewing their truck then Doug is reviewing their truck.
Insane person, shots fired. I’d have to agree though.
Sadly, this is one of the ugliest AND one of the most expensive trucks ever made. I wouldn’t keep one if Elon gifted it to me.
FYI,,, Washing machines don't require 240v, u meant clothes dryer. Althought that is not proper receptacle for a dryer,, this receptacle can run your stove/oven😊  Love the Doug!! You do an awesome job
A piece of garbage .. this is not a car this is an ugly object produced before an idea of a maniac like Tesla owner
check 2:18.... Engineering Team: 'Elon, we are still struggling achieving panel alignment and spacing like 20k cars had 20 years ago...' Elon: 'Let's go for some really sharp edges with this one....' :))))
Doug is the type of guy to see something by looking at it.
Has John Delorean been reincarnated as Elonn Musk?
How much money were you paid for this review?
Technically, it does not look futuristic. It looks 80s Retro Futuristic. It looks like a typical 1980s concept car. In other words,,, Professional designers of the 1980s thought this style of vehicle was too tacky for mass production. Think about that... lol
Imaging mounting a six-barral railgun at the trunk on the truck
I would be really concerned about not seeing a pedestrian due to the huge A pillar, and of course the sharp edges if and when the truck hits that pedestrian. I think you should have taken a look at whatever collision avoidance features that are present in the truck. Maybe the truck can 'see' that pedestrian behind the A-Pillar and trigger an alarm and braking if the pedestrian starts to move towards the truck?  I can see why Europe is reluctant to approve this as roadworthy as they have far stricter safety standards.
This vehicle embodies everything that is wrong with personal transportation.
"this will rip your arm off" title: "this is just plain cool"
Can't say l agree about it being the coolest pick truck.I think its the ugliest car l have ever seen in my life.And how can an ugly truck be cool?And how will the design age over time?
9:38 The cover being more aerodynamic is not exclusive to this truck. I had a truck bed cover for my truck, though it didn't cover the rear view.
Ugly
stupid truck..because it is too smart
I don't know how you can watch this guy. I turned off the video after 30 seconds.
F***ing Elmo... "look, it's funny because I put the audio of my very obvious embarrassment over the car not being bulletproof or whatever into the infotainment system so we can laugh about it together....you guys think I'm cool, right?..........right?" It's a cute inside joke just for us cool guys!
I imagine this thing connects to the internet, if so, does that mean the drive controls can get hacked?
does no one realize the entire front is curved?
That door isnt even aligned
Doug the type of guy to use the Cybertruck Frunk to cut his hot dogs up.
Most ugly
That acceleration at 37:07 was the most depressing thing ever 😂 “head turning” for all the wrong reasons lmao
Minimalism...you get half a car for twice the price
Woulnt want to get caught inside when it gets hacked
If Quentin Tarantino does a review, this is what he would like and sounds like…😂😂😂
doug's the type of guy that wakes you up to tell you he's going to bed.
"It comes from a company run by an insane person."  This made my day.
Anyone else find it ironic we get constant ads and reminders to not use our phones while driving, yet almost every auto manufacturer is putting a tablet in your center dash? Especially when things like climate control, seat warmers, etc  are on  a tablet, it's just asking for distracted driving.
This is really a modern updated pontiac aztec a.k.a walter whites car. Aint nothing special we aint seen before
Who told you it would be a good idea to review a car in a dungeon? It looks horrible, you should continue doing them outside.
Elon after a vfewv bong hits probably told a buddy, i"ll design a truck so ugly people will line up to buy one
Nothing cool about this.
Someone design this car with a ruler I guess, when you don't know how to draw round shapes.
Years ago , when ford redesign the Taurus , their slogan was that not a single straight line was in the vehicle.
How in the world do jackasses like this get a million views in a day?
It’s so different that you either love it or hate it!
More like automotive engineering disaster.
10:24 He means a drier. You can use a 110 volt outlet for a washing machine
two words: low resolution
Well I worry for that pedestrian who gets hit, with its sharp edges
I'm still waiting to hear anyone in the real world actually take this vehicle seriously. If its only tagline is "it's cool", then this is going to quickly fade away
This car body causes electrical friction when you touch it from time to time
There's a curve, Doug. Did you not look at the front hood edge?
Looks like Doug has finally sipped the Cybertruck cool-aid...how sad 😢
accel is an 8? and Hummer EV accel is a 9????    It has 4 wheel steering and it has a turning radius of a compact SUV and it's handling is a 5?  How is it less practical than the hummer? and ford f150?
"hell for detailers...GOOD LUCK" 😆
14:47 the guy popping his head to look at the truck
Overpriced, outdated and utterly useless gimmicks! In short, a waste of money!!
🇵🇬🇵🇬,.,.., ,.,.👀👀👀
Did he forget to mention 4 wheel / rear wheel steering as a quirk?
It's the ugliest vehicle I have ever seen
Still waiting for Tesla to make an affordable electric car. Crazy how many gimmicks they put in, cool as hell but do I really want to pay for a mandatory motorized glove box?
Elon’s genius is clearly visible in this vehicle… a dangerous concoction of stupidity and incompetence, combined with wishful thinking and a genuine lack of understanding of what people need and want!
Looks like the Colonial Marines vehicle from the film Aliens!
People can’t get over the looks of this truck so they don’t realize how advanced it is. Yes, it has its issues but it’s the first model year. Growing pains.
Guess Who....    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IZYBEJboQA.
Is there a spare tire & Jack?
Cybertruck =  Cyber El Camino.
23:21 If the law requires the owner of the truck to have and use the rearview mirror, then he should not remove it, and obey the laws that are fair, for the safety of others. Repent and believe in the gospel of Jesus, the Son of God, the Messiah.
Elon musk is insane? You're an overanimated child man
Did the Stainless Steel come from China?
Oh cool.. another Elon idiot
Coke is one hell of a drug
Has anyone Test the Glass Strength?
I hope you mentioned the fact that  frunk will remove your hand if you leave it in there I guarantee you there's going to be a lawsuit how can you engineer Rockets to go to outer space but you can't engineer a sensor that senses when it makes contact with something while it's closing I mean those panels and all that trunk is All Steel so imagine it's pretty heavy and so those have to be able to push down and pull up a lot of pounds
And I thought my FJ cruiser was weird....
So ugly in person😂
One awful looking vehicle  ...
#GRIM SOL the best coin meme of the millennium.
Give me a Silverado before 2014 and I am happy, this truck is stupid.
If it's so minimalistic why is it still so expensive usually if you get expensive it's not minimalistic that kind of doesn't seem like a good deal
While I like the truck, the more I watched, the more the price went up, so I didn't bother watching the whole video, because I will never afford the truck.
If insanity makes you a multi billionaire, then get me a padded room tomorrow because I want in.  Bad look Doug. Stick to wacky quirks and features, not wacky political beliefs.
You call it a truck, but as a truck it's not fit for purpose!
You mighty not want to leave it outside, or in your garage either!
"Steer by wire" is basically the "fly by wire" system that commercial jets use; basically artificial feel for side stick/yoke control. Generally it's a hydraulic reserve that gives you that artifcial resistance for your controls to make it feel conventional.
For me, its honestly the dumbest looking truck I've ever seen.
I’m going to start calling the CT a P.O.W (Polygon On Wheels). :)
What a stupid, ugly "truck"
Why... EV's are a total scam. 18650 batteries power this stupid thing. Do your research on that.  I like my 4 runner.
Really bro….
The whole review is was thinking of that gorgeous e34 M5 in the back! 😅
I'll take a vehicle that has the steering wheel connected to the wheels, thank you very much
Even if I was like the Prince of Persia I still wouldn't buy that thing it is ugly there's plenty of vehicles electric or gas powered that can go as fast as that it's just ugly stupid design stupid kids idea or whatever his daughter thought of it or drew it or something dumb I mean come on bro supposed to be the most brilliant human being on the Earth that's what you give us some freaking Lego looking truck maybe in person it looks better kind of like when you see a Ferrari in real life it looks kind of cheap
Chuck Norris won’t fight Doug. They are friends.
Doug with the 🔥 right out of the gate "this is an insane looking vehicle ... from an insane owner."
Haven't wanted to visit the local hertz rent a car until this review
I live in liberty lake Washington we have a pretty reputable dealership, I’ve seen truck loads of 5-6 trucks heading for the Tesla dealership, I’ve seen three or four driving around already. But I don’t like Tesla or electric cars but they are something to see in person
Does not look fun to get hit by as a pedestrian, and more concerning is the low visibility.
Spray paint rims
Steer by wire means that the steering wheel is not ”physically” connected to wheels instead it is electronic. That is why its possible for it to have that kind of changeable steering system. In high speed it is not as fast.
This thing will be the delorian of the future swapped with an ls
It looks insane, or it looks like someone insane designed it. I choose the second!
Just can't wait to see who is the first to win a law suit against this polished mirror that catches the sun light angle that blinds the other drivers on the road . and causes an accident that could of been avoided if the sunlight flash had not bounced off this mirror. personally this thing is dangerous  any one seen any chrome bumpers lately? they are gone for reason . Ugly unsightly and just putrid to look at !
Insanely ugly, insanely unreliable. Insanely difficult to charge on a road trip.  Insanely expensive.  Yup! Insane!
Ugliest car ever seen🔥
saying tonneau like a canadian
“Boy does it get high”
This car is a joke
I didn’t see the wiper until I saw the wiper and now I can’t unsee the wiper.
that red e34 is my favorite part of the video:)
This is what I’d expect if Whirlpool designed a truck.
Rust bucket
Steering feedback: dead Driving experience: boring  This is Doug saying that this is fine for a 100k car.
Ugliest thing I've ever seen.
Got to give Tesla kudos for doing a totally original truck design....instantly making all other trucks boring.  But beyond the styling, the steer by wire, 4wheel steering and gigacastings makes this truck extremely impressive.
Looks cool on screen, looks atrocious in real life.
I hate this ev truck crap … clean fuel is the future
Shoulda just filmed the review outside . Inside lightning terrible and camera issues
I finally saw a Cyber Truck in Person and OMG it was the Ugliest Vehicle I have ever Seen.
Is he smoking something? Why does he wave his arms round all the time?
Doug keeps apologizing for Tesla's poor design. For example, Doug said that the bed of the truck is not easy to use. (The single most defining trait of a pickup truck.) And then Doug literally said, "No big deal."  So Doug thinks it's not a big deal to be able to comfortably use a truck's bed? Stop making excuses for a company that makes a lousy product.
I live in Austin, Texas and I've only seen one Cybertruck. There are more Rolls-Royces and Bentleys on the streets. Yes the Cybertruck is super cool!
Cannot agree it’s very cool or good looking, but It’s very unusual . Also whoever bought the car now will look like fool in a few years because the price will drop at least 40%
Everybody: I will just use a rag mounted on a pole to clean the windshield interior.   Doug: I don't know how you're going to get in this area to clean the bottom inside of the windshield.
Im not some idiot birther but this looks like absolute trash
The most idiotic car ever built after the Multipla.
There's no voice activation for any task? reverse, window , close bed cover etc.
The Gimmickmobile is here ladies and gentlemen
I saw one of these on the road today. It looks so futuristic especially amongst the rest of our cars.
Is that foundation lettering printed or laser etched when laser cutting the pannels? I work in a steel plant we make and cut and bend stainless and non ss steel galv aluminum etc
Flip your seat belt over.
Just rode in a friend's Cyber Truck today for the first time. I absolutely love this thing. I don't really need a truck this size anymore, but it is fantastic.  He still has the mirror on the windshield, but it is mostly useless.  Comfortable truck and very roomy for my 6'4" frame.  I sat in back and front. He has been using it for the past month shlepping dirt, decorative rocks, and bricks for his parents' house.  The turning radius is amazing.
Ahhhhh... Doug still using his grandmothers White chair.
God that thing is fugly
That's ugly
Love the Cybertruck! 😊
The camera focus issue had me thinking I had a problem
It's horrible...
the steering wheel reminds me a gamepad
"Embrace the power of the pyramid" -Stanley Hudson
THIS, is a Cybertruck. And it is weird.
this is one ugly vehicle
Doug is the type of guy to sit in a rolling chair for a walk around.
🤣
Doug is the type of guy to name his podcast as "THIS podcast" instead of "The quirks and features podcast".
Its ugliest car
should have square wheels ..hehehe just saying .. so wouldn't brake the design look ..
What a turd car.  Jesus, how much are they paying to have all this excitement around this dud?
Surfer Blood queued up on the screen - that made my day.
This is amazing. Every single part of the design is one catastrophic flaw after the other. it basically could not be any dumber. Whoever made this, are on drugs that make you dumber. 100% sure. Every part of the car is one mistake after the other.
Think i would buy a GMC truck or Tundra. This truck is trash.
Anti-ergonomics in form of a car. No handles, no buttons, tons of sensor panels, cameras instead of mirrors and sharp edges everywhere.
This is possibly the ugliest car ever made.
The cybertruck look 3D printed
No mention of the 4 wheel steering?
Can you review the lexus es 350
I would add a custom 1970s style bed cap.....you know the old aluminum ones with the scenic  mural of a fish jumping or a deer on the sides.....just to add some class and utility to the the bed.
This is what you get when you make a new trendy truck, without ever needing or owning a real truck.  Lets see how that ss hold up in the northern winters and the salt on the road.  Its nothing more than an embarrassing gimmick.
Its the worst looking vehicle ever made, and is definitely NOT a truck.
“–This vehicle is completely futuristic, sharp angles, a thing never seen before…  Picasso: AM I A JOKE TO YOU?”
Missed something. Most trucks have the brake light on top of the cabin because sometimes you haul item that are longer than the bed and you have to leave your tailgate open. Cybertruck has its light bar/brake light on the tailgate.
Looks very weird it is not near anything timeless or beautiful just different but not in a good way
Finally a cyber truck review looking at it for what it is not trying to destroy it, break it, or can the company. Enjoy this for what it is.
This look like car graphics on a PS2
Oh no, no Tesla logo? How will people know I'm driving a Tesla?! 😂
This the new Aztek? Looks just as amazing as Gen1.
Wait: FMVSS doesn't REQUIRE the turn signals to be on a stalk?
Free Palestine 🇵🇸 , Save GAZA Children 🇵🇸
The Second coming of Hummer.....
I wanted to hear some info about the crazy looking tires. C'mon Doug
Love THIS! car podcast
the white balance was wild this ep
I really don't know what to think about it. I just love that they went through with original designed and never compromised to fit in.
When the boogeyman goes to bed at night he checks under his bed to make sure Doug isn't down there filming a detailed review about him.
Is it even legal to remove the rear view mirror??
I already see how cargo jumps in the bed and damages this roll panel
I think it’s very plain and boring 🥱
Doug throwing shade at Elon early on “ It comes from a company run by an insane person” hahah I love it
Those things are ugly as hell lol might as well put some wheels on a stainless steel fridge an ride that down the road lol
Saw one parked at a biker bar. Looks like a combat vehicle that could have a machine gun turret pop out of the trunk. Awful!
Doug is the type of guy to review a car on a refrigerator channel
Doug DeMime 11:15
based truck
Garbage design. All hype. If you buy a car because you’re thinking it’s cool. It’s NOT cool. And you know what else is attention grabbing and head turning? A car crash.
You can it Cybertruck, I call it pedestrianslayer.
This guy will slap his approval on any turd as long as he gets paid....
A thing with six angles is called a hexagon. If there are eight angles, it's an octagon. But I guess car enthusiasts aren't math enthusiasts.
The engagement on this video will be through the roof 😅   So many "adults" crying in the comments about Elon lmaooo
Surfer Blood??, you’re such a burnt out Hipster.
So if the interior LCD fails in any way, you have a big paperweight. That's kinda scary when you think about it.
33:45 but Raptor owners can actually drive their trucks offroad lmaaoooo
@13:20 that poor BMW is watching him review the Cybertruck like "what the hell happened to the automotive industry?!" 🤨😐😭
So if you keep your mouth close while driving this car, you will get an extra 1% range 😂
If only the rear view camera would work at night on a rainy highway.,..
This is my single most anticipated video in the last 3 years of any genre from any channel.lol Love Doug Demuro. He is the best and he is at his best reviewing the best vehicles.
Doug the type of guy that goes "oopsies" when he drops something.
Sorry Doug, but if I had a Raptor "R", I would not be mad... Not even a little... Good review as always tho'
if I was Tesla I would say ' it is not a car or a truck, it is a cybertruck' and I would not have made it Tesla but the first 'SpaceX Cybertruck'... It is a work of art.. It generates so much emotions...
Only missing is a lamborghini v12
I’m not understanding how the CT got a “9” for cool and the HEV1 got a “6”. I totally disagree. I think the Hummer is much cooler in every aspect. What do you guys think? Did he get it wrong?
What a hot mess
Huge Tesla and Elon fan and I gotta say Doug, your reviews and passion are second to none, absolutely second to none! What an absolutely astounding vehicle, looks like you had a lot of fun with it! Thanks so much Doug, I hope we get the pleasure of experiencing you reviewing automobiles until you just can't anymore! FYI: trunk will *not* close or cut off a limb. It will safely detect it, stop and reopen -  https://youtube.com/shorts/TRKA97d12Ds?si=vd2BqsxzVhw4xKnE
This was epic Doug is the man
The closer I look, the more it looks cheaply made.  Typical Tesla.   Thanks Doug, now I know it's not luxurious or well made!
Bad graphics if it was a car 😂😂😂 (JK the car is GOATED)
Cool for the "look at me" no matter the reason crowd.
It's a piece of junk.
Doug, love your content but seriously: a 10 cool factor versus a 6 for a Rivian R1T? That's not serious.
Please stop reviewing in an echo chamber Doug
No.  It is not cool.  It is ugly.  It is impractical.  it is stupid.  It is GAY.   If you like it, YOU are GAY
The great thing is that the cybertruck is an expensive vehicle that for once I feel no sadness or jealousy at all because I can't afford one myself. It sure doesn't appeal to me in any way.
That wiper placement leaves rather a significantly large portion of the windscreen unswept... it's almost as if there's a reason why virtually all other vehicle manufacturers use at least two blades regardless of placement for clearing the windscreen...
So lame
Ugliest toy ever. The complete opposite of green. The design department should be fired.
Doug seems like the kind of guy to remind the teacher on friday to give us homework
I hope the cybertruck never leaves the US. I don't want to see this ugly thing in my country
I don't like this basement videos, Audio and image is of and you are always in hurry :(
Hi Doug, the term you've been looking for to describe it's design theme the entire video was "low poly"
I always thought it looks like a tweaked version of Citroen BX ...
Cybertruck and Elon Rock!
So, Am I the only one thinking.... Man what a cool red M3? Hahahaha
Don't you have pedestrians in the US?
How is not being able to access the back trunk easily “not a big deal”?!
Your seat belt is giving me ocd
I’m disappointed that Doug didn’t bring up the unique features of the CT such as the Borosilicate infused windshield, dual pane shatterproof door glass, proprietary stainless steel, inner door/frunk lid/tailgate/quarter panels are also made from SS, the hidden tailgate latch release door, etc.
What about the reverse lights?
"Dog: polygons "Doug: pixelated
ingress and egress getting in and out of the truck!!!!
How much was doug paid to be nice about this utter piece of crap
Well done America 🇺🇸 for calling them hazard lights 👍🏻
My company has a delivery van that is as big as the Cybertruck and fits 2 full Euro pallets (forklift, boom, full) or 8 people. So in terms of use, the truck is complete nonsense. But if you want a toy and just fancy something completely absurd, okay, it's achieved that.
Ugliest car ever made #1
I guess this wouldn't be road worthy in Europe.
Plain cool and plain ugly. People will buy as a social status. Look at me I'm driving a cyber truck I'm a cool guy. Tesla is the iPhone of car makers.
Review was biased to the positive side. Not balanced. Sounds like a fanboy describing his favorite band or team. Hard to take Doug’s review   seriously.
Anyone else notice the Cybertruck is like a reincarnation of the DeLorean?
@14:45 lol reminds me of mario cart
I miss when doug would breakdown reasonings for the dougscore
Ersatz futurism
Rust
It looks like a big silver shoe
What a piece of junk
"Giant truck" I daily drive a 3500 this isn't a giant truck.  It is heavy
I would the hummer EV over this
17:49  If Stopped Hi! Bill  If Driving  Bye! Bill
Tesla cyber truck: an exercise in marketing and nothing more
What an absolutely hideous piece of garbage
My OCD was going crazy at 6:00 staring at that misaligned drivers door. Seriously Tesla? Panel alignment should be perfect on a $100k vehicle.
I think Doug is just “as insane” as Musk! 😅
The echos in this video are crazy. The garage space is great, but that’s the next level for video quality Doug!
OH BOY OH BOY I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS REVIEW FOR YEARS 😂😂
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Doug the type of guy to prefer cool edges over pedestrian security
1 million views already, interesting.
Glad u did a review even though its not listed on cars and bids
The owner found aftermarket lug nut covers and center caps. Nice!
HAHAHAHA that glass breaking thing is CLASSIC elon. 🤣 Friggin billionaire with a child sense of humor😂.
Doug it the type of guy who doesn't know the difference between polygons and pixels.  -edit: If only humans had invented tools to reach things that are farther away than arm's reach the window could be cleaned. Oh to dream.
Doug the type of guy that tucks his shirt into his underwear
Are the wheels theft proof?
The front wheel is bigger than the rear one 🤭
600 horsepower, 3750 kilos. that's less specific power than a mini cooper s has
The second gen cyber truck  is gonna be awesome
Doug the type of guy to get sick of these comments.
21:08 how funny😂 is going to be if the screen breaks how 🤔do you suppose to change gears Elon musk is like I love turtles 😁
The ultimate “screw you I’m rich” lunacy that ever was…. It’s just embarrassing.
At last!!!🔥
Seems like the front pillars are obstacles to seeing cars to the left and right???
"It comes from a Company from an insane person" ...really?
the cybertruck sucks im disappointed you like such a thing
Run by an insane person? 🤔
Looks like it was designed by a third grader.
Finallllyyyyyyy!!!!❤❤
Doug, you really need to get some foam on the walls in that garage to reduce echoing. It's brutal to listen to some of these reviews when there's so much echo.
Doug the type of guy to think a washing machine runs off 220
You ever reviewed a hydrogen Nikola semi truck??
Steer by wire boring? Doug's a Ford employee now???
And the front hood is already dented.
I've never been so pumped to watch a review video for a vehicle I despise so much. That's the Doug DeMuro effect.
"Insane company owner" is the deal breaker for me.
9:22 E34 spotted
I debated this and opted for the Hummer EV instead, and no regrets it’s an awesome vehicle and more what I personally wanted from a truck with just as much cool factor without the ugly.
If Doug takes a journey to China and tests a dozen crazy cars there, his conception of "plain cool" will change a bit.
I don't like a lot vehicles cause of the way they look....but this one  is the worst.
Ugly SoAb... This is shame for car world!
Elon Musk thinks this will sell???
A toy for rich people …serving 2.5% of the population of NA. Rest can’t afford it and or don’t have any practical use for it.
The used Cybertruck market will blow out of proportion in a year or two when people realize they got fooled by tricky marketing stunt.
As a designer, the amount of sacrifice of ergonomics and practicality sacrificed just for ugliness blows my mind. Its just like the Countach!
This thing screams maintenance nighmare...  (full disclosure - I am a fan of roll up windows)
There's one these driving around in my town all the time. It's quite ugly. Its a head turner because its big and ugly. when I first saw it on the net I thought this look was a temp thing to keep the finished product a secret, but I guess not. I see nothing appealing about it unless you're one of those people that like to stand out by looking odd. I don't even find it really futuristic looking. It feels almost dated like looking an old Tube style TV compared to new flat panels.
Car for 5 yr olds
Wow so high class.. a trunk cover that looks like a roll down door stores and businesses use as a bed cover.. a garbage truck that the 90s doesn’t even want back
Sorry this thing is hideous….🙌
the boy finally got one to review! <3
I love
Man I HATE HATE light sharing.  I hate it when front running lights turn off when the blinker blinks on I hate it when the brake light flicks off when the blinker flicks on I hate it when the rear running light drops away when the blinker drops on  The truck does all three.
Finally someone referring to North America that also includes Mexico and Canada. People USA is NOT the same as North America.
Cybertruck gives me iPhone 1 moment … feels like begin of history
A major drawback of the steer by wire is that if the car is off or battery dies, you can't steer the car to move it off the road.  Unless they thought of that and included a way to activate the steering without starting the truck.
Good job this monstrosity does not come to Europe. German Tüv would surely ban it because of those st....d sharp edges, and rightly so. Highly dangerous to any other traffic participants.
I think this thing will continue the tend of trucks and SUVs killing people walking. It's a cool truck, no doubt, but it shouldn't be street legal.
I would rather take my 4Runner cause it will outlast the Cybertruck and be reliable
Elon Musk saw i robot and went hold my beer
No crumplezone deathtrap
The Cybertruck is this exactly the type of vehicle that people in the 1980s thought we would be driving in the 2020s.
Hideous design.
This truck looks used straight out of the assembly line. 😂 What a piece of junk.
I don't like the design, but it's fantastic to have something original! Bravo Tesla
I would have given a value score of 5 instead of 7.  It is way too expensive, IMHO.
there is one parked across the street from me right now, it looks pretty ugly 😂
yeah as cool as a funny shaped fridge 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Steer by wire. Raises a few questions. If it dies on the road somewhere and you need to push it out of the way, how do you steer the vehicle? And how many good Samaritans will it take to push that 6900-pound box of batteries out of the way?
Doug the type of guy to call a virtual dog made of polygons "pixelated"
Doug got a E34 M5?
When i saw this yesterday it only had like 83k views and i was wondering if it was even gonna be trending. Woke up this morning and it's at well over a million.. and #7 on trending.. sweet
Already know everything about the Cybertruck, I just love Doug
i'm glad this will never be legal in Europe
Different for sure. Interior looks awful
The pickup you drive if real life was Star Fox
You should get one and wrap it white to go with your Countach!
What a dumb truck.
Just what the world needed. A doorstop on wheels.
I want a ringtone of Doug saying "Boy does it get high"
Pile of crap
FInd me a guy that says "tonneau" in a weirder way. I'll wait.
“It looks absolutely INSANE”  “It has INSANE performance”  “It comes from a company run by an INSANE person” 😂😂  - Doug DeMuro 2024
Styling 1 Acceleration 9 Handling 3 Fun Factor 3 Cool factor 2 Features 8 Comfort 6 Quality 5 Practical 5 Value 5 Realscore 47 I don't know what Doug is smoking, but glazing Tesla is the last thing he should be doing.
That windshield reminds me of the windshield in my Chevy Lumina APV, it was hell to clean
Im sure you get plenty of corrections and I don't mean to be annoying. I agree about everything vs the R1T for the Doug score but I believe the CT is still faster than the R1T against the equivalent model.
Probably one of, if not the ugliest vehicle ever made.
Can you put the Cybertruck in neutral?
It’s trash
The iPhone of cars. Owned by the same kind of people. That steer by wire thing is horrendous. Imagine the ECU has a problem and suddenly the steering wheel doesn't work.
New terminology: instead of a pedestrian was hit by a car, now a pedestrian was cut off by a car…
The Tesla truck that is not practical. By the way, wait and buy Toyota new water engine. EV cars will be obsolete.
Thanks for the excellent review!  Based on the required on-screen slide action to put it in gear, how do you do a necessary quick k-turn?
I love the fact that boxy vehicles were considered outdated, old and ugly. Now this is the future -_-
Buying a ridiculously overpriced truck to look cool is okay if you're in high school, but you should probably grow up after graduation and quit caring what other people think.
Its Ugly  ..
🤣🤣🤣🤣 https://youtu.be/t3ALnQUZSeQ?si=3k8ox0Pcle0kvxtn
Love that it looks so diffrent roads look so boring all smilar cars
It’s interesting to look at, but also “tremendously” ugly. Its radical departure from typical design is what makes it cool…but that doesn’t mean it’s pretty. It’s like the rounded cars of the early 90’s. Everything in the 80’s was boxy, but when cars started getting round, everyone jumped on the trend. The designs of those first rounded cars in the early 90’s haven’t all aged very well.
The Cybertruck is exactly the type of vehicle that looks like it from the 2020s.  Everything else is plain, boring and old.
Yes, this is just plain cool, my friends!😘
For the price it should have crazy wheels and not peasant wheel covers!
OMG!  Was able to take five minutes of this guy. Way too obnoxious for me.  Nothing more than a Tesla Cybertruck hype video.  Watch at your own risk!
Am someone who does not appreciate any Tesla model looks - both exterior & interior ... Not saying they are not a good vehicle, but that there are many other EV's out there that look so much better ... IMO, Tesla's are very bland and unremarkable in looks ...
That front trunk not stopping and beeping when there is an obstruction seems like a huge safety issue.   Someone’s going to lose a finger, or worse.
The mismatch on those panels and the panel gap is just God awful. Hard to imagine that as acceptable for a car that is sold for as much as it is.
Ugliest vehicle I’ve ever seen lmao
ugly.
Oh God a 40 minute video… but my lunch break is over in 9… Ah they won’t miss me.
It always cracks me up how animated this guy is when he talks. At the beginning when he’s standing behind the truck it’s hilarious to watch his head bobble around while his arms flail with every syllable lol   I hope this is just for YouTube and he doesn’t actually do this while talking in real life.
😂 this guys is just goofy asf
What happens when you fail at Art Center!
When he showed the Trx and raptor R I was like yea I’d rather get those 😂they were looking juicy
Teslas interior design is just lazy. Even with the original Model S - it was just “install iPad here” and a straight line. They must not have much of an interior design studio - hell GM had more interesting interiors in the 80s when everything they made was plastic junk and had a hundred buttons.
Doug’s the type of guy to call a genius insane
The ugliest new vehicle on sale, if you have taste you would avoid this monstrosity.
For such a huge car, it has a pathetic bed and it's also ugly.
We get a bunch of these here in Tahoe coming from the Bay Area every weekend. Apparently, being an insufferable a-hole is a requirement to own one. By contrast the Rivian weekenders who visit us are very pleasant, normal people.
I enjoy your videos Doug, but I’m not sure you know what “automatic” means?
Doug is the type of guy who would tell you about how the truck shifts from the screen, but forget to show you the HIPS (hiding-in-plain-sight) backup gear shifter just in case the screen fails.
“I’m not like the other trucks”.  Can’t believe the public fell for this trash bin on wheels.
This AAAND Thiz AAND Diz AN Ziz
Pretty sure I saw something similar to this in the movie, FREEJACK.
The unholy offspring of a DeLorean and an LG refrigerator 😬
You should find an aerostar
Acceleration is just fine… driving the fastest truck in the world.
Guy have you actually looked at the thumbnail. I'm afraid its not cool. It resembles something my neighbour banged together in his garage. I expected objectivity.
I hated this thing when it was announced, but now that I've seen details, I hate it more.  What's up with the (lack of) locking diffs?  The hardware is clearly there, and this is going to have to be an OTA update?  Ridiculous.
there's a fine line between radical and ridiculous.
My dream is to own this monster one day
Cybertruck: Official winner of the "World most useless car" price
That is ug........ly
The Cybertruck will never be sold in Europe. Its impossible to legalize it here.
I don't understand all the hate for the cybertruck honestly. Is it ridiculous? Yes. But it's still a cool novelty in my opinion.
This is the people buy and defend with their life for to justify their bad WAY over priced purchase. Know deep down they say "f my life. 😂
In my opinion I don’t think is cool ,  It’s rare and ugly
15:47 The word you're looking for is "low polygon" Doug xd
Doug the type of guy to review a refrigerator on a car channel
I’ve seen so many gap panels and misalignments two minutes into the video lol
THIS is a review I forgot I needed.  Big love Doug Diego!
Doug the type of guy to edge and goon to a car's quirks and features
After Doug gave all the other influencers a kick at the can he comes along and gives us the best review by far!
Who complained about turning the wheel? Seriously.
I don’t this a cyber truck owner will be using it as a truck. It’s going to be some rich woke dude in California pretending to be manly.
Cut! Now Doug let's have another go and try to be a bit more enthusiastic and animated.
My 2022 Genesis g70 turns like this.
I've been intrigued by the Cybertruck since it was first debuted...5 years ago. IF it had been released on time, at production volumes, and at the targeted $35k price tag then I would have one parked at my house now. But, none of that happened.   So, I have a $35k Ford Maverick Lariat Hybrid that I'm perfectly happy with. I'm getting well over 40mpg on my commute and it's got enough comfort and features to keep me happy.
Forget the Cybertruck…what about that gorgeous 5-series in the background??
The Cyber truck is plain ugly inside and out...I'd go for the GMC Sierra EV Denali
Ah the riot truck is getting reviewed.
I’ve been waiting for this vid 😍
It looks so dumb .. 😅
How tf is Doug not going to mention the custom tires when talking about the axed wheel covers?  This thing on wholeass custom made, CyberTruck specific tires, with those wheel cover designs modeled into them. And Doug doesn’t even mention it.
crazy how they want all cars ev in 2035 but this probably will not even last till 2029 without rusting or blowing the motor
Windows in the a-pillar is not uncommon. The Buick Verano/Opel Astra has then as does the Corsa. I think the Honda Jazz/Fit too.
Ahhh, Doug. I knew you'd come around! As I stated in the comment's in 2021: once you've seen the Cybertruck (love it or hate it) there's no going back.
the lgbtq of trucks
That may be in the top 5 ugliest things ever invented.  Move over Aztek and Cube.  It could have an insane interior and engine and that is still hideous.
I don't like that you film the videos inside now. It was better outside!
30:11, you can already see the discoloration on the door panels, even in the areas where you DON'T touch it.
Still the ugliest vehicle ever built by humans...
Kust like all unoriginal Remakes, The new Tesla Delorian is just as bad.
🤔....what's cool is the GT 40
So you finally got to review it? Is the cybertruck going to be on cars&bids despite Tesla’s restrictions?
I'm not watching the pod sorry Doug
I wonder how it will handle the weather elements in the next winter considering the rust stuff
Doug the type of guy to lay out his ankle socks before he goes to bed.
Muskmobile
This is frankly just a truck made by people who dont drive or like trucks. They just made something funky looking and decided to make it fast at the detriment of utility.
Poor Doug is so triggered by Elon Musk 😅😂
I would have one...
Me: Im not to sure I like this overly mechanical design Camera: [Heavy Breathing] (@3:25)
As Doug suckles the Teet of Elon Musk, who is a Russian apologist, Doug is also aligning himself with the Russian regime attacking Ukraine, a sovereign nation.
Dude the raptor is $120k now? And people still buy that?
It's so cool, but so dumb, but so cool
Is there any market for these things outside of wealthy dudes collecting toys and dogmatic technophiles seeking social credit from their in-group?
BORING, vehicles in the early 1900s look like this. Then they became sexy and stylish. There is nothing I like about this vehicle not even the crazy styling. And the prices of course which we were promised are out of reach now for most people. At least the hazard switch is a triangle.
lo,l
That touch screen to control everything to me is nightmarish.  For a car I need buttons, dials and switches!
So many design features that impede actual usability (access to the bed, controlling the transmission via the screen, being able to clean the windshield and most importantly having decent visibility while driving). I wouldn't drive this if you gave one to me. I'm sure people will buy it, but I wonder how many of them will actually like it after living with it.
Hey dougy could you review a manual is300?❤️
I live in the north bay and still haven’t seen a cyber truck in person. Can’t wait to check one out in person.
I hate electric cars, but this is  absurd by even Tesla’s standards.  This is without a doubt the  ugliest thing I’ve ever seen  on four wheels. You know the auto makers at the manufacturing factory has  to be laughing their asses off  as they’re making this hideous  abomination from hell.  What the hell was Tesla  thinking ?!?!?!?!?!?
Steer-by-wire will be the standard in future thanks to Tesla
Disappointing to hear you calling one of the greatest men alive insane.
Sorry you had to do this Doug.  Looks like an 8th grade engineering club competition entry.
I love how anyone who lives or is associated with California has to call Elon insane.   I don’t own or use any of Elons stuff, I’m not a fanboy. To me, it’s just like a tell that you are probably pretty misinformed about what’s going on in the world.
That wiper is competing with drake
My 2009 bmw e60 has "Stear by wire" in german aktivlenkung. Im suprised Doug seems to think its a New Thing.
At 2:30, looks like it has a crease in the left front corner of the hood/frunk.
That is hideous 🤮
this is just plain UGLY !!!
Not even remotely "cool." Been utter trash, from the rip. And still is.  But, sure. Here's my view. Cuz why not.
How did this guy get so popular? I can’t listen to more than 2 min of this garbage…
This truck isnt for sale on CARS AND BIDS!!!
Dustbin on wheels…that’s the ugliest car I’ve ever seen
Ohhhh, that red bmw...
Almost 40 minutes of listening to Doug, I'm exhausted...
I saw one of these trucks in all black a few days ago.  It looks way better in person and in black.  Plane stainless steel makes it look like a large refrigerator.  Being new, it's a good conversation starter, but I'll take a regular gas-powered truck or SUV over this truck any day.
Doug, washer uses normal outlet. It’s the dryer that uses the 240 v outlet.
I hate a lot of this vehicule
This has probably the most dislikes of any Doug video. And I have no idea if it's from Musk fanboys upset that he didn't praise Saint Elon enough, or from Tesla haters who base their entire personality around disliking a car brand.
Doug with a Cybertruck? Some clown must be trying to sell one on Clowns & Bids.
In love with that red BMW, so sexy <3
The tires are put on wrong.
Gaaaaaaaay
Looks like a half chrushed pop can  😒😒😒
The autofocus is going bmm tssss bmm tss bmm tssss doo doo doo doo do do doo doo doo doo do do do bmm tss bmmm tss
This truck would be awesome if it didn’t look this stupid
This is you: 🤡
Total rubbish of  a vehicle, what a waste of $$$ unless your a multi millionaire
Ok but it would have been really funny if the hazard light button was a circle
Who the f cares you Barney
I really can't picture the moment Tesla designers showed Elon this giant metallic Dorito.
Very ugly, I would not take it if it was free.  Real men don't want this toy car.
Tun-no cover.
Is it true the cyber truck rusts!?😮
Yamaha Jet Boats have offered drive by wire steering for a couple years now, it's strange to me and I don't like that I can't keep turning the wheel. Doesn't feel nearly as intuitive to me as traditional steering. Would love to try it in a car.
Your a dork Doug
This truck is proof that Elon Musk wants to be Tony Stark.
Cyber Truck vs. Pedestrians, I'm getting Fruit Ninja vibes 🍉🔪🍎
california became so dangerous doug in now filming in a bunker and driving around in bullet proof cybertruck
Lightning rod on wheels. Remember when trucks were simple and easy to lean over the side to use not this neutered down stuff.
To be fair there is nothing else like this on the planet for a reason, probably because it doesn't work that well lol. Try owning an electric car in sub-freezing temperatures or extreme high temperatures. You'll get a quarter of the range that the factory claims you can get even on a good day. Less we also forget that the American supercharging network is abysmal at best and at least 75% of the homes in the world today can't even support a charging station for one of these vehicles. Thousands of dollars have to be done to the electrical systems of houses to even be able to install a moderate fast charger
I miss the old Doug 🥲
🇹🇯🇹🇯
One of the ugliest things ever made, who wants to be seen in one of these?
It’s a shame that the truck is worth nothing as far as reliable vehicles go. Let alone perform as a legitimate pickup truck.
To me it looks like a nickel-brushed doorstop.
I love the car 🚗 😍
The yellow lights make it look rusty
Saw one on the road the other day, interesting thing... I normally like a vehicle more in person than in pictures or videos. Not so much in this case.
What an idiotic dangerous menace.
My favorite car on the market… 🔥One day
A vehicle that’s currently banned in Europe as it fails pedestrian safety regulations.
Id love to know why Doug thinks Elon is insane, but i have an idea.
Idiots in 3 tonns of steel with bad visibility, buying car 2x the size they need, is just so 'Murica...
I remember when it caught everyone off guard when it was first unveiled. Everyone was expecting a Model X with a truck bed, and then THIS drives onto the stage.
I run cameras for my rear view mirrors in my cars. They record as well. The picture and ease of use is better than an actual mirror,
Finally!! Something that is uglier than the Aztek.  Dont care what it does, cant stop laughing at it ....Looks like a space buggy from an Erector set
There is nothing new about this thing. Huge, inefficient trucks are normal in the US and De Lorean did stainless steel better. That looks like it was cobbled together from a restaurant kitchen.
So, DMC made an e-Truck
The best part about this video is the beautiful red E34 in front of the truck that is apparently part of the owner's collection 👍 very good taste
Plenty of steer by wire cars out there. It's working great in my 2014 Q50
Never spending one penny on a Tesla product. Dude has turned into a right wing conspiracy lunatic.
I never tire of Tesla coming up with solutions to unnecessary problems that they have created for themselves.
I met Doug in Waikiki. He was very cordial and personable.
“Cybertruck is King!” That’s all you need to know
I want one so bad
Doug is a type of guy who reviewed a delorean truck
I just know that cs188 will churn out another masterpiece YTP out of this guy.
Quirks and features.....panel gaps seen from space.
Better top up the liability insurance if you own this car! 😂
CARS & BIDS I love the website sooo much!!
Tesla certainly knows its customer base for this pointless nonsense: people who need to re-evaluate their priorities.
biggest question - will it burn as good as other Teslas ? ;-)
Designed by the crew from Lockheed’s Skunk Works, but lacking in the radar absorbing material.
Can we once again talk about how he pronounces tonneau cover.  Cringy
I'm not a Tesla fanboy, and I don't fancy electric cars, but I do love this car. It's not ugly, it's just futuristic and minimalistic. It will be appreciated later on as a design icon. It's like a DeLorean for the new '20s.   I was very disappointed when I've heard it won't come to Europe because of regulatory issues... I was very much looking forward to see this moonwalker vehicle in real life... maybe someone brings over one as a showpiece at least. But it's insanely large, 5.7 meters and 3 tons... that's Gargantuan for our tiny roads here, just like the Hummer H1 was.  I hope Tesla will find a way around the regulations, and it will eventually be available here. I'm gonna flip out if I'll ever gonna see one in person...
Let’s see Doug’s  house with all the money he makes from talking like a high pitch dork every 2 sec I wonder if his wife has a Doug score -1 for penal size and different 0000.01 for dress code
Lambo gave us hexagons. Tesla gave us triangles
Doug is the kind of guy to find features in a car which has no features.
What if the screen fails and you want to drive your cyber truck ?
I honestly don't see this being sold anywhere outside America
Is it me, or do the back wheels look smaller than the front wheels?
Bro the type of guy to drive a cheese grater like that in public
The Iron man Transformer Truck 😂
Washing machine’s don’t use 240v outlets, dryers do though. Cmon Doug! 🤦🏻‍♂️
It upstages nothing, because it's so crappy. It's more _weird_ than a TRX or RaptoR, but it will forever live in the shadows. They used such a bad grade of stainless steel that they're already rusting. The body gaps are wildly inconsistent. People _want_ turn and wiper stalks. In fact, people want physical controls more than ever(radio, climate, mirrors, seats, etc.). I can do _everything_ in my truck with my eyes closed (because it's not six menus deep). It's just... a button... Radio, climate control, trip odometer, telescope & tilt wheel, mirrors. It's also hideous. The Lightning is better by leaps and bounds.  You won't believe how I pop the hood or set the parking brake in my 20-30 year old ICE trucks. _Physical effort... GASP_  I also get 300+ miles of range in 2 minutes at a gas pump. The tow pig gets 1,200 miles of fuel in 6 minutes(800 miles loaded down). When ranges are as high as fuel and charging is as fast as fueling, I'll change. Yes, I need that range. A couple years ago I drove 14 hours one way, slept for three hours, and drove 14 hours home. I'm not a commercial driver, so it was perfectly legal. I believe it was about 950 miles one way and I never stopped for fuel until I was at my destination. But I regularly drive 300 miles one way without stopping, stay for 2-10 hours at a cabin with only level 1, 120V charging possible, and drive home. If I remember correctly, charging at 120V takes about 60+ hours. Even at level 2 I'd have to be there for 10 hours.
What would really be cool is if Tesla built a cybercar. Come to think of it, they should build a freaking DeLorean... people would go apeshit!
I can wrap those "curves" in black or red shiny latex?
Doug, the auto pilot, locking diff., and lane assist are all coming.  The FSD, which is also coming, will blow the comp. away.  Oh, and it's bad form to wait til' the fastest truck hits to say we are all past caring about ev's being fast.  And, the minimal interior makes the truck easier to keep clean which truck owners have begged for.
looks like a “futuristic” vehicle from a movie in the 1980s 😂
Keinerlei Kritik an dem Fahrzeug enttäuscht mich doch etwas
Doug for President ‘24!
looks cool but too bvad the build quality of tesla have been soooooo bad....and lets not even talk about the STILL ON-GOING gap spacing problems EVERY tesla has....
"tesla tried [the wheel covers] out and they didn't work" uhhh didn't customers try out the wheel covers and they didn't work? lets not assume tesla extensively tested this vehicle
You gotta respect a man who knows his truck is so iconic by looks alone he doesn't need to advertise his company anywhere on it. Kinda like how everyone knows a Countach by the profile alone! Bravo Elon, bravo!
Tesla engineers make use of all panel gap to “hide” all lights, genius!
Love my Tesla’s, there are some very impressive features on the cybertruck. But goddamn it looks awful.
Can’t help but feel it’s going to end up in the 3rd drawn down with my Gameboy.
Unpopular opinion: 🥴🤢🤮😩
that thing is so ugly
Yeah i hate cars with wheel covers 😂 bet that thing would look slick with chrome valley wheels with bf Goodrich tas ko2s
Where the heck is the engine?
America is falling apart at the seams.  Yet, there are still people who's main concern is finding something to spend $100k on, to look "cool".
I despise that "cool" Cybertruck font on the doorsill. Just as Im trying to warm up to this dumb truck, that font completely kills it for me.
😮 Finally the Doug Review 🫣😁 top List F40 Cybertruck not to mention the skyline and the 22B
I am in Switzerland. Tesla ist pretty sure to sell it in Europe. I will order one. Preorder I did first Minute.
Doug could become a north korean propagandist
Doug DeMuro Is Now Number 1 On Trending! Good Going, Doug! 😁😁😁
God i hate this vehicle.... its so bad....
27:00… bye-bye !
I like how it looks, just different sich makes it cool in my opinion. Such a design would have never made production in any other company.
doug mixing up hexagons with octagons smh
Matt Farrah said about the Alfa Romeo 8C, that "pretty beats everything".  Science says, for every action there is an equal opposite reaction.  BTW, if I designed and made this thing, I wouldn't put my name on it either.
People go nuts seeing them because they can't beleive something this stupig and ugly is sold.  Not because they like it.  Anyway the majority.
Why does Doug think Elon is insane? Is Doug a libtard or something?
Did you stop and get your palm read
Great video, as always.  Even if I could afford it, the price is too high and the styling is just ugly.
Used to think it looked cool. Then I saw one in person on my morning commute last week. It is so ugly.
Doug is the type of guy to casually gloss over how hard it is to use the bed of the truck, thereby defeating the purpose of truck
I've been a cube/element hater but think this is worse
I clicked on your video only to comment this: You have become irrelevant.
A car that has the nickname "IncelMobile" really demonstrates the subjectivity of the word "cool"
It’s a cool car… but for me it’s one of those cars I am glad someone else owns…
The AMC Gremlin was received about the same. The ugliest thing on the road but somewhat useful if you can overlook the horribleness. 😏
Lackey shills like doug: "This Is Just Plain Cool"  EVERYONE ELSE: "No. No it is not."  Skotty Kilmer was right about doug de'shillo. P.S. Why dafuq is this piece of... propaganda promoted on my video-suggestions feed/start'page?!
Oh yeah that frunk is getting a sensor asap before the lawsuits start. I'm even seeing tesla doing free retrofits for early models like this.
Thing is hideous
It’s the dryer plug Doug, not the washer… I own multiple gas and diesel products So drill baby drill… I’d buy one nonetheless… Plenty of room for electric future… AMERICA!
Nothings cool about a car with no parts counter
It'll be cool seeing Whistlin Diesel destroy one of these.
The Cybertruck isn't a Tesla for truck people. It's a truck for Tesla people.
A normal wheel just makes more sense.
Ngl it doesn't sound very enticing or "futuristic" for that matter  It seems like its just another Tesla with okay-but-not-great built quality and unnecesary "techy" quirks just in a weird shape.  Its almost like if Apple made a car.. and not in a good way.
About time Doug. You used to be the go-to for new car reviews. What happened?
Wait you can raise the height!?!?
This is garbage truck available only in USA where safety is not important
WOW! Even online one va see the serious panel alignment issues. Can’t believe people pay such big money for something that British Leyland would be proud of. My guess is they are going the same route… to the grave.😂🤣🤪🤮
This abomination would k1ll you even if driven uder 20mph
On what planet is the Rivian quicker? There's literally dozens of drag races on YouTube where thr Cybertruck is the fastest.
You can't define this as cool, come on man.
Triangle triangle triangle, so cyber truck is also illuminati 👁️😶
Desenho absolutamente futurista!
Not sure about Doug's "Doug Score" on this one... Seems inflated.
Looks hideous let's be real lol
Tesla would be a MUCH better car company without Musk. They have some really fantastic innovations which could make really great cars but this seems to just have been designed because it's what Musk wanted and the ergonomics and innovation are secondary to that - prime example, the doors. Sure they *look* cool, but they aren't practical. What happens when the buttons freeze over and you can't get in? The gear shift in the screen is another. Sure it makes the cabin look sleak but it's impractical. Good design is where ergonomics and design work in harmony, but this (and it's not the only car/product which suffers from it) is design first and practicality after.
Would have looked very ‘futuristic’ in 1980 if you were watching ‘Logan’s Run.’ Today it just looks what it is: a stupid folly. Banned in Europe anyway as it would never comply with safety regulations pertaining to pedestrians. I guess they don’t have pedestrians in the US.
Space Karen’s Origami nightmare…🥷🏻
'You're going to be driving with a big bed that you may not be using'... which is 90 percent of all American drivers
Steer and brake by wire should be ilegal. I still don't understand how they managed to go through certification with this...
Cybertruck better rated for accel than the Rivian and Hummer? Isn't the Cybertruck faster than both of those?
The built quality of this car looks way below average.
Looks like someone started to design something and never finished it.  Hideous.  Uncool and not futuristic. 🗿🛒  Should send it to Mars with his rockets.🚀
Hey GM, should of have made the Aztec in stainless steel, and everyone would called it cool and unique
4 minutes and I messaged my wife.....let's sell her Jeep Cherokee and get the Cyber Truck!!!!!  Please honey you will love it don't doubt me.🤠
Doug's the kind of guy who never stops waving his arms around, despite it being an obvious distraction.
It's about time Doug!
Well Im glad I ubsubscribed as this review is just too praiseworthy none of the real questionable issues with it raised.
Dude, you can't open the tailgate without using the button? Not crazy about that
Should've talked about the huge panel gaps and doors misalignments 😅
Firks and queatures
its ugly and stupid.  they are starting to rust already..
The sharp edges will kill or seriously injure pedestrians and bicyclists that the truck gets into accidents with.
This truck is going to be SO old hat in 3 years time when you see them everywhere, and it'll be boring too because they're ALL in the SAME color!
This… is boutta be your most watched video.
"Which tesla calls the frunk" This was always called a frunk. Also it seems you keep connecting "steer by wire" with the steering ratio. That's not what it's about, "steer by wire" means there is no physical connection between the steering wheel and the wheels as it's all done electronically. The steering ratio can also be achieved in a normal car without steer by wire. However, it can not be adjusted on the fly like this tesla can.
No Doug, it's plain ugly.
My car came with adjustable suspension in 94 😂
NO THANKS--  WILL BREAK DOWN AS 20,000 MILES
Watch the price come down as they produce more of them.
A car which cant carry a bike at all. Trash car period.
Sometimes things are different for a good reason. And sometimes things are different for the sake of being different. The exterior design seems like a case of being different just to be different.
An insanely rich patriot
Does anybody know if this 2024 Tesla Cybertruck is on sell on Doug's  cars and bids website?
No it’s not
Very cool
Tesla is genius, this is a free viral mobile billboard that is the hottest thing on the road. People that are curious will find out model Y starts at $36k and the $25k model is on the horizon.
nice car
Nice looking washing machine
wow
Doug is a sham, the car is a compromised disaster, and why do you still film your face on the drive, people want to see the car not you.
14:47 dude peeping over, thinking are you done yet?
That is one ugly looking truck !
The frunk will stop if there is something in the way...  https://youtu.be/5G0DCIKuAsI?si=BJ-_MiFeA9S-oZVj
There is actually one curve on this truck, the upper front bumper has a curved stainless panel.
If that car will present us as future  Den daaammm it will be ugly
Finally a well done and entertaining review, without unnecessary nonsense and that gets to the point. The Cybertruck is a beautiful object that contains useful technology that differentiates it from everything else.
This car is even uglier than toyota prius...
Didn't know that Doug reviewed fridges but ok I guess
Was planning on getting a CyberTruck, but Elon Musk is an A$$-Clown, so I getting a Rivian.
I find it hilarious they were concerned about the wiper aerodynamics when the truck is essentially a giant steel box on wheels
It has a couple of cool features, but that doesn't overshadow the fact it looks like a concept car that was shown in 1984 but never went into production (as it shouldn't have).
They really thought it would have better performance if they lowered the polygon count.
why doug has not sorted the score list. 73 comes after two 72s
Classis doug when looking at the tailgate. Being a total goon pretending he can't reach in. An Oscar will be on its way for that performance 👏 😂
Doug the type of guy to rate slower acceleration higher than faster acceleration
"Given some of its regulatory challenges" - understatement of the decade
https://youtu.be/98hNKRSl-4Y?si=blZruzDMKBvW2Zjx
Time for everyone to learn the smith keys. As for the A pillar, rock & roll. This is a truck drivers truck.
Would you actually call the cyber truck a true pickup truck or  a car due to the fact it really has a trunk and not a true pickup truck bed??
The tailgate sticks out. Like basically every other truck? Lol
Nothing but a toy for city posers. Absolutely ridiculous peak Tesla and EV stupidity. It's as if Tesla have learnt nothing from the last 60 years of vehicle safety.
I'm actually impressed Doug has managed to give this a fair review, in spite of all the hype / hate.
Too many functional and safety compromises simply for the sake of design. Hard pass!
Good grief, that interior.... Minimalist, basic, simple... cheap, dreadful ergonomics. Overall looks like a car designed by 10 year old.
that shirt is not a person it will not shut on your arm. That pretty LAME test.
the truck gave the vector 2012 nostalgia
weird take for a gentleman who has ridden the best cars available
Is he high? He moves so twitchy.
What an incredible piece of engineering. No wonder if took so long to build.
Finally Doug
It's homer simpson's  greatest design
5.7 meters pretty normal size for pickup truck 💀💀💀
Nice dent less then a minute in😅
I am 55 years old & I can get in the bed of a truck whimp
I probably do more truck things with my hatchback Mitsubishi Mirage than most do with their trucks. I often carry lawn mowers, ladders, roofing, flooring, and other large items in it. It gets dirty, but I try to keep up on keeping it clean. But it's a cheaper car, if it gets scratches on the plastic, who cars? I mean, I do, I'd like it to be in the best shape possible, but it's not nearly as bad as scratching a $100,000 truck.  The 0-60 of 4 seconds is insanely fast, but honestly, the 0-60 of about 14 seconds in my car is really all you need. I find it more than enough for my daily drive, about 80 miles.
It looks bad, will be only in us
The only people talking about towing capacity, etc...well, they are the poor people who do have to own trucks as part of their day-to-day job.
Doug...a guy who makes a video explaining why he's not doing a Cybertruck review...then does a Cybertruck review
what an horrific vehicle
Love them or hate them, at least....nah I hate them.
Doug needs to stop drinking caffeinated drinks.
wow I hope the person selling that Cybertruck doesn't get banned from Tesla for life.
Sorry, but its hideous.
What do you do when your screen crashes?
There have been optional locking rear differentials for a long time why Tesla couldn’t make a complete truck or a complete truck I don’t know who you’ll have it over the air update. Vehicles have no business being connected to the Internet when you sell vehicle it should be completed to vehicle.
I paid 9 grand for a 2000 Jaguar XJ8 in 2011. Titanium color, black leather interior. I kept it clean, and I always got comments on it. And inside, the layout is still gorgeous.  Now, probably 5 grand. Then it will go up again.  The money you save is so much that even if you put in a rebuilt transmission, you still have a bargain. And we're talking cushy...
How is possible that us regulations allowed this sharp edges on car ? This is no safety feature.
How does this pass pedestrian safety 😅
How did it pass pedestrian safety standards?
Styling = 5??? insane
I’m hanging out for the Cybertruck to come to Australia in a few years.
So if the screen breaks, you can’t use the vehicle at all nice no not nice. Well, I’m sure it’s OK that it doesn’t have doorhandles for the winter because you really shouldn’t be driving in the winter anyway because you’re getting 20% less range winning no
Man I can't believe this, was watching some old videos about the cybertruck, and then the question struck me... Did Doug DeMuro do a video about it already? The answer is yes and it was released just 17 hours ago, the algorithm works its way once again.
Was so scared Doug was gonna cut himself. Especially on the bed area, casually resting his arm on the sharp area.
It’s only talked about because how garbage it is Doug.
I'm not gonna go with the hyped-up crowd flow and say the interior is horrendous and reminiscent of a milk float. It can't even drive itself. And it's a truck right? and it doesn't have diff-locks, off-roading in the Wallmart car park? Not useful in the field.
garbage
most hyped car of the decade for me is definitely Ferrari Purosangue
it's an aztec. He just copy pasted the review. lol
Yup. Insane, unsafe, silly.
Not "plain cool" Every single EV is an environmental disaster. From the production the disposal and everything in between. This one is exceptionally ugly and has about 20% of the utility of a short bed Chevy. In real life conditions, the claimed mileage never happens. Plus, why should a plummer or waitress or factory line worker subsidise prissy virtue signalling twerps with their tax dollars for the EV tax credits?
Premature wear of stainless steal? Are going poltically correct in the car industry now too? Why not say just RUST? Why not point out that 40 years old delorians still look like new while week old Cybertruck has rust spots already?
Finally Doug found a vehicle that ONLY comes in the launch color.
Damn, it's like F-117 but in road vehicle version!
The security guard at Tesla came up with the design for the cyber truck
Elon should just hire Hyundai's design team, the concepts they have revealed do minimalistic retro chic so much better than whatever this is trying to do.
Yeah in a world where some people unironically believe that a trace gas vital to plants destroys "the climate" if white people emit it, that there are more than 2 "gEnDeRs" from which you can freely and repeatedly choose, or that a totalitarian, oppressive death cult invented by an early medieval psychopath is a "religion of peace", Elon Musk surely counts as insane. 🤦‍♂
Mid-life crisis mobile
One of the ugliest vehicles I have ever seen, it's not really cool it's just new and different which will all go away just like it did for all other Tesla models.
This !!!  Is more elon musk junk
There is NO WAY this meet the minimum pedestrian safety and light requierements to be sold in the USDM, aparently regulators got some "presents from Elon" same with the TUPlD Yoke
This is not for sale on cars&bids...Doug folded
The only thing it looks liké is à humvee and it's even uglier. And it seems like it comes with Terminator all around, which really doesn't make me hope for a beautifull future.
It's too heavy for Europe, unless your have a truck license and/or are willing limited tot 80-90 kph. The size might work for some, we have fullsize pickups too, but the market is waaay to small for even these fullsize pickups to have a regular import channel. The Cybertruck even requires all kind of pedestrian safety.
Anyone else besides me get excited for the red E34 @17:29?
my god is sooo ugly
I think calling Elon crazy is a little far fetched, seeing that he is the richest person on Earth. This truck is crazy though & in my opinion, not a good move by Tesla. If the glass is shatterproof, how would someone break the window in an emergency from the inside? If the body is the frame, then is the truck totaled from a fender bender? Is there adequate crunch zones for high speed collisions?
The Pontiac Aztek is the ugliest vehicle ever made. Tesla: "Hold my beer".
Since the gear change is on the screen, how does that work in winter if you are wearing gloves? Do you need to take them off or does the screen work with gloves?  Living in a cold country I hate having to take my gloves off in the morning when getting gin the car 😅
Arg, the audio on these indoor reviews is terrible. Please go back to the outdoor reviews Doug. I just skip to the driving portion of most of your videos now.
The Cybertruck is ‘cool’ because of angles and fonts, but you can lacerate yourself on corners, chop your arm off on the ‘frunk’, and the windows will cause issues with pedestrians because “you can’t see everything that’s there.” Oh, PLEASE keep it as a ‘not for export’… thing.
It took me a while to realize Doug must have the same autism Nardwuar has.
An overhyped vehicle with unnecessary features.
Doug: the stainless steel body is something completely new! DMC: 💀
“A company run by an insane person” Doug is such a classic north east liberal it’s repulsing.  (This comment will probably get deleted because it doesn’t adhere to YouTube’s left winged agenda)
So cyberbeast gets 75 doug score😲
pure crap
Can someone explain to me how steer by wire works? Like is there no mechanical connection with the steering wheel and the front wheels? And then how can you steer it if the battery is dead?
Looks ugly with these rounded wheels but not triangle shaped ones
Once the hype wear off people going to realize how ugly it is
Doug the type of a guy to review electrical appliance on a motoring channel.
Biggest joke in the entire car industry
The thing that i like the most about that truck and Tesla in general - they just dont afraid of new stuff.  When first tesla came out, it blown the automarket so much, that we have almost every automaker involved into electric game.   Now this car shown up, and it shows that people actually like it.  It shows, that customers actually want something crazy, out of box, not standard, generic.  And its great that Tesla had rewarded for that.  Maybe looking on Tesla and how they chinging standard's and open new ways, other automakers starts doing the same.  Maybe they reveal something new, fresh, weird.   Cause in the last time, it seems like most major automakers, just stuck with what they have, unable to creat something new.  They alway do facelifts instead of changing design, cause its more economicly reasonable.  They always afraid to change something cause castomers want buy it. And bla bla bla.  And here it is, the fridge kinda look electric truck that everybody wants.  Come on major league, start doing something new.
Doug, it is not a cool vehicle, and nor are you. Please just stop.
Man why don't you do a POV camera? Is it to be unique? I get it but do the POV camera thank you
So many small electronic latches… I bet Tesla is going to make a killing on selling those to customers.
I’ve never seen the word trash spelled (cool) before 🤔
Doug, you are a wealthy men now...get out of the basement and find a decent spot to do a review.
The legal reason for putting "Foundation" on there is because they used Charity money to fix the cost issues. Thanks for pointing that out.
Rivian has exactly same things plus more
I like how it’s different from anything else on the road however, it’s just awful. An industrial fridge on wheels. I’m glad it’s not coming to the U.K.
Not just one plain, Doug, several plains.
I weirdly know very little about this truck. I seen a few on the road, I don't know what the inside looks like. Or if it's 2, or 4 wheel drive, or it's range, or efficiency, or if it even has a frunk.
Best car for the NPC generation.
Really, Elon Musk is insane? Got a clinical diagnosis for that? Really unnecessary dig.
One of the worst vehicles ever made. Worse than Hugo...
What an ugly thing. What the hec is that!!!!!!!that it's NOT a Car. Who came with that stupid idea??????😂😂😂😂😂that's a Joke
Doug is the type of guy to charge his electric car at a super charger instead of using his own charger because he thinks it makes him look cool
First of all that is not a truck and second it is one of the ugliest cars I have ever seen in my life
So that's what a car looks like that was designed by a 3 year old, still mastering the arts of speech and logic.
You'd never be allowed to drive this here in the UK it's just to dangerous for pedestrians plus it looks like something a 12-year-old boy would draw.
I don’t think it upstages anything in terms of “coolness” I think it’s more uniqueness and I think that’s an important distinction to make Doug. People look because it’s rare and bizarre not because it looks better or cooler.
Cybertruck reached the right hands
Why is the market of cars like Mclaren Speedtail and Aston Martin Valkyrie on a decline? I mean they’re undoubtedly one of the most technologically advanced cars in the last 10 years..
Kitchen sink on wheels
Ugly as f€ck better Rivian
Doug needs a new camera!
Love the steer by wire concept
This is the one time i have disagreed with Doug, "Cool"? NO. I just cant like this car, at all lol. Ugliest thing i ever saw. I didnt even know how the inside looked till i watched this; i hate it even more. Everyone has different tastes i guess. This is when a guy that isn't a car guy designs a car. Horrible.
Is that rusted already lol? big junk for sure lol this is never coming to EU market for sure
Every reviewer seems to highlight the Cybertruck's 'steer by wire' feature as if it's a groundbreaking innovation. This repetitive emphasis raises questions about the independence of these reviews. The uniform praise across the board leads to suspicions that there might be agreements or contracts with Tesla, influencing the portrayal of what is essentially an established automotive technology as something revolutionary.
37:07 the launch experience in the trimotor is a completely different experience.
I was expecting more hate in the comments.  Insert negative comment here.
This will become a police vehicle soon.  They will need to get rid of the glass roof and put on the extra batter pack for 500 miles of range.  Everything about the car can be repaired, so buying one and keeping if for 10 years or more will be nothing.
Ideal to glue on some sexy curved 3D printed parts
Cool where? Its gauche.
Crazy 🇨🇭
An 8-bit car, with design features influenced by Battlezone. (Just add green LED strips)
I love a sunroof that opens.  Tesla is not for me as most electric cars. I need a traditional car thats electric.  With luxury features and feeling.  I don't wanna be seen in this truck. Its not giving work truck and too expensive.  Its giving im the architect or owner of the contractor company.  The rivian is in my opinion at least pretty.
哈哈哈 双击窗户那个 彩蛋 笑死
No it’s not. It’s marketing, and it’s pointless, and dangerous.
It's bulletproof too, greatest quirk of all time?
If our car drawings in school were made into an actual car.
They should make a cyber suv. Same length but instead of a bead have a third row.
Wealth wispers. AND THIS DOES NOT
Looks just like Jay Leno and even has his same lisp.
How did styling only get a “5”? 🤷🏻‍♂️😂😂😂
When is a crapbox electric truck that weighs over 3 metric tons is described as plain cool, I despair.
best looking car i ever seen in my life
Doug I love this channel.  I haven't watched the video. Its the intro. I hate the Cybertruck. I hope you give me a realistic review. I'm attention getting enough.  I'd rather a Mercedes ice or BMW electric car. They look regular.  I appreciate traditional looking cars. This is gauche and just gauche.
Musk read Foundation and looked at the evil empire and the mfer modeled himself on it.
anyone buying a truck to look cool is a major default…
I just noticed that Cybertruck looks like a house
My jeep wrangler from 1999 is still better 😂
What’s that red BMW in the background, an E34 M5?
So Doug mimics being a person possessing an extra chromosome as he poorly demonstrates getting into the bed of the CyberTruck... why?
I’ve seen better curves on Lego builds…
i won't be trading my raptor for one
so hol' up, your access into the doors is by a capacitive touch button. What happens when the battery dies? Or does Doug get to that? I'm at 12:46...
Doug the type of guy to drive a Cybertruck through a Tough Mudder obstacle course.
Only an idiot will give his money for this trash car
Th e brake light needs to be reworked.  That is the only thing that is weird; and we are talking about the CYBERTRUCK.
Guys the type of Doug to….😂
Lemme get this straight.. if, for any reason, your tiny screen get damaged or malfunction you can't drive your 100k "heavy duty" truck. That's the stupidest, most neo-libertarian bull💩 ever and people are still in line to get this abomination
Byd outsold Tesla
Cybertruck is awesome. The tech involved in manufacturing it is truly the most modern humans have to offer. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder obviously, and although I think we all agree it’s ugly, sometimes ugly is just plain cool.
I don't get this car, it should be perfect for me since I have a pickup for my hobbies and a EV for day to day driving. I just cant get over how ugly it is. :(
You reckon it'll never make it in the European or Asian markets,  due to regulations and crowding? Agreed.  But it will SMASH the Australian market to pieces. It's just what we want!
Looks like a vehicle from a 1980s tv show. A tv show called Cybertruck.
Honestly, the windshield, from the interior, really reminds me of my 2012 Honda Civic Hatchback. It's way more rounded, but the windshield also goes WAY forward.  Edit: AND the lifting of the rear seats is also a feature in my Civic 😂
My jokes  1. Pontiac Aztec made a truck? 2. Is this another scam from DeLorean? 3. Why is Doug reviewing a car that I saw in every 80s Sci fi movie.
The steering ratio is the same as in BMW 5 and 7 series from 2005 with the dynamic drive option. Or dynamic steering was the option name?
Is he stupid on drugs or what! the hype of a idiot
34:08  “The Company is from California” Well Doug… not anymore.
4000 dislikes from TRX and raptor ppl  😂
Is the control screen adjustable for angles and height?
36:30 👍 alright,  cool. Doug just past my old Jr High school I used to attend in 1985 on Park Blvd.
idk sure is ugly lol, i think i trade it in for something else.
Props to Doug, love his reviews, he can even make a kitchen appliance with homicidal tendencies on wheels, seem interesting.
Tesla Thailand just put out a notice that there is something that will happen with the CyberTruck in Thailand. 🇹🇭. No other details except to “Stay Tuned”.
No its not Doug!
finally! someone selling a cyber truck on cars and bids ….😂😂😂😂 despite all the fuss!!!😂😂😂
Man, I can't understand Tesla simps. How can you say this looks cool, insane, etc. ? It looks like a piece of crap. It is designed to kill any pedestrian it touches. It chops off fingers with the frunk. It has poor range. It comes withouth the much awaited self-driving(but you payed for it). It has poor trunk ergonomics. It has all the disadvantages of electric cars. Not to mention all the reports with rusting and the hideous craftsmanship of how the car was assembled. All this, for the ultra affordable price of 60k-100k USD? The only insane thing about these cars, are the owners....
Cybertruck kills the hummer. R1T is great though. Probably the best of the bunch.
Looking forward to having this car banned in Europe 🤗  It's just insane a vehicle so eager to hurt pedestrians is road legal in the US
As a German, the sometimes sloppy gap dimensions make me catch my breath
I’ve been curious about the A/C being all electric for power. In a modern truck when the truck shuts down at a light the A/C just blows air not cold air until the truck turns back on and moves. How does the Cyber truck not run out of juice when you’re parked with the A/C on waiting for someone?
'life style thing for rich people' :)
Doug carries on too much, but good channel.
I love California
I fail to understand how this design with pure angles and straight lines and ZERO curves passed safety regulations...yet curvy sports cars with pop up headlights went away due to safety.  Man this world is weird.
Kudos to the engineers to actually creating Elon’s vision despite the challenges they have to face with that.  But this car will never be anything more to me than a symbolization of what an petulant manchild Elon is.   And how can the tone still be ‘this is cool’ when you’re explaining that it’s made up of razorblades?  For all the reasons, maybe most of which for lying about both its release and the reservations people made for a product that was far from finished and is WAY more expensive, this could be the worst ever vehicle on the market.
33:20 it cool to be cool but when you lie about your product  that should be pointed out, not to take it easy like it is oke to lie your costumers.
Grenadier 100% better although I understand it might be a different car concept. But no doubt about which of the two is the versatile one...  Does anyone ask about what will happen with all those little electric motors thar action every little thing in this monster?...
Looks like a house in the desert design.
funny how a car is trash when they don't pay you but cool when they do
19:30 is that red bimmer a e39?
The most impressive thing about this truck is how fast people can turn on something with a little propaganda and disinformation
You know, I kind of thought the Cybertruck was rather silly, but now it’s growing on me
The Cybertruck would be at home in a Blade Runner film.
They cheap’d tf out on those sun visors
Doug the type of guy to be the last one to review a Cybertruck on youtube.
Doug the type of dude, that drives cybertruck in shorts. Wait what?!
Would love to see how ppl will review this car in the future
😂😂😂 looks like 💩
I gotta agree, the Steer by Wire is the best feature of the car. I can already imagine driving a mammoth of a car turning left or right leisurely.
I live in Newark, CA and I actually saw a Cybertruck with the wheel covers on near my gym. It had a civilian California plate and I took a clear pic of it. I've seen several Cybertrucks in the past 3 months, including one that keeps showing up in my complex as a Tesla employee demo car, and NONE of them had the wheel covers except the one I saw near the gym
If you drive a Cybertruck, you don't need to be careful. Other people need to be careful.  If you drive anything else and you hit a Cybertruck in anything else, YOU'RE GOING TO DIE!
❤
32:44
Honestly speaking I don't think the cyber truck is ugly , I really love the way it looks it's different from what we are used to and that's not a bad thing, I think it's one of those looks that grow on you and I think that are bringing a new look , the only cars I can say are new and ugly are those stupid big kidney grill BMWs
This will not be bought for industry use.  Big gloves, dirt and heavy handed workers with a screen and gadgets? Nope. It'll bought by image ppl. The same who buy a g wagon or range rover types for urban use only. Ridiculous but it'll sell/be overvalued in price. I wouldnt buy one but a smart move by tesla
that jawn ugly bruh.
nice
THIS! Car Podcast is Craaazy 😂 well played 👏🏿
you should go abroad and review cars that are not available in north america. eg, the new xiaomi car in China.
coolest car I have ever seen in my era. Im 20 years old and mark my words i will one day own one!
Not cool at all.
🎉🎉Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me - John 14:6. Jesus is on His way back, let's use this time to get to know Him 🫶🏾🫶🏾
The king of a decaying kingdom
i fell a sleep half way thru the video. man this truck is dull 😂
Cool truck for IKEA shopping, but as for work or construction use the sliding tonneau rails, & button, panoramic roof, will not last, also for accessories like lumber / ladder rack will be very expensive, as for long distance towing, I'm not sure you can find a charging station will accept a truck & trailer that's 40feet for 30+ minutes. I bet that body ever gets damaged will be super expensive to fix. Since is almost 7K LB tires will be replaced often.
Looks like the cars I would draw on my pee chee folders in the 3rd grade
I think the reason I don't dislike it visually is that it reminds me of the DeLorean. Still, I can't decide if it deserves being put into MoMA or shot into space.
I'm unsubscribing because of this video😊
Has Doug ever driven a car at night?
...and at Pininfarina, Giugiaro, Italdesign, Zagato, Designers have to keep a bucket close-by when watching this video...
Steer-by-Wire will be MASSIVELY copied by all the other companies. All of them. And they will call it something else, algo stupid like Active Steering, or Lightning Drive.
Never forget God loves you and is our lord and savior
3:05 time to upgrade your camera Doug
Do you agree, Doug, that this vehicle is absolutely ugly?
🤮
I don’t like this vehicle, it’s symptomatic of our problem and need for conspicuous consumption. But, Doug points out the steer by wire and frankly, why isn’t that in all cars? Or sports cars. I wish they’d spent this energy on bringing back the roadster. Considering it’s only for NA, I don’t think this car will be successful. You will be unlikely to see it outside of major metropolitan areas and even more , in specific affluent neighborhoods. It will be as popular and visible as say a Bentley.
no curves? actually whole front is slightly curved
This is not cool at all, Doug. It looks stupid.
Whatever happened to your R1S Dougscore?
You and i have a very different definition of "cool", doug.
The most pointless and gimmicky car I’ve ever seen😂😂
Doug is the type of guy that used to be 6' 2", 6' 3", 6' 4", but now it's just "pretty tall".
I’d still take a hellcat supercharged TRX because a barbecue always cooks better than a microwave
boycott all USA brands
"#1 on Trending". Congrats, Doug!
No it is not.
Things missing that mess with my OCD: Internal rearview mirror/ camera in the ceiling as many other cars Exterior rearview mirrors that cut the door panel: a better design would avoid the ugly panel cut and needed cut covers
Calls the vehicle hideously ugly Styling score - 5 🤦
Bed lighting, so simple, yet no one thought about it. Awful vehicle overall, but that is an excellent feature.
Saw Doug on the 5 fwy today. Doug is a great dude 😊
Second gen NISSAN LEAF e+ is better
He tried so hard to say nice things.
It looks like a truckstop bathroom urinal.
Where will you do 0 to 60 test in the UK, with 20mph limits every blinking where. Its useless plastic shite.
How’s the GT40 and Lambo running?
I need to have one of this. Been a long time since I looked cool.
love it u are a truely car guy but there is more eggs in the vasket lol
10:24  Mkbhd: charge another Tesla  Doug: Charge your washing machine
So the screen goes down, you ain't going anywhere, if the government wants to stop you from going somewhere they can switch it off and lock you in it, then self drive you to the nearest facility.
Plain cool? No, this hunk of metal is plain stupid.
There is no hand over hand steering making just a left hand turn on the street in a normal car or truck, Doug. That was an exaggeration..
Raptor and TRX are both easily cooler and you don't see anyone tow anything because of where you live....
Every truck ive owned had a rear bed light mounted on the cab. I kinda feel like hes never owned a truck, lol
Is Doug talking trash about Elon? Calling him insane is rude. Elon has done for humanity than most can ever dream of. He is a full blown genius.
"it comes from a company run by an insane person" 	?  DUDE. ARE YOU SERIOUS RIGHT NOW?   YOU BOUGHT A DREAM FROM SOMEBODY ELSE'S DREAM... AND THEN YOU CALL THAT PERSON INSANE
one of the ugliest “thing “ ever seen in my lifetime!🤦
Doug got the most beaten up Cyber truck to review
Looks like a trash can laid flat with wheels on it.
Turning circle worse than a semi.
this car is so freaking ugly
🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Someone was paid to say good things about that thing
imagine some drunk hot shot driving drunk in this car. can't fathom how they put this to market with all those design hazards
I think this thing is novel and new but... I think this thing is really ugly
After having sighted several of these HIDEOUS monstrosity I can say it is made with straight angles to only save on manufacturing cost.  It's an abomination and anyone who buys it is only VIRTUE SIGNALING....LOOK AT ME I'm going GREEN. Please investigate further into the implications of this poor decision.   Other than that...Elon you're a F'ing genius for getting these MORONS to buy this eyesore.  I bow to your genius at manipulating these fools.
Doug the type of guy to wear his seatbelt twisted
You can technically replace them with a Logitech Wheel
Its a cool truck but I find it to be the ugliest thing on the road. 🤷‍♂️
I have never wanted a vehicle less, walking on broken glass, would literally be a pleasure compared to driving this POS
horrible.  disappointed.  the video is a sales ad!
Video looks kinda awful for a channel this big. Focus issues, mixed color lighting. Shooting right into the lights? Really kinda crap. Expecting more.
Just be sure to look beyond the hype- it's a Beta Test with very concerning early design deficiencies, e.g., chronic corrosion especially in coastal areas. Odds are high that it has the same fate as other SS body cars, e.g., the Delorean. There were countless Delorean owners who bought before realizing the serious issues with the design.
https://youtu.be/w8Q2T2aFadE?si=W_HrmdHpWq2WQekP 😱😱😱
Cyber Dud fan boy wank. Hyped past relevance. Shows how to blow huge amount of cash on redundant platform Even a shopping trolley at the bottom a Lake would out last it
🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑
Was excited to see multiple t-shirt’s man to finally review the cybertruck!
I'm very surprised that the government didn't block this sharp design, claiming it's "too unsafe" if you were to hit a pedestrian.
This guy has no credibility
Tesla 1:59 hates circles wheels will be gone
Doug the type of guy to drive to a palm reader in a Cyber Truck
doug hates elon becuase he supports free speech
Its junk and not as practical to a simple F-150
I’m disappointed
Overpriced garbage 🗑️ 💩
So a meaningless review from an obvious fan boy. Listen Doug... No one who bought a Raptor is jealous of the cyber truck. Like, not one.
⚡👎🏼
Its plain stupid, ugly as f. Just likexevery modern vehicle, its shite.
17:30 wow beautiful e34
Cyberjunk
Finally the review I was waiting for before going to buy one…. In 10 years
How come they banned and eliminated "pop-up headlight" and 20+ years later let this triangular alumunium on wheels hit the road?
This is such a weird car... 🙄🤣
I deeply appreciate how stupid this car looks, it's awesome
Why not have the rearview mirror a screen?
Or bipped if you're in the Bay 8:57
The answer to the question "What if you have a really tiny weiner but you think a Hummer is too loud?"
Now review The Homer!
That rust looks prominent
Dude has to go into hideout to review cause of the retaliation from Tesla. What a joke Tesla is
30:42 - that quality... the steel panel joint of the front bumper and the front left fender.
You didn't mention some are showing spot rust.
#1 on trending sheesh
So once in the rear after opening the trucks very wide door, how am I to close the door? Does it have an automatic soft close button as it'd be a very big stretch reaching a door handle.😏
Possibly the most ridiculous vehicle ever built...
“Alright, I’m gonna jUiCe iT hERe!”  Mr. DeMuro, 24’
yea i dont think raptor owners are remotely jealous of the cybertrukk's lack of ability to do what it was designed for, weather they use it for it's intended purpose or not
This dude released a whole video saying he won't review one unless he can sell on on his website. What a shill.
Really hard to comment anything about this truck that’s within community standards, everything he describes as ‘interesting, can be described with another “I” word….
Ya, it's so cool you cant fit a bike in the back, it doesn't have the range advertised and gets stained if anything isn't wiped off right away. Oh it also rusts and isn't bullet proof. It's like the stupidest waste of money ever. Actual owners are killing this thing. Doug was fawning over a bunch of stupid things, some that are impractical gimmicks, he must be getting paid SMH. I recommend watching adamsomething's review for a more realistic review. You gotta be pretty stupid to think this impractical waste of money is cool. BTW, my old 97 Z28 had the exact same turning. a half a turn was full lock.
On a side note I love that Surfer Blood record
It looks like the wheel design is borrowed from the transporter in Prometheus 1:59
been waiting for this! I'm sure there's a lot of quirks and features other youtubers just don't care about  the brake lights in my mind, works that way because of the third brake light, its separated from the line so people know its braking
I love gasoline cars sorry cyber truck
What is the highest score possible for handling? If it's 0-10, a score of 5 is a joke.
Don't want a car that cuts arms
Only rich people have enough for the cost of "cool" cybertruck. A little more "rationality" should be used when making a major purchase that has already had some cooling of its popularity as ye olde rubber hits the high road. Cybertruck doesn't make it past other recent reviews, with a lousy surface of panels susceptible to rust and misalignment, decreased range from what was stated, tire wear and getting repairs. The electric vehicle revolution is dawning on fewer than expected.
“Raptor’s buyer are just bitter” 🤣🤣  I didn’t say it, he said it 🤣🤣
Get in the back and tell me if the lights stay on when its covered ,,,
It needs a HUD system on the windshield in front of you, NOT TO THE EFFING SIDE of you. If I got one of these things, the very next day I am putting an aftermarket HUD in.
That garage audio is awful
What's the Doug score? I didn’t feel like fast-forwarding to the end so I figured I'd just ask in the comments
27:58 That angle the seat and back sit at seems unusual. Wonder how comfortable that is
Ugly
Good bye Elon.. Elon has ruined his brand.
#1 Trending! Woohoo!
Washing Machines use regular outlets Doug
I think the one thing people don't get about the cyber truck was that Elon really just wanted to make something no one thought was possible, is there a reason for it being all metal or a reason for the crazy design or any of it. Not really but he wanted to say hey look at how amazing our production team is in accomplishing this insane thing, just cus we could. And Elon knows better then anyone else that talking about his cars, good or bad, only helps draw attention to it.
Yeah its not a truck at all. Its a confused el camino 😅
That’s a big wheelbarrow 😅
“People buy these things to be cool”.  Oh the irony how pathetic they really be.
I’d totally drive one.
Doug reading the raptor owners to filth in this 😳
It looks like a homeless tent driving down the street
😂😂😂😂😂 oh Doug
it rusts
“Cybertruck pedestrian issues” aka pedestrian fatalities
No off-road test love like the R1T?
Hideous. I’ve always thought this is the ugliest thing ever produced for the road —including the Pontiac Aztek and the FIAT Múltipla—  and the fact that is so huge, makes it even worse…
Why the hell are you reviewing this in a garage
Doug is the type of guy who reviews one of the biggest cars on the market in his tinniest studio.
It’s a giant TURD.
Doug the kind of guy to buy commercial washing machines requiring 240V.
What a nice Red M5 e34 there
Steer by wire seems like it would be useful in a commuter car but in a truck it seems like it would be dangerous when towing on the freeway. It would be interesting to test out.
Most anticipated "THIS IS THE" of the last 5 years! Excellent review Doug!  Let me add: the stainless steel used in the Cybertruck is the same alloy SpaceX uses on its new, under development Starship+Super Heavy rockets.
The steer to wire must be some security issue. And perhaps its regulated or recommended,  or has a reason to be like that.  What if you get asleep? A small deviation and you are crashed....
Please don’t run me over Doug, please not in that.
Worst looking vehicle ever😅😅😅
https://youtu.be/XDkzm_LR0Co?t=1287 1st tap on P failed, but was recognised as I can understand..
Very detailed and balanced review,  just 2 things missed are the front bumper camera and the enhanced sound system.
The worst quirk that NO REVIEW mentions... You CAN'T program a garage remove without MyQ!!!
Doug the type of guy to use the Cybertruck Frunk to cut his hot dogs up.
When I see one of these abominations on the road I’m going to flip it the bird as I’m throwing up. 🤢🤮
What if it was designed to be wrapped? Like to personalise it
Good part, "my driver" instead of "my owner"  you don't own your pets
Cool? This is the Pontiac Aztec for DouchBros.
I love Doug.  Can't say the same about the Cyber Truck.
soz doug, i like you, but not when you review trash like dis
Doug the type of guy to flush the toilet after he farts in it.
It's a useable piece of art. I wonder if they'll be able to get prices down with manufacturing volume?
Test
It looks like it was designed by a bored 8 year old who was inspired by appliances but to each his own.
Love you a non-gay way!.... I don't think you should call Musk insane! that could really bite you in the future,  beyond making fun of his disability Aspergers, depending if he wanted to go for it! Read his biography. He was brought up a fighter in his grade school years!!!! I would be totally be nice!!! he has the resources to end you in a manner of hours!!! Hope he likes your pod cast!!!
You missed showing the cybertruck outline drain plug in the trunk
A hideous car
Shaped like a blade 0-60 in seconds Weight close to 4 tones  Bad visibility   What could possibly go wrong
I think Doug's overuse of the word "cool" in the video has permanently killed it, RIP cool
Finally!!  When it hits Doug demuro channel. The cyber truck has officially made it just like being on the tonight show
That stainless already looks spotty and stained
Very ugly
I’ve talked to 70 year old men and they know that truck
Doug is the type of guy, to literally be the type of guy.
They say the windshield wiper is for aero dynamics but the thing is a big brick 😂
Sorry Doug, It's "king" only in your head.  The shine is off electric vehicles.  We finally got someone to buy our Tesla (think God) and got an M550i which is much much better. The charging thing is such a hassle and you are seeking charging ports like an old sick woman seeking a toilet seat - it is never ending and always on your mind.  We will NEVER get another. Total leftist nonsense car and the hype is so so off.  The truth is people are scolded into this nonsense. After 2024 it will finally be put to rest and become a distant nightmare like those masks you wore a few years ago - that got old fast. ps I will NEVER vote leftist again. I am awake. You can keep the idiot truck - no thanks. Not interested.
what the heck was that? the Doug score is now meaningless.
I was waiting for him to say it was for sale on Cars and Bids and then Elon dropping from a Tesla Roadster drone on a rope to sue Doug.
Finally found one to sell ay
Look at all the Tesla haters, probably lost money betting against TSLA :D
27:01 "Needless to say, don't stick your arm in there. It will be cut off." I was wondering if Tesla was going to add any sensors for reversing the frunk and tonneau cover upon trapping a limb in it. I guess the Cybertruck is a cold-hearted, mean, expensive refrigerator.
Pontiak Aztek is a beauty queen beside this one 🤔
In the tailgate I remember there being a small pullout stair ramp?
Lets hook a trailer to it and head to tahoe.
Always happy to get Doug's somewhat alternative takes.  He makes very reasonable comments about all of it, negative as well as positive - including quite a few things other reviewers never mentioned before.  (and I am still getting one 😀)
His chin and Annunciation are like jay leno which is weird cause they both love cars
Minimalism sparks the downfall of a society
Yeah, excellent for cutting carrots with frunk, peeling then with the extra sharpened doors edges, rattling plastic and 2m wide so you never fit a garage, how cool is that. 😂
Looks cool
Ok so the a-pillar makes it hard to see pedestrians and the angles are so sharp they can draw blood? Got it, I'll be moving out the way if I see one of these coming towards me
A truck?  It's not a truck.   Where's the lumber rack?  Where do you put the tool box?  A real truck places utility as the highest priority.   This thing is just show.  Give me a Hilux any day.
I've seen a few of these on the road, and oh man are they ugly from the back when viewed from road-level. They look like a cross between a refrigerator and an unfinished dump truck on wheels.
How the Cybertruck is slower than Hummer? There are lot of videos Tesla absolutely murdering the hummer from the line
Imagine buying this car and the interior looks like a plastic lunch tray.
You have an extraordinarily peculiar idea of what constitutes "cool", Doug.   If the CT was any less cool, it would be the center of Hell.
Until it rains, #rust
🤢🤮
One of the ugliest things I’ve ever seen.
Oh my God, I love this car 😂
hahahaha, Doug you the best and I haven't even watched the video yet
Great review Doug
Cool
...you can add differential locks over the air???
Fantastic podcast name 😆
This obsession with minimalism is dangerous. A friend of mine nearly had his wife crash as the entire screen went blank in her Tesla on the highway and she couldn’t activate her defroster while the window completely fogged up. She had to activate the autopilot and aggressively wipe the windshield with her hand in order to safely pull over. Tesla said it was a fault due to water intrusion caused by rain and the model X wing door design (happened multiple times). Yeah, my friend is now suing Tesla for a complete refund! He is trying to return his wife’s model X but Tesla doesn’t want to give him a complete refund even though they know it’s a repeating problem! This is what happens when you try to cut costs and put everything in one basket.
Don’t say refrigerator or he’ll delete the comments like he does on Cars & Bids. #triggered
Imagine the glare from the sun off of the stainless steel.
The CT has been out for awhile now and there’s been numerous reviews, but I think Doug’s is the best. The man knows his quirks and features.
Doug…good luck crossing the States on that Dishwasher!
Doug’s the type of guy to review Elon musk on a car channel
2:01 I wonder how long it takes for a pedestrian to be seriously injured by this truck and sue the crap out of Tesla?
Insane he is, LOL !
8:45 "You can see right here..." Ha! Actually, you can't...
Classic Tesla door seal ripples and bends.
Dat auto-focus
Just plain ugly
no curve? the front is curved as well as the windshield
fine vehicle. But not a truck.
Us detailers have extender wands for this. There are a lot of vehicles that we don't want to reach all across the dash for. This is not a problem. 17:45
I mean, the wheels and tires look cool.
26:57 Doug the type of guy to review a guillotine and tell you to watch your fingers 😵
Supercar enthusiast hates this truck. cause it's fast....
Great now i have a truck that matches my kitchen sink
Zero interest in this vehicle.  Doug Driving it and being happy, My interest has peaked.
Technology has clearly stagnated badly
I can't believe that you did not show us how the wiper work.
That autofocus a few minutes in had me thinking I was about to have a stroke😂
The similarities between the inside front of the cyber truck and a ford fiesta are hilarious. That front blind spot is a bee with an itch that’s for sure 😂
3:25 Doug is the kind of guy to make you doubt your eyes capacity
it looks like a lawn mower, fukk you elon musk. AND, wow, this thing wants to kill pedestrians AND it's driver, HAHA, ITS THE TERMINATOR!!!!!!!!
This is the video which makes me unsubscribe... Didn't mention the rusting or sharp edge issue
Doug is a millionaire but he can’t invest in a camera that can’t focus on himself 😮 at least he has some lights now. And he has stopped using that outdated Bluetooth microphone
16:35 was not expecting Doug to bring back memories of the Test Drive Unlimited 2 soundtrack
F that thing, totally impractical.
2:10 Hundreds of companies coming up with rubber, stickers, accessories to fix that feature
Ugly and cool - the Danny Trejo of trucks.
Losers will hate on it. People that like things that are different and stand out will love this
Elon threatened to suspend your Twitter account unless you said something nice, didn’t he?
atp, there making roblox cars irl
Still a very boring ugly car. And that interior is pathetic at best!
14:21 reminds me of my old E60 BMW with active steering
13:57 clearly an octagon
How do people in your area pronounce tonneau?  We say Tonn-oh.  Doug says tah-NO.  Whichever is correct… tah-NO sounds a bit pretentious to me. Excuse me while I go to the bath-ROOM to use THE  toy-LETTE(grabs lapel, points right elbow out, chin high in the air, arrogant smirk below pointy mustache… stomps one foot and then struts away…) …..  (…20 minutes later he struts back into the room, walks up to you and slaps you across the face with a white glove and says “I challenge you to a dual!”)   That’s how I envision the owner of a truck with a tah-NO cover.  🤷🏼‍♂️
Doug! My wife kicked me out of the house after I bought a cyber truck. Luckily, I owned the washing machine so I loaded it into the back. I'm currently living out of my truck and I've no way of powering my washing machine. What should I do?  Doug: 10:16
Thanks, I hate it
I really wish there would be a requirement that all cars need to have a mechanical e-brake.  With all drive by wire,  if the truck loses power you are screwed so having one mechanical thing would be useful.  Especially to stop.
He says you could "cut yourself" on the edges, but they aren't sharp at all. You might get a bruise, but not a cut.
Does it have autopilot??
Why even bother with shipping container lol
If you were crazy enough to buy one of these, what do you suppose it would cost to replace the windshield when it broke?
fix your auto focus before you give someone a seizure
17:07 love how nicely that door seal fits 👌🏻
Finally! DOUG REVIEW A CYBERTRUCK!
How do you put it in neutral?
I think the wheels are the best thing about this monstrosity.
It works really well  *taps park 3 times before it works*
Finally, Doug gets to review a vehicle as quirky as he is. 😂 Love your in depth alternative review!
You have weird fingers😂
OK, planet earth… The party is over. The novelty has worn off… It’s actually embarrassing to look at this design exercise being painfully translated into an actual vehicle. I mean I guess it’s cool if you’re 14. Don’t get me wrong… I would buy a Hot Wheels Cybertruck.
You are a tall guy and still, behind the Cybertruck you look small.  Must be huge  Great and realistic review
Hey, hey now. Don’t call Musk insane! That’s cruel to insane people.
I feel bad for anyone who owns one of these in a state where your insurance penalizes you for a windshield claim.
Is this truck for sale on carsandbids?  Did they end up figuring out how to do that so he could review it here?
Insane performance. It cant go up a slight hill in snow, and shorts out in water my ford focus can go through, and has a small fraction of the original proposed range, and said fraction gets smaller when you do truck things..... like tow stuff. Pretty insane performance for the insane price. Its a truck that doesnt even truck.
Drive for an hour and charge for an hour.  💀😂🤣😂🤣 Anyone buying it is an absolute fool
Doug. Literally none of the panels on your PRESS MODEL line up... On a vehicle with day 1 rust issues that's insane.
Why only 5 of for styling?
Dumb. Ugly truck.
Tesla really just created a modern Chevy SSR.
Hummer EV>
Thiiisss
The Cybertruck  is a  BETA product.
this
Love Doug's videos. Just hate the cyber truck and the the hype people have around it. Tesla couldn't afford to pay me enough to drive one of their vehicles let alone own one.
No way, he reviewed the Cyberrust!!! 🤯🤯
Police catching criminals.....   "Officer, I can get on that dream cybertruck?" - Criminal  "No" - Police Officer
This thing is trash.
Looks like a shoe box on wheels....  😅🤣😂😆
Blink twice if elons in the room with you
I'll always be happier driving a car with an engine than driving an electric car
👀 Doug not so subconsciously eyeing other cars on the road while reviewing the Cybertruck...👀
It always cracks me up how animated this guy is when he talks. At the beginning when he’s standing behind the truck it’s hilarious to watch his head bobble around while his arms flail with every syllable lol   I hope this is just for YouTube and he doesn’t actually do this while talking in real life.
The whole thing is a quirk! 😂
Cool factor should be 2
This thing looks like an absolute joke. I though it was stupid as a concept car, and I still think it's stupid as a real car. No doubt we'll see this thing on a list of embarrassingly terrible cars in the future alongside the Pontiac Aztek and all of the other failures
Doug, I doubt youll see this but the Tesla Cybertruck isnt actually bulletproof at all, people tested it and it can stop a .22 LR (barely even a bullet) but a 9mm goes right through
Not a truck.
Babe wake up, Doug Demuro just posted the Cybertruck review
You gave the hummer a 39 as a daily driver??
Doug, EVERY pickup since the beginning of time has had a bed light. Take a look at the third brake light on _any pickup truck._ You will see one or two little white lights next to it.   (Ok, I'm being a bit hyperbolic; let's let it go).
Thing is disgustingly dangerous and not cool. Looks like a 12 year olds sketch of a truck. And if these things hit pedestrians it is going to be devastating.
I hate Tesla and I might have to buy this. It's a full size truck with a trunk like my Ridgeline
Hazard lights can’t be on a screen but shifting into drive can 💀
I actually love the “glove tray”
The bed of the "truck" is too small. Can't even fit mountain bikes in the back. I love the look and the concept but there are some utility downfalls that put me off.
I want one , peace ✌️
The Cybertruck isn't a truck, it was never intended to be a truck. It's a giant electric Honda Ridgeline, which is fine because Ridgeline owners don't do truck things either. You hit the nail on the head, people buy it as a lifestyle vehicle, not for utility.
God, I love how much people hate this thing
I hated every car reviewer all say there's no curve outside of the car while there lies an obvious big curve just right on front of the Cyber Truck and little curve on both sides of the front bunker.
I love it.  NPCs don’t like it because it looks too different it hurts their feelings.
20:50 You shift gears on the touch screen.  Madness, utter madness, I want off this ride.
Doug is the kind of guy to review Elon Musk
I don’t like trucks but dam this cybertruck is the coolest car to come out recently and I remember when it was unveiled and I thought it was so sick and my mind hasn’t change. I’d love to own one of these. I’ve seen one in person already and that front light bar looks so cool at night. And everyone stares at it lol
#2 on Trending is crazy
I drove my dads 1989 Toyota Minivan that had that crazy front windshield so Ive basically driven one of these.
Really cool and all but why oh why the damn gear selector is so terrible. Just put some buttons or a shifter, that’s just uncomfortable and clumsy if you need to switch directions fast.   Also, why not just use the regular rear view mirror as a screen like many others do instead of in the screen?
Finally!
bro
You can just see all the smudges around the doors on that truck no matter how much you try to get them out
Its not cool 😝
Doug, my 2016 Ram has bed lighting. It’s not that serious haha but cool truck nonetheless!
I would like if they release a more powerful edition with more towing capacity and range to tow a 5th wheel RV.
Doug the type of guy to review a Halo 1 Warthog
Crashing into this thing, whether you’re a pedestrian or another car, will be messy and deadly. Messy like in slasher film messy.
Woah. Did not expect that Surfer Blood album to be in my Cybertruck video! RIP Thom Fekete.
To me it looks like something a 10 year old would draw
In 3 months, we’ll be seeing a bunch of rusted refrigerators driving around. 😒
…Nope.
If I see police driving cyber truck... I would react wooo... look cyber truck... cyber truck.... oh my god... oh my god.  I feel the future...
Finally he got a cyber truck that you can sell.
Too bad the tires aren't squared
It would have been so cool if Elon was tracking it and bricked it in the middle of Doug's test drive.  Take that, flippers!
Elon is insane? lol Ppl just can’t separate their biases from their work. Sad
In Europe,  sharp angles are not allowed in order to protect pedestrians at collisions.  Cybertruck therefore can't be sold here.
I love just how dumb this truck is. If it’s odd they just… painted it black!
Pop-up headlight? DOT: ILLEGAL! BANNED! 7000lbs trucks? DOT: cool, 7000lbs lifted truck that bypass crumble zone? DOT: cool. 7000lbs truck with sharp razor corner? DOT: cool....
So how can it be Bullet proof but still have a crumple zone hmmm
Well Doug you nail them all. Not this one….. I have a Hummer and the cool factor from other drivers shows that this Hummer scores like a 9.  And as for comfort. When in regular truck mode it floats on air….. and i have been in several Rolls.  People just want to see the crab walk too.  With the kicker audio system, the multi functional tailgate and supercruise this by far is the best.
3 seconds and I can't stand the panel discoloration
nice truck!
Imagine spending all that money and then having to wrap it!  Tesla should have used higher grade stainless steel, even the old Delorean had higher quality stainless steel.  I'm also shocked at the lack of pedestrian safety, who did they bribe to allow this onto public roads?  In most European countries you would need a special licence to drive something this big and heavy. The incredible acceleration behind all that mass just makes it even more terrifying for other road users. I would NOT want to be hit by this tank with no crumple zones.
Can we actually talk about that red BMW E34 at 13:15? Thank you
Give reasons why police order these futuristic trucks? It can stop bullets.... The regular GMC, Ford, etc SUV can't stop bullets or AR machine guns.
"Most stunning, boldest, most insane" Looks like Elon Musk paid a handsome sum to Doug 😅
It's just a big DeLorean
It didn’t have any artistic design …  the only thing that I can tell it is a car …. Are the wheels … I hope when I get in some day I’m not using the neighbor’s jacuzzi 🥹
Yeah I am sure an arm will be cut off...
Great review. In a world of generic and stunningly ugly SUVs, the Cybertruck is a breath of fresh air. That said the weight of these things is awful. Weighing about 2.5 times more than my car, lumbering down the road, breaking up concrete and not handling well in any turn.
So are you telling us that the vehicle is unusable if the screen breaks?
This truck or what ever it is (not cool) and ugly. My 3 year old could have designed a better looking truck and as for the stainless steel body it was already done remember the DeLorean?
The cool factor just seems to be a nod to hype and not much else.
My 240 has the same complaint about the window switches. I use my right arm to work them
Wish it came with a spare tire , and fold down backseat with fold down interior panel to extend bed extender.
Who borrowed you a dented truck to review?
It's so ugly. It's like a 70s interpretation of what they thought future cars would look like.
Doug didn't even mention the craziest part of this truck: It has a 24v power system for the entire truck. It allowed Tesla to do all kinds of crazy new things with it, including getting rid of a ton of wiring. Plus, the latency is massively reduced for hardware communication.
See this is why police and police K-9 love this truck... 29:04. now, I get it.
What many people don't realize is this is a full sized truck and not a car. There are exemptions that apply to all truck, especially all BEV trucks, most weigh almost 7k pounds or more and funny to think the cybertruck is the lightest of them all. Doug I drive an F150 as do millions of people, it's my primary mode of transportation in Canada's largest cities without a problem. The first vehicle I drove was my dad's 1959 Pontiac parisienne which with the exception of height and weight is almost the same length as cybertruck
Its a hideous rust bucket with razor sharp finger chopping doors and hood. A five year olds idea of a cool car.
It has angles, OMG we get it
I was expecting there to be a camera and a monitor showing to the driver whats hiding behind massive set of front pillars
7:43 Red turn signals are not 'fine'. They are downright icky, in fact.
The plug for the washing machine could also go to a transfer panel for your whole house’s needs for days?
The Cyber Truck review everyone has been waiting for...
Did hand over hand steering originate from olden days of before power steering and the need to have large steering wheels and lots of leverage to turn and that trend just stuck because that's what everyone was used to?
Electric Biden cars no thanks.
Don’t show Jerry rig everything this video he will blow a fuse on you 😊
No one tell the haters about this video they can’t handle it
Elon's ponzi scheme is like... Well... we better puke something out to satisfy the hype. Wake up people 😂
I have purposely avoided all Cyber Truck content now for months waiting on Doug's version. Worth it.  Not cooler than a Raptor R though. If both were free and I could only choose one, it'd be the Raptor R for absolute certain. Still a very cool truck.
Any reverse lighting when you put it in reverse?
#1 on trending that's crazy
The glazing is crazy
2024 Pontiac Aztek.
It's so cool because it's ridiculous and some people who can usually be told to like anything and will, love it! Awesome. Cooler, except for all the people laughing.
I love the cyber track
So any random person can just push a button and open the cover and bed? How is that a good idea?
Mate, your presentation style is very unique .... are you Jay Leno's love child 🤔🙃😂😂😂
"it looks like no other front window I have ever seen..." - Doug DeMuro, Lamborghini Countach owner
Entire Police loves this cybertruck than donuts and police SUV. What does police like about this truck? you can carry more Police rifles. Police spikes. Police ropes, etc.  Some state order these... you will see police cybertruck around your city.
This is mostly a review how DeMuro went insane, the car is pretty normal for a guy like Musk. Hint: it's not a car and this is not a car review.
Ugly expensive rust machine
It looks like something from the original Total Recall.
Super no for me
im Elon Musk and i approve this message.
id hate to get hit by one of these refrigerators - hard pass
Doug: it’s too bad the wheels aren’t triangular.
“There’s no other car like it on the planet”???  Doug…it’s the weird love child of an orgy among a Delorean, Pontiac Aztec, El Camino, and every communist made car with terrible panel gap designs. Its bed is just a roll top desk design. The interior looks like it was designed by the guy who went down with the Titan submersible. And its wheels look like they were ripped off of a Tonka truck while a three year old turned his head away while distracted by Elon Musk demanding a free ice cream from the kid.  The cyber truck font also looks like it came off a 1990s “rad” Trapper Keeper.   It is the car equivalent of a person with both Tourette’s Syndrome and Personality Disorder. So if that’s what the gauge is for what qualifies as being a unique car on the road unlike any other…well then I guess you’re right …but it’s like about six or seven other cars that have come and gone over the years and has just a bunch a of stolen design elements from other cars and the fever dreams of many drunken, Communist, brutalist architects.
Doug is the type of guy to advise Matt Farah to start a separate podcast channel and yet not  do it himself
Thats not a truck thats a hatchback😅😅😅
I like everything except the Interior
Is it interesting? Certainly.   Is it also a turd on wheels in terms of quality? Definitely.
I remember your negative attitude toward the Cybertruck in your first video commenting about it.  But I knew in the end you were going to like it despite it's odd exterior design.
Black doug did this review like 3 weeks ago
Police wet dream truck.... they went drilling.....
26:49 hilarious 🤣
If it wasn’t a Tesla it wouldn’t get hate like it does but it’s a very poorly built vehicle like most new EVs
Thanks Marty Mcfly
Eeeewww
Fromt bumper is curved
Call ascension automotive detailing, get your windshield right 17:30
If the cyber truck was put in a “normal” body, it would be selling like hotcakes
it's UGLY
Unlike some things and some people who are so ugly, they are stunning and even beautiful in a way.  This thing is just pure ugly.  Who is the target market?  Collectors? People with more money than common sense?
Designer:  How many triangles do you want Mr. Musk? Mr. Musk:   Yes, All of them!
I realized halfway through the part about the bed that it's basically just an electric Honda Ridgeline
You ought to study a channel like Curious Cars.  It's a car review, why is the camera on you the whole time?  Put the camera on the car, put the camera facing the dash while you go for a drive.
This thing is so stupid. I wouldn't be caught driving this in public even if Grimes came with the truck and the screen had an option to make her give me a hummer on command.
Guy can't seem to increase his video quality even after all this success
Dougs the type of guy who wears his shorts above his hips and above his knees.
That's Hot Garbage
The brake lights are going to cause so many accidents.
38:42 _"This is one of the craziest vehicle ever to exist."_ ➡..., though I'm *still* waiting for your review of the *_Youabian Puma_* (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hp3E4cKP81g), which have become a unique piece of weird automotive art, but if I should chose between this freezer & the Puma, the latest called-out one would have got me; mainly, because it's a mainly a truck-based convertible with retractable roof.
so when's it gonna start rusting 😅
It's a lump of junk ...it looks stupid.....
I could have knocked that up on my shed 😅
I knew those wheel covers would be gone. First they would be easily stolen! Secondly, they look like crap.
Does General Electric have a contract with Tesla?  It is a very unique vehicle.
Glow em
Saw one of these for the first time the other day and it really is HUGE. Think F350.   In the video, it looks like the rear tires are smaller than the front. Optical illusion?   Would you like to drive around in a refrigerator? Invest in Cybertruck today!
Cyber truck? More like Cyber bullying
The Cybertruck is exactly the type of vehicle that people in the 1980s thought we would be driving in the 2020s.
That thing is just plain ugly 🤮
Literally only thing I like about this car is the drawer glove box. Very efficient.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yk2oISCqSQY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yk2oISCqSQY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yk2oISCqSQY
You forgot one of its best features that by the way would cost $70,000 on a regular vehicle, it’s bulletproof and has been proven so.
Love the glove jar. The European Kia EV-6 has that. Definitely more convenient to use then traditional, in my opinion
Pure trash
All those pointy corners and "bullet proof" body panels, is why this truck will never be sold in any other country. This car has not been, and will never be, crash tested.
Designed in America, made in America, could it be that we are looking at the "Greatness" that some say doesn't exist in America anymore?
It is ugly
This is so ugly
I didn't think it was physically possible, but this thing both sucks and blows.
36:16 _"[Cybertrucks] won't gonna get rare very soon; the excitement factor will wear off like it did for the C8 Corvette ..."_ ➡But despite that announcement, you'll always *hear* a C8, even when you're not able to see it, while this freezer keeps silent as a fart, which you won't even smell, if your eyes would catch it.
Huge A-pillar. Thank goodness it has 360° camera view like most other vehicles in the same price range. Oh wait…
Haters gonna hate 😏
Put some wheels on thar fridge
Why do you start every other sentence with "now"?? Super annoying...
5 for styling is criminal
Great review Doug
At least the hazard emblem is a triangle so it fits…lol
Just realized the cybertruck font/logo font is tig welded beads. Niceeeee, I like that a lot. Shame everything is on the infotainment screen, thats ridiculous and lowkey dangerous. I like minimalism but tesla takes it way, way to far. I like my buttons and knobs. Having to LOOK at your screen thats in the middle of the car for everything is SUPER dumb. Idc if auto pilot will be added later, it takes away focus from the road, so whats the point of even having a driver anymore at that point. Out of everything, I like welded bead logo, outside triangle design and the sick bed cover. Everything else is GOD AWFUL. Id rather have a rivian, ford lightning or rams new upcoming electric truck when it comes out
Its a delorean.... But new! Lol
See about 10 of them so far in San Jose, it’s big and ugly
It’s not a good looking vehicle. Trash design.
Is this one 200k too?
Dryers use 220 30 amp not washers. Dummy
God I would love to know how much Tesla paid Doug to promise a non complete burn review on this biscuit
ew
Elon is crazy, crazy smart.
It looks pretty cool and I don’t understand the hate
It's ugly and cool same time.
I drew this exact replica in 1991 when I was 5
elon been real quiet since this dropped
This is a garbage vehicle
For my use you would have to pay me a good money to seat in an ugly car like that, it looks like a beat up refrigerator pull out from a junk yard.
Europe was saved from this .. thing. The eyesore
I must admit I didn't have 'Doug reviews an urinal' on my 2024 bingo card.
Elon paid for this
I think this is too much even for Picasso.
Honestly I’m surprised to find out a physical hazard light button is required but a physical gear shifter isn’t
I always thought doug was older than he is
I would have called it "The Bloody Awful" instead...
Even if I have enough money I will never buy a car without a panel behind of the driver wheel. Model S and X are OK, but the truck, model 3 and Y, no no.
Great reiew dougie!
Unless im missing something it seems like you cant drive with the tailgate down and be able to use all of the taillights
doug's newest venture: can&bis
I can't wait to see a waifu wrap on one of these flying down the highway.
It's a good thing they used soft-stainless on the corners...
I don't think I can get over the looks of this. Note I said I not everyone. It is just too ugly for my liking.
Doug jumped the shark on this one!!
Surfer Blood!!
dude, it looks 100% like a garbage truck from the back, why it has to be SO UGLY
Sorry Doug but no. It's spectacularly dumb. Trying too hard to be cool like Elon that time on Joe Rogan
You reviewed the cyber truck and didn't even realise the WHOLE FRONT BONNET is curved from left to right?  damn dude.   Also... your paranoia for sharp edges is pretty whack.. they've had their "edges broken" so they don't act as a knife bruh... NHTSA wont let you sell knives on wheels.
This vehicle has always given me Pontiac Aztec vibes.
Yep, sure is ugly!
PALM READER 37:55
"we put the giant windshield wiper virtically for better aerodynamics"  ... I have some news for you concerning the rest of the car
Panel alignment looks appalling
i dont get all the cocksucking to this guy much less the hype about Tesla Truck, Teslas are cool, this one is horrible
Late to the game, what a shame
I love the styling, like something from Blade Runner.
Credit for coming around. The ability to update one’s opinions to reflect reality is a virtue. I’ve lost all interest in dredging up your post reveal videos from 2019. Thank you, Doug.
I need a Tesla that's similar to an El Camino
I DON'T KNOW WHO YOU ARE, WHERE YOU ARE, MALE OR FEMALE, BUT WHEN YOU READ THIS COMMENT, I WISH YOU A LOT OF HEALTH, SUCCESSFUL WORK AND ALWAYS HAPPINESS WITH YOUR FAMILY.I DON'T KNOW WHO YOU ARE, WHERE YOU ARE, MALE OR FEMALE, BUT WHEN YOU READ THIS COMMENT, I WISH YOU A LOT OF HEALTH, SUCCESSFUL WORK AND ALWAYS HAPPINESS WITH YOUR FAMILY.
Great vid
This truck reminds me of brutalism architecture. If you know what i mean ...
As a detailer . Youll definitely see my laying across your dash to clean it lol
Tesla El Camino.
Very cool
A perfect truck for douchebags and self absorbed vain dorks
This!!!!!!! Is the ugliest so called truck ever made !!! God it is awful!
It's interesting not "cool." I don't think I will ever buy an electric vehicle. They are too expensive and/or inconvenient. I can do a 600 mile road trip in one day and one stop in my Chevrolet. And a short stop at that. I've only seen 1 raptor "R" and many trx's. Lots of them towing in Utah.
Bro when you shave do you ever turn your head left to right to make sure you don’t miss any spots in the neck area?
you arte an over excitable chap!
Pedestrian issues as in death.
I finally seen on in a parking lot surrounded by onlookers. and yes, its uglier in person than pictures.
Did anyone else notice how small Doug looks behind the wheel ?
Doug people do tow with their trucks. I will tow my boat and cargo trailer with it.
The frunk will not cut your arm off. Using a t-shirt is useless it has a sensor on it and won’t close on your arms
Doug, the type of guy to….
Sweet truck
Your comment that Elon Musk is "insane" in your intro reflects the degree to which you know absolutly nothing about the man. Your judgement lacks depth and your words reflect a juvenile ignorance of the great work, humanitarian work Musk has done. Who is insane?
The complete absence of Tesla badging is a prime opportunity to glue on a Maytag or Frigidaire emblem instead.
This is the truck of all time
6:40 "You tap on that and it pops open automatically"  Umm, if you have to tap it.... never mind.
Seen a few of these in the wild. They really stand out in a crowd.
Finally something that makes a Pontiac Aztec look good. Straight slab lines with a stuck on oversized monitor isn't styling. It is nothing but a distracted driving nightmare. The EU are starting to crack down on this stupidity.
I thought he didn’t like it before lol
I'm not sure I agree with the take that Cybertruck off-roadability and towing capacity don't matter. Sure, 80% of Cybertruck owners are only ever going to use their Cybertruck to flex on people, but 80% of Lamborghini owners are never going to do over 125 mph. But that doesn't mean we don't care about top speed. The fact that this vehicle you just saw swanning its way through traffic is capable of doing these things is _part_ of the mystique and the cool factor.
Did Doug miss that you can shift the gear on the upper column near where the rear view camera would be?  https://youtube.com/shorts/98WwGIg5nF4?si=vabWGOtg-kiUwoST
Being mad at someone exited about a product is cringe.
Why do you support azazels army?
It’s cool but I’d still take a  T REX 5 times before the cyber truck.
Only one word to describe this truck ‘radical’ ! Love it!
View unattractive vehicle, looks like a 6 year olds crayon drawing came to life. Good thing it's banned overseas.
I got to rally one of these and it was wild and terrifying and a whole lot of fun. The steering not being attached to anything and not being consistent angle is pretty trippy, along with the rear wheel steer, but man you can put your foot down and power out of any corner. Rotation under braking is much less fun because you’re not quite sure what the wheels are gonna do. Quite literally tons of fun but terrifying trying to not crash.
“There are no obvious air vents, obviously they are there”
I saw a set of these on a trailer bed a week ago, and let's just say... sunlight does not do them any favors 😕
STILL think it's the ugliest thing on the road... Some might think it's cool but, it's a joke....
anyone else ready to vomit?
It’s actually the opposite of cool but hey you do you.
sorry that truck looks retarded I would never buy that thing💩💩💩💩💩💩
Here, I thought this would be an original style video done outside. I was excited! Nope....he's back in his garage sitting in his white chair. Does he need knee replacements or something?
Doug, Tesla can take a big, steaming dump and put a Tesla emblem on it and you will fawn over it like your first love. You are truly brainwashed.
3:30 Is it just me - or has your camera really have severe issues to focus the view on that huge freezer (on wheels) next to you?
Typical Tesla build quality! The weather stripping in the doorsill by the “Cybertruck” logo is laughable 😂
Cybertruck defines me.
Seems like most reviewers are disappointed or not impressed with the Cybertruck.
could they have made it just a tad uglier?
blah blah blah. What a Doug? take it out for a weekend camping trip or something
Imagine using this for roofing
People are still milking these cybertruck videos?
I think this will be the car that represents the 2020s, just as the Countach represents the 80s.
#1 trending because of course it is
I will say it on every vehicle review which does this: putting nearly every control on the touch screen is both infuriating and dangerous. This design language has got to stop.
It's not cool, it's a novelty. It's going to get attention now, but I don't think it has the features to really make its place. But, I'm ready to be wrong. The Rivian has better features.
Finally, I've been looking forward to this review for awhile. Could've been a better Doug. The Cybertruck is probably the most unique cars ever. Great review Doug!
If you play goldeneye on Nintendo 64.. the first stage has this car
imo About as good-looking and useful—to people who actually need a pickup—as a Pontiac Aztek. imo
This guy needs more caffeine.
Doug the tyoe of guy to call everything "neat"
How many are there in this Foundation series?
Awesome truck!! I don’t get why some ppl are so mad that it’s not indestructible, but why not less indestructible and more practical too right??… can’t wait for mine!! I’m 225k in line
I paced one in traffic - ugly, awkward and useless. Perfect for taking blind a dog to get castrated.
Fabulous review Doug of a special and rare event in vehicle history. Long live the Cybertruck 📐⚡️🔋
Incredibly ugly
How did a guy that knows nothing about cars get a popular you tube channel about cars?  Mystery’s of the Universe…
I can’t believe they get away with six lugs.
Is it an optical illusion or are the front wheels and tires larger in diameter than the rears? If my eyes aren't deceiving me, Doug missed an opportunity on a weird quirk to point out.
There's nothing "cool" about the Cyber truck. It was thought up by a disgusting, sociopathic racist who helps Russia kill Ukranians. I now have zero respect for Doug DeMuro.
Doug is the type of guy to give a car that looks like garbage a total score of 73. So this garbage is  better than some supercars and luxury cars ?? you are not a car enthusiast, you are just a weirdo who prefers garbages.
Doug and Nardwuar the Human Serviette are the same person.
I miss the outdoor videos! This lighting situation is not great
I'd rather have the previous gen Tundra still with the 5.7 V8.
Image if someone make Countach Wide Body Kit for this truck, with giant triangle wings. Everyone will mad.
These are not attractive vehicles in the slightest.
This honestly might one of the worst vehicles to be hit by. The front has so many sharp angles.
Stupid? Yes. Ugly? Very. Cool? Ehhh... .maybe?  Anything that unconventional coming to market is kinda neat but a pickup truck that is in most ways is just a worse pickup truck but weird I wouldn't call provress.
You guys need to leave Doug alone, you is a great guy 👦!!!!!
So many interested systems on new cars
And I hate the future it's only for the rich
That thumbnail does NOT make it look good.
Considering how low it is for a "truck" this reminds me more of an el cameano
Only the biggest morons in the world are impressed with this piece of crap.  Like my words in like six seven years people are going to look back at this thing and be like what the hell were we thinking. Total trash
I love the look but I would want it to be diesel powered.
Such an ugly vehicle lol
It's amazing to me, and a sign of the times, how people hate this thing with a fiery passion just because they've taken a side in the Culture War.
It makes me happy to see Doug wearing two t-shirts again.  It's the way it should be.
33:43 -  If I had my favourite Truck,  I would not feel upstaged by this battery powered hunk of plastic.  Still,  it is pretty cool.
Needs a camo wrap
I agree! Great review Doug.
Disposable vehicle
I have no idea what Doug is thinking with this new venue for his reviews. It is absolutely awful.
Despite the gadgets this is the ugliest vehicle that has ever been made.
Let’s not call Elon insane Doug.  Look up the definition
We love it, hay get rid of the mesage to be nice comern bulsht. There is nothig  ridicolus about the  Truck.
HE MADE A PT2!!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nM7sIDy8lRg&ab_channel=DougDeMuro
Elons insane?  Nah. Doug don’t air your political opinions. Stick to quirks and features.
Is he on coke?
the cybertruck never upstaged any truck where it matters the most, capability and ruggedness, its advertised as a off road going though, heavy load towing truck but it cant even do it or if can it cant decently do it. Id still get the trx, raptor, tacoma, any other "real" trucks out there than this gimmick of a fridge. and when you have to removed the wheel covers and wrap it not a year before its release just show how unreliable and poorly built it is. looks unique yes, cool maybe, but definitely not a truck but more of a topic
14:29 Doug doing a “Blue Steel” look. So hot right now
Everything is square except the tires.
The window breaking thing is absolutely awesome😂😂
I doubt the frrunk lid is powerful enough to sever a limb.
Weird that this video only had 500k views. Thought for sure it’d have millions. Do people not watch car reviews or did MKBHD beat him to the punch?
You should take it out in a few rainstorms to give it some patina
"The cool cybertruck font" Doug, you and I have very different definitions of "cool"
Rare Doug L
EH, faceva tanta paura l'ipotesi di uno stretto sviluppo tra tecnologia europea (tedesca e italiana, il resto vabbè) ed energia Russa....Faeva paura agli USA ridotti a produttori di fumo, fuffa e feccia.
Has all gears but neutrel
Yeah
There was never a rust issue. Surface contaminants rust on paint as well. Buff it out and you are fine.
great review
-- Doug, where do you film this video? Is that your new "dooms day bunker" to match Cyber truck theame?
That steering situation while backing could be odd
This is the best review of the Cyberfridge by far!
I am buying my mother in law one of these.....I can not wait
I don't think any TRX or Raptor R owners feel insecure about this thing.   Those two are keepers, this is a bit of a novelty.  I think it's more that it was just presented as if it was going to work like a truck so people want to call it that out but I don't think it matters, because it is cool.
Doug loves steer by wire
Only a matter of time this becomes a drive able guillotine
No mention of panel gaps and alignment issues?
No spare tire and a jack?? And where can you install the towing hitch??
31:49 -  Somebody Feed Doug!
I hate this truck so much. Tesla could have made revolutionary vehicle for people that actually use trucks. But instead they made another Mall crawler, because the world doesn't have enough of those already.
I was parked next to a Cybertruck a few weeks ago (in Austin) and I had never seen one in person before. The steel on it looked TERRIBLE. It was so gross.
a clown his brain is so so so small that he cannot figure out why we need to kill ICE. And he acts like a two year old really has nothing to say . Him rating the cyber truck 1 point higher than the hummer EV proves he is a idiot.
I remember watching the reveal and being sure that it was a joke. Then the event ended. They're growing on me though
Can’t wait until they make a super powerful one and call it the HELLSPAWN or something EXTREME like that
Damn! It's ugly.
I wonder how long before people get tired of cars that need software updates. Personally, I don't want any car that uses a screen.
Trucks rated on likes from onlookers?
The shifter should honestly be illegal. It's going to and has gotten people killed.
So. How are all the computerized 'bells & whistles' going to be repaired when they malfunction or simply stop working correctly ?  Your local mechanic isn't going to be able to help you.
I drove past one, it looks like a vehicle that failed to fully render
Was the drive done around San Diego zoo area?
The ugliest vehicle ever made.
I like it and I’d buy it. 🙌🏾
Now I know which buttons to push when I walk by a Tesla truck lol
16:43 - the Phone Icon is also angular
I like Doug, but he could dial it down a bit.
Now all we’re missing is a whistlindiesel durability test
I'm sure the drive by wire is cool till it malfunctions and you're sitting at an intersection trying to turn left and it won't turn 🙄
💩
No.
Sold by thesame crazy person 😂
This vehicle will make its mark in history.  But I don’t think it will be a best seller, or be an iconic / ageless design  for collectibility or reference for future designs.
It’s like other pickup trucks but worse and more expensive.
Liberals: We need sustainable cars. No ICE by 2035.   Conservatives: EVs suck. I’ll never buy one.   Cyberbeast: Hold my beer…and my 7000 lb gross weight, body slicing stainless steel panels, 2 second acceleration, mile long windshield, and low visibility A-pillar and rear window pedestrian slayer.
Did Dough didn't notice that line between the driver door and front panel? That's unsual.
I like that it has 120v outlets inside the cabin front row and second row. Also the cabin filter isn't inside the cabin , it's inside the frunk making it way easier to replace than any other car.
So goddamn ugly. This vehicle is like Donald Trump, you either hate it or love it. There is no middle ground. Barf
This is what Walter White drives in the Breaking Bad remake
Until is rusts in a month
How expensive is a chipped/cracked windshield replacement🥲
So steer by wire is just video game driving but in real life 😂
Keep ir
Ugly!!! Screams "look at me". Uninsurable rates. This is either going to go down as the next Delorean collector or an incredible bust.
Such a ugly truck
those people who are "losing it" when you go by are laughing at how freakin stupid this thing is. there's a lot of words that can be used to describe this thing and cool aint one of them. it's chili and chili ain't never been cool.
I love it
Love Doug, love this channel. HATE this video. Screw Elon
The cybertruck is awesome, I cant wait for it to come out
Another pile from tesla that only technology nerds think is a vehicle.
This vehicle is an engineering marvel! Finally a minimalist car that requires small, fragile electronics for even the most basic features like opening the door, using the rear view mirror, reading the gauges, or shifting gears! I can't believe they didn't figure this technology out in the 1990s...
Rollin' up in a toblerone.
If you take 4 feet off the back you would have a Cyber Car, which I would love.
So a guy in my neighborhood has one of these uh it's not really pretty it's like that weird Picasso period everything about it is terrible to look at
Any Easter eggs when it hits 88mph?
You better watch out Doug, Elon's the kind of guy that will sue you for calling him insane.........lol
No exhaust note?
Love the excitement Doug has over a wedge that got so much hype and it's not even that cool it's just a bland so call vehicle
The frunk does have a sensor and it works. It is possible to pinch your fingers in the side (people have tested this on video) but it won’t hurt them. No skin broke. No bones broke. No bruising.
Surfer Blood!
This is just plain ugly.
Hey Doug, is the Cybertruck cool?  😊
Doug is the type of guy that chooses one word to describe a car and the used it throughout the video 999999 times. Word of the day is “monolith”
I feel like this would be a nightmare to own in cold climates. Defrosting the front windscreen, frozen rear camera, difficult to clear snow covering.
Where is the toilet paper come out of this? 😂
#1 trending 🤔
Fug lee!!
Doug  I will keep a open mind,  but I am  63 years old ,and this damn thing is ugly as.......okay  I am watching  👀  your reviews,  okay  what  stops  any one from opening the bed? Okay this thing is crazy 🤪  OK 80 to 100k  wow  beast mood  😆  still don't want one. 😮
I don't think tesla will ever make a car that i will say is "cool". And i hope the fanboys read the "I" in this comment.
Review is out a bit late no? ~1000/week are already rolling off the line filling pre-orders. many posting insightful fantastic reviews and peoples excited reactions. It’s been months? It’s a hit and not too many complaints coming from buyers from what I’ve seen. You tried really hard to point out quirkiness? Yea, it’s different.. and?
"WWWTTTHHHHHIIIIISSSSSSSSSSS!!!!"
I wouldn’t have it if musk paid me!!!  F,,, musk!!!
I didn't think people actually bought these.
Wow, there is no redeeming qualities on thid thing.... and the stans popping up are just the cherry on the top. This is what happens when a CEO is surrounded by yes man.
Or drop the tailgate for more efficiency.
How Stupid that on-Screen Drive/reverse feature
gear shift in the screen=dumbest engineering EVER.
It’s not cool Doug and a Ridgeline is more practical. 😆
Doug the type of guy to not know what a polygon is
windshield is $2,000!!!
Doug sounds a little out of touch. All those people pointing and taking photos are not doing so because they think the truck is so cool. They are posting them to social media to make fun of the truck and/or owner.
Possibky the most practically unpracticle vehicle wver created
Why is the creator insane? Guess anyone who thinks outside the box is "insane" smh
Garbage look, and I'm a Tesla fan. Big L here.
No electric for me. I'll stick with ICE cars for now. Until EV cars/trucks can pull into ANY "gas station" and fill up in less than 5 minutes, do so ANY where, not just EV stations, they will be nothing more than a quirk for me.
What're the odds i was listening ro surfer blood today and it's on your spotify?!
Wow...reading lots of jealous haters. They always go to personal attacks when they know they can't win the argument. On a side note: Most won't understand just how revolutionary "steer by wire" actually is for automobiles. There is no mechanical linkage between the steering wheel and the tires...no rack and pinion column...just electronic wiring sending a signal to the steering mechanisms attached at each wheel. In fact, Tesla could technically do away with the steering wheel all together and change it to a motion sensor and steer by waving your hand...but sure some fat cat politician would poo poo the idea.
I would love to have one!!❤ Come on lotto!!
why? why do they give this dumbarse ev's he doesn't like them so why give him one to review?
Governments should ban vehicles with sharp edges. Most vehicles have rounded edges to safeguard against serious damage to people. So many times, you have seen people and cyclists bounce off or roll of vehicles and walk away. This cybertruck will kill you instantly.
HALO
Imagine buying a cybertruck or raptor and thinking it is cool
Agree that the coolness won't age well.
Ugliest car ever made. Makes the Pontiac Aztec and Chevy Lumina van look like elegant Rolls Royces
The target market for this are guys who already own a back to the future replica DeLorean.
lethal if you get run over
truck?  too heavy to do any offroading..
How did that rear light set up pass regulators? The fact they dim on braking (with headlights on) is utterly confusing for anyone behind it...
I used to hate it until I saw one. It's actually pretty awesome. Styling by Charbroil though.
It's like Tron!
Honda Ridgeline solved the bed trunk, the tailgate opens 2 ways
So sad about what happened to the Doug Score. The fact that he made several videos talking about how this car is heinous and then he gave it a 5 to styling, just for it to beat every car related, it's just a sad and pathetic thing. He's the one who said that he would never stand by an opinion he would not agree and yet here we are.
It’s an absolute abomination.
Remember when the model 3s used to be cool? Yeah, not so much now. When cyber trucks are no longer cool they risk becoming the car equivalent of brutalism architecture.
No, it’s poorly made with loads of issues
Shut up Doug. This isn't cool. Not even Tesla website recommends the cyber truck 😂😂
If our car drawings in school were made into an actual car.
Its hood is considerably lower than F150. It may be better for pedestrians than F150.
I was wondering when you would do a podcast
This is a truck that people either absolutely f****ing hate or absolutely f***ing love. Ironically neither group can st*u about it.   Do I want one? Yes. Will I buy one? No. Super cool though.
This is the worst car I’ve ever seen
Do people actually think this looks good or are they just brainwashed bc it's a Tesla?
The Silerado EV just beat up Cybertruck in a Colorado mountain towing/charging contest on Out of Spec!
17:43 ~ A simple dust mop on a short stick would take care of the reach issue.
Quite possibly the only truck ever designed by a four year old that made it to production. I'm pretty sure I drew something like this in elementary school. Absolutely awful design.
I was trying to look more closely at that red BMW 5 Series.  That is a good looking classic BMW.
Love the doggie conditioning! ;)  This could also keep the babies safe from being forgotten in the back seat.
He reminds me of Quentin Tarantino
4:00 that's a cool detail! It's the same reasoning that closed cockpit racing cars have the windscreen wipers mounted vertically, often right in the middle. Better aerodynamics, less drag. With the Cybertruck, it makes sense too since there's no gap between the hood and the windshield, so no space to hide it under the hood like most other cars have.
we should admit,    will be way cooler if they have combustion engine version of cybertruck.
odd that this morning one of our longtime customers from a cabinetry company showed up in a purple blue cyber truck, got a  cool little tour of it, probably around the same time doug uploaded this but i didnt get around to it till now 😅😂
Doug the type of guy to drive his refrigerator through wet paint. 0:17
I’m guessing the US doesn’t have pedestrian impact safety standards…
Doug is the type of guy to pronounce “tonneau” in the quirkiest way possible
The robust stainless steel panels are something that I've wanted for a long time on a truck. Very practical to reduce rust and dents. Awesome and I want one.
Doug needs to take a pill.
Ah yes. Big truck bro energy was just what Tesla needed to incorporate.
Doug’s going to do just quirks on this.
2 shirt doug is so much better than 1 shirt doug
🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮 we must back to the 90’s and the 80’s
This has gotta be an ad.
Thanks for the fair review Doug. Some people need to leave their politics at the door and simply enjoy an interesting (very odd) car that's recently come out that is like no other. That fact might be a negative but only time will tell.
What a........piece of garbage
MIne's gonna be wrapped in Tonka yellow with big ol' yellow steelies and the word "TONKA" on the tailgate. Already got my CYBRTRC plates for it. Someone already had CYBRTRK unfortunately.
How is the auto-wiper?
Is he really this late?
I can physically see the panel gaps playing this video at 720p with my current eyesight rated at 20/70 vision.
Doug is the type of guy to get his fingerprints all over a Cybertruck
this is the only review you need to see about the doom truck: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFloLGmPKl0
What a disgrace!
Head turning does NOT mean cool. People stare because it is freakish and ugly.
Raptors are not cool Doug.
Absolutely no road noise, that’s crazy! Sounded like doug was speaking into a mic in a studio
could you imagine doing bodywork on stainless steel...
Doug the type of guy to say there are no curves on this truck.
Have to disagree with being cool factor. Traditional trucks are sold in hundreds of thousands units early because they get the job done, spending all those budgets to develop a cool car for cool rich people would never work out economically
Holy autofocus, Batman!
last one to the party??!  swear everyone else has already reviewed this thing.
looks like the biggest car ever among the cars i've seen in the channel!
Great review - love the detail (as always).   Managed to turn me off from it - so well done i guess! ;-)
3:25 Doug DeMuro phase-shifts into a reptilian and back to a car enthusiast! News at 11!
The Cybertruck's design legitimately makes me angry.  If a pedestrian is hit by a car going 30 mph they would probably live but not by a 3.5 ton bayonet on wheels.  It doesn't even look safe for the owner, touch it wrong, and I believe it will cut you.  Sure it looks cool, I think at least. But that's really not nearly as important.
“Taw-no” cover. “Taw. No.” Cover.
That is not  a truck. A truck actually hauls things, is off road capable and gas powered. Not that microwave on wheels
There's no room for a pickup truck in my life, but honestly, if Tesla made a cargo van with a similar design as this monstrosity, I'd buy one. My delivery work would be a lot more fun if my work vehicle could troll everyone else on the road.
I miss the old outdoor locations.  The garage is super boring
More to toys
Happy for you Doug…. Unfortunately.. I’m pulling away
Yeah. I’m calling the cops. Your freedom is not worth a car. Sorry but I’m a lawyer. One thing that I do know is that if you discharge your firearm and hit someone, 9 out of 10 times you are going to jail. The gun is only for use when you are in grave danger. There are very few times when deadly force is justified.
Cybertruck ftw!!
coolest truck ever. i wonder if this will become best selling truck? think it has potential from looking at peoples in person reactions
It´s angular because SpaceX Starship changed from carbon fiber to steel, Elon needed a steel factory, and the factory needed volume, but that steel could not be easily bent.  So no curves.
Finally someone points out how the tailgate makes using that under bed storage obnoxious. I plan to use that storage for things I don’t need all that often. I’ll use the frunk for the day2day like groceries, etc.
i don't whats uglier the cybertruck or those hideous grilles that BMW put on the m3, m4, iX, the 7 series, etc.
@35:10  Thissssss is one of the best 'QUIRKS & FEATURES' ever to be offered on a vehicle ever!!!!
Looks like Tesla copied the design of the Lo Res Car.
That’s no a car it’s just plain ugly
There is NOTHING cool about this car. It’s ridiculous.
"A company run by an insane person"  OK, (((libt@rd))) 🤣
No matter how cool doug say it is, to me is still an ugly huge piece of junk that gets attention because well, how many stupids things don't get people's attention?? lol
The washing machine line was great even if inaccurate. Doug pulled it off perfectly.
From IMDB: "After a wish turns 12-year-old Elon Musk (David Moscow) into a 30-year-old man (Tom Hanks), he heads to New York City and gets a low-level job at Tesla motor Company. A chance encounter with the owner (Robert Loggia) of the company leads to a promotion and he gets to create his very own car. The Cybertruck. Soon a fellow employee, Susan Lawrence (Elizabeth Perkins), takes a romantic interest in Josh. However, the pressure of living as an adult begins to overwhelm him, and he longs to return to his simple, former life as a boy."
In a podcast Musk said what kind of people the Cybertruck was targeting: weird people.
Doug have you lost weight? Double tee is looking a little looser. Great vid btw
Ez olyan ronda,hogy már szép ! ( It's so ugly it's beautiful! ) 😂
funny that Doug glazes this undercooked piece of metal while hating on the Yugo
I have watched you for years...never..I repeat NEVER have I felt like you were bought... UNTIL NOW.. unfortunate.  I myself have seen these uoclose and personal myself...there are a few running around Austin. I must say...your review is clearly bias...and gives the impression younhave a conversation with Elon to insure a "positive" review...I say all this because the truck is a total mess.. a total..rusty..poor build quality mess.... Side note about the rusting...he casually breezes by that issue by saying customers choose the wrap them..just never really says why....
i want to see a company that does bullet proofing get ahold of one of these.
Your the man Dug .. honestly I've had very little interest in the cyber truck from day one. Your video totally put this vehicle on my list..  in the most dug way ever.. the crazy numbers don't mean that much to me. It's a blanking truck.. and that's the information that I want. It truly am in the market for work truck that would be fully electric.. under $50,000 version of this would be exactly what my company needs.. and I truly wasn't even thinking about it until your video. Thanks a lot. You are the man..
5:10 "THIS is my moose knuckle!"
You forgot to talk about the bed of the truck.if you get stuck inside, there is a secret spot to open and you slide it out.
The finger chopping, carrot peeling, pedestrian beheading, fast rusting cyberfridge review is finally here!  Actually kinda excited to see if Doug's review is as goofy as Timmy & Jimmy from TH
I see Jay Lenos son is reviewing cars again.
Doug: They made the air vents completely invisible Me: Oh that's cool, I wonder where they're hidden! Doug: *refuses to elaborate further*
Pish...are you serious? I wouldnt be caught driving the cybertruck if i was paid to....😂...the design is terrible...wow...unbelievable 😂
Anyone else thought after Doug said “big news…” he would announce that this Cybertruck was for sale on Cars and Bids?
“It comes from a company ran by an insane person”  Couldn’t have said it better myself.
At least the tires are still circular....  They couldn't reinvent the wheel!
This is really not at all a hyped up car. It's cool, tolerable. It's laughable, even with the advanced tech. Top Ugliest car along with recent BMWs.  Ford Maverick, byd seal, Corvette, GMC hummer, rivian r2/r1t, lucid sapphire, model 3, Land cruiser, telluride, agera, Genesis seris...few of the cars that actually people want.
..you obviously haven’t been here, Tesla is literally on the other side of the Airport… 😅
I wonder will it be a really valuable vintage car in the future? I bet some people have vacuum packed it in to long term storage.
Finally Doug reviews it. My life is complete
Doug’s a little late to the party on this one.
If Batman drove a truck….
What’s the point of the interior electronic door opener if there’s a easily accessible manual backup in the same spot?
i mean in canada people buy trucks to actually do truck things, california isnt the center of the universe lol
@31:36 Mad Max will be disappointed if it don't arrive DownUnder 2026! Don't _HOG_ this Sweet Steel Machine Doug. Shear and shear alike.... _CLICK CLICK_
What's the battey replacement cost?
Everyone is doing a podcast now 😅
I don't know why anyone would want this thing. It's absolutely hideous, and a ridiculous gimmick.
I love the dog mode, that is too cool.
lock the focus for god sake...Darn if Doug
I know you're here Elon......  Stand and deliver
I want to know what one of those wiper blades costs
This thing looks like it would be really dangerous to the the occupants of another vehicle in a collision. Like just thousands of pounds of sharp edged stainless steel slamming into your car. I dont care how many airbags your car has thats gonna do a lot of damage. I appreciate innovative new automobiles but personally I think this thing is an abomination.
We have one as a consignment at my job and that shits rusting more and more every day sitting outside 💀
The seats aren't angular 😒  Also everybody knows the doug score is trash but Styling : 5. Ok guess it's a corolla or your average SUV of any brand ? Well it isn't is it ?  And I beg to differ on the truck competitors, the base spec if its anywhere near 40k will be a dream vehicle for contractors of all kinds, it can power tools, it can go offroad, it has the tesla charge network, it has enclosed bed cover and extra storage front and back. This will destroy the F150 EV and it's myriad issues which is also more expensive spec for spec I believe.
This isn't a "truck"... Car... It's a car. Trucks can haul things
ITS LOOKS ABSOLUTELY INSANE, "its look like kids drawing" it rust and has no practicality as real truck and trunk door can cuts your hands off
Doug the type of guy to take advantage of perspective when filming his intro.
Ah, the Tesla truck, the pinnacle of vehicular innovation, where you pay a premium to embark on a futuristic journey akin to buying a high-end smartphone but with the features of a flip phone. It's like acquiring a deluxe, overpriced electric paperweight on wheels. You get the unique opportunity to experience all the drawbacks of electric vehicle ownership, combined with the quality you'd expect from a budget ride at best. Basic features? Oh, those are for the weak. Who needs functionality when you can bask in the glow of trendy inadequacy, right?   It's not about the love for trucks or a passion for electric vehicles; it's about being seen in what's perceived as the vehicle of the avant-garde. It's about signaling to the world that you're not just any consumer, but a trendsetting shepherd leading the flock of sheeple, regardless of practicality or functionality.  In essence, buying this overpriced junk is making a declaration. A declaration that you value the image of innovation over actual utility, that you're willing to ignore the glaring deficiencies for the sake of being part of a "movement", one that's less about automotive excellence, and more about flaunting a badge of modernity.  Ultimately, the Tesla truck is a monument to our era's peculiar brand of consumerism, where the promise of tomorrow is sold today at the expense of common sense. It’s a badge of honor among those who measure progress not by strides in technology, but by how effectively they can be separated from their money in the pursuit of fashion. Welcome to the future, where looking part of the trend is evidently worth every inexplicably spent penny.
Please stop filming in that awful dungeon
Not pixelated. The dog is made from polygons.
You can plug in your washing machine? I think you meant your dryer Doug... washing machines use standard 120v power. Turned the video off after that one. No attention to detail on these reviews anymore.
This is the ugliest pos truck ever!!!
Looks like a Pontiac Aztek
When you fold a paper pickup truck 😂
Doug when are you going to review the Cybertruck?
'bout time... lagger... >:)
Regular pickups look cool when PARKED on jagged, uneven terrain. The Cybertruck does NOT! It looks like your desk tape dispenser ready to fall over!
@27:05 Iron Man will be happy on casual FrunkDay .... _FRUNK_ : Presses your T-Shirts and Jeans;
This thing looks like it was designed to bounce 127mm shells from close range lmao
This is what a truck looks like when you smoke weed, watch tron, then watch the fall guy.   There will never be one of these ever on a job site.
Must be designed by 5 year olds
That's called blinker fluid at O"Rileys.
Matte black paint or wrap would be CLEAN on this thing
Ayy
Well at least it does look futuristic
It's an ugly guillotine on wheels, totally impractical and illegal in countries with sensible road rules, glad one of them is mine, I'd HATE to see what this atrocity would do to people in any form on contact, it isn't made with anyone's safety in mind, it's just some w*nkers dream he had as a kid and now that he's got the money to make his demented dreams come true...pity he can't tell the difference between a bad idea and a good idea, when asked why he made it out of stainless steel and (supposedly) bullet proof his answer was "Why not" ? which is of course not an answer but is probably due to the fact that in South Africa, his real home, they have stop light hold ups so often that one company even sold cars with flame throwers installed on the front doors to discourage car-jackers...but this isn't South Africa and I don't know anyone who wants to drive around in a mad max tank when going out for a shopping trip or dropping off the kids etc.. Anyone who has the cash to drop on something this impractical , ugly, and dangerous should seriously have a rethink...
When the Lo Res car becomes an SUV 😂
Floating Vibes by Surfer Blood is a GREAT song lol great choice 16:35
A lot of plastic in that truck bed;  hard to think of it as an "American truck".
When you order  sink but you get a car
I’m holding out for a Chevrolet movie theater
Doug there's a curve on the front end my brother.
Mmmmmm gay
I have to say it’s a super unique vehicle. Can’t wait to see one up close. Great review on this truck
If I ever bought a cybertruck… Actually I wouldn’t it’s too ghastly to look at, plus teslas are shite
All of that being said, price, distance, charging stations and charging times are daunting hurdles.
Man, that thing is hideous.
Crap.
before this thing, I would’ve never purchased a pick up truck, but for the durability, technology, I am 100% buying the cyber beast. I love my model Y, and I refused to buy something with terrible software. Power share feature is awesome as well.
They should have shipped with PPF stock but Tesla is way WAY to cheap for that. Id still take the raptor
Tesla rn: whose horse is that?
I'll stick with my only moderately cool Ford Ranger that CAN Tow and DOES have decent payload capacity for a midsize truck and didn't cost me an arm and a leg.
This is a ghastly monstrosity. I hate it. This is a perfect example of how there is no longer beauty and passion in design, but bleak, cyberpunk, dystopian garbage. And oh yeah, the 4 foot tall tailgate is "no big deal" when  you're a 7 foot tall (or is 5'8"?) Doug DeMuro. Good luck gettin' those beers outta the trunk on game day. And getting it up? (giggity) Not to worry, this overpriced toaster on wheels has no  motorized action, unlike real truck at the same price point. Awesome.
Didn’t even mention the 4 wheel steering!
All you gotta do is just glue some pool noodles to all the sharp edges if you want to pass the pedestrian regulations  in the EU😁
Doug, Ugly? Really subjective sir. This is Beautiful!!
Just a reminder, the cybertruck is wider, taller, longer, and heavier, so buyers can steal the SUV tax credits that the oil industry lobbied the US government to hand out to businesses for their vehicle fleets.
Incredible that the Cybertruck is having low volume car issues, goes to show how big a company needs to be to not let the public do the R&D
I've sneered at the cyber truck until I saw the glovebox
Not a review at all. Just an advert. This guy has fallen off
No it isn’t. And you know it isn’t.
At least he admitted musky ain't right in the head
I want to see a cyber car
The greatest auto reviewer was last... but it was the best! 👏👏
Hasn’t cars and bids really benefited from selling the “insane” person’s automobiles?
THIS truck is ugly, the controls in it are horrible, I would rather have an F-150 Raptor any day.
Doug is the type of guy to only wash his clothes with a Cybertruck powered washing machine.
Looking foward to getting one .
After watch some deMuro’s videos what is very clear is that he could be called “Captain Quirky” due to the fact that’s his very preferred word by far. Greetings from Brazil.
All of those sharp edges on the Cybertruck will be an issue here in Europe. Pedestrian safety are quite strict and that imposes in what way manufacturers design the car. However it`s kinda ironic that they banned pop-up headlights due to pedestrian safety, Corvette C5 was the last ever model with them and yet this truck are legal with all sharp edges.
dislike, not enough hand gestures. need more animation
It looks like a shitting dog
They should've given it square wheels too
Doug is the type of guy to consider elon musk as his father
Now that's how it works. Elon would be proud.
counterpoint: no it's not and you should really know better than this
Overpriced gimmicky piece of crap
Throttle house was cutting carrots with the frunk lid in their video on the 'truck
When I get the Cybertruck, I'm putting 42 inch Mickey Thompson M/T tires on it AND I will BEEF UP the suspension and control arms with Liquid Suspension components and all-Titanium Alloys! I will also have to BEEF UP the EV motors with Cobalt-Samarium and update the pulse/switching gear with higher-end high-current IGBT (Insulated Gate Bi-Polar Transistor) motor pulsers to let it power the extra weight of the bigger tires and beefier suspension.   I will also tear out the current battery pack and put in a 5 Megawatt/hour Boron Nitride super-capacitor battery pack so I get SUPER-RANGE (3000 Miles or 5000 km on a single charge!) and finally REMOVE that current maximum speed limitation by burning a new Real-time Hardened Linux OS onto an AMD EPYC 128-core superchip setup installed in a rad-hardened, EMP/RFI/EMI-proof Half-inch thick Tungsten Faraday Cage box for my custom-coded ECU/MCU BIOS engine control microcode, custom-coded infotainment and custom Level-5 self-driving system!  Since it's my own microcode, I would also add many multi-sprectral IR/UV/RGB nightvision and 3D-XYZ LIDAR/RADAR and SONAR cameras so I can do ultra-high-end millions+ objects per second SOBEL/CANNY edge detection and pixel-to-vector-based object recognition so I can do FULL LEVEL-5 self-driving. For my off-road lighting, I will add 100,000 lumens LED RGB/UV/IR lightbars to the front, back and both sides of the truck AND add an SDR radio (Software Defined Radio) for multi-band, spread-spectrum, frequency-hopping-capable anti-SHOR's-algorithm-encrypted VHF/UHF/CB/GPRS/GMRS/Shortwave transceivers and my high-bandwidth Starlink/Iridium global internet capabilities using the on-board fractal antennas!  I will also put on the front and back of the truck some heavy duty all-Titanium bumpers with 20,000 lbs WARN winches front and back along with full width and full-height bush bars and bull bars on the front and back too!  I will also add an interior combo fridge/freezer box that can hold and cool my five foot-long subways subs, a six pack of pop and also keep a one gallon bucket of ice cream frozen solid for a few days or even a week or two! Then I will ruggedize and install a Nespresso coffee maker and add a ruggedized one cubic foot combo-convection oven and microwave to ensure my long drives will be in utter comfort and up to my well-fed standards! The back passengers get to use the installed ruggedized xBox on the 20 inch screens installed into the seats or plug-in some Apple Vision Pro VR glasses for long-drive entertainment.  Yup! I DEFINITELY KNOW how to cut, weld, CNC machine, 3D print and CAD/CAM/FEA all my desired Cybertruck modifications!  V
The best feature of the Cybertruck is that its distinct styling broadcasts to other road users that the driver is an entitled, rich, incomprehensible tool and important to avoid at all costs. This feature comes standard on all Tesla models.
ugly as hell. c8 z06 gang. keep gas alive.
Glad to be in Europe and hopefully never be able to see this "car"
https://youtu.be/IjJvX2NOtfs?si=oTdPmzK0TR61YCbR
I'll say it, what a shameful blatant plug for a giant eyesore that is about as welcome as Syphilis...
I dont like it.
All I can say is let the buyer. Beware that truck ain’t as great as everybody thinks.
Doug, please provide us with the quirks & features of Elon one day.
God this thing is the coolest ugly car there is.
Left side of your screen doesn't work? Cyber paper weight
Hilariously impractical.
Nic3 3 series wagon!
Such an ugly car!! And just look how bad the panels are fitted.
This is garbage from a garbage company run by a sociopath
*dryer
Something worth mention is headlight below in winter can get fully covered by ice when you get up in the morning. There is literally a shelf like bumper to hold the ice lol
It's ugly, unsafe, poorly built garbage that got stuck in the sand on a beach.
Outside of L.A., people actually do use the utility aspects of trucks and SUVs, Doug.
Somebody get this man a Tshirt sponsor
How the F this exists?)
I once read that what Tesla did was to deliver the car of the future. Their electric cars sure were the car of the future, and this steer by wire looks like it is too. The design also looks futuristic to the non car people.
There's a really good reason there's nothing else like it on the planet...  It's the most ridiculously ugly impractical vehicle in decades.
Pile of trash
Yeah, I’ll take my Honda super cub over this cyber truck because at least I know I owned the super cub
This car is going to be the greatest failure in American automotive history.    It will go down worse than the Pinto
This will be Doug's most viewed video. Mark my words.
cs188 gonna tear this to shreds fr
That was a good and positive fair review with some elements that were new to me and with some really good exemplifications.  A few misses (or omissions) and clarifications:  * The Cybertruck is made in Texas by a Texan company headquartered in Austin. Probably the most American vehicle (in percentage) of any vehicle sold in the US * The AWD CT acceleration is 4.1 seconds 0-60  * The AWD weighs 6600 pounds * The Cyberbeast weighs 6900 pounds * With the windows open when closing the door, the window will raise slightly to show the CT profile * There is one more level of suspension height (highest): Extraction mode (from the off road menu) * There is another button to open the frunk from the outside in the middle just below it * The rusting is a myth and debunked. The stainless steel is incredibly corrosion resistant and much much stronger than the thin metal skin of legacy trucks. * There are more buttons, P R N D, below the hazard lights button * In the back the middle seat rest folds down to become an arm rest with cup holders * There are 110V in both rows * Concerning pedestrian safety. In a worst case frontal hit with a person the CT is probably safer then legacy trucks as the front is lower and is one long slope. A person has a good chance of sliding over the top * The tail gate is spring loaded and can be closed with one finger * The CT can be used to charge other cars and as a battery for your house * The frunk will actually not cut an arm where you put the t-shirt. There it will sense it. However, near the hinge point the frunk may cut your hand/fingers badly * Front seats are heated and ventilated * You can move the passenger seat forward/back from the rear seats screen
Imagine spedning $80,000 on a truck and the interior constists of a tablet and nothing else. Minimalist yeah right.
Very detailed and balanced review,  just 2 things missed are the front bumper camera and the enhanced sound system.
Coolfactor 10 is a choice.
Doug, I don't always agree with some of your personal views on some vehicles, that's the beauty of the industry though, there is something for everyones views and taste. That being said, I do appreciate your channel and the in-depth reviews. As for the Cyber Truck,  no thanks. I think I scribbled that thing or something similar in 1st grade.
3:45  HA, my 1995 W124 Benz diesel and the Cybertruck has something in common... A single wiper!
I'll believe this is a usable truck after an old farmer uses it for 10 years and says it's worth it.
This only exists because Musk has a small one.
Naw, it’s not cool… it’s an “appliance”… 🤔… who said that…
Still looks stupid and isn’t practical at all
With all those nearly flat surfaces that the charge on the fly solar panel is not a thing.
Normally, Doug would mention the MSRP on vehicles. He didn't mention that on this post. Nevertheless, these joints are gonna fly out of Tesla's dealerships, regardless of the price.
2024 Tesla Cybertruck Review: This Is Just Plain Cool / Doug DeMuro https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDkzm_LR0Co  2024 Tesla Cybertruck Review: This Is Just Plain Cool / Doug DeMuro https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDwteyrykzm_LR0Co
It is so nice that it has no doorhandles that will be very great in the winter when there is freezing rain and the door is frozen shut that’s gonna be very helpful not it’s not worth the tiny bit of gain in arrow dynamics not to have a doorhandle
Not having a gauge cluster or screen in front of you is why I will never own a tesla. Having to look at your center console screen for speed is beyond ridiculous.
i think you misspelled "junk"
@2:25 'BRUTALIST' Architecture is one of my favourite design styles. No wonder l loved the CT from the very first moment it came on stage in 2019!
The most American made vehicle, fresh out of Austin, Texas, batteries and all! Solid stainless steel, 9 mm bulletproof. It is beautiful!❤👍
You lost me at "Insane Person" Unsubscribed.
The problem a lot of these “cool” trucks is they lack the basic functionality of a truck. The beds are are sooo small you can barely fit anything in there. Most ppl owning a construction business will not be able to fit their equipment in any of them. The oldschool style trucks are just better.
The highs with the cybertruck are really high and the lows very low
Finally Doug found a vehicle that ONLY comes in the launch color.
FOCUS!!! 😅
stainless steel + ridiculous + crazy inventor... DeLorean
Hey, just remember everybody if you own a Tesla vehicle I’ll correct if you think you own a Tesla vehicle you don’t own the vehicle the vehicle hooks up to the Internet and Elon Musk can shut it off anytime he wants and anytime you do not have full control over something you do not own it. This vehicle is watching you all the time, so you can use it as long as you follow the rules but just know that even if it says purchase, you did not purchase the vehicle
Sad to see what was once an honest YouTube reviewer simp for a company that has lied to their customers (and charged them $12,000 to be lied to) while building what is UNIVERSALLY know to be the lowest quality, least reliable cars. They opened a whole division to cancel customer appointments and you are going to promote this thing? Shame on you, Doug. It’s gross to see how low you’ll stoop for clicks these days.
Super cool car
It would be so easy to vinyl wrap these...
You can't even hide in your car after EMP, let alone drive it.
Rather drive a 1984 POS Toyota van. Smh
The cybertruck is a Tesla in the shape of a truck, rather than an actual truck.
That pos  not cooler then raptor r or trx. I rather have those the cyberjunk
I like Elon and his drive to achieve, but I just don’t get why he and his team thought this Polygon design is cool?  It looks awful and is not a pick up truck.  The stainless steel is already showing signs of rust corrosion on other Cybertrucks on youtube.  This vehicle is not practical for a construction crew, farmer, or mobile mechanic.  It is for Rich people who want something different than everyone else and will no doubt be popular with wealthy soccer moms in California.
This is the essence of a nontruck. The utility is very lacking. Utility is a trucks middle name.
No one cares dude)
So it’s not weird that the drive indicator is on the roof? So it’s not weird that there’s no dash gauges? We’re just gonna normalize sticking everything in the center screen? This review is pretty bad, it’s clear Doug doesn’t want to make Elon unhappy.
Rust is cool now I guess?
Cool, really?  It makes me admire my 35 year old stainless kitchen sink that hasn't rusted yet and it was not build by a man who knows the most about manufacturing on this planet... It looks good as well!
The camera problems, in the beginning makes me feel like when I used to wear glasses; you take them off and you kinda feel like that.
Doug the type of guy to review a car when the hype's died down.
California's so weird!  240V washing machines?  Glad I live in the rest of America where washing machines only requires 120V.
doug the kinda guy to drive thru balboa in a fridge
Glass Breaks at https://youtu.be/XDkzm_LR0Co?t=1336 LOL
This is an appliance….. Doug is just lazy now ….
Piss a cyber truck owner off? When they ask do you want to see my truck say "NO Thanks" :) Like telling Trump you don't want his autograph. Ev toy cars ... when they stop selling gas !
This car is 100% ridiculous.
I would die of embarrassment to be seen in one.
its amazing how literally none of the panels are aligned
One of the coolest designs. Been a while since I've watched a Doug review because it's typically the same stuff. This car has my attention!
Remember when the cyber truck beat a 911 while towing a 911 at a drag race
When the DeLorean meets the Chevy Avalanche 1st gen
The moment I’ve been waiting for 🍿
I think suicide doors on the rear would push this over the edge!
Doug the incompetent troll...
Transporter 5
damn i had not realized just how immense this truck is jeeeez. doug looks tiny next to it
Call me crazy, I don't like it...
thanks dougster been waiting for this of course hahaha
For a truck it can do very little real truck work....not suitable at a building site.
3:41 -  That mirror the curviest part on the car,  aside from the wheels
I think Elon is a CGP Grey Fan with all them hexagons
This is the only review on this thing I’ve been dying to see 🎉
How’s the view😂
If by cool you mean obnoxious and cringe then yes, it's a super cool vehicle.
Why do Americans keep saying hand over hand. Dont any of you know how to drive with one hand?
Would of been hilarious if Doug couldn’t find 1 quirk in the entire Cybertruck 😂
Yes! Another podcast!😅
I think Doug was some sort of flamboyant wizard in a past life
Take your bandages when you take your truck to the self carwash and your working against the clock.
Doug the type of guy to say that besides every weird aspect the driving experience is not that weird.
Отличный МАСКвич.
Been waiting for this!
did you get more attention while driving with the cybertruck or with the carrera gt?
"Show me the Carfax" Nah... Show me the Doug Score!
Looks like a forty year old De Lorean.
My 5yr old car drawing were FUTURISTIC AF.
Doug the type of guy to cut his finger on an AMC PACER 😂
I love it
I actually found a Tesla logo. They’re on the windows
it's so ugly it's almost cool
The most undesirable vehicle I've ever seen in my 39 years of life. Take me back 😔
Doug is so afraid that someone might think he's a musk supporter that he had to slip right at the beginning "crazy car from a crazy guy". Pretty pathetic
I’ll bet that EV would become a $100K piece of scrap within a half hour of trying to follow my Jeep Gladiator on a moderate romp. I will admit that I drive a brick on wheels, but my roof comes from and stores in a few minutes, which I enjoy immensely. Plus the body panels came fitted very well, unlike any Tesla I’ve seen. I’m basically driving the AntiTesla.
This is going to be the hummer H1 in  ten years.
come on!!! what a missed opportunity there!!! CYBER FRUNK!!! what a loosers...
The outside reminds me of a silver Gen 1 Ridgeline
17:54 There's another person in the video who has no likeness to Doug himself?! Wow!😲  Now as far as the cybertruck showing up in the 6 boros of NY is DEFINITELY NOT happening at all!!!
And after this video recommendation next is "Americans refuse to buy EV's...why?" Really why?
Keep the Cybertruck and give me please the red BMW from the garage...
There are reasons why there isn’t anything else like it, Doug…and they are all good.
Ugly but oh so cool....what the Pontiac Aztek coulda been...sigh
the "being cool" angle is such a north american thing. if youd show up with one of these in berlin, itll be set on fire withing a couple of hours. its heinous.
In the Rock voice........Finally the Cybertruck has been reviewed by Doug Demurno....
Camera autofocus losing its mind.
Drinking Game:  "as you can see"
I'm not very fond of the styling.
Carjacking crime must be so high that Doug had to do the review indoor. 🤣
Doug, the type of guy who'd name his dogs Quirk and Feature
Ok. I really don't uh understand how everyone likes this trash. Looks like a cheap home appliance, ugly, expensive, not useful as a truck, etc etc etc.
Unironically 'reviewing' this POS as if it's a viable vehicle in any single way.  _#JFCYT_
What a stupid car.
Would a full-height human like Ed Bolian have enough headroom in the back?
INEOS Grenadier is COOLER
Those taillights are going to cause accidents.
5/10 on Styling is being generous. I would only give it a 2
I always pronounced it tah-no cover,  but I learned today that I've been saying it wrong for 40 years.
Elon Musks stupid vanity truck will kill people because of the unnecessary forward facing spike in the unnecessary forward facing blind spot. At least it looks dumb.
Reeeeee! Ree reeeeeeee!!!!
I feel like Doug is resourceful enough to find a better place to film videos than Cars & Bids' too dark parking garage.
So basically it’s just really fugly looking?😂
How much did they pay you to write that this vehicle is cool? Lets be honest the thing is a turd with wheels.
Still the ugliest and most uncool looking vehicle I've ever seen.  Built by a company that cares more about gadgets than actual vehicles. Even then, the much ballyhooed tonneau cover is basically 50 year old window shade technology stuck on what they call a truck.
I didnt watch full video because of the s***y place you recorded and i hit the 👎🏽 every time you record in there every one should hit the 👎🏽
So the left and right turn signal buttons are both on the left side of the steering wheel and on top of each other? And you are unable to move the rearview camera feed to the actual review mirror (that this owner removed). Would have liked to hear your experience having to look down at a crowded screen, rather than up at a single purpose mirror. You mention potential  difficulty getting stuff out of the bed, but what about putting it in? Lifting large items into bed will certainly be a challenge. I heard elsewhere that the Soundsystem is perhaps one of the best out there.
just calm down
Sorry but this thing is extremely ugly and very impractical. I do usually like Elon though and other Teslas aren't bad
Well clearly this is meant to be driven on Mars not the Earth so most of your negatives are baseless .
I think you meant dryer, washing machines use normal outlets.
Trucks hideous ugly all the people that are gonna buy them and think they're in a lambo
The dog somehow reminded me of Tekno the robotic dog.
Doug give it up! Cyber Junk......Cyber Trash....an Automotive "Design" by a 10 year old. Elon Musk Laughing at they Emperor's New Clothes Cult that would even consider buying a Soap Box Derby reject. Embarrassingly CRUDE!
It looks like a Liebherr Monolith stainless steel fridge.
“Cybertruck pedestrian issues”…that’s one way to say “vehicular manslaughter”😂
Imagine dropping $100,000 on a truck, and immediately wrapping it in shelf paper.
In what universe is the R1T faster than the CT? One were you compare the quad motor R1T to the dual motor Cybertruck?  The fact that the R1T is more conventional and the Cybertruck isn't, doesn't mean that it is more beautiful than the CT. Anyway, just one man on the internet's opinion
When I bought my 2012 Chevy Z71 in 2012, the salesman asked what was I going to do with it first. I said I needed to plant a food plot for deer and I was going to use a logging chain, chained to a stump to tear up the field. He couldn't believe it. Like you said Doug. Raptor owners are a bunch of rich douche bags that never use them it's all for show. And actually that's mostly truck owners today. Maybe not the rich part, but how many owners actually use the 4 wheel drive? I have 165,000 miles on it today. Still going off road and still planting food plots.
POS WHY WOULD YOU CALL MUSK INSANE
You are now a Nazi because you reviewed a Tesla. Kidding but there are people who really think that SMH
Probably the best Cybertruck review yet. Another feature worth mentioning is the visibility out the front windscreen . Compare this to a Ford Lightning or a Silverado , they feel like your sitting in a postbox , and your looking out through a narrow opening . A signature design feature i think utilised by TESLA ,is to keep the lower edge of the windscreen low , this helps the cabin to feel less claustrophic , and bigger and spacious instead. A small thing but it makes a big difference to the driving experience. After sitting in a F 150 Lightning recently for the first time it was the one thing that was somewhat annoying how high the dash board was and how narrow the view out the front window was . Both the Lightning and the Cybertruck are completely unsuited for the European market due to being too long , just impossible to park in the vast majority of car parks . This could mean both Ford and Tesla , will possibly have another bite of the cherry , to deliver a different design , to capture sales in other markets .
I have a Tesla and sometimes that screen doesn’t come on. How can I shift gear with this truck without the screen ? Helloop
Something worth mention is headlight below in winter can get fully covered by ice when you get up in the morning. There is literally a shelf like bumper to hold the ice lol
I said this vehicle looked like a refrigerator fused with a microwave months ago....now they have added a babbling idiot.....
THIS... is a new level of glazing doug... glad you are still cracking new accomplishments this long into your career!
Ugly and a compromised vehicle. Hard pass
This guy clearly has no taste whatsoever, and a penchant for the absurd and ridiculous.
@dougdemuro Doug and team, the new garage is not as good as Doug believes it is. The lighting is suboptimal, and the echo is annoying.  Also, it looks gloomy, dodgy just like a public parking garage does.
I’d rather get a Rivian
I hate the tiny taillights on this thing.  They don't match the rest of the styling in my opinion, and then having a lightbar that turns *off* when you hit the brakes is just going to confuse the heck out of other drivers...
marquess brown lee can really learn something about reviewing a car.  GO DOUG
How do you drive if the screen is cracked?
Very ugly
Doug why haven’t you shot a video at the freedom factory? You know how many views you’d get if you shot a review of a crown Vic during the freedom 500? You’re leaving great ideas on the table man. That video, Doug doing a crown Vic video, live during the freedom 500 would go viral.
🪨
My 1973 454 4 speed corvette 0-60 6.5 seconds.  Many minivans can accomplish in todays vehicles
saw my first example in the wild a few days ago on a sunny day. it's bigger in size than i thought it would be 😂
Doug is my type of guy
Dough being Dough, the old enthusiast we sometimes miss.
I find it a bit depressing that Tesla spent all it's R&D on this. The world needs a small, cool, EV that can be used across the world and has decent range / efficiency. This a US only waste of space with awful efficiency and as you say only for the rich. Cool? Yeah ok it is, it's bold and had a newness factor. Future of the world relevance? None.
The lighting and echoing in that garage is horrible
Hopefully other companies will follow either 48 volt and steer by wire.  Building a vehicle with seats and console already attached to the battery is revolutionary.  INSTALLING the whole unit from underneath must dramatically decrease building time and costs.  Tesla has stated other companies will catch up on EV’s but their assembly process speed will be very hard to beat.  One reason such huge profits/vehicle.  Obviously not too much profit on Cybertruck for a few years but a niche product.  This vehicle should be twice the msrp.model Y already best selling worldwide car for 2023, gas or electric.
It looks like a container with some wheels bolted to it. Awful
Horrible  truck it look like a coffin
33:54 .... NO ITS NOT COOL. ITS UGLY AS HELL!!
Not cool. Just plain UGLY!
Unless if the front driver door/driver rear door weren't closed all the way, those 2 doors do not line up correctly 12:25
Tesla should makes a matching stainless trailer for it.
It’s trash throw it away dude should be bankrupt for that robbery 😂
every time he says unusual, you can replace it with stupid idea
this should be called Cybertrash
Matt Farah liked this vid
Doug called the new Tesla Model 3 boring, I wondered what he would think of the Cybertruck if they let him review one, let’s find out ( watching the rest of the video) …..
I wish Lexus would have come out with the  variable steer by wire because they did come out with it first. But Lexus would rather refine it that bring it out so they're still tweaking it.
Why this guy’s review is better than any other car reviewers even late.
It will not cut off your arm, that’s a wild thing to get wrong
Why was the Tesla Model S Plaid out of order on the Dougscore?
I hate electric cars… but tbh this is cool.
The end of the channel 😢
Toaster 👎 🍞 🤮 💩
Seeing this next to Doug for scale, it's freaking huge.
Doug made us wait a long time for this review!
No turn signal stalk? Great! Even more BMW drivers.
that brake light / tail light situation is ridiculous
The wheel covers say it all. It ain't ready, but it is hyper-stupid. This is the perfect answer to the question nobody's asking.
It just occurred to me that Doug hasn't reminded us of his height in some time.
But will alanis fit in the frunk? Guess we’ll never know.
I miss the time when Doug review houses during the pandemic.
What's the usable battery size on both models?
"Dog: polygons "Doug: pixelated
Can radar detect the cybertruck? it's shape reminds me of stealth thins in the military.
We should all be as "insane"  as Elon Musk.
Looks like a Lego truck
26:49 I want @AlanisKing to try to fit in there and close the lid on herself lol.
Ah yes, the Incel Camino
I wouldn't drive this if it was given to me. It's flat out ugly and looks like something designed 30 yrs ago as a joke.
10 seconds in "run by an insane person" hahahahaha
Most impractical truck ever
I understand that you want more money, but how much were you paid to do this one? This is an insult to intelligence made by a mentally damaged person. An unappealing piece of you **** only having any appeal due to its insane leader.
Pretty sure I saw this vehicle being used to bust out a bunch of marines that were being bombarded by Aliens ✌👽
“It’s really hard to access the bed, no big deal” a bed being almost the entire point of a pickup truck. This thing fails in every aspect except being weird.  I get that it’s not really supposed to be a pickup truck but it certainly isn’t cool. But hey at least you can peel vegetables with the door that’s neat.
Amaizing how people’s actually buy anything like this , just disappointing 😅😮😢
Great!
https://youtube.com/shorts/qwD0tAWZnwQ?si=JyP65CLTnhThDxvU
Bro really said ingress and egress 😂😂
It looks absolutely ridiculous in the flesh and I don't mean that in the traditional meaning of the word.
This car was designed on a PS1.
Doug is the type of guy to talk about how weird the windshield wiper is without filming it in use.
He cleaned it for the review but that audio I can't take
There is no reason for the Hummer to get a better daily score but a worse weekend score...
You’re right, the coolest truck.  Now people are mad they overpaid for an old school truck.  You see $100,000 Escalades which seem overpriced compared to EV’s.  Same with those $100,000 Raptors. With high inflation and high debt lots of $75,000-$100,000 trucks/suv’s sitting on lots not selling,  LOT ROT
Its ugly tho. Seriously
All i can think about is the instructor when a kid takes one of these to the DMV for their driving test. Lol
This is just plain ULGLY and LAZY.  Jesus f##### Christ!!!  It took like what 30min to design.
THIS...... is super late to the party.
Doug’s biggest blunder of 2024? Making a very late Cybertruck review.
Holy cheap plastic batman! This makes a 90s GM interior look like a Bentley 🤣
1. Thank you for the review!  Been waiting a lonnnngggg time for your take!   2. I would love an update with the cyberbeast 3. It’s amazing to think you have 40 minutes of a review talking quickly and packed with info/details, and still things like the 48V and super tough/bullet resistant stainless steel weren’t even covered, (let alone the full the FSD/AP that haven’t come yet, which you did mention but obviously couldn’t review). It’s just an overload of quirks and features!  😂 I have a preorder in, but was waiting to hear your thoughts on the steer by wire. So excited for it. It seems like one of those markers in the automotive world timeline “before CT/after CT” (just like EVs/teslas in general and the giant ipad screen/minimalist interior/flush door handles. That used to be wild and now it’s ever. Single. Car.)
Texas economy bout to boom!
that rear light situation is terrible....modern and especially EV vehicle lights are all moving this way and I'm amazed they're legally allowed to do it...
Sorry but the trx looks way better than the cyber truck. It's Still cool, just not that cool. Lol
@barbaranew8637 1 second ago ..............WHY DOES HE CALL IT A TESLA WHEN ITS A ' MUSK  ??????????? maybe he doesnt want it to sound musky.
..............WHY DOES HE CALL IT A TESLA  WHEN ITS A ' MUSK ??????????? maybe he doesnt want it to sound musky.
Whatta pile...
The only sharp angle is on the A pillar
cybertrash
I SAW ONE in los gatos ca. everyone thought SO
pedestrian friendly in 2024  , its a machine from logans run from the 70 s  :)
Nice job on this review!!!!!  Thank you.
...........**************SERIOUSLY, IT LOOKS SCRAPPY!!!!!!!!! HONESTY,  TRY IT
I disagree with the upstage and cool. It's just facken ugly, and other than it's appearance nothing new or different from the Rivian. Raptor R, TRX still much higher cool factor. No comparison. This just a whacky body kit, Rivian.
It's hideous.
I placed an order as soon as Doug double tap the Window on the screen.
Im still driving an 04 ford escape. Wonder what the life span of that thing will be with electric everything lol.
CT is king of the useless vehicle category driven by skill-less people.
So many compromises for the sake of style, terrible driver visibility, joke shades, confusing rear lighting scheme (yeah, I'm sure that won't confuse ANY other drivers having the brakes make the rear end DIM!).  Liked the video, but I am satisfied I will never want one of these trainwrecks.  Even simple things like the the turn signal stalks, which are easily intuitively operated blind, are replaced by a pair of featureless buttons right next to each other, I'm sure that won't ever cause confusion...
You can tell be the design that they just made up stuff as they go.
i wonder what will happen to ppl that get ran over by one of these
Steer by wire is incredibly dangerous because it prevents the driver from gaining a calibration of the vehicle's steering response.  This is critically important when it comes to emergency maneuvers where there isn't the time to wait for feedback from the vehicle to see if you have turned the wheel far enough or not.  You have to be right on the first go in a one-shot steering input to avoid the obstacle.  Also, all feedback from the wheels is lost to the driver.  A truly terrible vehicle.
Bro that thing looks like it wouldnt show up on radar
Puked in my mouth the whole time
12:37
Doug the type of guy who hypes us cars however crappy they are
Sorry I'll keep my Ram ! Not interested in driving a BBQ 😏
I waited an extra 4 years for my new 2017 Model X.  It has over 70,000 miles now.  Never visited service center.  Only maintenance have been tires.  Almost a zero service vehicle.  I charge at home with solar/battery storage and save $600/month on gas and home electricity.  I can not control healthcare costs but can control energy costs plus no oil filters in landfills every 5000 miles.  No petrochemical odors in cabin.
So water is gonna pool in the button for the bed. If you live in areas that freeze…..🤦🏽‍♂️
lol The Cybertruck only upstages those other two with people who lack taste.  I would ignore them.  When I had a mowhawk, people weren't staring at me because they thought I was cool or jealous of me - just like if I stare at a Cybertruck it's because I'm thinking about all the poor life choices that shmuck made to end up in that thing.
Good God this thing is ugly
Its time to face the fact that Dougs reviews ignore reliability price cost of ownership and any real useful info. Its all just how cool something is for the short time he has it
bruh what happens when the car completely dies then how are you going to get it into neutral to tow it to the non existent ev charging station
It's a gimmick to draw attention and it's going to be one of the reasons for Tesla's downfall.
The Aztek was ugly. This is uglier. That's a difficult feat to pull off.
If money is a concern don't buy this vehicle.
Cybertruck a unique platform for a car company.  It’s a niche platform where Tesla can try new technologies which will filter down to other Teslas like 48 v system and steer by wire.  800 volt architectural as well as less weight from less copper.  Plus getting rid of Canbus.  Other car companies where mainstream vehicles are trucks like GM and Ford do not have that luxury.  Big 3 does not sell sedans like Model 3.  Actually Big 3 have lost customers to Toyota, Honda, and Nissan as customers looking for sedans less than $30,000 as a new average vehicle is $48,000 gas or electric.  Big 3 stated sedans not profitable.
20:15 Thinking back to when Doug reviewed the Previa and said "I bet you'll never see a car with a hexagonal window again"
Here; Have all these amazing features in your brand new expensive cutting edge eectric battery powered vehicle. But there is one condition... You cannot use ANY of these features IF you actually want to get to where you are going. SORRY.
absolutely the most useless piece of garbage "truck" that is the ugliest and dumbest idea of a vehicle i have ever seen in my life!!!!
Who exactly is meant to buy this vehicle?  Who is meant to find it useful?  The poseur market will exhaust itself very quickly, then there will be nothing.  This is a vehicle that isn't good at anything real.
I don’t think we can call it cool when it has Shien build quality.
If doug can sit in the back comfortably theres plenty of leg n head room xD
This guy is like a 75% Jay Leno clone.
Normally these big trucks are death traps. The cybertruck is big and safe for its driver. Big trucks are normally dangerous for everyone driver and whoever they hit
I think I kind of get what Musk is trying to do. He's trying to make a statement similar to what Henry Ford did with his model T which was considered the ugliest car on the road at the time but he's stuck with it and ignored what everyone told him.
They did such a good job designing this thing. 👍
Most watched video record in jeopardy?
I'm delighted Doug likes it even if I don't : )
At least the Cybertruck can go more than 88 miles per hour without traveling through time. It does travel through space though.
Cybertruck really is something new for a change and not one of those copy and paste designs we had for decades. And its even better than the other EV trucks. GM, Ford and so on: All much heavier, less range, less cargo/drag weight, less features. No Future updates and model maintenance while a Tesla Model S from 2013 still gets updates and new features today.
It's not minimalist. It's brutalist.
Tesla makes own in-house batteries, 4680 dry cell tabless for Cybertruck.  Other companies buy expensive 3rd party batteries from China and Korea.
Umm Doug, washers use a 110 outlet. Dryers require 220 😂.
Imagine buying a cyber truck to be cool & realizing you’re just a drooling loser giving 100k to one of the world’s biggest living idiots.
Came to dislike
"wear" aka rust lol
I saw a trailer of these things today going thru Atlanta.........very strange especially after seeing a trailer full of covered Corvettes last week.
Am I the only one who LOVES the way this car looks!? I think it's beautiful, seriously!
Hummer with 72 points comes second and model s with 73 is only fourth 🤔
Past 3 years horrible inflation compounding yearly.  2019 to now new cars msrp have increased 41% but sadly salaries only 15%.  Inflation is definitely the HIDDEN TAX.  We still have high inflation with both consumer and government overspending and buying more debt.  Consumer credit card debt 1.3 trillion.  Government 34 trillion.
I would....
It's an easy contender for the ugliest car ever created. Only people with no taste and sense of style could ever find this car even remotely "cool".
oh look at me look at me
how does this thing pass pedestrian safety standards?
The best looking thing in this whole video is the red BMW E34
That thing look awful man
A pile of 💩 on wheels lmao 🤣
Perfect guy to explain quirks & features of the Cybertruck.  I want one! I have yet to hear if the horn is different.  😅
Did you just publicly call Elon insane ? Nice …I guess Elon is gonna own this channel now lol
HellCat
John 14:6 (KJV)  Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.
No apparent space for spare tire?
Thus truck is just ugly but I live doug and his content
Monolith?  Ha!
Tuned in to the podcast. You guys need to learn from an audience perspective, its almost unbearable to listen your show for even 10 minutes when all of you constantly talk over each other, intejecting before someone has got out their second word let alone complete a whole sentence. I hope this improves otherwise its a no from me.
Is anyone talking about how the  Pontiac Aztek was first to this party???
I'd give the styling a 10: making a car look apparently simple and minimal but still look interesting from every angle is much harder than just stacking details upon details and rely one allready known themes. The Cybertruck is a master class in design. If you are into architecture, you can argue that the Cybertruck is the very first Brutalist car design.  Shame we will never see it here in Europe...
I did a 60 roll against one of these in my modded '18 F150 3.5 Ecoboost.  Let's just say I will now forever call it the Cyberchonk.
A childish design. And very poor quality.A Bull Sh=' car for the emotionally immature.
I've been waiting for this for soooo long. Thanks Doug!
It used to be a military truck, design of these piece is fairly minimalistic.
Damn 39:56 of video and the truck hasn’t rendered yet, I gotta turn up my GB of RAM
I hate what Elon Musk has become and think he is a danger to democracy everywhere, but you've got to give credit where credit is due, and this is one hell of a truck that employs American workers and helps keep America at the cutting-edge of EV technology (unless Trump gets reelected and outlaws EVs, in which case China will eat our lunch)!
Ugliest truck I've ever seen its extremely ugly
The more I see this vehicle the uglier it gets to me. Absolutely hideous.
Front trunks are one of those items that increase safety in an EV.  It’s an additional CRUMPLE ZONE.  Remember in the past the German automakers laughed at USA crumple zones.  Now USA leading in safest cars!  Made in the USA!
nothing cool about it
I think someone should apply air conditioning vent graphics on the sides with a faux thermostat attachment and vertical cables sticking up in the air. The guy with the HVAC fetish will go nuts. 😉
Steer by wire is probably awesome but I feel like somebody is for sure gonna panic and skid everywhere by immediately fully deflecting the steering at high speeds
small windows on the front should have screens showing what is in this dead spot
Could you find a more echoing location ?
im confused, its cool because of its styling. so how does styling get a 5 but cool a 10? styling should also be a 10 right?
Prolly the truck version of the Lo- res car
Doug is the type of to guy to regress in the back seat.
It's already starting to rust
I think Tesla is setting up Cybertruck to be its own stand alone brand...if this freak of nature is actually successful.
Other issues with the worlds most useless truck:  - Headlights are blinding people worse than other LED headlights because they face upward.  = Causes crashes.  People DO crash when blinded.  - The "bed" is effectively useless.  The extended-range batter = 1/3 gone.  Want a spare tire?  Nope, or you put it in the bed.  I don't think you can have the extended battery + a spare.  Every car I've ever owned in 30 years of driving has required me to use a spare due to damage from road debris, hitting a curb, a collision,  failed tire, etc. - Pay an extra $5000 for a wrap to protect the panels... that makes it worse than buying a case for your beautiful iPhone to protect the phone.  Of course, the wrap will also hide the rusting stainless steel.    Their shock face should be amusing.  This makes the CT a pointless, expensive toy for rich people.  By 2025, nobody will look "cool" owning a CT.
Founders version is an initial beta version of truck.  Customers realize there will be issues that will need to be addressed.  The wealthy understand with new products.  The wealthy make it possible for the masses later.  Remember the cost first plasma TV or microwaves.
I could not buy a car with any part of the controls (forward/reverse) in the touch screen.  Lots cool there though.
Amerimutt educations makes people be amazed by one of the worst vehicles produced in the past 20 years.
Reminds me of a scene from Tropic Thunder. They went full r...rd. Everyone knows you never go full r...rd.
People don't even buy it to use as an actual truck smh
"it comes from a company run by an INSANE person!"  best line of the video👍👍
it literally could have been cool styling but they just fumbled it
You should review a Honda CR-Z!
22:14 ok that's pretty funny
Nice review. I absolutely hate the white interior panels and I'd change that to black (or some dark material) immediately. Love the Squircle and drive by wire, plus four-wheel steering. Tons to love about the CT. The dog is 'low poly 3D', not pixelated, but I wouldn't expect most people to know that distinction.
Doug. You do know that there are PRND buttons besides the hazard light button, right? Back up controls in case your screen fails
Something about the Doug score is broken if the ridiculous useless stupid Electric GMC Hummer is only one point behind
Just a toy for rich males with arrested development.  It's heavy, dangerous, ugly, and will do nothing to save the climate.
not a fan anymore of the cyber truck🤨
Doug I'm shocked you think this dumpster fire is cool. It's missing software, the fit and finish is unbelievably terrible, and breaks when taken off road. The only people who drive these are arrogant followers of musk. From my understanding people who were on the list that were a year plus out are now being told they can take delivery. I think there have been alot of cancellations. I'd really enjoy if you could test a Bugatti EB110ss or a Dauer which bought the left over bodies. What about testing a Cizetta Moroder V16.
Ita not a planet you have to wake up i wouod bet you 1 million dollars thats its not a planet ... wow.  Not sure how water bends
Lmao finally u got to do it 😂
It's either the worst car ever or best car ever.
They should've put square wheels on it
Ugliest POS i have ever seen?  Look at that blotchy metal on the side.  So how do you repair this in a collision?  Terrible styling, it looks like it belongs on the moon. We could go on and on about this thing. Are people actually buying these things?
a pickup truck where poor access to the bed is "no big deal". huh.
Tesla should absolutely not sell a 2wd version of this. Teslas already end up in enough accidents as it is because people who buy them don't know how to drive RWD or even what RWD is. If you have those same buyers in a heavy 2wd truck, with the expectation it should have "all weather" or SUV-like performance, this thing is going to end up with a reputation as an unsafe vehicle
How do you add diff locks via the cloud lol
I like Tesla vehicles, but I wouldn't want this---it screams too much "douche-baggery"........It's just plain dumb looking.
This thing is an embarrassment of the automotive world
The "build quality' of these things is appalling.
From what I’ve heard and read, this car is kinda junk. But expensive junk.
LaFerrari Aperta
If Tesla made CyberTruck2 the size of a Maverick = 2 DR w/jump seats + 2WD = Smaller, Simpler, Cheaper for the international market... Elon would rule the world.
I love that there is a company that is insane enough to build something like this.   Even though I would never buy it.
Electric cars are dumb and not green.
Echo echo echo ...
Was waiting for this one… Being in LA, I see a few every week.   Couldn’t just watch the Cyber Truck review on the iPhone… Had to stream it to the 75” OLED! Let’s go!
They are side mirrors
Hard disagree on the cool factor.  Every time I see one I get the same feelings I got when I would see a Pontiac Aztek on the road back when they were new, a little bit of throw-up in my mouth.
The engineers clearly didn’t care about fingerprints 😂
6:41 matrix glitch
Love the glove door vs trying to slam shut regular glove boxes
Can we get a gas engine version for real Americans?  I will wait for Richard Rawlings to make a Hell crate swap Cybertruck.
Coil Triangle
Remember when Mono-wiper was when you caught mono but you don’t have a girlfriend.
Tesla offers fastest screens.  NASA has stated Tesla/space X know hardware and software.  Navigation works with charging stations seamlessly with need special app or credit card.  Competition charging stations apps/credit card use are nerve racking.
Tesla drivers need to STOP HITTING THEIR BRAKES, charge at home, I DGAF
This truck suits those who have a lack of attention in their lives! This is the ugliest thing that has four wheels ! There is nothing cool about it! I don't have 150 rapport, Ram, or Zl1 Chevy truck , but I would rather have a picture of a rapport that psychertruck !
eww
Don't forget that it also chops vegetables!
It’s remarkable engineering and also so ugly
You have to be a moron to pay $100K for a Raptor.
In the zombie apocalypse, they will only shoot you in the doors, not the glass or tires. And only use small arms fire. Looks like a dumpster from the rear
Wow, a 100k for a 3 hour drive at $150 per month in electric bill...i sold my wife's Tesla and got a 4runner, now i can drive for 6 hours! 😂😂😂😂😂
Lower truck to park 10 inches
What's next, Doug reviews a flying car? 👀
If Cruelty Squad dystopia was a car... This is literally brutalism, it makes no sense-
Doug DeMuro, voice crack king
Insane person 😂
This reviews will be highlight for years. Goo job. Expecting 1 billion people will see this
This was a bet or a dare to see if they could sell the most useless, ridiculous ,ugly piece of crap and see how may idiots would buy it . Its like the emperors new clothes , get a few people to say its amazing and watch all the week minded buy it
Rear seat lift for storage, so just like a London taxi from the 80’s.
I have trash bins looking prettier than this. Looks like it was designed by a 4 years old
The entire section while driving about the towing performance being moot and the annoyance from Raptor / RAM owners is hilariously accurate. Basically all truck owners have trucks... because they like trucks, not because they want to use the performance of one which is *totally* fine. We don't need to stat compare when you can buy something purely because you think it's cool! That's totally fine.
"Steer by wire doesn't sound very high tech" the system was literally invented for fighter jets.
I don't understand why pop up headlights are illegal, this vehicle is a shining example of being dangerous to pedestrians.
Gross. The red BMW 5 Series E34 in the video is "actually" cool.
This is gonna be Doug’s doug awards video of the year I can just tell already
If it has all black interior and a round steering wheel I’d probably get one
Can't wait till someone one LS swap this thing.....
Huh what a non binary car
The echo in the cave is soooooo baaaaaaaaaaaaad. Put some fiberglass/rockwool on the walls pleaase!
I bet getting parts for this truck is gonna be a nightmare.
all the talk about steer by wire, I remember my dad driving cars without power steering,  A half turn of the wheel compared to a dozen turns and jiggling the wheel just to drive straight.  amazing what technology and evolution has done to improve our laziness.
Those tires look expensive. Teslas go through tires like crazy.
"Acceleration is just fine... Frankly, we've all gotten used to electric cars doing 0-60 in two-point-whatever. It's really not special anymore..."    Uh... I'm not used to it :)
Once again,  solid review.
Car that we need when SHTF
Interestingly, this truck will not be available in most markets worldwide due to a lack of pedestrian safety.   United States, where you can sue for practically anything, the manufacturer can bring out this!.
I would not want to be the mechanic that has to put an inspection sticker on that windshield.
17:53 Hi Filippo! 👋
So when its snow on the back cover. it will just slide into the back trunk. Nice nice nice. I want one
I’m sure people buying these are not using these for pick up purposes(especially not daily)
This truck should be the next police car
Steering wheel is rather an octagon than a hexagon.
Should have a 1 for coolness, such a lame vehicle. Sadly soon we'll start seeing the news of innocent people dying cause of the front of this and the poor visibility, and even sadder, the sort of people who buy this often will just feel bad for themselves when it happens.
Awesome review, love it!
The fake shapes on the tire side walls to make it look "future" 😂😂😂
This is the first time I can see this beside a human. The more I see this the uglier it gets. Firstly (two years ago), I must say I was impressed... Now it seems plain old to me. Looking this thing from backwards is awful. Interior is not minimalistic is simply shabby. That screen looks dated and is not "giant" anymore.
If that screen malfunctions or breaks, the driver is screwed. There are no manual functions at all. I like the unique look, though.😮
It's not a cool car. It's a rusty, underperforming refrigerator on wheels...
Europe : the Cybertruck would not comply with the European Union's safety and protection standards for pedestrians and cyclists, requiring major modifications to its basic structure in order to be approved ☠
Doug finally reviews the Cybertruck; its fifteen minutes must be about up.
Doug regarding Adjustable suspension - "and boy does it get high!"  Yeah, and so does Elon Musk 😉  Lay off the ketamine Elon! Jfc.
NO PART IS THE BEST PART.  LESS CODES OF DATA IS BEST.  Possible no service in the future for EV’s.  How often does your iPad need a tune up.
Surprised you didn't mention the tires.. they look pretty quirky.
Bring back outdoor reviews. This is janky and sounds bad. I know I know it’s easier but please just stop.
Such an impractical work vehicle I can't think too many actual workers who would want one in the first place.  But if you are looking for a cool ride this is definitely it for sure and the one to own.
8:37 Nana nanana na nana na na nanana nana na naaaaaaaaa
never buy first gen
People who buy cybertrucks: 🤡
Doug are on something......it's so ugly
Climate vents are just dust collectors and difficult to clean, IMO.  I also think power seats are a waste as how often to you adjust your seats?  Or just offer driver side powered seats.  Waste of weight/energy carrying around all the power seat stuff.  Remember in the 60’s-70’s you ordered your car and everything was all a cart for options starting either different radios.  Japanese cars came fully optioned as easier production costs
I heard amber heard got one for free.
Its not "cool" Its something according to the stupididy of this days
After this review I'm even less impressed. there's too much plastic. Those body edges are a liability, i bet someone gets sued over it.
still ugly AF !!!!
How can you have a differential lock if you don't have a differential, Doug?
The hate is real, and i suspect it's more for the man and not the truck
Review the chair.
Hideous vehicle, bland inside also, oh dear Elon
The design reminds me of the cars in this Sega Genesis game called Hard Drivin’.
What about the audio system. I thought that was supposed to be really good.
This is the vehicle produced by a drug-addled reactionary who is slowly but surely losing his mind
08:00 I didn't know that the rear lights are like that. I'm surprised that this gone through American regulations , considering in some ways they are stricter than the European ones. It's certainly confusing for somebody that drives behind a Cybertruck. They could/should have done the normal lights in the corner , less brighter than the brake lights.
Brah this is the most stupid review ever.
I like the reviews outside better. These in the garage have a different vibe.
Environmentally harmful rust bucket
this is what it looks like when one designer is surrounded by a thousand vapid 'yes' men
New appreciation for the cybertruck. With all the bad press i thought it was terrible
Similar large windshield in my Model X
"There is nothing else like this on the planet" What about the Hammerhead Eagle i-Thrust?
I think you missed a few things.  No rear cup holders or rear arm rest in the middle.  And what was the little square on the inside of the tail gate??  Also, the poor body fitment, left front corner has gasket or foam sticking out???
This fake truck is absolute garbage.  Stop reviewing EV appliances and get back to vehicles people want.
Surely there’s a safety feature for the frunk, right? Did you try applying force upwards as it’s closing?
What a waste of money..
my inner monk is distracted from the safety belt
Pfft on the completely subjective "cool" you give it a 10? I give it a 3, which just moved it down several spots.
😂 that's just trash.....
First Doug watch in at least a year. Feels good to be back
thats one ugly truck
AMMO UNSUBSCRIBE YEH MON
Are they stainless steel wow
Anything that's bought to not to be used for it's intended purpose is not "cool" it's just stupid showoff. But thank you for supporting US economy.
not cooler than any other truck.
It's not cool, not even close. In fact, if you drive one people will laugh at you. This is the DeLorean in truck form, and will never ever ever be cool.
Great video, OQ Detailing also has a video on effective ways to clean the Cybertruck and also how to correctly ceramic coat the Cybertruck which makes it less prone to fingerprints, I recommend any buyer to go watch it!
Absolutely would not feel "upstaged" if I had a TRX.
It's a pick-up truck for the modern-day nerd who isn't mining coal they are mining crypto.
European driver license (usually) allows driving total weight of driven composite up to 3.5 tonnes (3500kg). This is stupid considering the ever increasing weight of cars, especially electric cars. If the CT weighs over 3100kg, technically, in Europe, you could barely attach a small trailer for sandbags. Lol.
Doug would be In some gta garage
Respectfully, it seems like a deathtrap 😅
I hope Elon sues you broke for libel.  “It will cut off your arm.”
Reminds me of the commercials introducing the Triumph TR7 as "The shape of things to come."  We all saw how that worked out.
He was PAID to say all this 👎
😄 a preposterous monstrosity
Yuck on steroids. 🤢
Doug the type of guy who manages to cut himself on car bumpers
In other English speaking countries such as Australia where we call a trunk a boot, is the frunk called a foot?
How can that car pass safety standards with those sharp edges? Well put Doug. An insane person😂😂
We're back
I swear, nobody will buy this truck for commercial use. And this car made the Fiat Multipla a princess.
Thanks for the post Doug.
Thanks for the post Doug.
I have seen quite many reviews of the Cybertruck, and it is of course a one of kind vehicle.  But all the other reviews are boring.    Thank you for a great video.
Wow. So hype.
Is it fun, to fight oxidation like your car was a restaurant kitchen?
There's a thin line between "cool" and "absurd" my man.
Nobody has or will EVER see this vehicle in the high Sierras. Impractical as a bicycle in snow or for hauling firewood.
OMG...the mother of all Easter Eggs, just in time for Easter! double tap on the windows in infotainment screen...me: rolls down all the windows at once? Doug: Breaks Glass.  Tesla missed opportunity to use venetian blinds style slider sun visors which would work better than these(and be a nod to the bed cover)  those tail lights/brake lights situation should be illegal, and the hard sharp corners (didn't they ban those after the chrome tailfin car era due to deadly bicycle accidents on parked cars?). the A pillar blind spot situation I can relate to, cuz I own a 2000 VW Beetle...  I really wanna see if Alanis can fit into the Frunk! and can she get out? is there no mandated emergency release?  this truck may be cool, or terrible, or both...but it should be illegal for sale in the U.S. and only available in oh...i dunno...Mexico?
Towing is a bit of a red herring anyway. Some need it, but most don't. Having an open truck bed is just so convenient
EVs suck. nobody wants these disposable cell phones on wheels
So my 25% window tint is illegal but this killing machine is just fine to drive around?
IMO the truck looks horrible, the inside minimalism is taking it too far, it also looks to have some practical use issues (if not just a suburban people mover).  Kind of worried about where car design is going Hyundai also has a model with a futuristic odd dimension style and that doesn’t look great either.
Does this thing need an explosive charge to blow the windows out in case of emergency like aircraft and helicopters have?
This is the brutalist architecture of cars
How do those steel panels handle dog urin?
I would grap the fenders black and put handles and a ice dispenser on the doors.
Cheap interior. Noisy ride. Over rated by a lot.
When you have more money than sense.
The brake lights are confusing when you're the one behind it. I forsee a lot of rear-end collisions. You can't see through the cab at all, especially if you aren't also in a truck or suv. Controversial, but imo brake lights should light up when you brake. Some things aren't broken.
A Lamborghini has a long area before the windshield inside
ooo
I have been waiting to watch any reviews of this truck so I would learn stuff the Doug way
All the hate in the comments.  But in real life, gets lots of love.  You guys are just sad.
Dislike because of doing a video about why he has not reviewed the Cybertruck and then review it...
Doug the kinda guy to have a conference room table and whiteboard in his garage
Thought Doug was gonna wet himself😂
Check mines out
Now, I´ll really knows Cybertruck. Thanks Doug!
This car is literally the:"go play with the neighbours kid,meanwhile the kid...." meme
12:29 holy panel gaps
Insane?  You mean innovative, right!  Pod this cast Dougee.
Doug Demuro is a shameless liar and a sell out  😮
Doug just say Cyberdog
Surprised mkbhd didn’t comment something
This is why lottery winners are broke,,,
Rear cup holders? Forgot the middle rear console.😮
THIS!!!! is Doug now on a long long list of Youtubers and Car jouros who are now simply apart of the marketing campaign of new vehicle launches, instead of giving actually objective reviews.   Well done Doug, sold out like everyone else..
Watch it rust before your eyes.
It's fugly!
Si, fridges float too
Still cant believe all those sharp edges are legal for safety.
Remember the option of power steering and brakes in the 60’s
No way that stainless steel looks good after a couple years
The cybertruck review I've been waiting for
My friends and I …
Doug, as much as I love you, your channel and your general taste in cars... this abomination is absolutely NOT cool.
We have had fly by wire for decades, no mechanical linkage.  Steer by wire removes the heavy steering rack.  Will be easier to move wheel for other countries where steering wheel located other side.  Someday in the able to remove steering wheel or move side to side
Imo, they should've put the sunvisors in the roof line. With such a big windshield like that, I want to take full advantage of the windshield at all times. And it could work too, both the midsection and A/B pillars have straight edges on there sides, so just put the sliders in there. Would definitely be a statement to regarding how the rest of the truck is a statement too. You want 90% coverage? Got it, 50%? Got it. Absolutely NOTHING? Got it.  Another thing too, take the gear shift buttons and put them on the bottom of the screen on a physical tab or something to clear up the windshield for even more real estate and just put the mirror on a slide on mount.  I am upset.
My European mind cannot comprehend this
Ralph Nader would be foaming at the mouth at those angles
Was curious appreciate Doug doing his thing   but i think id rather own a 1980s Toyota 4WD truck  ... Guess i sound Old  huh ?
this "truc" oh i cant say that this thing! should not be allowed on the road. i like tesla im cool with elon doin his thang. but damn this thing will get alot of people in trouble and hurt or kill alot of people throughout its lifespan. i like being new and creative. but there is a fine line that shouldnt be crossed. NHTSA shouldve never approved this!
19:29 It's not just minimalism, vents settings such as orientations and flow controls are saved on your profile together with your seat settings. My wife likes the vent in the face, I like it on the side, it sets it automatically depending on who drives based on the phone's Bluetooth. Moreover it's synced to the cloud and when I enter another Tesla I get my vents settings there too. It's actually more sophisticated than any other car.
It's like old H2 went it came out, sorry I take F-150 Raptor for the money.
What a very expensive piece of 💩. Who in their right mind would waste thousands on this rubbish.
Cybertruck is awesome.  I will be one of those ppl who loose their mind when they see one.
The Cybertruck is not cool, it is ugly and I think that was done on purpose. Ugly and unique sells.  In 20 years people will look back at this design and sigh.
Looks like a freshman design project that earned a D.
How to say you are gullible , mindless cult member with more money than sense without actually saying it .😂
hmm more dislikes than usual, wonder why that could be!
gosh, that thing is horrible... truly horrible
it looks hedious
Hi Guys, love the video, really cool stuff. little side note, as a gadget man you should probably learn how to use your microphone. not sure what went wrong but your camera was catching most of the sound.
The Cybertruck looks perfect in Doug’s batcave 😂
What a tool
Samiya Mobile Phone Restore 📱📱👈👈👈
Cybertruck era
WOW 😮😮😮😮❤❤❤❤👍👍👍👍
My mother lives in the city and saw one irl before I did, and thought it was a car someone built on their own… cause of all the angles and the unpainted stainless steel one of her friends had to explain to her what she was looking at🤣
It looks like it was designed in 1982 using a ZX spectrum
Cool and useless xD
Are these limited?  Just saw one for 250k…
Dougs a democrat.
I just don't trust Doug anymore.
It's not cool. It's a backwards DeLorean and is as ugly as the AZTECH. They had a chance to do something great but NOPE!
If "insane" gives me Elon Musk power sign me up!
No it ain't lol
Although it's a great truck, it's not what they promised back in 2019. A tailgate ramp would've been nice.
A stupid car, a stupid idea, a stupid creation
How is that street legal? Nobody will survive getting hit with those corners in the front.
Good review/report, thanks. Please try using a directional body microphone pointed straight up under your chin to minimize the bad inside reflected sound acoustics.
Rivian and Tesla as well as Lucid air and even HYUNDAI/KIA EV’s so far ahead both thinking and tech of legacy auto.  Are they asleep at the wheel?  Biden added tax incentives for hybrids to allow Big 3 to catch up.  But Big 3 don’t really have hybrids like MB, Hyundia/kia/Toyota etc?
Damn Doug!! How much did they pay you for this ad? No one wants this pile of trash but rich idiots who have no clue about cars or trucks. SMH Absolute trash. Doug just lost 20 points.
Some other quirks, a magnet will stick to the special skin. There is a 48 volt wire hidden where a light bar would go on the roof and behind the frunk tub and both can be turned on and off in the user interface. There is also a hidden nozzle for the air tank in case it's depleted when it's in for service and the suspension needs to be adjusted. It also has a small 48 volt battery for the low voltage system but it can be "jumped" from just 12 volts and those contacts are behind the frunk internal trim.
Little late there bud, for the review.
It’s a great looking e34 in front of the cybertruck on that parking lot.
Absolute shitbox😊
Nice modern wheelie bin.
Great to see a letter opener is finally getting reviewed
This has the highest ground clearance of any stock vehicle. 17.44 inches!! Even a Mercedes G 4x4 squared has less than that.
10:38 White not make the under trunk box able to hold a spare tire?  Same problem with ALL the others Tesla Models, BTW.
Logan is screwed for letting you review his truck 😂
That Red BMW was very distracting😂😂
LED’s so much brighter than halogen.  One way to make smaller headlights and taillights.  Smaller, cheaper, and lighter parts.  Many parts separate or not part of other parts so easier to repair.
Ugliest thing I've ever seen. Wouldn't give you $5 for it.
I dont thinks hes a car guy
Yes yes I seen one in person way bigger than expected 😮 this definitely top review ever!!!
This truck should not be legal.
This thing is good off road out of the box, seen the Baja content and it makes me very happy to know it’s actually is a very well rounded truck . Bravo Elon for making this amazing piece of engineering.
If your contractor rolled up in this he getting job ?
You know what I wonder about since this thing started rusting: did the Delorean rust, too? I've only seen them in restored condition.
The Cybertruck side graphic outline looks a lot like a paper clip.
Looks like a concept car you’d see at an World’s Fair.
World’s richest man is insane. OK.
How do you put the car into Neutral?
Quirks and features shirt needs a triangle option
That red E34 is more interesting.
So much to go wrong when the car starts to age.
Quirk missed: front windows down when door open leaves a bit of glass up like other Tesla's, but this is in the shape of a mini Cybertruck
The least weird thing about the Cybertruck is the way it looks. Everything under that skin is decades ahead of all other vehicles made today.
the ridgeline is a worse subaru baja, the santa cruz is a worse ridgeline, and the cybertruck is a worse santa cruz
The rear license plate was also curved :D
C8 more hyped
This truck is horrible and hideous
My take: The STUPIDEST veh I have ever seen.
How is the Cybertruck more cooler than a Raptor?  I think you mean more controversial.
This Dougscore means the Cyberbeast would have the highest score ever,  with a 10 for acceleration!
Moved that standard of other trucks by a mile.  Big 3 only knows RETRO.  Tesla continues to step out of the box on all its vehicles!
Out of all his reviews this one feels the most like he was paid. He had to invent good things about the truck and sidestep all of its glaring issues. The biggest one being the diff-lock bit. Why did Tesla not just drop the truck with diff-lock already installed? If it can be done with software it means the truck has the mechanical ability to do it, but Tesla held it back for no good reason. Also the interior isn't "minimalist" they just forgot about it. the front has NOTHING except for ONE sole screen mounted dead center of the dash so the driver will have to turn their head to look at basic things like the speedometer. There's nothing behind the steering wheel, so you have to look away. Paired with blind spots so gaping you need cameras to simply look behind you and A pillars so gargantuan you can't see a person behind them when they're 10 feet away.   To give credit to Doug he hit the nail on the head when he said this is just a lifestyle accessory for the rich. In my opinion its nothing more than that. He's right it's not a good truck, it can't tow any significant distance, the bed is the same size as a micro truck's but even more useless since its so far off the ground with a tailgate taller than Doug is wide. Paired with completely proprietary tires that almost certainly cost a fortune. It's not a good truck it's not even a good car, let's call a spade a spade and just say it is one of the worst vehicles ever produced in America and certainty the worst to come out of Tesla.
yayyy he finally reviewing it
Those wheels without the ugly caps look soooooo much better!
17:07 door seal already falling apart lol
Elon must hate curves
can’t wait to see what this car can do on a live leak vid
Garbage truck with sharp edges and very rusty.
How did this thing pass crash test safety? 😂
Doug is such a goober.
Ugh... such an ugly Aliexpress inspired appliance.
Anyone who hates on it is jealous they can’t get one
The thing with a mirror instead of a screen. The mirror is working well for us with the eyesight worthy of a middleaged man. The screen… not so much.  Ofcourse my eyes will re-adjust and I will need to change the positioning of my head so that the progressive section of my glasses will help me focus on the screen instead of a mirror. But I will never be able to glance in the rearview camera in the same way as the oldschool mirror.
I am going to seriously disagree with you Doug on the cool factor points which basically put this truck at the top.  This think took styling from an Aztec and it will age poorly, this thing is polarizing my hideous even without their CEO so I don’t think the scoring is reflecting the fact that more than half the market wants to see it catch fire.
As a European not seeing Cybertruck in person I couldn't wait for this, as at this point "1 Doug" is for me like "banana for scale" but for cars
Thank you for not saying “Squircle”
Looks stupid.  I don't care about the performance.
Washing machines don't take 220 volts, which is what that plug was
it's the ugliest flagship vehicle in the history of mankind and l am frankly disgusted at the people who lose their fn heads about it just for the sake of being part of the trendy snobs who "like" something, -anything-, just for the sake of it being different. Nowadays you can box a pile of dogcrap in a silver box with a blue led light and sell it like hot bread
Probably the shittest car/truck I’ve ever seen!!!
hexagon lol
Glad the VCs let you do the video! 🎉
THERE ARE NO CURVES ON THIS TRUCK! Me directly looking at a curved front bumper / body panel.
Man i wish i could get a gas powered Cybertruck!!!
Smaller battery and less weight helps braking, acceleration, handling, faster charging, and range.  Cybertruck 123 kwh battery vs Hummer EV 240 kwh battery.  Smaller battery is cheaper to make
Is it more reliable than a rivian r1t? Jerryrigeverything had a lot of issues with the r1t, like water in the door.
This is not a car. Its just a bunch of triangles powered by electric motors. There is no design.
I wanna know what tire shine they used
All those options and functions in the center console make me extremely excited
Does any one foresee a future where country kids I grew up around and still live around who love their trucks actually driving one of these or something like it?
I knew you were going to love it as much as I do.  Elon, you are truly a Genius.
Me as a European: this is the most typical American car ever. Too oversized, too showy, too useless.
Doug is learning that 1 million views on YT, doesn't make you bank.  You also have to hustle.
You need a 48 v system vs 12 v to power the powerful motor for windshield wiper as well as motors controlling steering by wire.  48 v and 800v high volt system keeps weight down with less copper.
I can’t tell you how flipping ugly that is.  It can’t even do truck stuff. I really do support Elon but this is just a mess.  The whole EV market is collapsing and you’re going to pay $100,000 for this?
It will be interesting to see how it’s perceived in the future. When the VW beetle and PT cruiser came out 25 years ago… they turned a lot of heads too.
Hyundai had the right idea with their Ioniqs it has the 80s aesthetic but updated. Cybertruck is just Elon being an idiot and forcing everyone to go by his vision cause he has the money
34:22 for Doug spit
Absolutely ugly,..
At 5:57, if you are going to have 7 points on the tire design and 7 spokes on the wheel, you'd better either line them up or split the difference, none of this off just a little bit business
Why do the door windows have nasty mechanical buttons (liable to break, maximalist) should just have sliders on the center screen
Wow 200k views in 5hrs
Celebrity car!  Lamborghini of trucks, IN YOUR FACE.  Chiseled lines like a Lamborghini.  Revolutionary with 48 v, steer by wire, 4680 dry cell tabless batteries MADE IN USA, no Canbus but Ethernet communication, SOTA and FOTA OTA updates, battery with seats/console attached on top  as one piece installed from under car, and lists go on.  Tesla so many checked boxes with their first generations vehicles.  Maybe we will have flying teslas by the time a 4th or 6th generation version.  Most competitors buying expensive battery packs thru 3rd party in China and Korea.  (Chinese CATL worlds largest battery manufacturer) CATL is in the lead especially with lithium IRON BATTERIES(LFP) LFP love 100% and 0% charge, more cycles than lithium ion batteries, super rare fires, no cobalt/nickel, cheaper, and could be 1 million mile batteries.  USA forgot to build battery factories and charging stations.  Teslas msrp pays for charging station.  Competition uses taxpayer or private to fund charging stations.  Musk wants to be the largest battery manufacturer in the USA as Tesla is a car and energy company.  Already licensed VR power utility company in Texas.  Battery storage on the grid the holy grail supply/demand.  Microgrids vs macrogrids. Many tesla charging stations supplemented with solar/battery storage to keep prices lower than competitors.  Tesla always thinking of the future, not quarterly reports.
About as sexy as a Pontiac Aztek.
I would like to drive this thing, but with unorthodox controls, I’m crashing for sure
This is just plain pathetic.
The A pillar reminds me of the Aerostar minivan.
I feel like this first edition is not very well done I’ve seen quite a few videos and a lot of them have broken parts like the rubber on the doors it’s not properly installed
I've already seen several of these broken down on the i5 freeway in Los Angeles.
Who wears short shorts....Doug wears short shorts lol
I hate EVs but I would totally get one of these. When the lease is up on my Taco I might take a look at one.
If the truck automatically shifts into park when you open the door are you still able to shift into reverse with the door open?
Shoulda called it "The low res truck"
So are we gonna elaborate on the sharp corners and less lighting when braking when it comes to crash safety, etc? Sure, it looks new and cool but lets not forget that there are other people on the road, people on bikes, scooters, etc.
Imagine needing a software update for a diff lock
Looks like the car from the original Total Recall
e34
I understand  the styling score, but what's wrong with the handling, comfort, and quality? I didn’t hear much to emphasize why the lower score was.
It’s straight out of a 70’s B movie, it should have been left there.
finally.... after 100 years of wait
40min video about a pickup truck...bruh.
i rly rly think its nothing special
To be fair. The price of all cars, especially trucks, has gone up significantly since that announcement
washing machines are not 220v... 110v. you can run a dryer or welder or charge another car..
I like physical buttons.
Ev cars will be the return of hub caps 😂
Horrible looking piece of metal
Doug, PLEASE learn the meaning of “automatically.” You’ve got it all wrong.
How is the pedestrerian safety? Yeah.
Musk proved the Simpsons wrong. It's possible for an automaker to build a token wacky passion project and not tanking the company in the process.  Homer's brother's lied, his company was already tanking and he used the poor reception received by a prototype he put together despite his own brother's warnings as an excuse for his own poor management.
My first impression was this look like something built on Minecraft. I still stand by what I said.
I'm curious about the tests on pedestrian collisions.  Those angles look like they would increase the lethality of a hit.
"Pedestrian issue" is now my favorite car-related euphemism.
its a pile of junk. wont sell anywhere but in america. its just too stupid looking
What happens if the screen fails during a K turn and can't reverse or drive
Could I get it with an IC engine?
This is just plain*
watch all the car manufacturers start copying cybertruck design - remember when Apple decided to release airpods? 99% of the population laughed and now everyone has some type of airpod or earbuds lol
Dear Doug I really love your videos and I'll continue to love them , I know that is Doug's score not mine  , but you can't  please everyone with your reviews. You just can't give  a fun factor 9 to an overweight  EV truck with steering by wire by just driving in the city streets. Don't confuse fun with first impression, your scoring is just not consistent with other videos you make. I really don't have any problem with EV's just to be clear.
I love u Doug, but I’m not comparing the CYBERTRUCK to a FRICKING c8. Hell no
the cybertruck logo on the door sill its written in weld, neat
Digital gear is quite dangerous. If you are in an emergency situation where you need to do reverse and forward really quick, good luck. It needs to be banned
Ugliest thing in ages
That car is quite literally every child's first attempt at drawing a car
What is a t-nneau cover??
little late to the party huh Dougster?
love it, hope to get one, reminds me of an pentagon shaped ipad  on wheels
BEST wheels I've EVER seen on a dumpster
yeaa.. no👎
So much HO can turn off
Nah, too woke!
I still think this 'truck' is Elon proving that influencers and marketing can convince some people that ANYTHING is 'cool'. There is NOTHING 'cool' about this thing. It's is a laughably horrible design. It is so bad, that it almost had to be intentional. It is the Pet Rock of the automotive world. Sure, it's capable, and fast ... just like every other EV.
Not gonna lie, he hit the nail on the head with the overall point of this truck - it's not supposed to be useful. This is a lifestyle thing. It ain't cheap. You see people with Rubicon Jeeps, Ford Raptors, etc., and they've never taken them off-road. They probably never will, yet they forked up the money to Dodge and Ford for those ridiculously expensive models simply to "look cool." I'd wager they look heinously douchey, but that's just my take. Tesla serves a, generally, narcissistic community. Never in my life have I seen a brand of vehicles inspire, damn near, all of their owners to get custom, ridiculously cheesy license plates. I'd wager every other Tesla has some stupid license plate in reference to electricity.   TLDR: This truck is not serving people who want a truck. It's serving those who want to d#@! measure.
Well… The lights are crap  The windows could cut your arm in half … And it has no proper rearview mirror/camera option … No spare tire…  So it’s great in California… in Summer 😂😂😂  Wrapped they look actually quite nice 👍  Maybe somebody would modify the car somehow to make the truck more useable 😮
When are you going to review the Purosangue?
Wrong about the frunk. It doesn’t close on you….
How did this pass regulations? and it looks horrible
Would a car with no rear view mirror pass a state safety inspection???
I feel like the cybertruck is the equivalent of modern art and design. I have never liked it because it feels lazy and cheap. The curves or a porsche or the architecture of europe feel much different, with multiple small details all around. It feels like more effort was put into design
Wait so Elon is insane!?! And all this time I thought he was just crazy
This car is ugly AF.
So this cool, but the grenadier is just “okay”? Absolutely bassackwards
The owner bought this just to flip it... but still took off the rear view mirror and did other small mods?  Was the rear view mirror REALLY that big a deal for your drive home from the dealership and to park it?!
I appreciate your enthusiasm. I just... Elon is such a horrible bigot, this thing is so big, ugly, and inefficient... and the quality is so bad... and it is bad for everyone else on the road and even pedestrians. Just don't buy this monstrosity.
I watch a lot of cybertruck videos and haven't heard a single mention of premature wearing of the stainless.
Thank you Mr. President
Is is street legal in Europe??  If yes - how??
Yeah, the 240V outlet is for the top use case of a washing machine, not for charging other EVs or PowerShare with your home.
Just so you know. Doug is a multi millionaire.
If Doug thinks it's cool, it's cool 😎
Nobody that buys one of these is looking at an F-150. This is a novelty item which I would assume there are a lot less buyers for the cyber truck.
Speak for yourself Doug, I'm still at the point where a 5 second 0-60mph is fast. And I suspect most people are too
A bizarro dog, for a bizarro product.
Thisss, is Carsss & Bidsss!
it is cool. And that is all about it
I can’t take my eyes off what appears to be an E34 M5 in the background, but yeah the CT is cool
It's amazing how angry all these people are about a car they could never afford or would never need or consider buying. "I was going to trade my prius in for a cyber truck but it's trash" LOL angry little people.
Finally
The cyber truck isn’t that cool, at least not to me, I don’t find it attractive or as practical as a gas powered truck. I think they ugly. The mile range are not that great.
Why do I keep seeing DeLorean?
Once again, Doug is very, very wrong about the acceleration. Going 0-60 under 4 seconds in a 3 1/2 ton truck is a HUGE benefit. HUGE. It is not normal, it is not something to be dismissed so casually.
How often are you doing hand turn over turn?  Jesus, Doug is doing U-turns all day smh
The amount of things that are broken and wrong about this car that Doug would normally complain non stop about, but doesn’t because this is a Tesla is truly outstanding.
Just noticed inhis DougScore the Hummer EV has a "9" practicality score?! Need to rewatch that one, it's thought of as so impractical compared to other EV trucks..
It's by far one of the ugliest cars i have ever seen and i can only thank the EU safety regulations that will prevent it from showing up here. Naturally,  beauty is in the eye of the beholder.   It makes my eyes hurt though.
The biggest quirk is the fact that none of the body panels line up and sometimes the door hinges are mixed up. Literally every closeup you can see massive distances between continued lines and panel gaps.
CyberJunk. It already has a dent on the hood you can see at the beginning of video.
I was half expecting Han Solo to come out of this spaceship!
A little late to the review there Doug
Doug is the type of guy that reviews a Cyber truck with a camera that won’t autofocus because he know no one cares about what the truck looks like
I am a Tesla lover, on my second one, but the Cybertruck is just not my jam. It's fine for others. I appreciate it, but it screams "Hey, look at me" and that is also the reason I avoided the falcon-doored Model X.  I may get a Rivian R1T in 2025. That's more my speed.
I noticed, that since Doug is filming in the basement, I started to lose interess in watching the videos, I just can't make it through the whole video. It looks boring, "cold", echowish, just unplesant to watch. I miss these videos outside in a sunny day on the parking lot :((((
Doug the tolerable limit for plugs before you jump into the video is ONE. Choose to plug either C&B or Car Pods, not both bro...
u don't see the wiper .....r u joking ......it's there because there is no gap between the hood and the windshield
Quality is 6 ? its bullet proof what more you want in a daily?
Door panels look like crap
The frunk will NOT cut your arm off lol. But yeah, it’ll close on a T-shirt, Jesus Doug 🙄
This whole thing just pisses me off.
how much u charge for a good review?
My question is why are pop-up headlights banned but this can exist?
as an European guy I never seen that truck but from the video honestly looks like a bin with wheels
Who would have thought the Hummer EV or Ford Raptor looked mundane compared to this. It got lucky with its styling score!
Doig is Super excited about Cybertruck. This was long pending review
Careful Doug. Your democrat overlords want you to hate Elon and anything he touches.
34:50 steer by wire is only helpful on the road. if anyone wants to take the cybertruck off road, that steer by wire is gonna be incredible annoying when you need to make micro adjustments when going very slow, especially if rocks are involved.
11:53 Every modern pickup truck has bed lights there dougie…you should know that having reviewed a million of them. Cmon dude…
There will be laws made in the future in regard to pedestrian safety because of this truck.
That things rusted already
Hey Doug, if you put the truck in off road mode it'll let you put the air suspension even higher
I love young  Quentin Tarantino reviewing cars
A hard pass
The S Plaid is in the wrong spot!!
Damn already discolored lmao and this is a review unit
Does this car have a crumple zone?
It looks just as silly, goofy, and idiotic as its creator 😂
Doug really fitting into the "I own a Carrera GT and Countach" lifestyle.... Washing machines use a regular outlet, dryers use the 240v plug
Doesn't exactly look like it complies to the mandatory requirements regarding the protection of pedestrians and vulnerable road users.
……..Of course the Flyover State “Honey boo-boo, Bubba”  guys driving lifted pickups hate the Cybertruck!!  😂🤔🤷🏼‍♂️
Doug the kind of guy to not know that washing machines use standard plugs - not 240V NEMA 14-50.
I saw one when traveling interstate. It's not as striking in person. Tbh, it's downright hideous looking imho
They made a fridge into a "truck"                   Who looked at the 1st gen Ridgeline and said....  We need more angles.
The square design reminds me of Volvo 740!
How is it exterior different than the DeLorean?
Most hyped? Most anticipated? Starting in the US, just cross the sea in any direction you like and you'll notice how few people outside the US actually care.
I think we’re so used to concept cars looking better than the production versions… but this was the opposite.  The fact the company is run by a supervillain, is another reason to avoid Tesla.
Most people buy a truck because they plan to haul stuff. Sometimes a lot of stuff in one shot. Well, it turns out when under load, the Tesla Truck range is cut significantly. You have to really plan things out, or you might find yourself stranded, or have to leave items behind in order to make it to your destination so you can recharge for a while to then retrieve the rest of the load. How does this make any sense?
The worst thing about the Cybertruck has been it's fans
ugly, not cool...
Finally. However there is one Q feature D didn't spot but came so close.  The door window when down 90% sticks up revealing the profile of the truck perfectly in glass. Tbh, this vehicle is absolutely gorgeous, the design is a masterpiece. Is this Franz's chef d'oeuvre? He is a genius.😊
The first car which passengers are their own crumple zones!
Da best ❤❤
I'm so sorry but sincerely I'm just only can say: This thing is HORRIBLE!!!
BODY PANEL GAP SPOTTED!
There's no safety mechanism on the hood motor. So when it closes... if you have a finger or two that happen to be in the way? They get chopped off. A guy demonstrated this with carrots. Sheared right off.
this car is useless after an emp blast
You have wierd laws in USA. How about if some cyclist hits the rear corners? Or front? How did it in crash tests? Thats not the most important thing in autoindustry of the decade. Thats just a joke from Elon Musk to see how stupid people are. 😂
Can’t wait to see the custom version of it.
No more dungeon reviews? Count me in  Edit: nvm
The intro was so true
The best part is how you have to baby it to keep it from rusting or staining, it's fragile, like elon's ego.
this only has a the number 1 spot on the doug score because of the cool factor. But he rated the hummer as a 6, which is so wrong. It's at least a 7 itself.
don't forget to mention that the battery will be dead in 10 years and that you the consumer are on the hook to pay for a replacement, at a cost of 15 to $20,000. Shout out to Rich Rebuilds for giving me that particular "heads-up"...
Doug is the type to listen to his viewers because he’s the best in the game. I respect this video so much
Doug 2 years ago: “This is the ugliest thing I’ve ever seen with 4 wheels. Including zambonis.” Also Doug: 5 out of 10 for styling
Saw it in person. Hits totally different, and I love it.
Tesla doesn’t get a pass if it’s a TRUCK that can’t do TRUCK stuff… being cool doesn’t make it a great vehicle.
Doug is the type of guy to plug a *washing machine* in to a 240v receptacle.
The ugliest, worst vehicle on the entire road. Throw it in the trash
Why do you have to lie about cutting hands off?
Nobody ever cares cyber truck hype is over stop this fake propaganda nonsense tesla 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
"That turn like a circle". I wasn't aware that circles turned.
How much do those tires cost? They look proprietary. Because last I checked, trucks wear out tires pretty fast...
The Goodyear tires are custom made?.
Anyone else remember when the (then) new 1988 Honda Prelude had 4WS (four wheel steering) ??   …….love the Cybertruck!!  🥂👍
"That's the ugliest truck ever made" Meanwhile, not a single soul is running and falling all over themselves trying to take a picture of their F150s, Rams, or Silverados.
Idc cyber truck is wicked
BroAh has zero clue what an octagon is!!!!
I guess Tesla took note of Toyota new steering wheel design.😂
Im glad I didnt watch any other Cyber reviews, im only 14 minutes in and this is already a classic! Elon, you should be LUCKY Doug is reviewing your ish!
This is the ugliest truck on the planet. You have to have ridden in the short bus to school if you don’t agree. This truck reminds me of the people who bought the Pontiac Aztec and thought it was cool. 😂
Yessss finally!!!
Look at front driver fender at 5:43 , in front , looks like it detaches already from front end , quality at its finest 😅
"Steering by wire sounds very mechanical" - moron DeMuro.
Will it fly
The coolest part of this car is how little attention they paid to the safety of everyone else on the road. Truly visionary
They need to crush this thing and redesign it from the start.  The only motor vehicle that still looks like a prototype, not something that should actually be on the road.
Could you possibly review the 2024/2025 Chevy Trax? It'd be quite cool.
Oh boy let me get the popcorn. Going to be nothing but Tesla hate in the comments 😂 let’s see if yall can be original this time
Tesla Cybertruck. The vehicle that internet tough guys love to hate but engineers just love.
There is nothing cool about any electric "vehicle" aka crappy kitchen appliances
Makes the Aztec cool
This car is cool? No. It's tsupid designed and stupid engineered. But I understand - You gotta ride the hype.
Cool? Not really. I'm waiting for Whistlindiesel to perform a durability test on one. These are just overpriced toys for superficial people.
you say a lot of but lately
Do the doors freeze shut in Canada
As a European cyclist you can keep it in America thanks
Loved your review till you called Elon insane. Unsubscribe.
I think the truck is cool, now these days trucks are not even seen as working vehicles, so for the people complaining about the practicality of the truck bed, people who buy this are not hauling lumber or tools to their worksite.   As for the body panel gaps, Telsa is well known for first production run to have that issue. If you look at more recently built Tesla's the panel gaps are on par with other vehicles in the same price range.
Back in the 1980's Johnny Carson loved his DeLorean car.. until one day on his way to work  the car broke down & the battery was flat. No big deal right? Well unfortunately for Johnny Carson the door locks were electric, he was stuck in the car for a good couple hours! No mobile phones back then, he had to wait for people to realise he was missing & get the word out. These days when car makers do electric door lock.. they have a manual back up for when things go wrong & you don't get stuck in your car..  Well.. Now we have Drive by Wire steering... with NO physical back up! Think about that for a moment.. be it the (over the air) software updates, part failing over time or more extreme weather (which can make electronics go a bit hay wire) In the pursuit to being futuristic.. they never stopped and thought, maybe we shouldn't?  ...or at least add a proper mechanical steering like every other car has had for the past 100 years.. 'cause it works, out of all the accidents that do happen in cars, it's rarely a steering failure.  But I think I know why they did this, or at least one of the reasons.. When it does fail or have an issue.. where else are you going to go to get it repaired but Tesla $$
so ugly
It sits so low in the beginning of the video
Europe will never allow these sharp steel edges on the outside, wait until American pedestrians get cut open by it
The truck world has really divided into 2,  lifestyle trucks like the raptor, Tex, and cyber truck. And the workers trucks like the f250, 2500’s etc there is no longer a small work truck
Doug the type of guy to say he hasn't reviewed the Cybertruck then released the review of the Cybertruck.
They should make one with a v8.
Doug the type of guy to record the cars and bids ad from the bathroom
been waiting for this 🙏
The what cover?!?
Talk about headroom one more time Doug DeDwarfo
"TE NO cover" 😆
22:12 almost spilled my coffee
No it's a HUGE POS.
Cars in 2035, You will find the steering wheel in the screen, You will find the pedals in the screen,
Doug the type to take out a girl on a date and then after give her a Doug Score
Doug - there was a missed opportunity to baby proof this truck.
elon so insane he can make a truck with no logos, put it out and anyone who watches youtube and TV will know who made it, my guy won the game
Doug the type of guy to review a car a week after making a video explaining why he hasn’t reviewed it yet
its interesting the amount of hate it gets is funny in its own way why do yall care so much lmao just dont buy it its that simple
Absolutely not, the wheel covers look like cheap hubcaps, these look like rims.
Can’t believe you let Throttle House beat you to this. They were able to do a full road trip filmed like a documentary and Doug is just here in his shorts
When dog Hsit meets stained steel. ...
Anybody can buy and drive whatever the hell they want. You like this "Truck" fine whatever, but please don't tell me it's beautiful because this is the ugliest thing I have ever seen!
If making you look like an imbecil is cool. Then YES! the cybertruck is super cool.
No, no actually, we CANNOT see the turn signals. Nicely done morons.
Thank got someone is saying the truth that it's primarily a novelty fun thing and nobody cares about towing. If someone cares about that, you get diesel or whatever.
This is the only EV I would ever consider buying. But I'm gonna maintain my NA V8 6MT ICE car forever
What if a toddler presses the close button of the front trunk lol the toddler will be killed SMH
Looks like your camera's auto-focus was freaking out in the parking garage.
Doug becoming a pyramid expert 😂 👏
Doug, The problem is that you waited too long, and now everybody is all cyber trucked out, which means you will get fewer views for your cars and bids commercial, which basically backfired. If you were to have just done it as soon as possible when the truck first came out when it was being highly talked about then you could have threw in your cars and bids bid and it would have gotten way more traction but I see the video is about 4 hours long and you haven't cleared 150 K views yet. I guess that's okay, but you would have gotten so much more if people weren't so cyber trucked out..  I'm still going to watch it, though, because Doug is the quirks and features Guru, and he has a savvy way of explaining things
one of these turned left in front of me last week, in person it is buttugle.
A car that genuinely has unique “quirks and features”
If you decided to design a car, but had never actually seen one before.  Why solve problems by learning from others mistakes when you can just start from scratch and throw unlimited money at the problem?  Also I'd argue that it's not hard to upstage american trucks.  They are poorly designed simply for people's egos.  This is the one thing tesla copied.  Why design something to be useful when it sells better to feel egos?
So I have to use my left thumb to activate my Right turn signal? Lame.
No is not 😂 beside kindergarten design and wide and long presence... of a 3 tonnes error that willbe 99% used as a Prius is... the windshield is absolutely a marvel of #useless engineering 😂😅
That truck is the polar opposite of the Ford Taurus. when the Ford Taurus debuted it was jellybean round and this truck is all corners
This video is sponsored by dbrand lol 😂
Doug Demuro is the type of guy that will buy used 2024 Cybertruck in 2030 and explain why he bought it.  😅😅😅😅😅
Love glove "tray" versus box. Wish all cars had this.
When you just have 5 minutes left to design a car, this is what is the result
It is hideous, not insane. The CEO Mr Musk on the other hand is insane, but not in a good way.
Aah perfect video for cooking dinner 🙌🏼
Cybertruck: made with stainless steel to save money owners: spend money on wrapping because they don't appreciate stains
NASA NEW MOON 🌚 CRAWLER 😂😂😂
This is one of the most ugliest vehicles to ever be produced imho. "There is nothing else like it on the planet"  Thank God for that...  I never thought I would actually EVER say - this thing makes the Pontiac Aztek actually look good in comparison LOL  He actually said "the reason guys buy this is to look cool"  Trust me, no one ever looked cool driving an Aztek - NO ONE
This is GARBAGE…. And it’s NOT the most hyped car at ALL… NO ONE that I’m associated with wants this crap nor even talk about it… AT ALL
doug thinks the average human arm size is equivalent to the thickness of a cotton tshirt
The windshield isn’t much different than The GM Dust Buster vans when it come to visibility.
love the driving tour through Balboa Park and the outskirts of downtown SD
I saw one painted jet black and black tinted windows. It was sick. Looked like batmans car
I really despise American car culture... think I'll move to Europe and buy a bicycle.
10:53 Hidden quirk - the drain plug has a CyberTruck logo on it
I love the idea of an electric truck, but this thing is a clown car. Rivian is the only one to do it right so far
Anybody who says this thing looks good is a Tesla fanboy. I’ve seen them in person and it looks incomplete…it would never look good
Its a POS, but good for you.
Doug is the type of guy to call Elon insane but think owners are experiencing premature wear on specialized stainless on a car less than 3 months old and getting them wrapped. Doesn't try frunk object detection amply demonstrated online. Ummm research at all?
There’s an answer for those wheels out there. But the answer is the aftermarket stepping up their game. Until that happens well you know
Yeah, it's cool but is anything about it sustainable?   What is stopping a steer-by-wire failure from killing me? Rust? Frunk chopping my hand off? Strangers spitting on my truck after they snagged their jacket on a sharp edge when they are just trying to walk though a parking lot? Difficult to clean?  Is the coolest way to throw away your money?
Waste of money i tell ya. Unless these big EUV's get more than 5 miles of towing capacity they are just waste of money, especially this gross thing which will kill alot of people with its shape and size
Question for de pod. Will u ever revieuw the volvo 850 T5R cream yellow?
Awwww yeah!
Elon is the man, cool truck
Cool is a very long stretch.
Elon is one of our only sane elites. Thus, to a pleb, he appears insane
Doug the type of guy to promote his website with vehicles that align perfectly with the car that's reviewed.
atrocious
Doug is the kinda guy to record a podcast using Mercedes voice recognition
220v for irrigation pumps, air compressor and welders, not a washing machine. Obviously Doug isn't a working man and can't relate to how real workers use trucks.
Finally, been waiting for this review so I can keep my beast preorder or cancel it
The average Raptor owner probably doesn't really care much about the Cybertruck vs Raptor thing. She's just happy that it sits high in the school parking lot and while dropping her kids off at cheerleading practice.
I really wish they would have had a cluster in front of the steering wheel
So far I’ve seen one wrapped in orange. I’ve seen three different black wraps. One almost look like Line X, The other one was a flat black. And the third one I had a high gloss black wrap.
So if someone cracks and breaks your screen you cant put the car in gear??? WTAF how is that a good idea??
You said washing machine but washing machines use the regular plugs, dryers use the 50 amp
Doug’s acting when he was trying to climb in the bed was cringeworthy. Good review though, thank you.
It’s called a squeegee, Doug.  Your maids use them.
Im sure these are going to be made for Mars
Looks like a damn space ship
Love your chanel, but dude, you make tons of money, more than I could ever dream, put some of that money into video production, get a team, have a designer on hand, get some consultancy, c'mon now! If not for us, for your pride!
I'm just not seeing it..
The steer by wire reminds me of RC cars. They turn far and the remote wheel only does half turn left or right.
Ick...
trucks lame, so are you.
Cybertruck should receive a 10 in styling. I absolutely don't see how you can call this ugly. I dont remember the last time a car with such an iconic, beautiful, and timeless design was released. Maybe the Golf 1, 300SL, or Testarossa.
Looks insane? A pice of brick, amazing futuristic design Holy F 🤣
Please do a review on that beautiful red BMW M5
The most PRACTICAL minimal vehicle design ever, and it's futuristic & cool. Elon even left the blank canvas, personalization up to the owner, the sky's the limit.
Sorry to correct you Doug but Tesla is now headquarters in Texas and the Cybertruck is built in Texas.  This is no longer your foo foo Cali Tesla Model 3 car.  @34:00
2024 mustang GT please
I never got the a piller issues. Just move you're head!
I would like to commemorate this video as the first time i have ever heard doug use the word "frunk" ... correct me if im wrong lol
If back to the future was made today, they would use one of these
Most overrated car of the year
No, Doug.  It's not cool.  It's hideous inside and out.  I have to wonder...How much is Elon paying you?
Pedestrian safety is apparently not an issue for Americans
Those brake lights seem dangerous…
So if the screen gets broken can you even drive the car if the drive selector is in the screen? Is there a backup?
The segment about the frunk taking your arm off is BS Doug. Literally put your arm out… watch it stop every single time.  It will not close on you. — just don’t put your fingers near the hinge point though. ;)
How’s Elon insane?
Doug, with all due respect, you better update this review soon and remove the lies about this vehicle and the free personal character comments about Musk otherwise CARWOW will just blow you away for good.
It's got swirl scratches from "buffing" it out. Pure garbage.
I call it Plain Stupid. Laughs in European.  Nonsense car 😂
Elon Musk is an American patriot, wants to protect the Earth, wants to explore the unexplored(Mars), he’s giving paralyzed people the opportunities they’ve never had with Neurolink and he’s pro 1st and 2nd amendment. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Watching your videos makes my back hurt
But I do love this thing. In a sea of bland copy cats, this really stands out.
A Delorean as rendered in original Tomb Raider 🤮
If this vehicle was forced upon me, I would want that stainless to scratch right away. The quicker an antique style patina developed, the better. Makes it more unique like a stainless Texas Deadlift Bar. Imperfections give character. Why not just get a vehicle with gloss paint to not drive if you’re that rich?
Doug is the type of guy to rate the Cybertruck's 0-60 time of 3.8 seconds as a 8 out of 10.
I've seen different reviews of cyber truck, but no one can explain better than Doug Demuro 👍
The Pontiac aztek looked better then this finger print catching death trap 😂 the fact you are literally the crumple zone makes me wonder why anyone would wanna drive this around
As an European, I hate quirks and features of this car and probably the whole car
I live in a northeast Austin suburb, and I see lots of Cybertrucks on Tesla auto haulers all the time. I suppose they're all heading off to their new owners. I've also seen a couple around town, including a couple that have been wrapped. They're head-turning, to say the least.
Stupid ugly car. Hope it never comes comes to Europe
Completely insane person indeed runs this company and I respect Elon all the way
That ain’t no truck
This is the last review I'll watch in a dark, echoey, dimly lit bomb shelter setting.  Unsubscribed.
The front trunk comment is so ignorant.  Why didn't he just use a piece of paper to demonstrate?  Might as well be.  For those who want to know, the front trunk has sensors and would not chop off your arm.  geeze.  such stupidity and laziness in this review to verify info.
Why are the doors all stained already? Looks like h e l l .
Okay I hate that you need to go into a screen to shift it into gear. Give me a center or column shift any day
I’d wrap mine like a Star Trek shuttle craft. That be totally rad.
I like calling the steering wheel a sqircle
I guess I've been saying tonneau cover wrong this whole time....
How hot was the stainless steel body after sitting in the sun?
Safety wise, how strong is the roof glass in the event of a rollover?
Not a tonneau cover. It is a tambor cover.
Lawsuits and recalls when i see a cyber truck
I love cars. In almost any car I can find some sort of beauty but this one is straight trash. I am sorry but if people say new BMWs are designed by 12 years old, this one is designed by a toddler. Absolutely shocking.
The forward visibility is poor, so, sure, you're going to hit some things. But at least it's fast, three and a half tons, and has sharp edges.
Just so you know I hang onto every word Doug says, @ 6:19 Is it just me or Doug promised to show us the blindside camera later in the video but didn't 😢
Nice try Feds, I'm still not liking that ugly thing
Yeah....still does nothing for me.
That truck is going to be in a ton of accidents.  Tesla is going to make a TON.  what a pos
It should be called "Cybertank."
I'm sorry but, this is the uggliest car I have ever seen in my entire life🤮
Yes let me buy this at 102K for Elon to lower the price by 20k soon.
What a dorkmobile
Doug the type of Guy to listen to Surfer Blood while reviewing the cybertruck @ 16:42
It should be marketed as a door stop. Granted, a very LARGE door stop. But nonetheless, it’s a wedge shaped door stop
Don't say cooler, don't say cooler ... that drain is so you can wash it out after putting dirty gear in there. Use an insulated cooler as a cooler.
Can't wait to see what one looks like written off on CoPart 😆
This is a fridge on wheels
Ik weet uw werken, en waar gij woont; namelijk daar de troon des satans is, en gij houdt Mijn Naam, en hebt Mijn geloof niet verloochend, ook in die dagen, in welke Antipas, Mijn getrouwe getuige was, welke gedood is bij ulieden, daar de satan woont.
It's hideous and it always will be a monstrous aberration
not cooler than a raptor or a trx. capable vehicles... vs an uncapable vehicle. poorly engineered suspension
How do the headlights and main beams work from the narrow slits?
Doug the Douche
No need to watch this garbage.  He's the LAST person on YouTube to review this truck.  Yawn...
There were complaints about going hand-over-hand with a joke, I mean a yoke steering wheel.  Instead of going back to a round steering wheel, we decided completely reengineer the steering rack.
Corrupted by Elon Musk,  I present you Doug de Muro !
cybertruck is not king of anything but frequent future recalls is my bet
I'm not sure this thing really caters to truck people.  I understand that a  lot of trucks these days are just big, powerful SUV's with a bed basically but they have a stance and a presence that this thing just doesn't have. It's a new fad that'll fade away just like this electric craze is fading away. It's why Toyota says they'll never make an electric car, why BMW says they'll never stop making ICE cars, why AUDI's gone back on its plan to go full electric, etc. So no i don't think it upstages other trucks
Here come the Elon "stans".  I have always like that Doug praises when likes a Tesla and calls out the strange stuff.   The Elon "stans" have no gag reflex...whatever Elon says is truth.
I can already hear Technology Connections angrily typing a script about the rear lights situation.
Ugly. Heavy. Poor quality. And all the disadvantages of electric propulsion to include an enormous carbon footprint. So that would be a hard no.
"It comes from a company ran by an insane person." Lmfao that almost made me lol at work.
I think this car is the most hyped-up car of this millennium or maybe second only to the Bugatti Veyron
I just realized this looks like a generic car in some of the first 3D racing games of the mid to late 90's.
I'm a tesla owner and an F250 owner and I wish people would stop calling this thing a truck, IT'S NOT!
Don’t stick your arm in there it will be cut off 27:05
Don’t stick your arm in there it will be cut off 27:05
The elephant man would look handsome in this.
This looks like a vehicle your friend would make in his backyard with sheet metal and his Harbor Freight welder.
I’ll say Tesla is today what Citroen was back in the 1950s regarding being ahead of the times. Citroen had the ds with experimental rotary power (failed though) adapting headlights and that amazing suspension system, 1 spoke steering wheel, high mounted turn signals due to the height of the car, biggest single piece of injection molded plastic in any industry for years (dashboard) and quirky ergonomics. Seems like the cyber truck is inspired by Citroens blazing disregard for the conventional back then. The styling, lights, materials, marketing, quirky ergonomics and such.
Elon Musk is NOT an insane person
"Tuh-NO" cover.
"No big deal" that there is no step to get into the bed? Considering the majority of people who can afford this thing are people above the age of 40, complete with their ageing joints and muscles, it's a pretty big deal. Typical Tesla cheap-out.
That windshields going to cost an arm or a leg.
They teased the design so long ago that it already looks dated.
You can't convince me that Tesla didn't make this truck specifically for Doug to review. Can go ahead and lock up quirkiest car of the year Doug award.  If I am honest, I don't hate it, I kinda love it. Just could never bring myself to own one.
Honda 4ws since the 80s and now everybody is copying that😂
Doug is the type of guy to review a car that he said he wouldn’t review
the hate brigade is out in full swing today
Don't forget to do the bullet proof test!!!
Not a CT fanboy, but do that t-shirt auto close test on any other car.
So the Cyberbeast would have gotten a 75
Douchemobile
This guy could review a pair of socks and I’d get excited
No matter what some people say, most younger forward looking people are gutted we cant buy one in the E.U..
Only problem is, Once you buy it, it states in the contract you can't re-sell it. LOL! Not to mention, It's ugly as hell.
Doug not special enough to get an early cybertruck
If this truck receives a valid homologation in EU then I think we're going downhill rapidly.
Where is the ray gun??
It looks....boring
This guy puts car blondie 👱‍♀️ lady to shame. A person that talks real car and truck information
Design: the Cybertruck is noticeable smaller than the prototype.  I believe that is a reason for the massively lower range. I
A quirk and feature quibble: My Model S rear hatch also power closes and, if I put  t-shirt there, it will close on it. However, If I put something thicker (stick of wood, football, or arm) it will sense resistance to closing and reopen automatically. I have zero doubt the same will happen with the frunk here. Or the tonneau cover for that matter.
by North America, he means Canada, Mexico, and USA?
Surprised it didn't get a 1 in styling.
Insane!
This thing is so close to perfect. If only the manufacturing was better. It looks so dang cool.
I hate the bunker videos
I dont find it ugly just different. I actually like that it looks like a concept car but the design hasn't been watered down for production
Great content, thank you
Doug the type of guy to say he won't review a cybertruck until he can promote it on C&B, and then lists two without promoting them
Nonsense vehicle with many features missing.
its still ugly
I’ll say I’m an old school car guy but my parents got a model 3 and a y. For their lifestyle and work commute they do make a lot of sense vs the gasoline cars we had before. But the interior quality and some questionable design choices regarding ergonomics puts me off and keeps me in my classic Mercedes sedans. But though the cyber truck is rather hard in the eyes it is very daring and bold. I appreciate that and hopefully that will encourage others to make more interesting looking vehicles like the ionic6 and my fav, the ionic5
UGLY.  It looks like a prop from a bad B sci-fi movie from the 1980s.
Unique.  But as much as I love Elon,  I wouldn’t even keep one if I won it in a free raffle.       It’s just a novelty item
This thing will never not attract looks from people. It's wild looking.
I didn’t know Doug got down with Surfer Blood.
THIS…is a vehicle I can’t believe Doug reviewed.  Why, Doug…WHY?
Cyber quirks n features y'all
I’ve worked my entire life for automotive OEMs and got to drive one yesterday. I have never been in a more poorly designed vehicle in my entire life. Crude door edges that cut your fingers. Panel gaps/alignment that are hilariously bad. A driving position that feels like you’re 30feet from the nose. Stainless steel body panels that were already showing corrosion after 300miles.
There’s one in my parents neighborhood, freakin disgusting crap.
Cool car cool compay angry owner
"cool factor: 10" Doug be real with yourself, that would imply basically anyone would find this chrome dumpster cool 😂
Such an awesome truck!
It's hard 0.5 for me.  The fact that it was even released is my reasoning.  The waiting list for this hot garage is baffling.
I actually did cut myself with the rear end
Easily one of the ugliest things I've seen, and it hardly works off-road 😂  for more money too
Definitely the ugliest vehicle ever built!
Better late than never Doug! 😅
The more you look at it the uglier it gets
Is the panel above the tail lights bent?
ain’t nothing insane bout Elon Musk but go ahead
finally, a car that surpasses a new lamborghini in terms of desirability for pick-me dipwads. these shouldn't be allowed on roads for a variety of reasons, not least of which how its going to split people in half in an accident.
Reminds me of a car from a n46 game hahahah
This has to be the ultimate LOOK AT ME vehicle ever made.
Ugly truck! I'll take a Pontiac Aztek over the Cybertruck!
I like the fact that this car exists
About time!
I’m still waiting for Doug to review a Chrysler Crossfire
Buy this car if you want to know that everyone sees you as an idiot.
i was expecting styling 1 but Doug never ceases to disappoint
Boycott Tesla!
The angels are not as bad as the point at the top of a open car door.  Seen someone hit them self with that.  Left a nice scratch on their cheek.
it looks really cool at first but once you get over that the minimalist look is just really boring, a rivian still looks way nicer.
It is probably to the taste of the latest generations..I love the design ideas but prefer the cozy dials, messy clocks and old fashioned car cockpit designs
"No big deal, but worth pointing out" - the Cybertruck in a nutshell 😅
Doug is the type of guy to be 2 months late to review what he himself accurately dubs “the hottest new car of the decade” because he tried yet failed to milk more money out of it.    It’s okay though, I still love Doug’s content and always will, I’m just a little disappointed he put profit before his audience, as I was really looking forward to seeing his take on the cybertruck before anyone else’s. This truck is just old news at this point. It’s understandable at the end of the day too, those cars & bids investors gotta make their money back at some point.
Doug, how did you end up with the same Doug Score for the Fisker Ocean as the Model Y performance??
Doug, don't use "auto-focus" on your camera, thanks :)
I was wondering when Tucker Carlson was going to get around to this review.
Why does it look like this?
Love your vids lots of cool cars I'll never be able to afford so I appreciate the chance to even view them but I have to say how is that truck "hard to get into the bed" compared to 99% of the trucks sold over the past 120+ years I'm younger than you and I grew up with real trucks so I know you know what I'm saying lol keep it real as u always do no need to bs us
This thing looks so silly.
I don't understand how they kept the front that sharp and got it to be street legal
Dough kinda sounds like Morty
You lost me until you said Elon was insane and then you grabbed me right back.
The fact that this car complies with American passenger safety regulations blows my mind
The complaints from the peanut gallery are mostly from people who either drive Mercedes and BMW's thinking this is the same kind of vehicle. This is totally different and why it'll be talked about for years. Anyone buying this or are interested don't care about some slight differences in gaps between massive stainless steel panels. There is so much talk about rust yet no pictures or videos documenting this so far other from heresay posts on reddit. Has anyone heard of the Delorean? Same material for panels and no rust. Rode any subway train? Same material and no rust.   Lastly the others complaining probably cant afford it anyways.   If you like it you like it. If you dont you dont but you gotta respect Tesla for actually building something that wasn't just another boring basic truck.
Those electronics will be outdated after Elon sends a software update to brick it.
The most mind blowing parts of this truck werent mentioned. The 48v architecture, ethernet communication between differnt components. All the unique benefits of steer by wire vs traditional but Doug is probably more focused on just the look and feel of the truck and not how it will impact the auto industry as a whole going forward. I personally would never buy this truck but i love the innovation and risks taken with it.
It’s an object of ridicule, and anything but “cool”… I don’t see any normal truck owners losing sleep over their purchases. The only thing cool about the review was Doug.
This likely would be a good collector car. BTW, this car is available in Asia.
dont open your door driving down the highway unless you want to do a front flip
REMEMBER GUYS, THE CIA USES THESE INFLUENCERS TO PUSH THEIR AGENDAS! IS DOUG LIKEABLE, SOMETIMES,  IS HE ENTERTAINING, HALF THE TIME, BUT....HE IS A HIGHLY PAID PAWN WHOS JOB IS TO INFLUENCE YOUR DECISIONS BY HYPING UP EVS.
Easter egg, when you lower the window, it takes shape of a cyber truck
REMEMBER GUYS, THE CIA USES THESE INFLUENCERS TO PUSH THEIR AGENDAS! IS DOUG LIKEABLE, SOMETIMES,  IS HE ENTERTAINING, HALF THE TIME, BUT....HE IS A HIGHLY PAID PAWN WHOS JOB IS TO INFLUENCE YOUR DECISIONS BY HYPING UP EVS.
Doug your video is having some issues for me, the truck you're reviewing is missing a few polygons.
It looks like a kitchen knife, clever owners should redesign their garages to look like a countertop knife block
At least we are starting to be honest about this thing.   Its a rich mans toy, to show off.   Thats exactly what it is.
It will not cut your arm off
THIS is going to be a highly viewed video.
This one goes down into the unique vehicle reviews, that's for sure.  Thanks @Doug DeMuro!
can't wait to NOT own one.......ever.
Nice review Doug, but a 5 for handling? It's revolutionary in that category.
After all that talk about the futuristic design and great handling how does it get 5 in both!!!!
Drove next to one and it looked absolutely massive, yet somehow next to Doug it looks pretty small 😂
Doug trying to hype this car up is just plain hilarious
While I love Tesla to an extent, I think I’d rather have a column shifter like a Nissan Titan. My parents 98 GMC suburban had a column shifter, n the rest of their cars I’ve driven have normal shifter, so I think I’d prefer those over literally any of the new shifters.
In Germany it would be pretty much impossible to use simply because of the weight. A normal B drivers license allows you to drive cars up to 3.5t maximum weight, so if you put your family and luggage in it your're already overloaded and that's considered driving without a valid license. Which would most likely make you loose your license if you were caught.  To Properly use it you'd have to own a C1 License, which most people don`t have. It`'s another 3k€ on top of your already expensive B license.
6:05 forgot to mention the specially designed tires to blend in with the wheel covers.
The TRX/Raptor rant got me feeling so validated.
Doug, this is one of the dumbest cars that's ever been built..
Doug look like such a virgin guy.
No Doug, it's not the driving experience that's the least interesting part of the truck, that would be owners of said truck.
Doug the type of guy to review an industrial designed car in an industrial designed environment
Think about it.this is elons way of finding out how far he can go and his loyal ( fan boys and girls,) will follow with their  checkbooks.its( apple) with wheels.🖕👴🖕
Word of the day: monolith
Sorry, nothing cool about it. This is what I drew when I was 5.
Dumb vehicle for people who think its cool, but dont know what cool is (mainly Enlo). That BMW in Dougs garage IS cool.
Doug really enjoyed this one. Love it!
the cyber trashcan
How tall are you  Can I fit my 6'4" 6'5" kiddos in the back seat???  Please let me know.
Would be great if the under bed storage was large enough for full sized spare tire. Perhaps it can be utilized for a super efficient true range extender.
11:15 what is wrong with this guy? 😅  Great video as always Doug 😄
I honestly thought until a few weeks ago that this vehicle was just an internet joke/meme. I mean I obviously couldn't take anything involving it seriously.
This car is growing on me
The reviewer and designer should stay off the ketamine.
Clearly Elon Musk commissioned this vehicle after playing a round of Star Fox on the Super Nintendo . And the usual A+ delivery from Doug demuro makes it palatable and I appreciate that very much
Tesla does it again . Pure genius
Hate to have to pay out of pocket to replace that windshield...
38:49 "There is nothing else like it on the road"  Gee I wonder why. It's almost like senior engineers at Tesla begged the CEO not to move forward with this design. Psh, they're probably nerds who don't know how coolness makes trucks safer and more useful.
That brake light cluster method is inexcusably bad
My 10yr old daughter watched the video with me and asked what if a zombie pressed the truck bed opening button? ;)
Fridge!!!!
Holy cow, that thing is huge or Doug all of a sudden got much shorter. LOL.
FOR 179 THOUSAND DOLLARS I CAN BUY A BRAND NEW GT500 AND A LEXUS RX LOL.
Doug you were a hugged child, I can see it in your sparkly eyes. Nurture is the dominant factor as compared to nature, we are mostly neurotypical, which means that the biggest factor is nurture not nature, hugged kids become phd and start a YouTube channel with a smile on their face. The only way to heal the world quickly from childhood derived PTSD, lots of PTSD on this planet, is Ketamine, best product out there alongside Costco, and ASICS running shoes, special K is the future of mental health, works like a charm every time, with everyone without side effects, plus is so much fun, has to be normalized ASAP, society is not understanding the substance, the same way they didn’t understand Cannabis, if I had a million bucks I’d open a Ketamine business tomorrow, in the US it’s legal when administered in a clinic or prescribed as a nasal, Ketamine revolution is coming with or without me, Ketamine is so elegant, better than Lexapro, which has to be added to the public water alongside Fluoride
The 2024 TRX I just bought my wife has sooo much more soul than this appliance will ever have
Can’t wait for this to fall apart in about two years. Looks like it’s going to be plagued by all the problems teslas have
I do not own a Ram or F150, and I still see it as trash
@elonmusk is a prime example of how consciousness is good for deducting the natural world, bad for impartially judging the tribal heart. An example, a good mathematician can be a racist, cos you know, white people are good in math, also intelligence is a function of self esteem
I'm waiting for Elon to put a modified version of his cyber truck on the moon AND return it. That would be epic.
It is extremely "not cool"
It’s too bad Doug didn’t review the Cyberbeast. It would have gained 2 more points for Accel and thus becoming the new DougScore Champion at 75!!!
Overpriced trash...
Surprised he didn't say the steering wheel is a squircle 😆
This might be the worst designed vehicle ever.
Most hyped vehicle over the last decade... did Doug already forvet the craziness of the C8 Corvette?
Musk is insane? Maybe quirky…
You forgot to mention that you can also shift from P to D to R on the upper area where the hazard light button is. Maybe you didn't even know that was there. You also didn't mention that it's 48-volt system.
just a matter of WHEN people are suing tesla for parking garages collapsing.
Bruh that Cybertruck is slammed lol
I can't believe that they've allowed the removal of the indicator stalk. An unnacustomed driver using this in an emergency etcétera, will be struggling to give other drivers a heads up when changing direction!  Dumb and dangerous minimilism  IMO
If Doug didn't review it...I don't want it. Doug is the ONLY car reviewer I trust
I don't know about you all, but THIS is how you do an absolutely ridiculous good review
I'm hearing terrible reviews about this "truck" I would never buy this. It's barely a truck. F150 lightning seems like much better value
Yes, but tell me more about that red BMW...
My favorite part of this vehicle is... nothing.
Just clicked on the video…. Guess it made it to Cars & Bids 😅
💩 box on wheels
Who been waiting on this review from Doug🙋
Cyber truck upstaging the Raptor is a matter of opinion. And you know what they say about opinions.
😂😂, perfect car for people have bad taste 😂💩💩💩, welcome to the idiocracy 😂😂😂🎉
I am bleeding from eyes 2 minutes into this video.
That rear light design shouldn’t even be legal. I can see a new driver getting confused as to whether or not it is breaking
I wish it looked better
I wouldn't buy that junk to be cool! Know what's cooler for the price, a Porsche GT3RS
do a review of   Mercedes benz cls 63 amg w212
The car is just hideous. But the review is great as always.
If you have an insulated single, two, or oversized two stall garage, this won't fit. Funny.
the trunk button was always annoying fo tesla. i mean, even a regular ford or toyota have "sensor" close. why not tesla?
Europe can't buy a cybertruck, but they can get a Dacia Duster, which is much better.
Can't believe Doug is almost 20 years younger than Elmo
Well, there are curves, but they’re so subtle that they’re nearly unnoticeable. But it’s pretty intricate so it deserves some praise. Everyone assumes each panel is completely flat. That’s not the case. There’s a sweeping curve on the vertical panels from front to back. And the hood/frunk is curved as well.
Rust in peace.
No carrot peeling/chopping done here?  There's a long list of why it won't go to Europe. One is pedestrian safety. All those hard edges are a safety hazard in case of a collision. The viewing angles have problems and some rules might be violated there as well. Another is the 3.5 t limit of the class B driving licence. That's 3.5 t allowed maximum weight, which would mean you can only add the weight of 4 passengers without luggage (no obese Americans) and no cargo at all to hit that limit. My driving licence of 1990 is still an old German class 3 which allows to drive trucks of up to 7.5 t (I never drove anything larger than a 3.5 t Ford Transit) but nowadays you need a trucking licence which is much more costly and requires extra training.
Somehow the smaller Rivian truck firts a full spare wheel. How did tesla's packaging let them down? Or do they care about utility less than when they released the Model S in 2012 with the for those times huge frunk, still much larger than today's Model S, but much smaller than Lucid Air's?
So cyber beast has 10 for acceleration making it the highest doug score ever? (75)
Without a rain gutter in the roof/windshield line, do people get splashed in the face when the wiper operates?
Honestly this felt like less of a review and more of a fan-boy video. Sure there's a lot of cool things about the Cybertruck, but Doug really skipped over a lot the truck's shortcomings.
It’s ugly isn’t it? You can even see oil canning on the panels  Looks cheap and awlful
I don't know how many years they did it, but the Honda Civic has those tiny side windows below the "A" pillar, too.  They look a bit funny, but they do contribute to safety.
There’s not one single thing I like about it.
This was the review that everyone was waiting for and I personally think it was exactly what it was meant to be.  Amazing content as usual.  Also anyone that hasn't watched the "This Car Pod" podcast and is a fan of Mr Doug, like I am, should set aside a few hours and watch the two that are released already.  I usually cannot get through any podcast that is an hour or more but before I realized the time, it was over.  I am a old man and an automobile enthusiast so that factors into why I derive so much personal enjoyment from this creator's content.  Thanks again to this creator and I wish the very best of health and happiness to you all and your families!
Tows 11.000 LBS = rage 35 feet..
I'm surprised you didn't find the front door window Easter egg.
So Ugly
Just saw one the other day,  it was showing signs of surface rust.. pretty sad, honestly. They should matte clear coat them from the factory.
Quirks and features and Doug doesn't kick the heck out of the door? I feel that it doesn't dent is one of the best features! C'mon Dougie
i like how they care about the aerodynamic position of the windshield wiper, when its placed on a literal brick on wheels.
I think this is probably the least uncool car of all time.  It's beyond seriously uncool, put it in the opposite of the DB9 fridge.
steering by wire is an awful idea. also the on screen shifter sucks
Took you long enough! ;-) I'd be interested to see a truck on this platform with the very most sleek curves for the softest pillow look and lowest high speed wind noise and highest range. It would be BETTER, but HOW MUCH?
.......king of the C U Next Tues club.....................................
Terrible thing, I hope Elon is jailed soon
How much did they pay you under the table Doug? They really want us to give up our ICE cars foe that piece of junk that rust. But Doug would never mention that, now would he.
37:33 Doug is the type of guy who discourages driving a Cybertruck in the city…but films only driving in the city 😁
douchebagmobile
"and this is SO cool" difficult not to burst out laughing
We can have this but we can’t have squarebody’s and pop up headlights 😓
He is becoming a little bit more vocal on his opinions in videos. This truck may look different but it’s totally going to destroy the truck market.
I love the 360 degree steering wheel rotation, i wish more cars had that
In 57 years I've never seen an amputation feature on a vehicle.
Is Doug too cool 😎 for the word round I’m waiting in the whole video to hear the world round but it’s always circular and non triangular hahaha
Also do I already see a dent crease in the hood?! 😂🤦🏼‍♀️
I am beginning to love this truck because it apparently offends nanny state Euros worse than a woman cutting her armpit hair.
So americans think of themselves as cool when they’ve got something bad to drive, unconventional, unuseful and expensive. I wonder how that trash would work in the artic circle in europe where i live. To my relief they don’t seem like bringing it here because we have laws that protect like pedestrians and other road users. Nobody here even has pickup trucks. 4x4 estate or suv works better😂
Oh boy ! Get ready for comments from the small peep folks !
Какой то пустой салон 😮
Contractors, farmers, oil field workers, people towing a trailer are all clamoring for an electric pickup.
i would NOT trust other car companies with steer by wire, if you look at their entertaintment systems. Tesla is widely known for having reliable software & best security in the field.
Elon definitely made it into history with this car. It will probably have tons of drama around it in future as well. Btw waiting when someone swaps a normal engine in it
If he had reviewed the faster version, it would have gotten a  75  which would have been a high score record, unless Doug decreases it's value.
The company is run by an insane person lmao 🤣 😂
Huh, turns out doug's turned full car salesman. No car guy thinks this pos is cool. Bye dug.
Ralf Nader would never have liked it 😮
"cyber" is from the same root word as "government". ironic for a pull-yourself-up-by-your-own-bootstraps libertarian like Eelon.
Designed using a SkillSaw and plywood 😂
RaptoR is the ultimate pickup
Seems decent. Don't know about the 6 figure price tag. Maybe Elon can take some ketamine and hallucinate me buying it, because it ain't happening in real life.
Imagine it had not failed on like 15 to 20 key specs and features promised 10 years ago. How hyped would it have been then?
The cyber truck is the ugliest automobile I have ever seen
I wouldn't drive that if Doug personally bought it and delivered it himself 😂😂
Soon they’ll have fridge magnets all over them 😂
This car is the most ugly car I have ever seen. It’s interesting how the Chinese are able to build more beautiful cars than America.
Doug, be careful describing steer-by-wire systems using the words "directly connected"
Ah what is wrong with that rear view mirror coloring on the screen. Looks like an 80's video game
Electric f150 better in any way. And cheaper. And you don't look silly. If we even not consider electric vechiles and trucks are silly already
My only main problem is the transmission being put into the GAINT screen (just like all the other Tesla cars). it's not safe in my opinion. At least put a stick or shift in the vehicles. What happens if the screen malfunctions? I know there's a backup transmission section on the celling. But swiping your hands on the screen to change gear is not practical. It can be a bit dangerous.   The interior has no style, it needs some flavor, some coziness to it. Other than that, It's a different kind of a pickup truck. Real different kind of one.
Looking at ur score at the end all I had to do is laugh!! There is nothing cool about it and it being made by a psychopath makes it even less cool! I’ll take any of those other trucks even a janky Toyota Tacoma and drive the cyber truck laughing
Interesting looking modern Hummer style truck. What's powering this powerful beast? What type of gearbox does it have?Is it petrol or diesel? I wish you mentioned these things.I sure hope it is not a lame Prius Hybrid thing.
the wiper are dangerous in winter
How the turntables… the socialist brutalism is back in style everybody
This is a refrigerator 😂
That body line for the front door is super quirky.  It litterally hurts my eyes...
It's not cool. It's pathetic.
it cant tow well it cant off-road it cant carry a large amount of stuff, its not a truck its a car, and it doesn't even do that well.
Money pit and tons of headaches 😮
These things are ridiculous.
Soo we are just gonna ignore this is uglier than a Pontiac aztek👀💀
This is just plain ugly
I would rather get run over by an f150 than this any day
Dude the panels aren’t even lined up 😂 lmfao
Thank you, Doug, great review!
This thing will be a nightmare when 10 years old and none of thel basic functions being  electrical controlled don't work any longer.
I already know he is about to say … It’s available on Cars and Bids
Fails so many safety tests outside the USA it (hopefully) will never appear here. It's far too sharp with no pedestrian safety (not really a problem in the USA - what's a pedestrian?), it's too heavy to be driven on a car license and those brake lights are totally illegal here.
I'd buy a cybertruck and swap the electric motors for a twincharged demon 170 motor
People complaining about pedestrian safety, while the sloped front end gives it better driver visibilty than every other pickup for sale
Been waiting for this review for a long time.
Do other trucks on the road accelerate at that rate?
Anyone know where I can get some square or triangular wheels for this car? The circular wheels really ruin the look.
A pedestrian killer on wheels. This…thing is ridiculous just for the sake of it and definitely not in a good way.
Oof, that THICC A pillar combined with the razor sharp front edge and corners are going to hurt a LOT of pedestrians. :(
GREAT AMERICAN ENGINEERING
My Favorite 🎉
Gotta appreciate Doug for counting every side on every shape in the car
Doug the type of guy to say the 2024 equivalent of H2 Hummer is cool
This is like Balenciaga sneakers...completely stupid
Doug that kind of guy who says he doesn't want to mention quirks he already mentioned in a previous review but, while saying he won't, ends up mentioning them along with the corresponding demonstration of said quirks
The features are it's strengths I can see why someone may want it above everything else and the price is low to just have 🤔
You couldn't pay me to drive that thing....
One of the ugliest and dumbest looking cars I've seen. Pretty sure they're is no Tesla badge because even they're embarrassed that made it. I'm sorry it's not cool...😅
Cool factor 10?  Same as you scored the McLaren F1, Speedtail, Bugatti Chiron or Ferrari F40?   Uh, ok, sure, Doug.
I am genuinely 110% unimpressed by this stupid vehicle. The only interesting things about it is that it exists, and that there's a bunch of weirdos who are actually willing to pay for this heap of trash. I genuinely think it may be the worst car in the world
Not really a truck. It's just a large dorky overpriced SUV
The fact that this thing is legal just proves that the American government cares more about corporations than it does it's citizens!
Not a work truck which is fine. Not practical which is fine. Not for everyone which is fine.
31:49 test drive~ Ur welcome
Worst car ever
People that can't afford a $120,000 truck:  I will never buy a Cybertruck!  We know, and do not care 😂
Its PIG ugly and dangerous for pedestrians. I just hope we dont get them in the UK.
What about the Cars & Bids Live Auctions podcast?  Is that the same type of podcast?
I'd be very intruiged to see how much this truck actually cost Tesla compared to all the other cars. It genuinely has all the smartest cost cutting measures placed in the most intelligent ways. Like -no interior, no outerr paint, no expensive steel bending manifacturing or anything.
What happened to steer by wire when you loose power?
TELL ME YOU ARE A C U Next Tues BY DRIVING A "cybertruck"........................
Ugliest vehicle ever made. Seriously,  the G-Wiz is better looking
This truck is about as far from “cool” as you can get 😂
Gooning hard here, Doug. Real hard.
It will not cut your arm off. Maybe learn more about the car before reviewing and spreading misinformation?
Ahahaha Doug is so scared of the Tesla fan boys so he had to make sure it scores high.
We are waiting DIESEL version ...
What moronic comments! I feel IQ points draining away by the second.
😂Doug describing raptor owners dissing on cybertruck is so true, it’s not like truck owners tow anything these day, heck my rav4 prime tows more often than my neighbors Ford Ranger 😂
Seems like a great truck for people who have no business buying a truck.
Have mine on order....might get this decad 😞
Best truck out there for sure
I can't believe how soft Doug is being on this car, which is a non car. I can't believe some people see this as an actual car. There is so much about this vehicle that screams Monorail Guy, and Doug is just glossing over like they're not terrible flaws
Tesla please make a truck for Europe based off the model X
@2:20 yes, it's brutal, not a public safety hazard by an incompetent manufacturer @3:47 what are you rambling about? The wiper's position won't make a difference if the car is shaped like a toblerone   Ok I skipped to the end to check if it's a bit, it is not, @39:09 ok that's insanity, just literally insanity, you need to visit a professional.  Ok that's it, Doug is gone, tesla bought him or he has lost his mind, I am unsubbing after nearly a decade of following. What a shame.
Probably the #1 ugly car EVER produced!
Doug is the type of guy to comment on how angular an animated dog is.
You can plug in your washing machine and run it from your Cyber truck. My man 😂😂😂
This is for sale someone gonna get banned hahaha
Insane!😁😆😱
😮😮😮😮
Sorry to say but it's not really up staging the trx or the raptor r, it's definitely different and not for everyone. I just saw one today. It's nice but I wouldn't buy it. And as a firefighter I definitely don't like it.
This is absolutely opposite version of Pagani Huayra Oval Shape vs Hexagon Shape 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
come on this is not a car, this is a gimmick..
I’d be curious about off-road performance. I suppose I’m waiting for driving sports TV’s review! I feel like I’d prefer the non drive by wire steering for more control whilst off road, but wouldn’t know haha 😂
At least this one's door fits mostly fine unlike the one MKB reviewed...
This will be like the Hummer when they came out,people thought they were cool but after a few years they realized how ugly they were,I think the same will happen with this car
Only a liberal thinks this is cool, but only a conservative can afford it, but I don't drive junk.
THISSSS
You gave the R1S a 74? Where is it?
I'd rock a cybertruck with absolutely zero care about others opinions. I'd sell my prized e46 and toss the girlfriends cat into the deal for free. The dog and I would be oh so jolly.
Serious question here. Aren't there regulations regarding having razor blade edges on the front of a vehicle or auto closing trunks that don't stop if there are obstructions?
Bit of backward logic "it doesn't matter it can't tow as people are only buying it to look cool".... It's the only thing it can do  with 1/2ing the range or more ,   so of course that's the reason people are buying it .
You’ve got to do something about the lighting in the dungeon you’re filming in now.
A statement. Totally wrong statement nonetheless.
Left front door and left fender do not align at 31:40
You're kinda late. The Cybertuck came out like 6 months ago.
This is the BEST truck ever! Glad I got mine, love it!
Reverse lights?? Are they there 🤔?
regardless of past form, saying its 3 years late and bashing the price is so ridiculous.
Tesla x plaid also has  73 score!
I think the Cybertrkkk had a chance but Elon just went full on Red Hat. I don't think the average rich person wants to draw that kind of attention, especially if Elon continues to devolve into the fever swamp.
I know that people do think about these things they buy it because it's a truck it should be able to do truck things but then you're right most of these people are going to buy it for its Flash and for its you know it just it's attention that it draws to you and of course these are not cheap so you know celebrities things like that you know whatever it's a bad product it's a terrible product and it took 5 years that's ridiculous the ergonomics of it is terrible I would hate to get hurt by that such that sharp angle on the back of the truck on top of the bed you know they could have done so much better with this truck they really could have just buy design-wise would have made it look even more futuristic cool it's actually because it looks way too minimalist outside that it looks bad there's so much you can do that would barely impact the minimalism and make it look so much better
Finally
When someone has a cracked windshield I can't even imagine what it will cost to replace it
Saw one the other day
Lots of lefties in the comments.
Should've been called the Double Coyote.
It's ugly.
People buying a Cyber truck, or just loving the design...are the same people who'd have called the GM dust buster vans "ugly", 25 years ago.
How did the Cybertruck pass US crash and safety standards if not only being a blunt instrument but also in places like a meat cleaver?!
Head turning doesn't mean cool. At least in my book. Ugly fridge.
Doug is arguably the most famous car reviewer on youtube, has millions of subs, billions of views, a car sales website, and a Ford GT/Carrera GT two car garage.  He is recording this video in a dark echo-y concrete garage.  Never change Doug
It is just plain ugly imo.
Doug can we go back to when u used 2 shout Carrrss n Biddssss! It was so fun! Thanks.
Front bumper is curved
I'll never take  another doug score seriously in my lifetime!
Sorry to say the R1T isn’t even close. What the world doesn’t know yet is how well this truck will be as a work truck. It will outsell the F150 some day and every contractor will be using one for their business. As well as the government as work trucks.
This is not cool.
True meaning if ugly looking truck, definitely designed by a 3 years old kid
Nailed it!  Thank you Doug.
The trunk will literally cut your fingers off
11:16 or just do a dual tailgate with your in-bed draining trunk - like the Ridgeline! So easy to access the bed without going over the tailgate if you swing it. Drawback is you can't damp it nor power it. Still worth it!
Best review of cyberattack! But 5000 kg is it really ? Maybe mistake ?
What about how horrific the design is?? I’m still watching but I hope ole Douglas touches on it.
I bet none of the negative comments have ever been inside, let alone seen the CT to give informed criticism...don't judge a book by the cover I say! Tesla, really is the best car company on earth! Check "Best Selling Car of 2023" with ZERO advertising budget!
Imagine a nice sound system in this!
Doug is the type of guy to have viewers to his podcast.
I really don't find it to be that fascinating and it is a very ugly truck, it is like you gave someone a ruler and said design me a truck. I see a lot of  issues that are going to start annoying the buyers, so these will be passed around. lol Bad ergonomics and how did that get passed  inspection I mean that's extremely sharp angle on the end of the truck... what if you back into and hit somebody with that angle God that is going to hurt bad and it's steel,not plastic. Or they could have just made it into a triangle but then that's more work. Anyway tesla made bad product. LMAO and it took 5 years? To come to market? I don't disagree. It's definitely odd looking...
hey put your fingers in the trunk when the door closes or rub your finger on the door .. something cools happens
Fiat Multipla and Pontiac Aztek joined the chat
Doug, this is a truck I already know basically everything about. I've seen all the videos. I've read all the specs. I don't watch this video to learn more about the truck. I watch it to see you get excited about it.
It looks like a doorstop on wheels.
Awesome! 😀
Don’t Doug say that the Cybertruck would never be. Built?  Now he is reviewing one. 😂
BTW this was your best review ever!! Great job!! Truck is so cool!!
Sweet, a minute and a half of ads to start the video. Doug's house isn't quite big enough, i guess.
Doug just said that lockers are an OTA update. That's the dumbest thing I've hear this week. The vehicle can already do it, but they're not giving you the button to use it yet.
It was better outside with natural light
Looks like F117 after fly over Serbia.
This must be the most wrap-friendly car ever! Bonus, you can cut the wrap using just the car's edges! 😅
If you had the “Beast” you would be amazed!
This truck looks like a giant refrigerator on wheels.😁
Style over function has it's place when you achieve something beautiful, don't know what they were smoking when they drew this though. Gets uglier every time I see it!
I love this car so much
lets get it straight , the car looks stupid
Doug you gave the cybertruck 8 for acceleration but the Rivian and Hummer 9. You said in the video yourself that it is the fastest truck. I know you didn’t test the cyber beast but it’s not fair to compare the lower spec cybertruck to the higher spec Hummer and Rivian, is it?
Looking forward to the Figaro
I’ve been ignoring other reviews bc I was waiting specifically for Doug’s
Doug demands quirks and features and the market responds to provide.
Looks rusty
It sounds scary how fast the cyberbeast model will accelerate, considering how big and heavy it is. I don't know about you all, but i have Slow Kids at Play in my neighborhood
Man have I been waiting for this review.
Doug is going senile, if he thinks this waste of metal and plastic is "interesting" or "anticipated" in any positive light.
Could you show one of these trucks being recycled?
This is not a real vehicle.
Remember when we used to get excited for crazy or funky lookin cars as kids just cuz they didn't look like anything else on the road? This is that for me. idc about specs, I'm just  glad it's not another F-150 or Silverado. If it sells, it sells
yeah. you lost your touch. and its sad to see..
If you want one of these I’d hold off until you turn 25. The brain is fully developed by then
Im still mad we got the cyber truck before the roadster the nly tesla i really care about
Where do you get off calling Elon Musk insane?!  I’m not watching you anymore!
Great review… terrible lighting.
it's very safe for pedestrians with these edges..
"an insane car by an insane person" is the best description of the CT I've seen yet
It’s not cool, it’s dumb.
Smaller bed, same payload and towing...then half the range of conditions are perfect and all the other inconveniences of electric...traded off for a 0-60 time and what would be a cool factor if I were a kindergartner who had seen the movie poster for Blade Runner.  Hard pass. Wonder how much Musk puffed before vomiting this one out.  Oh, and for the price, I did get a real truck, minivan and can get a project '93-'02 Viper. Yeah....
We hates it
"this car is so unique, only they would do it like this".... But like in a good way Doug? Or...
Currently, I own a Jeep Grand Cherokee that I bought specifically to flat tow behind my 40' diesel pusher motorhome.  I wonder if the Cybertruck can be modified to do the same?
No it isnt.
I pray this is not the future of automotive design. It's dystopian and depressing. Yuk
Thisssss... Can only mean one thing - someone is about to bite the 50k fee and get permabanned from the Tesla discord. It's up on Cars and Bids right now.
Is he insane because he still believes in free speech?
10:24  Mkbhd: charge another Tesla👍  Doug: Charge your washing machine 😂💀
What an ugly junk!
Usually people wrap their vehicles to change the color not to prevent it from rusting
How this was approved.
A windshield you can’t clean, exterior panels that maim, box truck visibility, completed distracted driving experience, pinewood derby exterior.  Perfect 👎
The ugliest thing I´ve  ever seen.
Anyone remember Spectre video game..?
Been waiting for this review for a while. ❤
No mention of rear wheel steering?
The company definitely owned by an apartheid supporting racist.
I cannot believe how this passed any regulations
it's astonishing how much Doug shills for Tesla xD
Nice to see u so happy driving it 😂
Looks every bit the post-apocalyptic abomination that Elon represents. Has the same aesthetic appeal as he does too.
I agree 100%:  It’s ugly  It’s iconic and cool
I don’t hate the Cybertruck but why did the Government allowed for this sharp design to pass. I remember the regulations about the sharp angles on pop-up head lights.
The Bauhaus School founders would have LOVED this truck. It's the epitome of Bauhaus design. I really like this truck.
Sorry dude, don't agree with you. It's FUGLY and electric. Hype won't last.
Just horrible.
What an absolute joke of a vehicle. Terrible in every way. Also, “wear” on outside panels? You mean rust? That’s not wear. That’s literally just because it got rained on.
Hilarious to me the only circular things on the truck, are the wheels and the turn buttons that have to be circular to function. 😂
But you said you would not record a cybertruck video 🫣🫣🫣
Every fan on this channel: "I've been looking forward to this"
@18:17 "Cypertruck podestrian issues".... with those sharp edges? It's a weapon.
Oversized battery box
Here's why you don't have turn-by-wire.  If the truck shuts down for any reason, you lose all steering.  Even in today's automobiles, if you lose power, you can still turn the vehicle (albeit it is harder to do).  Luxury vehicles would have already had this feature if they though it was safe.  Let's not even talk about the potential for a malfunction that could cause either no response of unexpected response.  And, before anyone says that you have these in airplanes with "fly-by-wire", keep in mind that planes have at least one to three redundancy systems that can take over if the primary computer that controls fly-by-wire malfunctions, thus reducing the chance that the plane crashes in an open field because the computer freaked out (at least commercial aircraft do).  Does the Cybertruck have a redundancy feature like that?  I hope so, because if it doesn't, that's a potential death trap.  Maybe that's why it doesn't have autopilot yet.
I just might have drawn that car when i was 3 years old.
“You know… what it is”
The great polygon has finally been conquered
*and here it is.*
Sorry to say, its not cool. Its a waste of money and not pratical at all, facts facts facts.
I really appreciate your doug score, but I feel like the Hummer EV should get a better weekend category score compared to a cyber truck because the Hummer EV will be a far more modern and cool-looking vehicle once the cyber truck becomes more of a common vehicle in the coming years.
Doug is the type of guy who thinks a Raptor owner is going to give two hoots about some electric car that gets the tech journos all giddy like little first graders.
The steering wheel is similar to F1 turning. So you never have to take your hand of the steering wheel
Pray this screen doesn't quit working
Calling Elon Musk insane is way below your standards.
love it!
Cool is completely subjective. People are losing it when seeing the CT is only because it is so ugly that people don't know how to react.   Again, subjectively, I can't stand CT's design language.
Totally looks like a kit car
THIS, is the PONTIAC AZTEC!!!
The front is curved
Yet pop up headlights are a danger to pedestrians 😑
"Truck stuff".  Totally agree. I know people who own Raptors, TRX, they never tow anything.
Cybertruck > basic gas trucks
And now, after finally having reviewed the Cybertruck, it's time to give Doug DeMuro a DougScore: 1. Starting with the weekend categories and styling, Doug looks fine, not beautiful, he gets a 5/10 2. Acceleration  is slow, I'm not sure how fast Doug does 0-60, but it's definitely over 10 seconds, which gives him a 1/10 3. Handling is ok, not spotscar level though, Doug gets a 4/10 4. Fun factor is good. Doug is pretty fun, he gets a 7/10 5. Cool factor is high, there is only one Doug DeMuro in the world, though I don't think he turns many heads because many people simply don't know who he is. Still, it's enough to give him an 8/10 for an overall weekend score of 25/50 6. Next up are daily categories and features, Doug is reasonably well equipped but still lacks some modern tech. He gets a 7/10 7.  Comfort is great and gets an 8/10 8. Quality is fine, but long term reliability might be an issue, he gets a 7/10 9. Practicality is normal for a guy like Doug, only two hands and no second row get him a 4/10 10. Finally, value, and this is a tough one. Doug is really cool,  but also quite expensive. He gets a 5/10 for an overall daily score of 31/50 Added up and the DougScore is...56/100. I have not reviewed any Dougs yet, but this is a high score and I'm thrilled to have been able to spend a day with him!
This is less a truck and more a rolling traffic hazard both in it's dumbass design and the dumbasses that would buy this. Remove the body, give it a regular Tesla looking station wagon body and they would have had something good.
how can it score only 6 points in quality when it`s basically bulletproof?
In cybertruck Russia, Lego brick steps on YOU
2004: Pop-up headlights are hazardous for pedestrians, let's ban it.  2024:
I just don't get why some people find this car SOOO COOL!  I mean besides the initial WOW factor of the exterior, there is nothing else I see after that.  I mean on every single picture of it you can see this weird yellowish shades all over it, and seems those are all finger prints.   And OK cool "I have this super futuristic cyberpunk truck, let me play with all the cool gadgets inside"  But there is literally nothing! just this huge tablet and a cheap rear view mirror but was interesting seeing Doug trying to find any "quirks and features" I think the super light supercars actually have more stuff inside.
Doug, you lost some credibility with this one...
My god, this car looks so cheap and unsafe.
Better late than never...
What family with kids is going to buy  this garbage ? Imagine your eight year old daughter pressing the frunk close button with something / someone in the way. Do not even think about the result
I don’t know what’s more cursed. This, the Hummer EV, or the OG Fiat Multipla  I just hope whatever Tesla does Toyota doesn’t follow along. Hypothetically electric cars should be more reliable, but I don’t want my last bastion of quality and reliability be tainted by panel gaps and plastic
This is really helpful. Now I went from hating it to hating it for a good reason
This car is not cool, it just totally stupid…😂
People go crazy when they see it because they can't believe someone bought this ugly thing.
I think its the ugliest thing in world I' wouldn't even call it a truck!
I respect Tesla for finally having a unique and interesting looking vehicle, (on the exterior at least,) but damn...those fingerprints on the door popper, goofy sun visor situation, and yet another cheap lazy dashboard with tacky tablet slapped on top.
It looks weird, and that's probably the best thing I can say about it. I just can't figure out in what scenario this would be a good choice. Do you need a truck? Most people who buy one don't actually need one, but for doing truck things, this is not a good choice. Do you need a large family car? There are so many better, not to mention safer, cars which are of better quality and cost way less. A sports car? This one is fast, but it's also incredibly large and heavy. There are better options. The only thing this car seems to be quite good at, is getting attention.  What this reminds me of is the auto industry equivalent of an autocrat vanity project, like some of the crazy projects you see in places like Dubai or Saudi Arabia. If an actual car designer at a car company came up with something like this, it would almost certainly be scrapped, or at the very least modified to the point where it started to make some sense. But if you have the backing of a leader with absolute power, who thinks himself the smartest person in the room at all times, ideas like these can become reality.  It will probably not make an appearance where I live though. I don't think this will pass European safety standards.
The most powerful and most expensive Battle Bot ever built!  But where is its's circular saw blade of death or massive crushing sledgehammer for those rush hour traffic altercations!
This car screams to be wrapped. Handprint + sharp edge issues solved!
You’re so enthusiastic and make every video exciting to watch. Thank you Doug 👍🏻
It's a monster DeLorean.
The doors look, like the owner used stainless steel polish a lot
The only thing that is curved is the wheel !, 😂
How does it steer if the power goes out? If it has a sudden loss while you're driving.
Tesla's design dept is just going to be a guy who starts GTA V, waits till the car models are 30% rendered, and then takes screenshots.
Shouldn't the tailgate have dual power actuators so the truck can pull 3-point equipment, like blades, mower decks, or backhoe scoops, and close the tailgate with loads under 500lb?
are ur losing your voice cause when u amuse yourself ,the voice goes into grandma pitch? lol
It really does make a statement. I don't know if I love it, but I do admire it
The ugliest car/truck ever developed, either in concept or production.
Looks like the cars I drew when I was 5
😂😂
Uglier than the Pacer, the Gremlin and the Smart car. I don't get why people take this truck seriously. I am sure people will look back at this monstrosity and laugh for years to come. Personally I would have rated it a 2
Most jack of trades vehicle ever.  Great Review.  Sadly it won't make it outside the USA without a redesign.
If I needed a coffin I could order one for much cheaper
My favourite part is the one where you double tap the window on the screen and Elon says a thing 22:07
Guess Doug is too old to do pulls now
I remember when it caught everyone off guard when it was first unveiled. Everyone was expecting a Model X with a truck bed, and then THIS drives onto the stage.
This... is one of Doug's longest videos! #fullofquirks
HES DONE IT !!!
Doug seriously needs to learn how to turn off auto focus. Dude, you've got nearly 5 million subscribers - hire a camera op!
If Space Invaders designed a truck, this would be it. Ugly AF!
The prototype actually looked cool this just looks….ahhh
There’s one available on cars and bids right now
Do you do comedy now, Doug? If so, you're off to a bad start. Elon Musk is an "insane person"? Based on...what?
Those A pillars are really scarey. I would never buy that car
Its only feature is rust! Rust box on wheels
a trunk, like the Honda truck...
looks like it was assembled in kindergarten. better shut lines on a 1960's Trabant
Can someone make it make sense why Tesla did not use the rearview mirror camera option like other vehicles on the market?
Babe wake up, Doug Demuro dropped a cybertruck review
Nice
So we wait four years and they find out that the wheel covers do not work. Comedy channel stuff.
If doug thinks its cool you know it isnt
Chevy Avalanche SS (not super sport but stainless steel lol)
Doug is the guy who thinks washing machines run on 240V.
Vasectomy
ugly af
My wife's boyfriend just bought a Cybertruck!
Poor, splotchy finish, dent in the hood. I've seen a number of YouTube fit and finish issues. (Abstaining from reviews where people try to tear it up off road.) Time will tell.
Fun fact, this will not get you any cool points in reality.
Toyota: *we finally designed the prius to be an attractive vehicle*  Tesla: *wait, wait, wait, we were supposed to make an attractive vehicle?*
Is Doug now on Elon Musk's pay role?
I just drove and reviewed one. It was amazing. Shockingly quick, and agile for such a big vehicle. https://youtu.be/1L6KotuhDnk?si=6KP-p_GbQqSxMNP-
I wouldn't call it a North American available car. You'd have to be pretty much an idiot to buy that in Canada. The untreated and uncovered steel would just rust away within a month.
What hyped car??? Ur right it’s made by an insane person who needs to be in a mental hospital and that is why we don’t care about what Elon does!! We don’t support people like him
The cyber truck looks like a 1980s movie interpretation of a futuristic vehicle. In other words it's ugly.. It's a giant toy for people who have the money to waste.
An insane person, how?
Oh look a Cyber………..wow look at the e34 5 series!!
I can't help but wonder how did no one at Tesla think about the wheel covers interfering with the tires until it was time to start delivering vehicles? For an engineer this should've been beyond obvious, considering tires bulge by design, and when you want to offroad properly you want to air down your tires and create an even bigger bulge to make use of those treads that spill down the sidewall... it's literally all in the engineering of a tire! Only way to remedy that and keep wheel covers that partially cover the tire is to have the wheel covers protrude and seemingly hover significantly far off of the wheel which will look silly, be vulnerable, and likely defeat the purpose of creating an aerodynamically efficient surface over the wheels.
19:23 Thank God for Federal Regulations.  Otherwise Musk wouldn’t give us a hazard ⚠️ button.  Europe is suing Tesla for the over reliance on the touchscreen.  There should be a small button on the steering wheel column, side view mirror/ door panel) and seats so that you can quickly toggle them for adjustment.  My 2024 Cadillac Lyriq has EVERY SINGLE FEATURE you’d expect from a car.  Minimalist interiors are really annoying.
I can see the headline now… Tesla recalls all cyber trucks after dog is killed by frunk.
Not watching. Huge fan, Doug, but Eff this review, though.
Nightmareish milk float
it look like when you have to turn your graphics down in your game to minimal settings
26:18 Nice tshirt rack Doug!
its the incel camino
„most hyped and anticipated car“ - it’s more a meme than anything else but ok
Re the dog image. The word you are looking for is "faceted", not "pixelated".
The more electric crap, the bigger headaches when it goes south.
Ummmmm, No... You can keep this!
Looks like an 8 bit chevy lumina van/truck....😕
ITS HEREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
FINALLY !
First few seconds.  With those tires, you would think the wheels would align with the tires.  See how the 7-mags ends are supposed to match up with those 7 "notches" on the tire.  The doors look damaged and misaligned.
I think Putin gave Musk that design idea. Proper Russian military prowess
This thing is not cool. It's ridiculous and I really don't know where all this hype comes from. But I may be in minority with my opinion.
Theres nothing else like this on the planet….. Thank God! This is by far, the ugliest vehicle ever designed. Makes an Edsel look pretty. This is what happens when you have a little China girl fresh out of origami class.
Would love to see the red E34 in a review
Finally
32:01 To the right of Doug’s head: a curve!
Did you forget it's got rear wheel steering? You keep talking about how nimble it is and attributing it to the sbw.
It looks like the pickup version of a DeLorean.  Will there be another Back to the Future?
In the driving  video at the end Doug appears to be like 3 ft tall inside driving the cyber truck
Never thought I’d see PS1 graphics in real life
The Cybertruck is the new ugly DeLorean for the new ugly Millennium.
Every time I see them roll around los angeles I just laugh at the morons who spent so much money on such an ugly monstrosity.
Doug the type of guy to hype a podcast no one will listen to 5 years too late
You're a legend. So glad your video before, worked 😉 "...from a company run by an insane person." As counter-intuitive as it sounds, that makes me trust your review even more.  No weird fanboys around here.
Doug the type of guy to review the cyber truck before the citreon DS
I noticed the front light bar moves up with the frunk, how does that apply to the legality of moving body work and, particularly, pop up headlights?
Most dislikes ive ever seen on a main doug review, people really hate this thing lol
If he says monolith one MORE TIME
a rolling piece of junk
Doug the type of guy to explain why he hasn’t reviewed something and then review it two weeks later
The design was made by a 6yo kid ............................
Hideous
🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮  Edit: I am a car guy. I love all different types. I love ugly old weird cars. I just hate everything about this. The hype, the press, the ethos, the "styling". It's just a big no.
when you let a 6 year old design a truck
Driving the most expensive refrigerator ever
Already watched Cybertruck reviews. Don’t know why I’m watching this one, probably because it’s Doug
@DougDeMuro im fairly certain that tesla programmed a variable ratio on the steering depending on your speed, its looser under 35 mph than over 35mph. so on the highway you dont need to turn far to steer either. ( a few other channels have pointed that out.) steering that truck should be way easier once you get acclimated to it.
People buying these are the same people drinking prime. They go with whatever the fad is. Imagine being happy you're saving the world but the mining for electric vehicles is worst for the world than any other type of mining.  Nuclear energy is the cleanest energy
There is nothing cool about this abomination called a car
Hope others copy the design, finally something unique and not overstyled.
Doug: "everyone who doesn't agree with me 100% of the time is insane." 🙄
If I ever own a Cybertruck, I’ll wrap it to make it look like a block of Swiss cheese… a very fast block of cheese
Dude, what a weird but awesome car..
Futuristic vehicle yet still uses its brake lights as the rear turn indicators.  Bruh.  When are automakers going to learn that amber rear turn indicators make more sense because it creates more distinction with the brakes.
the most hideous car ever made...worst then the pontiac aztek
Cmon doug, why did it get a 5 in handling, that seems awfully low for how transformative the steer by wire is. hagerty literally took it around a go kart track, no way it deserves a 5
I can’t wait for whistlin diesel to destroy one. For science purposes
The fit and finish doesn't look very good, the hood looks misaligned or poor fitting, the blind spot is extreme. The sharp angles do look dangerous. It's just a gimmick vehicle, can it tow ? It reminds me of the things i should never buy, like Trump shoes and Bibles 😅😅😅
Doug the type of guy to explain why he didn’t reviw a truck then review that truck 2 weeks later.
I can't believe I'm saying this. But looking at this atrocity makes me like the Rivian better. And I don't like electric vehicles.
It’s a show pony
Doug... no. Just plain awful i think you meant to write.
Id be afraid to leave it parked at the curb on dumpster pickup day😊
Sorry Doug but it simply is not COOL to own a car with sharp edges at the front - not if you are a pedestrian. And it is not COOL to have a frunk which can slice a carrot as seen on other videos. If you think that is COOL, you need a holiday.
You can tell the echo in the garage was messing with your speech. You got tongue tied a couple of times in there as your own words came back to you with a delay. Doing the whole thing outside would have been better I think, sound is arguably more important than video.
this car and anybody who actually buys one of these rolling safety hazards are the dumbest things on the planet
I can’t believe things Elon is getting away with… false advertisement, false claims, empty promises… I hope the Full self driving thing is coming before the Roadster, which been in production since 2018 now, according to Elons claims from back then…
DON'T DRIVE IT ON THE BEACH!   ( even though it is supposed to survive "the Apocalypse."  ) F u Elon.
I would like a roadster version of this design
Doug said cool 15 times starting at 32:34.      Twenty one cools in the entire video.
Asimov's Foundation?
hmmm......sounds like someone is on the Tesla payroll now.....🧐🧐🧐
Doug, heres a hint look at all welds on an exhaust or something and you’ll see where the font came from that cyber truck is written in
Don't they have pedestrian safety tests over there?
But is it cool? No. No its not.
24:44 Oh boy is that a nissan figaro on the left?
The new symbol of excess.
Doug why you say Tunnel like that lmao
I just jumped out of the bathtub, don’t want to watch it on a small screen of my mobile phone going straight in front of my flatscreen
Uuuuuuugly POS. Buy a Porsche 992 Turbo S.
People are complaining about the design, the taillight/brake light situation, sharp edges, blah blah blah. THIS is the United States of America, the greatest country in the world. In the past we have been building American cars based on American design language. Stuff was cool, stuff was unique, and stuff was usable. Now we have been constantly Euronized by our globalist "leaders" for decades now, and the USA becomes more and more like Europe. I hate it. Other countries used to look up to us, now they laugh at us. Let's be American again, let the builders build and the buyers buy.
id love to see a dc5 integra review and maybe a comparison to the dc2
Pure shyte
ANOTHER SICK JOKE, even more pathetic then electric cars, electric trucks for city-its.
Is the front corner specifically designed to invicerate pedestrians? - Just one reason why the rest of the sane world has banned this obcenity.
Vertically mounted meat slicers in the two corners that are most likely to hit pedestrians due to bad visibility? What could possibly go wrong?
My 2024 Cadillac Lyriq has a digital LCD display rear view mirror.  It’s about $200 an option.  There is NO REASON the Cybertruck should not have it.  They knew.  They ignored it.  You MUST drive with the tonneau cover closed to avoid losing range.   The rear view mirror should be standard.
6:49 - is it a Cybertruck or is it just a scalene triangle 🤔
Great video. Stupid truck
How does a "heinously ugly" car get a 5 for styling? Doug's been ragging on the Cybertruck styling for years. I'm suprised he didn't give it a 1.
I'm sorry but this car is the opposite of cool
How is this thing with such sharp edges even allowed to be built in today's time?!
This thing garners the same kind of attention that squatted trucks get. Lets get a doug score on one of those Doug
There is is bigger and dumber a monument to modern fascism than the Cybertruck
THISSS is hideous!
Rust and 100% serious damage if you TOUCH a pedestrian, sure its funny to look at.
Tesla Model J  https://youtu.be/fcU9uWdtGa8?si=sIG4YkiONAQjMjNT
Doug forgot to tell the rear wheels turn😅
The tunnel cover is great until a contractor throws a load of dirt or rocks. Or something in the back of the bed. And that gets into the track
Tesla had such an enormous opportunity to make a cool truck that doesn't look like every other pick-up, and they dropped the ball aesthetically. All they needed to do to make it look MILES better is make the top flatter so it doesn't have the atrocious front end. I'd still think it was ugly, but I wouldn't feel like I'm getting gaslit when people say it looks cool.
Try decaf.
I bought mine to be safe. As soon as they hit it with the hammer, I was all in.  I never been in a pickup truck before. I don't tow or haul anything. I see this as a large car.
Bro there is nothing cool about this pile of trash.
I love this thing. Not for everybody certainly and I wouldn't buy one. Couldn't afford one on my retirement income anyway. But it's full of innovative ideas, some great and some just weird. Besides, all of the conventional truck choices still remain including the used beater Ford stripped of options that I'd like to buy and own.
Oh doug. Oh god doug why
Haters listen up: 33:37 Aint nobody wanna hear you cry! 😂 Nice video Doug!!!
The cybertruck is cool….but have you checked the BTC price today?
Will this video break the record for video views on Doug's channel?
tbh, steer by wire is nothing new. my avensis t27 has it and its an ancient car.
I would definitely not trust Teslas Steer by wire…. Only Toyota has the reliability behind the brand to use it
13:13 is that M5 E34???
Thank You Doug!
Doug brother, the indoor reviews have got to go
That is the worst font.
What a beautiful BMW E34 back there.
Love the idea of the steer by wire. I want to try it myself.
When you see Doug excitedly flapping his arms that much you know it’s a good one 😅!
Soo cool
whatever
Let's see if he's selling it on "cars and bids" and if he's getting as much wrong as with his Model 3 Highland review.
crazy car
Doug I literally looked to see if you reviewed the cyber truck yesterday and low and behold you just posted an hour ago!
Early April's fool?
Its not what we think about it now but what future generations will think about it...
Not something I'd ever care to own, but its crazy how angry people get over this thing lol. Elon derangement syndrome is spreading
A channel so big, with an atrocious audio.   🙄🙄🙄
Can't believe Doug didn't wait a few days and drop this video at 12:01 AM on April 1st 2024
Biggest piece of junk ever made  nothing special about this so call automobile biggest lac of engineering and automotive art and science
looks ugly
if it was alot shorter, it would look much better. the back half is way too long, throws off the proportions
Integrating things in to wheel arches is just plain stupid
11:16 top tier acting skill by doug itself haha😆
The Cybertruck looks so cool!!!! I love the stainless! I can’t wait to buy one when they drop the price :D
what is the location of the third brake light when the tailgate is down?
I would prefer Rivian R1T over Cybertruck
In person, Cypertruck is smaller than expected! Thought it would be the size of F350 😂
Even bricks go electric nowadays 😮
What does happen when the corner hits a person?
Doug... the type of guy who thinks his washing machine requires a 220 outlet... LOL  It's for your dryer Doug not your washer!
No thanks, it looks like it was designed by a Tron movie fan.
You didn't mention the ability to shift the vehicle on the panel near the hazard button. There's a gear switch up there.
idk but doug the real beast in this video
Is Elon trying to make the cyber truck like dodge did with ram
Let’s be honest if it was some other cheap brand/maker  Not many would say it looks cool!
Wait, Doug got a cybertruck 🎉 on cars and bids!! Omw to buy it asap
How are pop-up headlights outlawed but driving around this human-sized meat slicer isn't?
ROFL. try driving that one when you live near the ocean....or better yet live in Hawaii. the rust you're going to see with saline humidity will be out of this world.
Looks like a 2 year old design this truck
All what I saw was like a big commercial…almost no drawbacks.
I believe he made it quirky so he could cut corners in other areas, to enable the Cybertruck to avoid direct comparisons to other trucks in the pricerange. Its obviously lower quality than many trucks today with much better interiors, fit, and finishes.
Calls it heinous(because it is, still gives it a 5 for styling.
But I should also say that i pulled off the highway, so the semi w cybetrucks would pass me again and i could take pics. :|
nice dent on the hood
Never realized how often Doug says "But!"
The DMC-12 DeLorean
Doug's the type of guy to review a "car" that was already heavily reviewed months ago. Great timing, Doug.
The review everyone was waiting for
It's 2024 and an auto maker can't figure out how to make a wheelcover not scrape the rubber tires? 😂! They can't even get fit and finish right. Look at how all the panels are misaligned. What a joke. It's not even a truck it's an EUV with a bed on it. Can't tow with it can't take it off road there's no headroom in the back. What's the point? 😂
The Cybertruck, ruining the reputation of EVs since 2019 😂
doug i have one maybbeee two reserved
It's so cool 4ton of green climate saving machine bro!!! Oeps just hit a Kia Picanto not looking good for those 3 people inside.......
Enough with the buts, already!
THISSS... is the dumbest car I've seen in a while.
"This is Just Plain Cool" - the most chill insult ive seen about this garbage truck so far. xd
I saw my first cybertruck on a truck carrying 4-5 cybertrucks and a model s or 3.  How cool am i?
I need to convince my chief to gett me a cybertruck police cruiser.
Please let poor Hoovie borrow it
I appreciate the full on office in an underground parking garage. Full on Wi-Fi hotspots. What in the heck is going on with cars and bids. 37mil and can’t buy some studio space?
Let's just skip April through Dougcember and give the Cybertruck the Doug Award for Review of the Year!
What happened to that super duper roadster they were supposed to build years ago?
With that kinda sharp exterior design it's a good thing they don't have self driving atleast for now,Imagine how much accidents will be happening in near future after enabling self drive on cyber trucks☠️.
Hidden quirk: When the doors are closed and front windows are rolled completely down, and you open the doors the window will raise about an inch to show off the silhouette of the truck.
If I see Doug driving this I'm gonna airdrop the entire Skibidi Toilet series to his tailgate and disable his brakes
Really Doug? Once I saw your rating of this truck after I viewed your video, you have lost all credibility with me.  If you are judging this vehicle just because you think it’s cool. While you rate it against all those other vehicles and you give it top score? How shallow are you??? I dare you to sell your Porsche and buy one… (I didn’t think so…)
F117 on wheels
incEl Camino
Who here waited for Doug to review the cybertruck. I waited for this review as the first people to have reviewed this truck were mostly tech channels who don’t cover cars tend to have a bias towards Tesla. It’s nice to see a fair review from someone who’s specially is cars.
Can't believe people are buying this ugly thing.
'FOUNDATION SERIES' = 'MARKET ADJUSTMENT'  Truly innovative marketing of price gouging while simultaneously marketing design and manufacturing techniques that allow them to be as cheap as possible.
Stop shilling cars and bids, sellout
Doug the type of guy to have a $1m supercar and no budget to hire an audio engineer.
For me, it's meeting my light duty truck needs, quicker than any gas truck, has amazing steering, gets incredible fuel efficiency, and has all of the Tesla virtues, best vehicle on the market currently.
Finally, a car as cool as Doug!
That “washing machine outlet” in the bed is a 220 outlet Doug, do you call a plumber or appliance guy when the lint screen needs to be emptied at your house ?
A front trunk cover that chops of your arm,,,,,great design,,,,,,way 2go,,,,,,,
The big dash is great for your cybercowboyhat
Has anyone seen how cool this looks in BLACK ?!
Minimalisms is opposite of design
‘Bout time
an $80k truck you cant even put a bicycle in
This is car is for nerds who want to feel like a man yet failed completely in emulating it. Only a complete moron would buy this.
Why is there no link to the new podcast in the description??
"A company run by an INSAAANE PERSON"  Let the church say  *Amen 😂
Why don't you review Sunlight
0:20  Doug, you are “INSANE”, too !  In a best way !  :-)
Doug repeating how the cybertruck is cool yet he was naysaying this vehicle for the past 4 years.
Finally!
Seen a bunch in LA recently - they certainly draw attention, but from arguably the worst people
2:20 outstanding precision in build 17:00 quality finishing  🤣🤣 I’m trolling but not really To me this truck is the Tesla equivalent to a Honda Ridgeline. Vastly different cars but cut from the same cloth.
Atlast you made an video
nearly as ugly on the outside as elon musk is on the inside
This truck is 1970s' futuristic !
If the cops give people a hard time about the dark window tint on cars what are they going to say when you block out the rear window all together. I understand the mirror is a  screen and you can still see but the police say they need to be able to see inside.
Stop doing reviews in this dark dungeon. Really not good. At least if you are going to get some proper lighting. Also nobody wants to see or hear from Keenan or Allanis.
I drew this back in elementary school on my notebook.
How many different ways can you pronounce "tonneau cover"?
Tesla is the best car company ever! No gas stations, No oil changes, No smog check, No corrupt dealership, No catalytic converter and as fast as a $650,000 Lamborghini
Correction Mr Demuro  Some people buys trucks  simply because they have small c@cks, not to be cool, I own a 2010 F150 and it is a workhorse, I haul and towed with my truck regularly.
Doug calling elon weird... That's rich.
What a stupid looking car.  Homer Simpson designed.
Looks like something to keep you're choc ices cold
Thhisssss is ***my*** new podcast. Congrats Doug!
The review that everyone needed
So this is what you get when you mix extreme bland and ugliness together.  Not a lot for the money, hard pass.
Doug makes one consider there might be a need for You Tube licensing!
Ah it's not really though is it . Its like a fridge with wheels
Sucks
Ty
love the caption thanks Doug, finally you got a CT on your auction site
Doug is the type of guy to wait for every other channel to review a Cybertruck before him
The Ineos is infinitely cooler.
How long until someone makes a fiberglass replica to go on a Ranger frame?
I’ll be honest, I’ve been looking forward to this for a while. But now I’m kind of done with the CT.
By 'insane', perhaps you mean 'stupid'?  A meme on wheels.
The cybertruck has a cool factor of 10, while the hummer ev that can drive side ways and the ford raptor r only has a 6?
I want to see a review of one of the going through a water over the door handles...
It comes from a company run by an insane African American white supremacist
Dear Lord... That truck is bigger and uglier than Dog's tongue...
May we get a video with less reverb ❤️ great work doug
We're still waiting, years later, for the rest of the truck to render.
So if the screen breaks you can't drive the truck?   I don't like that
Doug has soooo much dad energy it's actually insane!
I can stop looking at that gorgeous red E34
In this instance we have a very different idea of what is cool, Doug #toowrongdidnotwatch
they  solved the yolk hand over hand issue but added the second half to make it not a yolk 💀
😀It's the monolith from Space Odyssey! The result of Kubrick's monkey thinking😀
Definitely does not have 340 miles of range. It has been proven to be around 300 Doig
Finally Doug gets his hands on one! Been waiting for this review
Did anyone else notice Doug drove over fresh parking lot paint?
I watched this video and now the word "cool" has lost all meaning to me.
40 minutes watching Doug DeMuro pass so fast, that you don’t even have time to blink. Well done!! Best Cybertruck review ever!
With the new background and lighting I feel like  the Cyber Truck  was kidnapped and Doug is holding it hostage and he is making his ransom demands video.
Why are you always filming in the dark???????
i cannot believe people are willingly reviewing this hunk of metal. pathetic
Meme truck
Saw one on the streets of NYC last week. I was very biased, but in person, it is very, very impressive!!
Doug dunking on Elon every chance he gets 😂
Doug I hate you, you stole my girl:(
I am surprised Doug gets so much headroom!
Buddy nobody gives a damn about this thing. It's trash all the way around
Bizarre
A great vehicle missing common sense
I miss Doug’s tee shirts. The cars and bids uniform just isn’t the same. 😢
Will be interested to see the insurance costs for this. Any small fender bender will require panels replacement
Doug, is just as cool as the cybertruck!!
I can’t believe this day has come, from seeing this thing shown for the first time on stage waiting through to the long hiatus and watching Doug review the Cybertruck is something that I’ve waited for what feels like a long time
Doug I really like your content, but still blowing sugar into Adolf Musk's buttom? I don't get it.
It looks perpetually dirty.
What makes Elon insane Doug? Would love to hear you elaborate on that. Way to keep politics out of it ya knuckle head
I with I could blow a hundred grand to look cool for six months until these become commonplace on the road. 🙄
Insane as in someone in an insane asylum designed it and buys it
Personally, I like the styling of the Cybertruck and hate the styling of the traditional pickups.  Why does everyone of them want to have their hood look like a Peterbilt?  The high hood line creates such a huge dead zone in front they regularly run over other cars to their right because they can't see them.  There has literally been no development on the pickup design in the last 30 years.
It’s the caprice Ppv in the garage
It’s plain hideous
I havent seen anyone else point out the "Foundation" logo, thanks!
you will get the highest views on this mr doug.
gotta be the most extra and pointless vehicle ever made 😂
Tows a small boat get three
Washing machine uses 110v, so you could run your washing machine AND your Dryer, if it used a nema 14-50 plug.  Many don't though.
I had no idea it was so massive until I saw Doug standing behind it.  It dwarfs Doug which is not normal. I do think there are safety issues.  The frunk is going to hurt someone.  Pedestrians are going to get filleted.   But it is a cool toy for rich folks. For a big honking vehicle, I like the new Hummer.
Doug, the type of guy to review cars in his basement.
Looks like the passenger side doors are starting to rust already
The king of corky reviews reviewing the modern king of automotive corks. That's a must view thing!😎
"But then again."
Lol he got so much negative backlash from his video about why he's not reviewing it he's been shamed into reviewing it even though he can't sell it on his website yet
Hate from Australia.
Fun Fact: EVs have no soul.
my bmw e60 steering does that...half turn and its fully locked
Its like a home made car
It looks cheaply built and designed
Every time I see a cyber truck I stare at it and say “wow that’s one ugly truck”, I think people get confused that we think it’s cool.
This truck is for rich men who want to feel safer by driving a big heavy car like their wives (but are too afraid to be seen as girly for driving an suv) and also want other people think they're cool.
It's big, heavy, unsafe, expensive, and FULL of quirksandfeatures..... GOT IT! 😂
CUT OFF!?!
Junk
It's also reported to have a super quiet ride and an amazing sound system.
Death trap
Doug is anti-Elon? Doug = liberal confirmed??
The texture is still loading
I'm a jeeper and was on a trip with friends on the Mojave Rd and a Raptor and new JL jeep came up a trail we were hanging out at.  We were all excited to see the new wrangler (this was in 2018) and the Raptor guy's feelings were hurt we weren't interested in his truck.  He said something about how we were excited about the stock jeep and not his raptor (it was in good jest and fun).
8:52 wake up babe a new Doug DeMuroism just dropped.
sun visor sam as citroën c4 Space tourer
@35:43 did anyone else notice how the Cyber truck makes people take a second look at it😂😂 on the bridge..that's how eye catching this truck really is🤷🏽‍♂️🤷🏽‍♂️
Tesla needs to offer the South Park Canadian square wheel option
27:00 very menacing
The Ford Mustang Mach-e has a door mechanism so that you don't smash your fingers, does the cybertruck also has said mechanism or not? Also does the Frunk doesn't stop closing if it detects that something is in it's way?
Suntukan tayo doug
i love how the rims and tires are designed to align and form a cool shape but they are only aligned on a single one
Hey Doug not sure if that was some kind of political jab but I think I speak for many when I say calling Elon insane was uncalled for. Much nicer ways you could describe him.
In the video it looks like quality  control needs some improvement for example the door gasket adrift next to the cyber truck plaque
The Cybertruck is probably best described as a pickup truck for Tesla enthusiasts.
Surprised you didn't the 48 volt electrical system. That might be the biggest impact on the automotive industry! Jason Cammisa has a great video on it that really goes into depth on that. I wouldn't expect a deep dive on that from Doug, that's not a dig at all, but thought you'd mention it. Great video! If I didn't need a truck for actual truck things, I drive a 1 ton dually to tow and haul a lot, I'd think about getting one of these!!
It's giving me the "Low Res Car" vibe. The designers of the Low Res Car should probably sue for having their design copied.
Doug the type of guy to suck up to Elon musk just so he could get noticed
The Cyberbeast is the new DougScore Champion.  The non-cyberbeast gets a 73 but with the Cyberbeast getting under 3 seconds for acceleration it get +2 points.   So a 75 will takes the Crown as the highest DougScore  It will most likely go up when the non-Foundation series goes to the normal price. So could get improved value another point or 2.   Eventually will have a 77+ DougScore
This is not a tesla its a cybertruck. It is its own thing
The actual theme of the interior is “cost cutting”…  Those wheel nut covers are aftermarket. Tesla doesn’t provide any and they’ll rust pretty fast.   Worst than the panel gaps are the misaligned panels.   And no, this is not an “exoskeleton”. It was supposed to be but it just isn’t   All the best to everyone
Tesla Cybertruck 😍😍
the windshield wiper placement is hilarious, but overall this piece of steel with batteries has caught my attention lol
There's many bad design choices with this car that it makes me think we're not dealing with a genius here.  There are concept cars for car shows that were more polished and better though through than this thing.
It looks like my trailer.
if i could, i would still get a TRX
been waiting for this one Doug!!
Can't even watch this.  This vehicle is gay as fudge.
nothing cool....
Terrible car! Minimalism is boring. Straight lines are ugly. Musk is an idiot. It looks like a overpriced refrigerator on wheels. In 5 years they will be selling used for 15k and no one will want it even at that  price.
I love how divisive it is. Also, I wouldn't call it "futuristic", I'd call it "retro-futuristic". It's definitely rocking an schlocky 80's sci-fi vehicle vibe. The steel reminds me of a Back to the Future DeLorean and the styling reminds me of something from Timecop or The Last Starfighter.
THIS... review is incredibly biased. Doug admitted that this channel is basically just a promotional pipeline for Cars & Bids. Why would he honestly review a car he's incentivized to hype up?
Well, a real cat person wouldn't be caught dead in one. What A Clown Car 🙂
Thanks Doug for shouting out my not real high school band "Collapsed Hexagon"!
Doug talks about people going insane as he drives the Cybertruck around. Are they going insane for the truck? Or because Doug DeMuro is driving it?😅
This truck looks so freaking awesome from the side!
Worst "car" ever made.
This is going to kill people in crashes.
Elon said this car is $39k for the single motor. Where do I send my check?
Now the Cybertruck will be featured on a Back to the Past movie
Another toy for the rich and famous. I guess the term 'truck' in this case is just a name and not a real category. I don't see a contractor wanting one. 😀
Look how awful all the body panels line up on the front fender and especially the 2 body lines on the door. Blemishes all over the panels and absolutely covered top to bottom in scratches. The sun visor letting more sun in than it blocks is a great touch as well lol.
It doesn’t look nearly as good without the wheel covers. Tesla needs to figure that out quick.
Surprised you didn't mention the build quality
The fact that in 20 years I will be seeing lots of these aberrations of trucks, product of an eccentric disgusting billionaire everywhere, terrifies me.   Pleas people, dont buy it. It's ugly unpractical and overpriced
The rest of the world: "I can't wait to see a CyberTruck!" Me: "I can't wait to see a Cybertruck destroyed on WhamBam!"
I never understood people liking this design. Just because it’s different doesn’t mean it’s better
trucks aren't cool in general sorry doug
If the Lumnia Mini Van (APV) Was a Truck !!!!!
Why does doug wear 2 shirts? Please explain
Dougs the kinda guy to review a vehicle he said he wasn't going to review.
THISss... came out a bit late, but was still needed 😊
Boy that's ugly...🤔...thank god us in the UK aren't getting this 👏
Amazing 👏
Ok they got me, the easter egg on the computer screen tapping the windows referring to their reveal conference gaffe was kinda charming to see. But being Tesla, not sure if they are showing humility or think they are edgey memelords,  probably the latter.
That red E30....
Paraiba tourmaline eyes
This! is the cyber rust It is the most overhyped pile of garbage human kind has ever seen from the car world *cue intro*
I can't believe it's not the Cyberbeast
I don’t think the cyber truck out stages everything with the other trucks. Maybe the looks and that’s about it. You said it yourself that people are pretty much buying it for the looks but it won’t perform like the regular trucks.
It's Dung calling side mirrors "a rare view mirror"
Wow most expensive stainless steel appliances on wheels 😅
This is a money grab buy a first person mover advantage brand that will not last
Front trunk will not close on you. There are videos of people getting in the trunk and closing it on themselves. It gently notices something obstructing, makes a bong sound and goes back up. Thanks for spreading fear.
The Cybertruck isn't cool though? It's funny, to be sure, hilarious honestly. But it's not cool in my honest opinion. It's got no utility, it's overweight, too expensive, and doesn't include many of the "Innovations" Elon said it would have. Not to mention the fact that it looks like my four year old nephew drew it. It's just silly. It's only "cool" thing is everywhere you go, people WILL look at you. And everywhere you go you can make carrot salad I guess too, but mostly the attention thing. And that just isn't worth the price tag. It can't even meet Tesla's stated range figure on their website in real world testing with altitude advantage, it just seems like the kind of thing that if ANYONE else did it, would be proclaimed a flop, but since *Tesla* did it, it's just quirky and neat instead
2:09 sorry pedestrians, you might get cut on the car and maybe even die, but that’s your fault for not driving.  Seriously, this car should be illegal.
Doesn't the 4 wheel steer add to the ability to tighten up the turn of the wheel?
When Marques does better car reviews than you. What are you actual thoughts from someone who has been in the industry for years? telling me RAM owners are jealous means nothing to me.
quarks and features
I still to this day think this is the ugliest “truck” on the planet..
Here before 40k views…
I liked how the badging works
'Cool' wears off very quickly. In 5 years time it will be considered the silly excess it is.
It's worth noting, the Cybertuck is lighter than its competition (Rivian R1T and F150 Lightning)
WHAT A PIECE OF JUNK.
Matt Farah’s head upon reading the title: 💥
No it's not.
Man, that cyber truck is gynormous. We know how small the size of rc cars is in relative to humans,, now the difference is reversed.
Doug is the kind of guy who drives a refrigerator to the corner store to get a slurpy...
I don't know why people like this. It looks like some high-school students made it in shop class.
The review we've been waiting on
Tesla put the shifter into the screen? Because that's never failed in a car before, right? Nothing like losing the ability to shift your car into drive if the screen goes out.
I don't like it 👍
This is the Tesla Cybertruck… I laughed and said yes Doug I know, have seen all the other reviews but it’s not official till Doug does his review!
The most ugliest car on the channel yet! even the Aztek or Multipla has more character and style XD
Stop using words which try and elicit fear… that’s a d bag move !
Too many problems with the Cybertruck for me to take it seriously.  It’s laughable you don’t have wheel covers.  The RUST was a deal killer.
LONNNNNG OVERDUE
it’s great to see something so unconventional and new and cool in the car industry, like he said, the people who hate this are raptor glazers😂 easily the only truck i would purchase (maybe a trx for the engine)
This being street legal... US "safety" regulations are really something else
The "in your car..." bits are the best🤣
'Insane' is an offensive term when people have mental health challenges
Hit a deer with this thing it'll already be cut up and ready for packaging.
Here before this becomes the most watched Doug's review
This truck was made specifically for Doug
For everyone wondering why this video did not come up sooner: Doug has been recovering from a vasectomy
Doug is the type of guy to call the Cybertruck "heinously ugly", and he'd be right.
So sharp, Doug. Careful. You could puncture the hull of an empire-class Fire Nation battleship, leaving thousands to drown at sea, because it's so sharp
A little hypocritical for a guy who owns a Countach joke a vehicle with angular body panels.
Nah the most anticipated car of the decade was the new supra but it was a biiig letdown
Super cool... CEO super problematic. Ruins the product. Like buying a Bible from trump.
Reminds me of the cars in that late 80’s Atari arcade sit down game.
It's only upstaging the raptor because of how niche it is at the current moment. That won't last. These will be as common as seeing a model x or y one day.
I got to see one in Houston. The thing is insane and drew so much attention. I love it.
That e34 though...
Doug's the kind of guy that says "Tah-No cover"
Does anybody else think Skynet designed this thing?
How much were you paid? It has a gajillion flaws and you gave it a 10 in cool factor lmao, in what world is this cool, perhaps if you have a humiliation fetish this is the car for you
Dryers use 220 outlet not washing machines.
Interesting engineering, obnoxiously contrarian design.
Always assumed that Doug had a podcast since the pandemic
Thank heavens we're not getting this stupid machine in Europe. Love Doug's reviews but this one really needed to ask more questions
It looks like someone gave a toddler a giant block of clay and dull plastic knife, telling the  that child “Here you go. Have at it”, resulting in this hideous monstrosity that also happens to look like a suppository.
I'm surprised this review was brought to us by "Cars & Bids"
Finally! I've been so excited to see your review since the launch of this beast
"because it's cool". kind of expected more from Doug to be honest
I live in Miami and drove up 4.5 hours to central Florida 3 days ago to visit my mom.   I was behind one of these for like 2 hours.   Idk how I feel about it but definitely different and stuck out from the rest
Love it!
One of the ugliest things I have ever seen in my life.
I want Doug Demilo to park that big cyber truck right in this little garage 🤤
Technically a stove outlet in the bed, not washing machine
It looks like something  Dire Straits  would use to move these refrigerators, and color TVs
I’ve avoided other reviews of this car waiting for dougs
Ugly, expensive, all electric. No thanks.
Please review the Ferrari Purosangue ...if you can ..thank you
Doug, the kind of guy to review a truck that hasn't been designed yet.....oh, wait.....
Striking? Yes. Cool? Lol hell no.
I'm just waiting for 10 years time when everybody is reselling these and half of the quirks and features don't work anymore because they rely on electronic components that will probably break
2:07 So this truck can have very sharp edges and probably hurt you very bad but we cannot have pop up headlights  due to potential safety issues, bureaucracy at it's finest 🤣
This truck is overrated garbage and unsafe af  Plus modern cars are pretty ugly and this really takes the cake
This is a very ugly vehicle , so I don't think I'll be racing down to the dealership anytime soon .
Those tires not being lined up with the spokes of the wheels would drive me insane.
ITS FINALLY HERE!!
A triangulated dog.
"Just plain cool', more like just plain ugly.
That thing is hideous 😂
10 for cool factor eh? Mmmmmhmmmm. Douche factor maybe
0:11 „It looks absolutely insane." Yes, that's right. Sanity was absolutely absent when the look of this car was designed.
No radio???
I saw one the other day here in Orlando. I thought it was ugly in person honestly but love Musk trying different things.
Doug the type of guy to tell you not to unironically put your arm in an automatically closing trunk
Claim your "Here before 1 million views" ticket: 👇
would be nice for camping, I think. you lay in the bed and then close the cover
Cybertruck sucks
Car wrapper's ideal vehicle.
😳All this from the guy who said something to the effect, this was a bad idea and it shouldn’t be built.  He was so bitter about this truck the first video he spoke at length about it.  Looks like he’s coming around kinda😜 Good video 😬
He calls Elon M. insane. Hopefully he has already returned the Cybertruck to its owner or to Tesla when this review airs. We don't want Doug driving over a cliff because of a "technical defect"....
Been waiting for this for a while
Why is he introducing the car while being behind it at the intro?
And it's on cars and bids for 122k so far
I'm most definitely not buying this crock. It's an absolutely awful car and does ten times the damage as an average ice car. Mr Musk is laughing in his millionaire mannsion. Back hander comes to mind!
Just Comment Elon. We know you watched the video.
So this is basically made to be a museum piece IMO.
Please dont review cars in the basement. Outside shots are far better.
John DeLorean would be proud of this truck.
Stupid car , rusting and finger prints need to clean all the time i know i don’t have the money to buy it but if I have money i will not buy a Tesla i will buy something else.
LOL at the G63 getting 8/10 styling while being an actual box but the CT only gets 5/10 🤣
It's not cool, it's a disgrace to the Automotive industry.  At least we can spot dbags a mile away now though.
Let’s see the bias come out
When they kill someone at 10Kph it's not cool.  Elon isn't cool.
11:30 You need to first press 'A' to jump into the bed, THEN press 'X' to open the trunk. It's how Elon pictured it in his head.
This truck is like an answer to a question no one asked. I hate it.
Late to the game with this review
oh boy
I don’t think the CyberTruck will ever pass in some countries due to terrible pedestrian safety
Everything he said about Raptor owners is just soo true
What an overrated, overpriced joke. Probably the ugliest, gimmicky sucker magnet the automotive industry has ever been inflicted with. The only thing innovative about this thing is how it will separate its owners from their money.
About damn time.
Naa.  To each their own, but the cool factor seems hard to justify. Half of people will think you're a Musk fanboy Nazi apologist that blew $100k on something that's going to rust out in two years. The other half are Musk fanboys themselves. Value score is also obviously way too high give Tesla's horrible record on resale value. Though if you're going by current I suppose immediately being able to flip it for several thousand more than you bought it for does in fact, give it value. Assuming you can and not get sued or whatever is it they're threatening.
26:50 seriously this is a NO GO! you can easily ruin your whole life or kill your kids and others. without protection system this MUST be illegal. otherwise... no hate here. love musk how he creates stuff no other human would even think about it. also love the car design :) the only issue... the build quality in general and body gaps for example, are really baaaad and nowhere close to german quality. Hopefully it will improve in future...
Its cool until you drive it in snow and you are stuck while Jeeps and Subaru's pass you by.....  Ill pass on this junk
I don't wanna drive this kind of vehicle. Unintuitive. Unsafe. Impractical.
Αt last🤗
HERE WE GO
At long last, a Doug review of the Cybertruck! The breaking of the glass as an Easter egg! I can honestly say this as I come from the UK, this'll never comply with UK car laws! Just a look from the lawmakers here would deem it undriveable! But man, it's so UNCOOL! Sorry Doug, and the rest of you but it is!
outside looks better.
more car spotting!
it looks like the " futuristic " vehicles in 1982 Blade Runner or 1990 Total Recall .
You take so much time to create videos these days when new cars come out, by the time you upload your review I’d already watched it on either throttle house or another YouTuber lol.  Great reviews anyways !
What in the Cyber F**k is this?
I don’t find the truck ugly at all.  It’s not that different from a Lamborghini Countach.  It’s a big wedge. My only dislike is the wheel arches. Round would have looked much better.
I've seen two of these in the wild in the SF Bay Area and all i can say is:  Whatever the hell it is, it's hideous. In a potentially charming way, like an ugly but well meaning dog. Except you know the owner is the type of guy to worship Tickle-Me-Elon.
if i had to watch the ads, i'd never watch this..
kindergarten me would be proud to see my design in production
its just ugly...
Ugly lots seem hate it all hype 🎉
@Doug Demuro ive been waiting for your CyberTruck review my entire live... All im waiting for now is for you to review the Indian Built "Bajaj Qute" because i know you love cool weird stuff... im still addicted to your review about the Fiat multipla😂😂😂.. Keep Up the goood work. All the way here From South Africa 🌍
"It weighs in at 6900 pounds, which is fairly significant....and fairly nice."
❤ Toyota GR Corolla ❤️
Hype truck...
I think it was designed to be driven on Mars, the place I can’t wait for elon dbag musk to move to to..
Doug, the type of guy to bring his washing machine along with him on a camping trip.
"Your arm will be cut off" - Doug I knew he was hiding his violent nature.
Saying this cooler than a Raptor R... Yah lost me there😂
THIS broke the mould and Doug is here for it.
Been waiting for this since the Cybertruck was announced!
It will never come to Europe because of the pedestrian safety, which this truck clearly lacks
The review I was waiting for!
He mentioned that most truck owners don’t use their truck as a truck. He lives in Southern California. That should be all I have to say. If you go anywhere else in the country, you will find people using their truck as a truck.
Finally! took you some time Doug!
I think I'd rather buy 3-4 Renault 5 ev XD (someone at Nissan or Mitsubishi bring that to the US! I know I know unlikely)
This car won't get off a production line in Europe
cool video. cool to look at and find out all of its features but its ugly. not for me but hey its different.
$80k+ for a truck u can’t even fit a bicycle in
Electronic controlled steering very stupid if it stops working you will crash 😆
It's overall appearance is too over-the-top for me. I very much like the Model S Plaid and new Roadster, though.
the tapping the glass trick is so funny
So basically it’s just a meme vehicle….
That looks plain horrendous lol
Doug literally insane for saying Elon is insane.
Boring
Just remember when driving one of those, most of people are thinking of you as the dumbest person in the world 😂 that’s just my opinion.
Okay, but how do you put it in neutral?
I actually drew this when I was in the 2nd grade 😂
There's a reason there's nothing else like it.  I mean, look at it... 🤮
Lol, bro , you suck!
worst brake light design in history.
I accidentally built a cybertruck in 20 minutes for my 4 year old out of cardboard. In 20 minutes.  I find it amazing that the USA, made European vehicles look horrendous with extendered bumpers... This should require a massive printed requirement on the front saying "AVOID CONTACT WIITH SKIN"... but Tesla is boring, regardless of how "amazing" people think they are. They're boring this car even my kindergarten teacher agreed that I accidentally made a Cybertruck for their school project. I had less than a days notice.  I'm not against EV's, I drive one for the school run, but Tesla is ridiculous.  They'll get enough hype, to have the infrastructure for charging and then the cars will disappear.  Within the next decade...but at least the new Cybertruck is completely safe for a bouncy ball...Tesla is a crap company and I'm perfectly happy with a nearly  3 year old Kona EV....the kids run to school is great. The Turbo Diesel is great when requiring hiĺls, turns with the low down torque....(when you want to be able to not wait for nearly an entire day to charge the thing) and a beautifully smooth straight six when you want to be able to go into the wilderness....previously. Teslas are an iPhone.  I'd love to see what happens when you end up flooding your offroader...I might be an idiot but at least I used my Xj, 105 Landcruiser and Prado...Elon should go and put a goose up his rear end. I'd like to know what happens after getting the Cybertruck up to it's door handles in mud and see if it survives.  Tesla is rubbish. Thats why the Kona has been great for over 3 years.  I wouldn't buy an EV so no it was an inheritance. It's great in peak hour.  But at least the Cybertruck will only be legal to kill people immediately immediately. Elon is clearly trying to beat mass shootings...
Doug throwing shade at Raptor owners 🤣
Sorry Doug, but Tesla left you guys to come to Texas, a better state :P
You  wouldn't want to get hit by one. Doesn't look like they gave much thought to pedestrians. Not an issue in California perhaps but in the UK and EU...
I remember using this truck playing Club Drive on Atari Jaguar.
The Tesla model S plaid is 4th on the Doug score standings, below hummer and Rivian, despite having a score of 73.
So now how about a review of this clunker as a work truck?
LETS GOOO!!!
A car built by a company run by a christofascist neo-nazi. No thanks.
Its not cool doug, its rather crap.
I think this is the dumbest vehicle ever   It's just not practical in any way.  Also it's as ugly as can be.  No wonder I haven't seen one on the road.
Is this the same one that got up to 158k on cars & bids and still didn't meet reserve?
🤮
No it's not cool Doug stop
Best feature:  front trunk doubling as a guillotine
You're probably the last autovlogger to review this, and you know what? I waited until your review to watch a single one of them. Yep, that's right daddy Doug
will it be a flop like the pontiac-aztek ?
Shonky.
The review I've been waiting for
Finally!
Can't you lower the rear of the truck for easy bed-loading (thus alleviating the need for a step?)
It was pretty much the most hyped car of the last decade as well 😂
So happy these aren't allowed in the EU
Is not brutal , this is st*pid and dangerous. Thx Elon and customers for this nice crazy but st*pid car
About time! I wish Doug would talk about the Cybertruck that didn’t sell on cars and bids
I really believe this will fail hard.
Your best review yet - outstanding job here!
This is gonna be the new surgeon's favourite!
I am interested to see how Tesla gets the arm amputating frunk past EU regulators ... (31:23)
The car is so ugly that even Elon was ashamed to put a Tesla logo on it
Something in me is convinced Elon watched the Fast and Furious 5 chase scene where they're dragging a vault through a city, and thought "that would be so much more efficient if the vault had wheels", and that's how the idea for the Cybertruck spawned
and this  and this and this and this...WIELKIE GÓWNO TESLA ewetywhere on The World..Czekam na Lamborghini SVJ .... albo this - Tico.
Everyone: look at all these serious hazards to pedestrians and other drivers that should be or probably are illegal  Doug: Q U I R K S  A N D  F E A T U R E S
doug pls film outdoors
Can’t wait to get mine!
👍🏼
To me this truck is the least cool thing ever. Designed for tech nerds to feel masculine in.
What is this monolith everyone's talking about?
FINALLY... The Cybertruck review we've all been waiting for 🎉🎉🎉
"A company run by an insane person"
i think it’s pretty cool. i’d buy one if it had a toyota v6.
Cyber rust bucket
Officially, the worst car of the new era.
It's awful.
Of course he likes it....
Doug the type of guy to love angles
Doug the type of guy to drop a vid explaining how he doesn’t want to review a fridge then drops a fridge review
THIS is the Cybertruck review we have all been waiting for
Finally
Looking forward to the updated versions they will make
This is definitely one of those "Lets make it look as stupid as possible and see if people buy it." kind of things that Tesla decided to do.
The "appliance outlet" is a common size for welders. They were trying to design it for work. I'm not a fan of the vehicle, but some of the engineering is good.
Good to know that car score determined by how much people look at you. I guess the old Nissan in my neighborhood that a crazy person covered in astroturf and troll dolls gets a 100/100 dougscore
I’ve never hated a vehicle so much in my life.
GOD BLESS AMERICA 🇺🇸
This thing looks like a modern day Chevrolet Avalanche!😅
soft close tail gate??  sounds like a 4500$ repair after the first season of being on a construction site.
Your liberal girlfriend’s pod cast is weak.   Insane?   Elon?   No, you mean he disagrees with libs suck as yourself.
After Doug's review, I'm convinced the Cybertruck is not just a vehicle; it's a multifunctional tool. It's a refrigerator with better 0-60 times, a carrot peeler that can potentially save or end lives (depending on pedestrian encounters), and the only car that could possibly make a cameo in a Simpsons episode about futuristic designs gone wild.
Great, we finally have a new DeLorean. 😂I can't even imagine the horror of owning this thing out of warranty given the general quality of automotive parts these days.
Superb review!
The Cybertruck looks like it was designed by a 3-year-old with interlocking plastic bricks from Dollar Tree.
doug the type of guy to review mansions and luxury hotels for a short period
Those panel gaps are awful
Doug is the type of guy that votes for Joe Biden
Incel Camino.
I want the guy who wears two t shirts at the same time to tell me whats cool 😂
So Figaro and E34 next
27:02 "Don't stick your arm in there, it will be... Cut off.." This truck is insane
This thing isn't even allowed in the EU, and for good reason.
Poor visibility? Polarizing design? Lack of features? Serious risk of taking off your kids arm? They’ll sell a million of them.
The PT Cruiser of today.
It's a Tesla. Enough said.
That tray cover should've been covered in solar panels.
Who else wanted a Gwagon before THISSSSSS was invented🤓 5:31
After watching this, I am absolutely convinced that this is the worlds most expensive practical joke.
Doug the kinda guy who got the mf conference room in his underground garage
Looks like the dustbuster mini-van design from the 90's.
Did he just call Elon Musk "an insane person"?
disaster on 4 wheels
Looks like the latest "Must Have" for rappers
It looks absolutely as an unfinished project, so many things wrong and bad made... but it`s cool !
Made it Texas, that’s where they should make all pickups.
One of the ugliest cars ever made.
I heard these were bulletproof. Could you test that quirk, Doug?
FINALLY
“They’re buying them to be cool” But they aren’t cool. They’re so damn stupid.
Good gracious that thing looks goofy. More angles than Kurt...
Imagine being hit by a cybertruck as a pedestrian, it's so over
Doug is the kind of guy to review the cybertruck 3 months after everyone else and still manage to make the review more comprehensive and interesting than most 😂.
Screen shifting for parallel parking sounds awful
Doug's take on the essential irrelevance of things like towing capacity for trucks like this, Raptors, TRXs etc. is the right one.
Not me patiently waiting for DOUG’s opinion on this brutal rocket🫶🏼
The truck bed drawback made me a little miffed. Can’t lie.
It finally happened
Doug is the type of guy to explain how a trunk works 26:17
THISssss……is a very stupid appliance.
The profile looks like something you draw on your computer in the 80s.   As for the mono wiper, Mercedes did that 30+ years ago.
Elon got the design idea from the movie Upgrade
30:20. About the price ? Dind't it just increas with inflation ? 4 Years ? 8% Every Year ? Aren't they kind of spot on with the price ?
Am I the only one that's more interested in the red BMW E34 in the background? What a beauty!
And as a bonus it's tax deductible thanks to the bed hahaha
What an absolute piece of crap.
It's so so so so ugly
R1T isn't quicker though
One of the dumbest, ugliest and most unnecessary vehicles ever made. It's repulsive.
I like the cybertruck. It must be the 80s nostalgia vibe it gives off. Ive seen 3 on the road so far. Saw one yesterday! I actually laughed when i first saw one. it made my day haha
I guess, to each their own. Like, the Pagani looks like lips botox for years now.
Doug, we love you Doug
Great review. I hated the idea of the Cybertruck but I'm somehow convinced. But I still can't stand Elon.
Nice to have someone other than a middle aged woman going "OmG iT lOoKs So WeIrD tEeHeE sAvE tHe EnViRoNmEnT!🤪🤪" talking about the cybertruck
OMGOMGOMG
ah yes the whirlpool G.E  3000 master series cybertruck
one of the worst truck ever
The fact this car is so WRAPPABLE is one of its bonuses. Like feel like a new car, Wrap it, and all the hard angles let you have so many options for artistic wraps.
The Tesla's fridge shaped truck scam.
Musk is not insane. He is based African-American and some people just don't like it I guess.
Elon Musk described as insane?  That point of view is insane.
Free speech is not insane.
ahhh yes so cool..
Autofocus Pulsation INSANITY!
Holy moly, this thing is WAY larger than I thought that it was!
I think you mean clothes dryer not washing machine
Your refrigerator can power your washing machine. What a time to be alive.
I don't even care about the Cybertruck, but seeing Doug take us through it makes me want to watch it all 😂  I'm glad that you finally got one on sale Doug!
Idiotic, impractical, polluting and can probably only be produced and sold in the homeland of fools..
Teslas in cold snowy climates are already a problem. I can’t imagine what the cybertruck would be like. Can the rear bed cover handle weight of snow? If the ‘door handle’ is covered by ice and snow , will that be a problem too? I’m guessing it will be
Jeez, the decision to make everything a polygonal design was too expensive for a bespoke button but a 4' wiper arm that only one manufacturer provides, that only shows increased aerodynamic properties in a wind tunnel and in math (which hey, it's factual but the actual increase isn't much) is more cost effective 😁 🤦 It seems every auto manufacturer wants to save themselves 4 dollars but doesn't wanna save us 2. We gotta stop buying some of these things or it's gonna get worse for us as consumers. And it's already a pretty sad situation. Also, dlc for a vehicle is a pretty sly trick. How long til i have to pay elin for access to the network his vehicles run on, then add fees for the next "season" of features and alleged upgrades, then the service fee to take it to a physical location to have it calibrated. Seems like theyre going the way of the video game and adopting that predatory business model...
No, this is just plain dumb
Sooooo you’re able to sell this car in cars and bids?
There is absolutely no way this is allowed in Europe.
Finally!!! The Cyber-Day Is Here...
This vehicle is a Trojan horse, just wait until Musk is no longer the CEO of Tesla but rather in the hands on a government controlled shill. You’ll wish this light armored military vehicle wasn’t on the road.
I have seen so many detailed videos about this car and yet you found something that no one talks about!
Dougs the type of guy to be one of the most popular car reviewers in the world -but test Cybertruck last because he's no Elon simp. 👊🏾
New viewership record incoming!
NO thanks
dude, the camera is killing me
Homer Simpsons car are beautiful 😃This are just awful...🤢
It finally happened!
Describe Elon Musk:- "A Button Allergic Man, Who Loves Geometry"
Embarrassing to admit you find this cool, not gonna lie
This... Is an absolute joke
Hey Doug, I love your videos; I got my Cyber Truck about two months ago and have a GMC Hummer truck and an R1T.  I disagree; outside of the longer bed of the Cyber Truck and the crazy hysteria we see when we drive the Cyber Truck, the GMC is a superior truck in every way outside of the longer bed length of the Cyber truck.  I do like the Cyber Truck. I am not saying it's not cool; it's just that the GMC is a great truck.   And Elon is not insane FYI.
That tailgate isn’t as big or long as any pickup truck tailgate that’s ever been made.
ugliest car on the road, this "truck" is a joke, elon musk is a troll
Doug is the type of guy to sit in the car with dog mode activated
Looking forward to your grand highlander video!
I don't understand people all of a sudden finding an issue with non-multifunction tailgates. They were no problem for 100 years.
and you forgot: it´s ugly - but do you know why?! mirror mirror on the wall...
The word "cool" is meaningless. Americans please expand your vocabulary.
What's cool is that this is illegal in Europe.
Stupid Car.
Is the Cybertuck the new Hummer H2? A car that is supposed to be big to bully people, but it is so ridiculous that the owner is the one that actually gets bullied?
about damn time
Who came here for the cringe?
Alright, it’s officially a real car to me now that Doug has reviewed it 😂
Doug thinking g Raptor owners in the real world, ie outside of California, are mad about that truck is HILARIOUS😅 omg thanks for the laugh bud
Horrible looking "truck".
Echo chamber again? Please stop using this location, wow the audio sucks.
If we knew this truck was going into production when we were kids. We all would have goven our designs to other c9mpanies to design this and get a royalty.
Doug the type of guy to review the Cybertruck 1 year late
That video title tho... Kinda cringe ngl
This car is proof that people these days care more about things being different and cool than being good
Doug washing machines don’t take 220. You’re thinking of a Dryer.
The review is great, but I have a massive problem with how often Doug says this truck is "cool". Something being "cool" is totally subjective, so if Doug finds it cool, that is completely fine. But if you have to keep telling people that it's "cool" than it isn't as cool as you might think.  To me this truck is cool in the same way that a squatted truck that rolls coal is cool, as in, it's only cool to those that already like those kinds of trucks, and is not convincing anyone else that it is cool.
This is the Countach of pickup trucks right now. Lets see how it ages.
Electric cars are now gonna be the deadliest vehicles on the road!!
Pass Not my cup of tea. Some rich guys folly.
No, it really isn't cool.
Found all the Ford Raptor guys.
Interesting, yes of course. Cool, not for me. Ugly, hell yes. It is one of the ugliest cars I know of, I just can't decide if this or the Fiat multiple comes out on top?
I feel like the cyber truck belongs in the Robocop cinematic universe.
Due to pedestrian safety we can’t have pop up headlights, but we can have these angles on an extremely heavy truck.
Imagine buying a truck for off-roading and having to wait for the diff lock update 😂
Styling 5. Cool factor 10.  Why so cool?  It’s styling…
Did I miss something? What happened to the third break light when the tailgate is down?🤔
34:34 @LessDougDeMuro Around around around around around around around the wheels
Can’t wait for the Chinese knock offs of the CyberTruck
doug, i'm dissapointed in you  the lack of transparency in this review is pretty shocking
Musk sell gas burger as a flame thrower,so dumb people are there for cybertruck😂
"It excites me, is a monster, insane at all levels -- I give it the Doug score of 9/100!"
Worst car of the decade, and doug is an idiot for liking trash. It looks quirky, that's all he gives a damn about
Looks like a rolling brick😂😂😂😅
No it isn't
that out of focus camera gave me headache
I think people are confusing the word "wear" with "patina" ;-)
Am I back in my childhood playing Spectre?
Insane car from a company run by an insane person lol doug😂😂😭
It s a road f117
I’m suing Tesla…I drew this in pre-school.
plain stupid...
Funny at 3:03 his auto focus started freaking out😂
Yell it louder for the people in the back “PEOPLE BUY TRUCKS TO LOOK COOL, NOT FOR UTILITY!”
doug not really a fan of electric. "it is fast, so what everyone else is. we are use to ev's being fast". i dont really care. i have driven EV's for thousands of miles and its still awesome to have instant accel and amazing supercare level accel
If someone pulled up to a construction site in a Cybertruck, they would get absolutely laughed at and mocked by all the workers there who have real trucks lol  “Mira ese puto… 🫵🏻😂”
Can't wait for the over the air update that adds a locking differential
With all the safety regulations I'm amazed the Government would allow the truck to lop off you fingers when you close the frunk. #Carrots
I hate it, but I also love it at the same time. It's a car like a 5 year old would draw. It looks stupid at first glance but if you look closer it has so much details and cool stuff in it. Hidden from the eye. It's almost cheeky that Tesla is doing this. They know exactly what reactions they create with it. And that's all the charm about it. Never was I more uncertain about if I like or hate a car.
How long until it starts rusting again?
You think Elon is insane? More like a genius who doesnt pull punches, and wants what he wants.
Doug is the type or guy who plugs his 110 washer into a 240 outlet.
The steering has one hube flaw. That is the constantly changing sensitivity and range. Its very unpredictable in cases where you have to do a quick maneuver. As in contrast with normal steering, regardless of speed you always know how much you have to steer.
People are defending the absurdity this truck has.  Locking diffs OTA...means they're electronic diffs not mechanical. Fit and finish is appalling, sharp edges are terrible for pedestrian safety, lacks a lot of the utility that is expected out of a pickup. Vehicle is rusting within 3 days.
It’s cool, in the constipated, over weight, out of style loser sense of the word.
The fit on the body is terrible
He mad
Just to be a Tesla nerd here I believe i1Tesla discovered there actually is a Tesla logo buried inside the lower headlight!
This thing just looks like its sagging in the rear by default, it drives me crazy.
looks badass, reminds me of the Aliens truck, just need a gun turret!
The funny thing is Europe is gonna save world again from silliness called tesla interior design as it passed law that basically make sure that car makers have to put manual buttons for every basic car control not touch screen shortcuts. Otherwise car insurance for cars not having manual controlles is gonna be crazy expensive.😅
"Actually using the bed" - omgggg, 99.99% of these things will never have anything in the bed, never go off-road, and never carry anything heavier than a large package of TP from Costco.  The fit and finish looks horrible, holy crap, the panel fit in the front, wow.  Looks like a cheap kit-vehicle.
You got a dent in the hood
Finally a car that's easy to build from LEGO.
I think the tail light design is based on regulations which require that the other lights turn off while the brake light is on
Is it Dougcember already????🎉
This thing would be hard to drive if having alcohol withdrawal tremors
I wish it had a V8. Would be a cool truck.
Fair review by Doug. He does a good job of analyzing what the truck is and is not, and what makes it different.
this thing is a lawsuit in the making
I'm happy that Doug finally reviewed the most expensive carrot peeler in history
"Cool"? "People love it"? A minority opinion, I would suggest.
This car is everything wrong with cars nowadays. In fact, I hardly would call it a car/truck, it's more of a battery box on wheels ready to slice some poor pedestrian. The design is crap, no turn signal stalk (turn signal buttons are so inconvenient), everything is in the screen (which could distract the driver), the steering wheel is not a wheel, and worst of all, it's an eletric truck. Repeat after me: ELETRIC CARS WILL NOT MAKE SENSE UNTIL WE GET A GREEN POWER GRID. If you do not understand this fact try to repeat the sentence until the idea is stuck in your fanboy mind. Besides it, nice video, this wannabe car is an interesting curiosity.
This was uploaded 48 minutes ago, 38K views. This video is gonna blow up.
It needs squared rims 😂
"Angular , sharp and futuristic" ... dude what??? Litteraly every car made before 1990 is "sharp and angular". This microwave is the most vintage new car i've ever seen in my life. The 2020 World Car design of the Year was won by Mazda3, which is the exact opposite of Cybercuck....there isn't a single sharp angle in the whole car😂
If a toddler's dream car came to life 🤣🤣🤣
"pedestrian issues" is an odd way to say deaths
when 2024 ends, this will be the "doug of the year", period. Also if doug reviews the cyberbeast, then the cybertruck will probably be dougscore champion when it comes to acceleration
Who is the target market for this thing?
Thissssssssss.......is what happens when you become rich enough to build the car you drew as a 5th grader  (Edit: allow me to parse this comment by stating that I am a Tesla owner)
The frunk will cut off your fingers if you're not careful
Angles
Before the M 🏁💯🔊
The only thing I like about the Cybertruck is the font they used on the door sills and the screen showing Surfer Blood's "Floating Vibes". That's it. The rest of it is just absolutely hideous. Look at me! Look at me! Look at me!
🙏
Can’t wait for all the smashed pedestrians and bikers
Doug is the type of guy to drive a cybertruck 😂
FINALLY!!!
100% belief Raptor and TRX owners upset about an Electric "Truck" schools them in the street.
Truck looks much better in person
Doug please: 1. Review outside, the audio and lighting is horrendous in the office garage.  2. Review new cars on time, you are throwing away views trying to advertise for cars and bids.
Looks so freaking bad imo
It is not ugly, in fact it is the best looking car I know.
If you knew anything about tinkering stainless steel... you'd understand why it has no curve but Doug doesn't do that kind of research.... yet again.
Great to see you reviewing this Doug, the commentary we all needed
0-60 in 2.5 seconds in a vehicle with restricted A-pillar visibility. not exactly pedestrian friendly.
A vehicle with such sharp corners shouldn't have been approved for public roads.
Trash
You know what's oddly rounded on the Cybertruck? The front bumper as it wraps around to the side. This is particularly noticeable where it meets the very angular wheel arch. I wonder why they did that.
Beyond ugly and stupid, it's Elon at his most Muskiest! No range, no space to haul anything not quite sure who this thing is being built for?
This is why you dont ask a 10 year kid to design your car.
Yeah, not really a fan of these. Kind of a gimmick. No one’s gonna use one as a real truck. It’s a bit of a novelty.
“No differential locks” -Doug Demuro on truck with no differential 🤡
*Pedestrian security left the chat*
The most epic vehicle on planet Earth right now!
The NHTSA hasn't done any safety tests on this death-trap because there aren't enough being produced. Can't wait for them all to rot out and not pass inspection in a few years.
Plain stupid, more like it.
Cool Factor "10"? I would be absolutely embarrassed being seen in this Elon monster. I may seriously state that I wouldn't even take it as a gift.
Tow-no cover??
Thiiis is a piece of garbage
The hype behind this pos is beyond me
ugliest thing ive ever seen and useless as a truck
Anyone who buys this and has children only have themselves to blame when their child loses an eye on the corners.
Unfortunately, this vehicle will not be available in Germany due to the lack of pedestrian protection in the event of a collision.
The car for the kinda guy who bought a leather trench coat after seeing The Matrix.
I did not know about the steering having only a half a turn. that is AWESOME. just like a freakin f1 car
The Cybertruck really grew on me - I really almost love the design now - the interior also feels better / way more airy than on other trucks.
Cool truck when you don't use it for the intended use😂, how much do you pay for a full charge? It is not zero?
What happened to the car industry man the new tesla truck is 100x crazier than the new lamborghini
I own a Ford Raptor- trust me “We are not mad” 🙂
When the DeLorean meets the Chevy Avalanche 1st gen
Sweet, This is the review I’ve been waiting for!!!
Your giddy is off the charts this vid Doug
are you okay?
Circular curved dog is my new hit single 😂
I hate this truck
Throttle house review seems more accurate and better to point out it's many flaws. This looks like fanboy review.
This vehicle is the perfect “I’m an idiot” indicator
Sorry Doug love the channel 👎🏾 on anything Elon Musk
i dont know how this car passed regulations with that sharp body
Most of Doug's Cybertruck review can be summed up with "Unlike most vehicles..." and "quite unusual.."'
Perfect example of what NOT to do when designing a vehicle for human use. Sharp edges, horrible fit and finnish, there is no way it justifies its over price!
In Doug’s review just replace the word unusual with stupid
I realize this is a car channel - but Elon is such an awful person and it’s a bit disheartening that car channels don’t address that. Especially when he doesn’t just own Tesla, he is their brand and Tesla is his brand.
Doug is the type of guy who puts “THIS” as a chapter title!
Честно, ну и гавёная же тачка. Вид как у помойки.
Luckily it has round wheels 😅
This is the only Tesla cyber truck review I care about.
While, yes it looks futuristic, it also looks like the idea of futuristic circa 1970 recalling a lot of the wedge designs that became popular in that decade. I guess the difference is those were all concept cars, they are actually producing these things.
They Took The Car We Drew As A Kid An Made It A Real Life Thing 🤣🤣🤣
Quirks and features for the cybertuck is going to need a 4 part miniseries.
What happens when it hits 88 mph?
Funny detail in interior that the pink led light turns on just when in Parking mode.! 😮
I gurantee those cup holders are designed for starbucks cups
The review I was waiting for
Doug is the type of guy who pronounces “Tonneau Cover” correctly.
Completely agree about the range and tow specs, no one who buys these cares and it gets PLENTY of range for what they will be used for. It's for looks, launches, flexes and fun.
Doug is the type of guy to call Elon Musk insane.  And he'd be right.
Doug is the type of guy to finally review a vehicle that's almost as tall as him
I think this is going to go the way of the Chrysler Prowler. It'll grab our attention for awhile but be forgotten in a decade. I hope the same is true for its CEO.
Throttle House review was way better. Carrots > Doogie.
Doug come on man, the new studio set up sucks. Terrible audio, terrible lighting, terrible backdrop. You shouldn't be this low effort anymore, 4.8m subscribers, big new company and you cant up your production quality a bit? I've seen better from people with 1000 subscribers
Honestly, other than the weird shape, is there anything special about it?  I usually trust Doug's take on things, but rating this as high as he did felt like he was blinded by its funny angles.
The location of Doug's recent videos got me more interested than the cars themselves.
Have fun with your steer by wire. I like my steering wheels having a mechanical connection if I ever lose power while driving.
No matter how many Cybertruck reviews I watch, Doug always brings us new details!
I bet that truck is a dream to wrap.
Why do we keep filming in dark garages?
This proves that science-fiction should stay fictional lol
I will be liking or hating this truck for the rest of my life. Will let you know after 40 minutes.
Thank you for your work.
Some kids are going to get some horrendous injuries from pushing that button on the front trunk
Cybertruck are dangerous on roads, it should be banned . Pedestrians safety is under threat, the speed and build material makes it a fat bullet and dangerous .
Cool space to play video games
Finally, a car with actual quirk worthy of “QUIRK AND FEATURES”
I dont care for the look, but its at least interesting
11:33 “it’s pretty hard to access the bed”. How about you put your left hand on top of the bed side wall and your left foot on the purpose built step visible on the side of the tail gate?
I think trucks should come with a front and rear charing port to make charging more convenient when towing.
It is the antithesis of cool
i couldn't care less... but, well... here i am
Doug is a guy
Buddy you are late
11:15 Peak acting here.
lmao thank you for calling the neo n@zi insane
I want to comment whatever there is before even start watching this video. There, done. Now I'll start.
All hail King Elon!
The Cybertruck can go from 0-rusty in 2.6 seconds.
is it unorthodox?
I understand that this is a very Doug car but I still can't help but think this video was paid for by Tesla. Genuinely awful vehicle.
Check out “Cybertruck” by Grant McDonald if you want to hear an awesome song about this vehicle😮
So a 10 year old designed a truck marketed exclusively to douche bags.
I like the refresh Pontiac Aztek!
I have never understood why a car has a brake light turn off when a turn signal is on.  Granted we have the third, middle light, but make the turn signal it's own bulb, and make it amber.  Red lights should be for stop only.
Why I can't stand with the ev's?
Thank god it’s here
The Honda Ridgeline had the bed storage on their first model back in 2004
here at 17k views
This thing is stupid. I can't help to think the people that own it are just idiots. It is the antithesis of what EVs should be.
man that interior looks like a dreary place to spend any amount of time...
No way that front trunk has no safety
Thissss. .. Is a tank!
13:11 By the way, look at what actual car lies in the background...
The only purpose this (contraption) would serve is if your name is Ripley and your going into alien infested nest to save your comrads
Cool factor an 11 if CyberTrucks are driving on Mars
But wait... Did cars and bids sell that... And that.... And that....
The Cybertruck reminds me of the Simpsons episode where Homer gets to design a car.
Anyone ever watch the movie "The Wraith"?  Check out that car.  It was the Dodge Interceptor and I swear, the Cybertrucks design was based off of that car
finally... you did it..
5:36 ...did Tesla actually try them out or did they let their customers do the testing...
Nice Samsung fridge
This is an intro, I would dream of a few years ago with Doug says THHHIIIIIISSSSS
Doug is the kind of guy to release a tesla-fanboy-video as a """review"""
This truck looks like it was designed by a dyslexic Frank Lloyd Wright! It belongs on mars much like total recall with Arnold Schwarzenegger
There is nothing else like it on this planet, proceeds to point at a mass produced vehicle
To quote Charlie Brown: AUGHH!
You’re little bit late
Who is better Tesla or Lucid?
Here before 50k views wonder if this video will surpass 10 million views
"There is nothing else like this on the planet."  There are numerous reasons for that.
The low effort "Doug is the type of guy..." comments are getting so damn old.
They had to recall the wheel covers damn lol
Yesterday's podcast with Hoovie was awesome. Doug is the type of guy... That I now want to go have a beer with.
"Pedestrian Safety? Never heard of her!"
Everyone's over it already. Someone is selling one?
nobody "cool" is ever driving them.  the cyberturd is the biggest douchemobile for people who have been duped into believing elmo musk is tony stark.
Arguably cool. Objectively stupid, flamboyant and poorly made.
I like one of the review videos where they show (using carrots) how the rear hatch can take off fingers since it has no sensors to detect a jam. Quality through and through.
Narrator: The Tesla Cybertruck is not, in fact, "cool."
I see an E34 :o Touring?
Doug's the type of guy to talk about the Cybertruck rusting but not the DeLorean
Thank god  it's not for sale on Cars and Bids, which makes this truck unique
So where are the AC vents?
Homer Simpson creates the ultimate car, same vibes here :)
It will not sell well in the southern states because there is no space for a gun-rack 🙂
I can’t be the only person who thinks this truck is absolutely atrocious
"it comes from a company run by an insane person" made me spit out my bloody chai latte.
Where is the Cybertruck review?
Nope. Don’t want it. Interesting however.
Bro, so many viewers say they click on my Gardening channel because they think YOU started a Gardening side-channel. 😂You're my doppelganger, apparently. Great vid, on this Tesla, BTW!
Doug the type of guy to have the best car review channel
No Doug. No this ain't cool. This is what happens when a former engineer of the Zumwalt class destroyer goes on a sleepless week long bender then sketches.🤮 lol Nice to see the Lumina minivan inspired dash and windshield! But you're still cool though.🙂
Doug saying the Cybertruck is "totally different" for having an unpainted body....I think Mr. John Delorean might want a word bud...
Doug the type of guy to make a separate website called 'Monolith & Bids' to auction only Cybertrucks
If they made something like this in a size that's not humongous and sell it at a $50k range I'd be all over it. This thing doesn't fit into my garage.
That car is terrible, sorry. Bad quality product.
Yes! Doug finally gets the Tesla Cyber Truck!! We've been waiting...
Clown car
13:16 spoiler alert I guess...
4:06 one of the stupidest claims I've ever heard from any car brand.
Don’t understand why no one in the US is talking about the total disregard of crash safety for other vehicles and pedestrians due to the Cyber Truck’s ridiculous design… would not be caught dead in this monstrosity!
Is that a dent on the front hood? 😂 Semi bulletproof and built to fall apart
The USA automotive market - where impact protection regulations are some of the strictest on the planet yet you can drive something with bodywork edges that could slice their way through anyone who gets in the way..
Wow, tesla made a steel doorstop!
Let's go team tesla!
Wow... uh... a 10 for 'cool factor'? I guess we move in *very* different circles, but the general consensus amongst people I know/follow is that these things, or more accurately the people driving them, are absolute laughing stocks. I'd have said these are the least cool vehicles to have been produced in decades.
Doug the type of guy to show up after the party is over.
Here @20k views
Another quirk-side mirrors are easily removable they hinder with tesla’s design tesla expect the owners to remove them and rely on cameras they are there just to pass the requirements
Has anyone else seen the cyber truck online in snow, were the lights get blocked
Please don’t encourage Tesla by calling this thing good or good looking,  because it isn’t,  not at all.
This is a historical moment. Watch this become the most viewed video on Dougs channel.
I remember the last machine that looked like this. F-117 Blackhawk. So.. is the cybertruck stealth as well..?
Doug is the type of guy to review a refrigerator and call it plain cool
11:26 is the start of an infomercial for the "Easy-bed-Access", if you're one of the first 50 people to call, you will get 2 for the price of one!
This car being so unsafe and is allowed on the road seems suspicious. Definitely some strings were pulled
Cybertruck gets the top spot because it's overhyped, sounds about right for this channel. So much for an honest review....
THISSssss truck already looks like the body has aged 15 years
please get outside
Plain cool? I don't think so
8:00 Such a cool brake light design that makes others drivers behind you wonder if you're stepping on the brake or releasing it, how did it even get approved.
Finally The Doug Review!
a 6 for quality is pretty crazy considering some of the reports we've seen on the paint, alignment, etc
Not cool.    Ugley.   I mean REALLY UGLEY.     Yes,    this made by a company run by a sick narcissist.
In other words it's a crap, nonsensical vehicle but it's "cool" so that makes it fine.
Now I know who stole my children's drawing of a car and used it to create the Cybertruck 😂
Insane…Insane…In…🤷🏽‍♂️
Thank god  it's not for sale on Cars and Bids
That truck is so ugly 😭
What are those sharp angles for? Make it stealth by reducing its radar cross section? 🤣🤣
Doug is the type of guy to not be able to climb into the pickup bed without a step
The Best, MOST AMERICAN MADE TRUCK AVAILABLE 👌👌
Wait... so the 3rd brake light is part of the tailgate? So you can't legally drive with it down? Isn't this a federal requirement? No brakelights on moving panels. Didn't the Ferarri California T have to add dumb lower brakelights on the bumper to satisfy this?
Subaru's are more off-road capable; Locking differential is still software locked; exterior surfaces oxidizing like crazy; Hub caps destroyed wheels; complete system failures; terrible front corner visibility; terrible rear visibility; oh and the famous Tesla panel gaps from hell (visible all over the truck Doug reviewed here); range capabilities completely overstated....yeah...it's a great vehicle.
Its a statement peace.  I have a feeling once the few people who want to make this sort of statement, AND can afford it, it will be hard to sell these things.
Am I the only person who honestly didn't like this car?
THIS is the most anticipated Doug review... EVER
Here we are in 2024 and we got Refrigerators going 0-60 in 2 seconds. We are on track to be driving a screen on wheels by 2030.
you think its cool jeez doug thought you were into interesting cars not garbage
stupid looking
The rearview mirrors that it wasn’t supposed to have..
Genuinely the ugliest vehicle I’ve ever seen
Ah the first one for cars and bids has arrived!
Primary contender for the ‘Most useless car ever’ title Its ‘coolness’ will wear out too soon to justify its purchase.
“Cybertruck pedestrian issues” = pedestrian sliced up
Thanks Doug!
Elon Musk is "insane?" Why, because he's a Republican?
Guy is the type of Doug.
Door squeaked when you opened it
"It comes from a company run by an insane person" oh Doug! 😂😂
said you werent doing the ct.   Elon is not insane.  Im waiting on the 2077 Maelstrom version
This is not really a feasible daily utility vehicle for even someone that could afford it. Unless, you want just looks from other people for a while until it wears off.  My opinion the look is hideous. Most people buy truck for the daily option of doing utility chores. Extreme weather will also limit the capability of the battery. If they can sell it to people, good for Elon. This is a product that is very specific to a buyer.
I wanna see that cover open up up here in Canada when it's -35 C and that track is full of ice and snow... Failure will be imminent I feel.
It's 6,900 pounds, has sharp edges and driver visibility issues. Extremely dangerous for everyone else on the road.
Is Doug's voice so loud that the camera shakes? 🤣
FINALLY a review I can trust
That brake light setup is so damned stupid. So many things about this truck are just so damned stupid. The dangerous sharp edges, the fact that Tesla still has trouble making panels line up. The fact that in order for your stupidly expensive truck to look 'good', it needs hubcaps. The fact that the body panels need to be wrapped in order to prevent the thing from rusting.    Steer by wire has got to be one of the most unsettling concepts in automotive history. You mention it, but don't mention what happens if you just happen to lose power due a fault while at speed. You lose all steering is what happens.  Naturally they bury essential controls in the touchscreen because what we obviously need is more drivers staring at more screens instead of the road.  What an unbelievably stupid vehicle. There is very little that is cool about this affront to transportation other than its overall shape. Even then, from the side it's ugly as sin.
Doug no offense but you have a lot of stock in Tesla. There's a lot of wrong with the car. There's so many videos showing how it's basically a death coffin. Just cause it's cool, doesn't make it a great car. You've judged other cars with the same flaws the cybertruck has but let it fly this time?
Thank you Doug for reviewing this dishwasher
Note to self: change the wiper positioning on my 99 Buick to get better gas mileage.
THIS….Is incredibly stupid
They got the designe for the side view mirror from the Office :)
16k views in 21 minutes 😂
The car pod is a great addition to the channel!
Doug's a type of guy. Every time he reviews a Tesla he says it's the most hype car of the blah blah blah
Doug is the type of guy to say WASHER MACHINE instead of Dryer.
Contrast detect autofocus lol
Can you give us an office tour?
I’m suing Tesla for copying my design. I drew this shape of car 25 years ago. When I was 8…
FINALLY we get THIS review.
I swear to sell all my kitchen knife sets when I own this😅😅😅
Coming at ya from Doug's secret underground Lair!
Thanks for covering the Cybertruck.  Great review!  For those of you that like it but not too sure about the stainless steel, check out the wrap in this video - I'd like this truck with that wrap! https://youtu.be/m_vJnyBT8EA
Just saw one driving this Monday and it was so much bigger than I had imagined very cool!!
The review I've been waiting for.
Are you gonna shoot it with a bow and arrow?
FINNNAAAALLLYYY
Here early sup
Nice ding right on the front bonnet!
Finally..... I haven't watched any reviews of the cyber truck yet. Was waiting for Daddy Doug first
It's just plain cringe
HOW THIS CAR PASS REGULATIONS, THIS IS A KILLER  MACHINE, IT WILL SMASH ANY CAR WITOUT GETTING DAMAGE ITSELF
"...plug in your washing machine and ruuuuun it from your Cybertruck!" I lol'd.
Disclaimer: Doug DeMuro does not claim to be a qualified mental health practitioner and any descriptions of anyone alive or dead as 'insane' are mere hyperbole rather than clinical diagnoses.
This thing is just the definition of "how can we make this the most dangerous possible?" "Yes"
Oh man finally did it tuning in
“Usual, circular, curved dog” - Doug Demuro, 2024 😂
No premature wear issues, wraps for looks and because the stainless gets covered in fingerprints and is hard to clean.
Doug and Hoovie my favourite tubers ❤
....and Doug knows 'cool'.
Didn’t shoot it to see if it’s bulletproof 0/10
No its really not cool
I expect Doug to throw rocks at it !
There’s already a million douchebags running around Austin in these with stupid wraps
Honestly this car actually fits you the most!
Idk if there has been a car I was so back and forth like/hating the looks before
THIS is the only cybertruck review I will watch
Why the dislikes?
finally
Never thought I’d see the day
When Minecraft meets a truck.  Definitely THE ugliest vehicle in history.  It reminds me of something a 5 year old drew in crayon.  Why?  Just why?  It does actually remind me of the tank-like vehicle from the movie Aliens though.
Can't wait to go towing with the Cybertruck in winter in Minnesota and get 13 miles of range!!!🎉👍👍👍😎
I hate this thing so much, I've been waiting for this video
Finally a cyber truck review by you, I have been waiting for years now.
This thing is so stupid and unnecessary, if I had loads of money I'd still have one though for the fun of it alone.
It's so ugly
It’s just not Doug. It’s an ugly, overpriced, shitbox, that was greenlit by a jackass.
Doug is the type of guy who's wife says "honey, I want an all stainless steel kitchen" and he comes home with a cybertruck
Doug
I remember when I first saw it, I thought it looked really dumb, and somewhere along the way, I fell in love with the design!
It’s time for the most watched video on Doug’s channel!
No it’s not cool it’s ugly as sin my eyes burn when I look at it
My neighbor got one a few weeks ago. Says he gets non stop attention in it. Thinks it drives smaller than it looks. It’s not easy to park. The edges are sharp and can cut you if you’re not careful. He says he is getting about 70% of the promised range. He’s taking it in for service as he’s found discoloration that he thinks might be rust following the recent storms. If they fix it, he’s good to go. If not, he’ll put it in the market - I’ve told him about Doug’s bids site…
My favorite feature is the tires
16 minutes, earliest I've been to a Doug vid 😮
Not the basement again Doug... do the video outside with sunlight man!! The old couple will be pleased :)
Doug looking tiny today
Doug the type of guy
it may be cool but its hella ugly
Hi
Doug is the type of guy to pull his pants all the way down at a urinal
The rust is particularly cool.
I see all the hate for Cybertruck, but i can’t help but admire that something like this actually  got created and produced.  You can hate Elon all you want, but only a select few on the planet could actually make a literal wedge-shaped truck and have it actually be in-demand  And I’ll say it, it’s cool
Doug calling Elon insane is the realest thing he’s done this whole year 😂
It's about time for this review
IncElCamino = Clustertruck®
I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS
With the tonneau cover…is this a low-res lincoln blackwood?
One of the most unnecessary vehicles mankind has seen.
Saw this exact same truck the other day driving around SD. Pretty sure I saw you in the drivers seat too lol
- waited 6 years to make this video…   Lmfao Tesla people are a unique blend themselves…    Also the Tesla is about 10-12 years old.. they need to redesign their sedans… they will become outdated faster than the Prius lmao….
The Cybertruck looks homemade
@3:26-3:31 I guess even the camera think its ugly and has a stroke.
40 minute doug review? Lets goo
Whether or not I hold on to my Cybertruck reservation hinges on this video...
THIS... is the moment I've been waiting for from Doug.
I'll take a flat plane crank over a flat plane of glass...
I saw a truckload of these going down the highway for the first time last weekend...  They're even more ridiculous in person.
A little late to the party, no? Mr. Bigshot.
Now Shoot at it to see if it's bullet proof
This is the video I have been waiting for
Doug had reviewed the Cybertruck before GTA VI came out.
I am absolutely *baffled* as to how this vehicle passed safety inspection. I feel like I could poke an eye out just from looking at it.
Whats wrong with the doors? Are they dirty?
How can something that aggressively badly designed even be legal? It's like it was designed to end pedestrian lives.
12:52 the design is such a SWAP in the face 🤔😂
Doug is the kind of guy that holds in his farts until he gets inside a bubble bath ☠️
It's not often that you get to watch what will become Dougs most watched video this early. He's the only one I wanted to see this truck reviewed by after all these years.
It originally looked like that cybertruck had wooden planks in the bed In this video. Which I thought was a very cool look. A mix of super modern minimalism and old school cool. But it was just the lighting in the video.
Elon is not insane. He is quite the opposite.
Cybertruck is so stupid
I bet the reason he did the review inside because he was unable to do  it outside because everyone would come up and want to see it lol
the interior is so despressing
this truck is awful, it's pure garbolium
Can’t wait for whistling diesel to destroy it
This entire car will be the quirk of the year
This truck is such a celebrity that Doug had to review it in a garage so people don’t bother Doug every 2 minutes for a picture!
No it not cool at all! It’s the dumbest vehicle ever made
This is the video we have been waiting for
About time doug! Been waiting for this !! From Australia
That is an impressively ugly thing to make it to mass market. I am strongly reminded of when Homer Simpson was invited to design a car.
Cybertrucks are rusting in as little as 11 days. But for the low low price of 5K extra, you can get your truck's exterior treated... In a way that every other company does for free... You're an idiot if you buy this junk
Cool = trash
2:31 I spy a dent in the hood lol
No it's not it sucks.
Why is he saying “tonneau cover” like that?
this is so dumb! but it's so cool! but it's still so darn stupid! and yet it's so freakin awesome!!! - my reaction to the Cybertruck
Doug isthe landcruiser cyber truck toyota
That brake light is a class action lawsuit waiting to happen
THISSSSS
Thanks for the review, planning to buy one.
Only took 6 years been seeing this since 2018
couldnt hod off much longer on the review ehhhhhhhhh? glad it worked out
Doug is the type of guy to have “Doug is the type of guy” comments on his video.
I feel like the "cool factor" is unfortunately impacted by how annoying Elon simps and Telsa fanboys are, but it definitely gets major points for being unique!
Doug dated girls based on their weekend score but married the one with the highest daily score
The tail lights can be changed with a simple OTA update :-)  My 2018 Model 3 has over 20 features now then when I first took delivery.
So what there are other reviews I haven't watched one, waiting specifically on my guy Doug!
Super sharp corners are totally fine :) no worries pop up headlights kills ppl .
Been waiting for this
It's not cool. EV people are not car enthusiasts.
it just isn't cool.
3:25 I love how even camera is confused at what the f it is looking at.
Wow I viewed this video 10 minutes after its posted and im the 8008th viewer, Very cool
Autofocus goin crazy
God damn its long
plain DUMB
When you delay your car purchase cause you wanted Doug's opinion and review 😅
Love Tesla and Elon but Jesus this thing is just ugly
spoiler alert, Rivian stomps it
thumbs down for calling Elon insane.
He reviewed cars and houses and he even reviews fridges 😮
Cybertruck is like something from WW1 tank design books and I love it
I wish Doug would care just a bit more about sound quality
Congrats Doug on all your success. You came from nothing. Living the dream!
Doug bringing us lots of stainless today!!!
cyberjunk
Doug is the type of guy to review the triangle truck
Doug is the type of guy to make a podcast about cars
BOOOOOOY
I love it! Something really cool about straight lines in a round world! Like finding pyrite in nature!
Since when did you know you had motion Doug?
I disagree
stupid looking
*THIS* is a video I've been dying for since 2019. I am so happy the day has finally come.
Drink everytime he says "Monolith"
I've stood by that vehicle and I couldn't get over how enormous it is.  The guy who owns it has it wrapped in a radiant purple wrap (I guess it wasn't loud enough without it😂)
Insert panel gap and/or pedestrian eating monster meme
Ah yes, the scary electric triangle everyone loves to hate
Tires not aligned with rim spokes. Pathetic mounting job if Tesla insists on the tire sidewalls having spoke ends
Just say no to elon
Doug is the type of guy to pull out a chair to review a vehicle
Doug is the type of guy to unknowingly bias his reviews to favor cars forsale on cars and bids.
Doug is the kind of guy to delay reviewing the hottest new car in hopes to get one on cars and bids first!!! 😂
It's just absolutely ugly, the tech is cool but boy what an ugly vehicle
Doug is the type of guy to release a video months behind the trend and still get the most attention
I wonder how many guys will leave these trucks unwrapped and what kind of "petina" we're gonna see lol
THIS!.......is a refrigerator
THIS! is Idiocracy 2024.
Elon designed this truck for Doug
Jesus Doug, how many cups of coffee did you have before filming this?
Damn, why so many dislikes on this video?
Only possible in the USA.
Doug is the type of guy who reviews iPhone 15 when Apple is releasing iPhone 16.
"Aerodynamics" would imply that it's actually got something more impressive than a brick going on in a wind tunnel
My beer farts are evil.
It looks so much better here than the C&B photos
Doug is like 3 months late 2 this truck..and I'll pass
doug is the GOAT of car reviewers.
Doug is the type of guy to beep at his garage door to make it open faster...
ThiiiiSSSSS🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Woah it's happening!!
Doug is the type of guy to review the Cybertruck months after everyone else.
I hate the design and i like most tesla's desgn's looks CT look uneven a proper tesla truck would be awesome this aint it
4086 views
no way someone is selling there cybertruck
This will end up in the srcap yard prematurely. G vagon is still better!
Insane person? That’s debatable
🗑
Doug you forgot a comma between plain and cool.
Title should be “This is just plain ugly”.
almost 5 millions subs and still he can't fix the auto focus of his camera
It STILL looks like a truck we doodled in preschool/elementary school!!!!
Driving a Tesla cybertruck is like driving a tank when there is no war
All these sharp angles but I can't have a brand new car with pop ups.  Lame!
sorry but its the ugliest thing on four wheels.
So many ICE heads/Pavement Princes raging right now. 😂
Wow! I love the new Ridgeline.
And plain ugly lmao
It’s so cool frame cant Handle dpeed theycwreck
ABOUT TIME!!!!!!!  LOVE YOU DOUG! HIRE ME!!!!
Comes from an insane maker is not the flex Doug thinks it is
In all honesty Goku was banking on Shin to buckle under the pressure of impending death rather than actually killing him
THISSSSS…. is a Bosch refrigerator on wheels that’s faster to 60 than a Mustang. Quirks incoming.
Doug vs. Elon fanboys is a rivalry I support
And no, it's not faster than a German Porsche 911
Doug the type of guy to iron his cargo shorts on the Cybertruck's hood.
Curious to see how Doug's viewership is gonna react to this one
I was expecting legal eagle to be involved at the selling of the car! 😅
It looks even worse IRL
Car enthusiasts - “all cars look the same, make different vehicles” A car company makes a different vehicle - “why doesn’t it look normal, like everything else?”
Make a pod cast with Hoover, The last as a live …
Only car that made it to the channel before cars and bids
Doug is the type of guy to say “me and my friends “
It would be cool if doug could make a review of a gen3 accord aerodeck. Its areally quircky car.
Back to the Future, DeLorean like truck.
Who wins at Wrestlemania 40? Roman Reigns or Cody Rhodes?
2:07 comes with a dent on the hood :)
Doug is the type of guy to return other peoples grocery karts
Who needs cars and coffee when you got cars and Doug.
No it’s not. And stop pushing EVS
Doug is the type of guy to put 200 novelty bobbleheads on the Cybertruck's comically oversized dashboard shelf
Doug putting out December-level videos in March
Don’t like my comment 😂
Doug's reaction as if he just received his first toy truck
Doug is the type of guy to buy this to keep frozen foods inside his garage
Doug
Still no Gallardo video 🙁
This is going to be on trending. I'm calling it now.
This will be one of Doug’s most popular videos
The new Eclass please 😭
The video we've all been waiting for. What an ugly, piece of crap. But it's gonna be funny when Doug's Grandchild does a review of it in 70 years.
Never uploaded fast 😂😂
This car the best example of how different doesn't mean better
Wheel arches same as the subaru wrx. Now thats innovative
When are we going to get Doug's quirks and features video
How’s he an insane person ?
Honestly didnt watch any reviews of the cyber truck because im waiting for Doug’s review.
"It is terribly ugly." "And of course, it's ugly." "And I include in that [list] Zambonis, and those ride-on floor cleaner machines..." "...scrap the whole thing and start over." "It's UGLY."  I have not forgotten what you said, Doug 😂
Praying for the reveal halfway through that he was reviewing a cardboard model before showing the real thing
I thought this was supposed to come out before it went on cars and bids to advertise?
It looks like a piece of commercial kitchen equipment, like you stick your bread inside for it to proof or something.
Noice
Make this the most liked comment so that "Make this the most liked comment so "I liked my own comment" isn't"
props to the owner who risks their cybertruck getting disabled by tesla 💀
Ждем на русском 😮
Tesla cyber trucks are bought exclusively by Tesla Cyber Cucks 😂
Finally! The review he didn't want to do because it wasn't sold on his website. What a flake.
Doug: Guy
I'm very happy for people who enjoy this truck, but I really just can't get behind the design.
Doug is the type of guy to get a paper cut from the cybertruck
My prediction for this video: 15M views
Rivians is better NGL sorry not sorry
FINALLY You are reviewing it 🎉
Doug the type of guy to explain why he can't review the Cybertruck a couple weeks ago and then comes out with a review of it 😅
Ah. The IncEl-Camino
The one we've all been waiting for
Remember when Doug would preview the next car while discussing his website Cars and Bids.
“Babe wake up, Doug posted his Cybertruck review”
This! is gonna be one of the most viewed videos on your channel
Doug the typa guy to review a Roblox car
An overpriced useless waste of materials
One ugly giant hunk of metal agenda push.
Yaaaaaaaasssss!
This thing will never be cool
Ugly
Can't wait to buy this in 10 years for 35k
Many years from now we are going to remember the cyber truck as the vehicle that changed the game for the car Industry
finaly
Nice kitchen appliance with wheels
Doug, the kind of guy to drive a refrigerator and be ecstatic about its “quirks and features “.
I support two shirts.
CyberDoug! 🤘
I have been waiting almost 4 years for this! Amazing!
Call me old fashioned, but lack of a  classic gear knob is just really annoying.
LOL you finally got to review it! Good for you!
Finally
Doug's the type of guy to read his kids a driver's manual as a bedtime story
I just know that cs188 will churn out another masterpiece YTP out of this guy.
The Terminator Cobra is coming to Forza Horizon 5.
Daddy Elon  does it again!
I am also commenting here
doug is the type of guy to use this as a paperweight
Cybertruck is cool imo (not good looking to be clear, just sorta cool). I’d never own one, and Tesla quality is questionable. But it’s such an interesting vehicle with interesting technology
Long awaited
Finally!
😍 1:10
It’s cool to people who don’t care about practicality or what a truck should achieve but I guess that’s most truck buyers in america😅
THISsss….will be the most popular video of the year by Doug.
Doug the type of guy to confuse us with his big news
doug is the type of guy to drive this
🎉 NICE, great review! Good luck with your podcast!
Glad to see this review.
I've waited 5 years for this
I just can't take it seriously.
Cool
YAY!
Suprised how Doug's opinion has evolved going off the liveshow on C&B
Yess
Tbh it's kind of ridiculous to say musk is insane regardless of your opinions of him
57 seconds, early
Another crappy electric car
Popcorn time
😍
Doug the type of guy to review a refrigerator on a car channel
The time has finally come!!!!
The review that i actually wanted to see from a long time
It is rusting
DOUGGG YESSS!!!!
Expecting this video to get a million views in 48 hours!
hey Doug
Finally you did it
Finally! 😂
Review the 98’ ls400
🎉 finally
Finally Doug, finally. THANKYOU
Finally Doug!
Make this the most liked comment so "I liked my own comment" isn't.
Review the Scion tc on carsandbids
Most ugly also. Raptor is way better. Living in Ohio I have never seen a Cydertruck but there are at least 10 Raptors in my neighborhood. A Raptor R is faster and sounds much better but the cool factor is a 6, come on Doug. An F20 is 266 inches long.
First
Finally
Polymobile I like it
Doug is the type of guy
Wow
First
Imagine if you crash it 🫨
He finally didit
he did it 😆😆
Last
Finallyyyyyyy.
He finally reviewed one 😂
Finally! 😂
Fridge
Finally happening!!!
Finally, I have been waiting for this!
😍
First
YESSS
Here we go! Lol
Finally!!! Looking forward to this.
Elon first
Nice
Wow
1
First
FINALLY DOUGG!!!
First
Nice
Hi
