9:20  Ah yes, those partition walls lasted a long time 😅
Who knew at this time that this was the beginning of the end for Montana?
How are those Ryobi tools holding up now Alec?
Omg is that how Wi-Fi works in the uk?
My dad has a Ryobi toolset and has had the same problems with the circular saw. We found that it just doesn't like when the blade is pinched between boards. You have to make the cut as straight as possible so that it doesn't twist inside the cut and get stuck. So cutting perpendicular to yourself is not the way to go.
Hank Green has a younger British self who is a blacksmith. It all makes sense now
Alec, I’ve been watching you since you were working in the first shop man. So proud to see you where you’re at, keep it up 👍🏽
So. Your workshops are almost identical right?
Just saw this and had to say, I know Ryobi has a reputation for being "cheap" but mine have been used and abused, dropped, forgotten to recharge for months, and they keep on going, haven't broken a thing on any of them, love them.
Is he ever going back to Montana?
Alec...it is cheating using the dog during the ad.
Very nostalgic
I spent 6 years in the UK stationed at RAF Mildenhall.  My wife and I loved England!
jesus fucking christ how much money do you earn
Did he have immigration issues. ?
You should have put your walls up using a swinging hing and wheel system. This way you could open and close your work space if needed.
Been a while since he's driven one of these.. but you never really forget am I right? To everyone who hasn't learned standard yet..do it because it might save your life one day.
i was just watching your katana build and was thinking that I miss Jamie and I wish he was in the more recent vids... I'm beyond hyped to see him again!!!
He's back, baybeee
Are you happy? looks very
you happy? jajaja very
You know you’re a creator when you view upload speed as more important than download speed 😅
My fiber optic is supposed to be 300 Mbps. Somehow, I get 400 Mbps. I ain't complaining one bit!
FYI Alec. Chocolate > Yellow.   That is all. 😁👍
The circular saw was stopping near the end of the cut like that because you didn't have the workpiece and offcut supported properly, the wood was pinching the blade. True, a more powerful saw may have coped with it, but better set-up will prevent it.
I get the desire to have stuff closer together for the look and feel, but isn't the primary concern of spacing everything out farther safety?
Start of the video -  ooh, I wonder if he will be getting sponsorship from Ryobi 4:21 - Ah, nevermind.
Is that your parents house in the outro/sponsor ad? I gotta know what paint brand and colour that brown on walls is :v
"20 BUCKS" the Yankee is bleeding through
Him just lying amongst the tools say I have spent so much money i now my favorite part of any of his videos.
Will this perhaps open up a little easier sales to the EU?
You can take the ryobi tools and throw them right into the forge
... Good luck with the Ryobi. I have been burned by "budget" friendly tools a lot. For example, I went from cheapest to 2nd cheapest, to top brand drill all over a short span. The 1st one the wiring smoked, the 2nd one kept over heating.  Basically, it's a risk. If you don't have to replace it, it's a good buy. But if you do, obviously it wasn't.
5:36 mikrotik all the way. i tried the sxt but found lhg to be the "proper proper" one. even sxt is now updated from the old and somewhat glitchy 3-7 version, and ships with better radio modems like r11-lte6
Someone hasnt watched the boltr series.
I kinda just dropped off the channel a month or two after the Montana move and now that you're back in the UK I find myself into blacksmithing videos again. Really funny how that happens
5:12 this brings back memories of the old video when you first got started at this workshop and the wifi setup xD
Welcome to the UK, love your work
I think it would be a cool idea to wire up all your lights to work with a Google Home(or the equivalent), so that way you could manage the lighting of your shop a little more easily.
I can’t get over the fact this guy looks about 15
A proper use of the word 'hypothesising' instead of theorising.  You get a like
Will Sam be making a guest appearance????
How do I get this type of internet connection?
remember last time you were back in Britain you had trouble with horizontal surfaces!
hahaha i was like.. wait a min.. looks like your old one.. hahahaha wow i bet that flooded some memories back when you only had that work shop.. i would have guessed that you would have checked on this shop first to see if it was on the market... i'm really happy for you.. truly am.. best of luck on continuing to build and have fun with it
That WiFi tho, I get 350 mbps.
Kove headphones are garbage. Mine broke after 6 hours and you can’t get a response from customer service. They are a scam.
6:36 me after getting all of the stuff I bought during quarantine
Hilarious! 🤣 You're great! We would be friends 👍🏿
Anyone else get emotional seeing the old shop and Jamie?...  *silent tears fall from a happy face...
Yoko makes the ads bearable
You're neat!
Ryobi tools are good. I highly recommend getting the 4.0ah batteries. You get a lot more time out of each use
I’ll start following you again. Welcome home. Pity it’s not to stay tho’.
Just out of curiosity why did he go back to the UK
“It doesn’t flicker, that’s exactly what we want to hear”... you mean... see..? 😂
I've been fascinated by carpentry lately and looked a lot into workbenches. I find your utilitarian approach very refreshing; I think the irony is that woodworkers needlessly complicate the humble workbench because they feel like they have something to prove but it's not that hard to assemble a sturdy bench. A workbench should just... work.
When will we see farrier Sam ??
But why
riobi is fance 4 me lol
Vacation isnt vacation if you still work while on said vacation.
The last time I watched an Alec Steele video he was setting up the new shop in the US.
Cheap saw tip:  When you're cutting adjust the saw blade to about 5mm larger than what's being cut.   You'll be amazed about the difference, and it also helps you keep from twisting between the cut line, binding on the 2 pieces.
Resubscribed now you don’t have that annoying American kid on the channel
This dudes got a punchable face.
Use the bigger battery on the ryobi circular saw, wont stop randomly.
2 week quarantaine, for what :’)))))))
Yay! Jamie! Welcome back mate!
I would spin the walls around and use the beams and make shelves. It would be more useful than just a wall.
Is everything wireless in the uk?
Pressure treated lumber? On a budget? Does the roof leak or something?
Sorry if this has been asked but what multi tool do you carry? I looks like a Leatherman charge ti but not exactly? I only ask as I am always evaluating better multi tools for my everyday work.
Ryobi makes good tools. I’ve been using them for years. A saw binding doesn’t mean the tool is bad. It means the operator is using the tool improperly.
TTI holdings in Hong Kong owns Ryobi, Ridgid and Milwaukee. BOLTR on YouTube does tool reviews and has shown that info.
"Let's pay some bills" Immediately segways into sponsor ad with perfect timing. @LinusTechTips, you could learn something from this guy
Why,might I ask did you leave Montana?
Ryobi is not bad. I broke something and they sent me some free stuff. None of it broke. So I kept buying Ryobi stuff. Still, none of it broke.  Not sure why the one thing broke but it seems to be a one off thing.
The last time I watched a video here he was making the saber. A lot has changed in just 30 seconds of this video.
Ryobi is trash for long term commercial use. Home owner grade for sure, but very affordable 👌
2:00 changed how I show the number 3 with my fingers forever
Alec, can you drop a link for that light panel you grabbed for 90 pounds?
This shop takes me back.
Dude you're awesome! I'm glad I caught you on your way up. I always find people on their way down keep up the seemingly good work.
dont suppose you ordered a zizzi takeaway in norwich?
Haven’t been on the channel in awhile so him and Will have gone their own ways but reman friends but Alec still has a workshop in Montana for? Then he has his new old new again workshop and has moved back to the UK?  Am I close to figuring this out? Need help to figure this out again...🤣
Is that a leatherman p2 or p4
there is a reason that Ryobi are hundred of pounds cheaper....they are hundreds of pounds shitter!!
I've used ryobi tools for a while. Because I needed tools cheap in a hurry. The only things that  have died on me? One battery, and one chainsaw. But yeah. Not as much power as  some other brands.
Happy that Jamie is back
277 people never set up a second workshop.
I have Electrochemical Etching Machine but I don’t know which Fluid use to make my on logo on the knife.and we’re I get
Back in the UK. Hell yeah!
They are decent tools!
Progress with perspective, such a powerful thing. Thank you for sharing, Alec!
Good thing Alec punched all those trees before filming. Now he can get straight into making the workbench.
Never go ryobi..
Lumber? Extra 20 bucks? What's next, sidewalks? Trunks? Toe-may-toes????
I can see why you’d go back!
Lol you have have twice as fast internet in comparison to me in Australia
Oh your Shytmerica workshop is in Montana - (population 3)
You are better off staying here in England than Shytmerica. Things are about to turn really bad in shytmerica.
He got deported 😔
7:50 ...it doesn’t seem like past Alec likes the new shop lol
Glad to see you back in the UK. What are those lights? Both look perfect for my needs
Ryobi are great low cost residential type tools. Definitely won’t get the same longevity out of them as a Milwaukee or Makita with the stuff you do, but they get the job done and are good value for the price
Ryobi tools definitely are not bad, but I still prefer Porter Cable/DeWalt
Handy tip, you can get Ryobi compatible batteries for like half the price of OEM
if you want mobile walls build em like hollywood do, 1X3 frame sheeted in luan, lightweight and not expensive
Gotta be better set up cutting plywood!! If you have both sides supported like that it's sure to bind up your saw near the end of the cut. That's why it bound, not the ryobi. Suuuper dangerous with possible kickback.
How old is alec? He looks 12 but said wife
Alec Steele Co. a multinational corporation!
To be honest I feel like the British empire is still alive and well it's just less formalized
I believe you are so well-to-do (and think so far ahead) that you kept that space.  WE LOVE IT that when you COME HOME we also feel that we are home!
Rigid is a good brand to
Never ever go cheap on tools. It’s gonna fail you, and annoy you. And when you buy them again, they fail you again and any you even more And when you finally buy the good tools, you’ll be so pissed that actually working with them is a lot less fun that at the start.
Im just really proud of watching Alec grow so much since the very beginning, hearing him being married is....wow....congratulations!🙌🏽💪🏽
Glad to see you guys branching out. Hope that you have many more years of success!
Most of the cordless power tool kits include the small batteries that droop really quickly in voltage when you put them under a sustained load.  If you have the bigger batteries they tend to work much better because the load is distributed across more cells.  The big batteries (4 and 6 Ah) also store more energy so they last longer between charges since they handle the voltage droop better before the BMS kicks out.
Good luck with the Ryobi trash your going to need it... I just blew up one of their drill chucks a month ago
I knew the old shop was coming back. I really loved it.
Wait. What did I miss, why are you back in the UK now?
I would have gone with butcher block for the top.
When anyone has ever bought a Big Mac from McDonalds: 6:37
I just want to say how much I really enjoy your channel. I’m impressed with your analytical thinking and awesome handyman skills. Keep those videos coming my man!! Props to your positive mental attitude as well
Congrats Alec, you have officially just become.....      THE MRBEAST OF BLACKSMITHING!!!!!!!!
ryobi tools... what a waste of money. never go cheap on tools. you will find out
So why the second shop?  Guess I missed it
Aye dont come cheap from scratch
ryobi is a good brand, atleast in my experience. I have had my screwdriver for years now and it is still going strong with a trusty battery and no problems what so ever  and just because i say that it will probably break next week
Alec if you see this I'd recommend looking at switching from Ryobi to Ridgid, if it's not too late to return them (Not sure if you can get them in the UK, tho). Ryobi makes a lot of the parts for Ridgid tools, and both are Home Depot brands, but Ridgid is a little sturdier and has a lifetime service agreement with them vs Ryobi's 3 year service agreement, which I think would be a huge blessing to someone in your trade who will be using these tools often, and hard. Also, regardless of brand, I'd recommend checking out their 4Ah batteries. I switched to those recently from the 2Ah batteries and the amount of extra battery life is stunning. If you do look at Ridgid, get the red ones if you can find them. They're American made. The Orange ones are made by TTI in China. Still good tho.
Everyone : Space in a workshop is a luxury Alec : Space is a curse
*17 Mb/s upload Linus Tech Tips: Those are rookie numbers
Good to see you again. It’s been awhile honestly
I lose it SO HARD at 7:48, I had to take a break. Well played lad, you got me for good with that face of yours😂😂😂😂😂😂😂...😀...🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣  "Yeah, he finally gonna do that! He could even use the space as a lounge for podcast or somethin... {burst into laughing}" 😆😅
yeah an SD card is a SIM.
oh a 14 yo has as wife.... great
I'm glad to now that you have new workshop!But more important i have hope that you will handle to make true historical damascus eventually
Workshop?  Nah Alec.  It's a studio and what you are building is a set. I mean I get you, Lean manufacturing is all about reducing waste, and transport is a waste.  Just your average Industrial Engineer isn't thinking "how will this look on camera?" when they lay out a factory. Seems like the lesson you have learnt is "cell layouts work for smiths".  A bigger workshop is fine, you just need more smiths and more cells.
Is Alec moving back permanently?
Looking that Video in Germany, makes me mad...... They hook up the internet in like 10 min (we have to wait 1-6 weeks) , test it, have 20k down and 15k up and say  thats not bad. Thats not even standart in germany... :D
Yass! I’m so excited for this, that first shop with the dark colors and oranges and such with so amazing. Loved the aesthetic.
Mask up when cutting MDF Alec!
Has anyone else noticed that Alec hasn't actually MADE anything in AAAAGES???
Ryobi sucks, they breakdown after a hard days work.
For some reason i always liked yr UK stuff better than the american stuff. It's something about the lighting i think. Seems softer and more intimate somehow.
Wait... is Alec only 20 years old?
We seriously need to see Jamie forge his second Bowie knife! The first one didn’t really turn out, and he deserves to have a nice knife after all the hard work he’s put in with Alec!
Watching you make things was fun. Now this channel has just become a lot of videos of you rubbing in your success and all the expensive toys you use.
Do you find yourself working in metric overseas or has the states caused you to work in standard? Just an interesting question I had as you built the mobile walls.   Excited for you and the wife to spend time with family back at home!
oh Alec your breaking my heart with the having to suffer with a big workshop lollolololol. Try my space for a day and you'll RUN  screaming back to your nice large workshop. Btw congrats on your success man.
wrong speed test bud
So is he moving back to the UK?
Hell Yeah Alec, Welcome back in UK ,))
Hey Alec  Paul Parshall hair AKA FIREFEST I have a suggestion for you about the white concrete block walls. There are paint rollers that give the wall the look  of stone I suggest buying some gray paint and doing that with all of your white walls I think it would give your shop an old stone look.
Welcome back to the metric world. Guys you know the drill, this man needs flags.
How have you hand so many workshops? You look like you're 14 years old!
The only thing that could make this that much more incredible is if Sam shows up!!!!!!! Everyone that’s been here from the beginning like this so Sam and Alec see it!!!
Good to see you back here:] Well Done!
I am following your videos since 2018 when you made the viking sword and others before that. I am just at awe how fast time flies. I am amazed that you got the old workshop back. I even scrolled back to your videos and watched the time when you tear the shop down and now you are setting it back up.  But Will is still in tears in Montana though.
ryobi  ya thats a mistake
Ridged is a good tool source as well..not much more expensive than ryobi and has great warranties as well
Its a SIM card, not a SD card. A lot makes that mistake ;)
I will be honest, I used skip the ads when I first found the channel.... then realised how much STUFF these videos take to make, not just a camera and a tripod. AD away my friend.
What a beautiful dog x3
How did you get the ryobi electric ratchet that isn't available in the UK?!
Guess your next workshop will just be you setting up a storefront at Barker Street. That even possible, or is your old forge someone's tourist boutique now?
Poormen he has a wife😭😭
I would use Kino-Flo tubes in the overhead fluorescent fixtures.  And you're probably going to be disappointed with the consistency of colour balance with those cheap LED fixtures.  There's a good reason why good video lights are very expensive- the LEDs they use are matched by HAND.
I wonder how much Kielder tools run?
My 2nd workshop in England is way bigger...
4:19: Well, there goes your chance to be sponsored by Ryobi.
I love Milwaukee tools but for the money, you can't beat Ryobi!
When he was talking about the wifi right when he was finished talking about the table it sounded like he was saying that the next thing he to do was put the wife on (the table). I thought well he shouldn't have said that on camera. 😂🤣😂
The nostalgia of being back in the UK and the old shop is awesome
you did that at 16 - 17 years old... dude.... i only cared about sleeping at that age... i wish i had that get up and go even now even.
Hopefully Starlink will be available in UK soon, 150Mbps.
You should make some armor; hell Iron Man built his in an improvised workshop. ...in a CAVE!! Surely you can improve on that.
I hope our current political situation here in America didnt scare you off.  Nevertheless it's great to see you home again and cant wait to see you build another forge
Did he really get his old shop!?!? The same one he left when he went to Montana!?!?
Hi everyone, can someone summarize for me what happened on why is he back in the UK?
you back in Norfolk again! Much love from Norwich ;)
Feeling better using again that wonderful international system?
Ryobi is a solid tool if brushless
IT'S !!! FEARLESS !!! FLY !!!!!
everything is ok just f**king that steering wheel on the right ;p ;]]...Greetings from Poland :D
What happened to America. Why have you returned?
Go back to Amurica!!!
Im making my first forge after watching you videos! great stuff, keep it up.
can you do a cheap tool review?
Not gonna lie brother, I'm willing to bet you're gonna cry from frustration with those ryobis if you use them much. They're great homeowner tools but for someone who demands excellence day after day such as yourself, you'll be wishing you had spent the extra. I literally just went through this and am still licking my financial wounds from that experiment.
I always use the One+ Ryobi tools. And funnily enough only this weekend, built a new workbench using the Impact Driver. How you getting on with them?
Someone says "Hey Alec, I heard you need some  lighting; what would you think of some recessed lighting right over your work space?" to which Alec replies "Nah, I think I'll just make the entire ceiling of light."
Welcome back to the uk
British internet speed never ceases to disappoint.
You should of had Collin Furze sleeping in the corner when you turned the lights on. Lol hope to see you two work together at some point.
The thing about Ryobi tools is that they’re OK. That’s it. Not great, just OK.
I've got the Ryobi tools myself and I think they're great. Most likely your saw issue was due to a low battery. The saw pulls a lot of amps and if the battery is low it will cut out.
Shouldn't the MDF be screwed on top of the plywood so that it can be used and abused, then easily replaced when the time comes?
hmmm.....buy once cry once.....where have I hard that saying?? We shall see about Ryobi
Here's a comment and like for the YouTube algorithm. Goodluck with the new old workshop Alec!
I had always sworn by Dewalt when I was on site as a chippy.  But since then I've made the move to Ryobi and they are equally as good!  That Impact Wrench is insanely good!  Used to whiz the bolts of my T5 wheels effortlessly which were torqued to 180nm.
Evadently ridged from home depot has lifetime replacement warranty. Just something you might want to check into.
I have found that if I uses the 4ah batteries with the circular saw it lasts significantly longer than you would expect when compared with smaller batteries. For example one of my small batteries won't last long at all in my angle grinder but will last significantly longer in the drill. I'm sure this might be the same with all cordless power tools but some don't require more power than others.
amazing Ideas !!! hyped for more episdes!
Back at the old workshop, that's incredible! I can feel the steele livestream coming with Sam. Complete with drinking game!
Hi Jamie!
Another workshop .... save some for other people why don’t you 🤣
It's getting rather soap operish
Stoked to see the neon green tools getting a try out! I've been using them since 2012 (fun fact, I still have my original drill and 1/2" impact driver!) And use the angle grinder for cutting out knife blanks!
That was your battery died. Lithium ion batteries just stop when dead
So Cool lads
So what are you not telling us Alec? What's the real reason you're opening up in the U.K. again? You know something we don't? I know that the American government and press don't tell Americans the truth, and when leaving America, you get to hear what's really going on! So what's going on man? Besides having covid and not wearing a mask with your help standing right next to you! And what's up with the Mrs.? Is she with you? Just curious!
"Yeah Meet the new Shop Same as the old Shop!"  Apologies to P. Townsend
Been using Ryobi for decades...good tools...you won’t be disappointed.
love it
INTERNET SPEED: I've been in my home for 23 years. I've gone from telephone-line internet (??I think, I really can't remember??) to cable internet for a LONG time then... this last August we got Fiber Optic for $60 a month. The speed is now ridiculous!! I can't wait to see what is available 10 years from now.
JAMIE's BACK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Alec, the irony of the new old new shop was still vacant should not be lost - nice to see you applying the lessons learned from experience to make the new new old second workshop redux into a new success ! Have fun!
... Call Jaime.. Oh hey! He's there!
Mighty Car Mods swears by their Ryobi tools...
The  circular saw binding wasn't because of the saw, it was because the plywood wasn't properly supported, so as it began to bend, it pinched the blade. Would have happened on any saw.
That internet is atrocious....
Dude, you're just the coolest kid!  I very much enjoy your videos.
Need a sweatshirt with both flags on it!!
Alec Steele's honest enthusiasm for building things is refreshing -- among all the fake enthusiasm many YouTubers exhibit.
I saw the hammer for sale on Facebook market place......
Did you get kicked out of the USA?
Amazing that the old shop is still available. It's like a do-over.
Amazing that the old shop is still available. It's like a do-over.
I’ve used ryobi tools successfully for years. I definitely prefer dewalt, but the ryobi tools have outlasted multiple batteries and just keep on going.
im actually really excited to see this old shop again!
So great seeing Alec back in the last UK workshop. Imo the best content was made there!
I think you did your best work in that workshop  Welcome back to Blighty
Would be nice to see the old Barker st workshop now
Careful......buy once cry once
Does this mean a return of Sam?
Where is Sam
A good workshop should always be divided into a workspace, a storage area, a delivery area, and an office. So I think that cutting your workspace in half is absolutely the right way to go. The other half can now be your storage, delivery and office area. Plus room to expand if you suddenly decide to hav a new tool :)
Haha!
U have a wife ?
Who could possibly downvote this?
Stop saying lumber 🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
The editing of these videos is amazing man love it. Love the energy this guy always has too. Just all around an amazing show to watch
They installed your steering wheel on the wrong side.. smh
anyone else curious how alex got the doggo through quaratine so quickly?
Isn't it a whooole lot of money just to be able to work on your days off?
So you've gone back to your old workshop (which you have to refit after you emptied it the first time). And now you are going to build a workshop inside the workshop to make people think they are in a workshop. Genius! 😶😶🤯🥸🧐🤠🤠🤪🤪🤪🤪
"This place looks untouched... Just like it did when I left it" I mean, I know it's not true but I have to say it... that's because you left it so bad nobody wanted it?
Hi Alec, I am trying to start a podcast interviewing people that started from scratch but git successful in their business in crafts (so the old crafts, as in handwork). I was wondering if you would be interested in taking some time for an interview recording for it.
Me having been away from this channel for awhile: "Wait, what happened to Montana?" Alec gives intro... Also Me: "Ohhhh, ok."
yes yes yes... Colin Furze ... and ME...  :-)  gonna fly there guys ..
Really love this older and cozy style, also building and DIY is great :D
Hi alex ,love the channel m8 ,could you make me a motorhead warpig please ,not too big ,I will reward you handsomely 😃😃😃😃
You don't have to buy mor expensive tools. A 5.0ah battery will do just fine for your handsaw. As a carpenter, I've struggled with this problem as well.
You can really tell it's the UK because the frequency of the fluorescent lights clashes with the camera frame rate, especially in time lapse. Gotta love internationally inconsistent mains standards
7:50 HaHaHa😆
What antenna is that?
Now all Alec needs to do is clone himself so he can do dueling creators.
Clever Alec putting Yogo in the sponser slot... he knoows noone will skip ahead of that cute doggo face!
Ryobi is pretty good for the money had a set going on 5 years now.
I like my Ryobi tools but I hate that cordless circular saw.
i seen quite a few youtube channels using ryobi tools , and i havent heared anyone complain about them
please tick 'stabilize' when you upload the video, making me seasick!
I missed Jamie!!!
We get 12 mbps at my house, it is the highest it can go.😭
I'm so surprised you scored the old UK workshop back like that! Kinda makes one wonder what it was used for, for the last little while. Good on you! Lived the experience once, of going back to live in the home I was born and raised into later in life. It's a little surreal, but at the same time, very homely and cozy good!
What type of internet setup is that and is it offered in the usa
I’ll just say, that I built my own website Squarespace because of your videos, and used your code for my original purchase. I’ve had my website with them for 3 years now, and I love it.
Ma new Briish workshop
You know you made it when you have 2 workshops each on a different continent.
4:20 The plywood is flexing and pinching the blade. User error not the fault of the tool ;) Don't think any battery powered saw would manage that.  I'm not a Ryobi fan but mostly due to the short lifetime of their batteries, but I heard that they've fixed that now.
You know hes in england when Henry is chilling in the background
Needs a coke forge for old times sake :D
ryobi is pretty good for the price.  some are better then others thats for sure
There is nothing worse on this earth than a battery powered circular saw. Just the worst. I ripped mine apart and made a high rev buffing wheel.
Cryobi, huh?  Buy once, cry once.
So good having Jamie back in person!! it shows in the quality of the fun filming!
So in studio terms you've painted the set in overheads and one side of the shop is a wildwall. Check!
It’s gonna be sad to see Alec leave the USA...
Has anyone looked into the tax rates for in Britain?? 😬
Yo man thanks for posting this....lol i literally just jumped into my first real workshop today and seeing how you’ve done is real encouraging for me 👍🏾👍🏾 im transitioning from a small 10 x 10 storage unit to a 20 x 40 workshop 😬...so much space difference its unreal haha. Keep it up man
Cool! Im brazilam & i watch you Alec
I suspect I'm not the only one who would be thrilled to see Sam come for a visit if you're still on good terms.
So both Alec and Will are building a new workshop... Steel VS Stelter is now at a different level!
Hopefully those ryobi tools give you less grief than mine do
tbh i have all the new ryobi stuff and it all works absolutely killer for the price! honestly cant be beat.
I give up .just useless.
Good Luck, come back soon......... with more content
homie really went to the us, saw the mess it is, and said nope im going back
I am glad you bought those Ryobi tools, not because I wish you ill, but because I am genuinely curious how well they hold up. Afaik, the glue gun is a must have, but everything else I'd rate so poorly I'd prefer to just not buy a tool until I had more to spend. Looking forward to see how they treat you!
With the Ryobi, always always get the bigger stronger batteries. Unless you're using them for general household use, don't use the smaller batteries
I like my Ryobi tools. So far they have held up building three sheds, two fences and a deck.
The 4ah ryobi batteries totally transform the tools. Can't recommend enough
sir your car is on the wrong side of the road... sir?
ryobi makes really good tools
I'm curious what's going on with the color grading.
@Alec, just a thought, but putting panel lights over forge heat and similar hot areas seems like a possible issue, at least without very good cooling.  Hopefully you already considered this?  Also, I've had good luck so far with the cryobi corded products, not sure on the battery stuff.  Hope this helps some.
Ryobi is very good quality.  You just have be ready to swap out batteries regularly.
Oh no...he went with Ryobi
If your going to buy loads of the lights your better off going to an electrical wholesaler
Why he decided to come back to UK?
Will you have invisible wall that is the "new, old warehouse"? At leat until you make walls.
THE NOSTALGIA!!!!
Buy once cry once Alec
Can I get an F in chat for Will?  Great vid Alec, just showing Will some well deserved, and probably much needed love
You know he just has excessive amounts of money
Hell YES! I'm so glad you recognize what was lost with the original workshop, and are trying to recreate that close, lived-in vibe you had before. All of the bright lights are nice for machining and grinding and whatnot, but a smithy looks way sexier when the forge and glowing steel are part of your lighting setup. I'm impressed that you always seem to get your heats right under those bright lights.
'Came up with an idea of steele tubes'  Oh, the same idea you had in the your previous workshop
Buy a better diablo blade and use the hp+ batteries. The better batteries will give the saw a little more power
Alec please buy will a power hammer
Isnt this the same workshop that he had before he moved to america ? or does it just look very simlar ?
I love the feeling the old workshop gives me. Reminds me of the old days, it's good to be back.
I had Ryobi for a bit... complete disaster. Dewalt now.
You've been away to long Alec, it's called an adjustable spanner over here.   It's ok,  you're back home now,  no need for all that adjustable wrench malarkey. :-)
sign up for starlink when its available in your area.
Welcome back to the UK wonderful to have you here! Seeing you in this workshop reminds me of when you had a kiln near the big roller shutter door and made an old fashioned forge with coal. Great to see you back pal
Yeah, yeah, yeah, 10% off first purchase with Squarespace = good deal... But how much for the dog?
Just a quick advice on the tools - they are great but get some 5ah batteries. Your tools will work on steroids!
Surely now you’re back in the uk it should be “quid” and not bucks, “spanner” and not wrench...😉
Is it just me or does Alec really motivate anyone else to just go create stuff?
Looks nearly the same layout as the us workshop
i was hopping to see him back at barker street forge  it would be cool to see a revisit of the old place
I only every use a circular saw without putting a cheap foam insulation panel underneath whatever I am cutting. So much easier.
Puppy!!!!!
its so weird seeing you use a right hand drive ryobi drill.  UK quirks, amirite?!
🤣 its amazing how many youtubers seem to 'buy' the same Ryobi power tool sets..... Glad you are back in the UK again 👍.
"So let's pay some bills" has to be one of the best and most honest ad segues I've ever heard...
It would be really interesting if you could share how much you have spent total on your new Workshop! :)
Great to have you back Alec. Couple things...FYI it's timber and spanner.
Have you ever consumed cannabis, Alec?
so Alec.... when are we going to see the wifey we have heard about so much ?
9:20 and I immediately thought Colin Furze
New old second workshop still needs new lighting for videos!
Ryobi is a sub brand of milwaukee tools
this is okay. rather find out what happened to the powerhammer. you could fix the broken casting with metal stitch and a good weld. good luck.
Ryobi was a mistake. They're not even fit for children's toys. Milwaukee or bust
Hi Alec, Where did you find the cheap led lighting panel (The big one)? And you are right as soon as it says “Professional Photography” the price goes up. It’s like cakes and wedding cakes same same but at least double price.
I’m really impressed with how far you’ve come and how much you’ve done since you started. Making enough to have and extra workshop and tools to fill it is a big achievement, and you’re doing what you love. Congrats Alec
Hey Alec Steele! Your focused on setting up a video studio not a workshop! Please call it what it is first and foremost and that is a video studio! Thanks! Ride ride ride!
Nobody:   Alec: Qwaratene
At 10:00 I thought that shadow was a booger
Alex you knew we wanted Barker Street back and you failed us
Hold on hold on hold on.  Anybody else remember the first video of Alec making a "steel structure" to hold his lights on the ceiling the first time he was in that workshop??  So much de ja vous 🤣🤣🤣
4:14 - that had nothing to do with the tool and everything to do with the small pressure you put on the wood, clamping the blade of the saw stuck.  Know better.
Hey Jamie! Now we just need Mr Pilkington back.
I'm genuinely excited about this new project!
I miss old Mr Pilkington!
The fact that he can jump from millimeters, to inches  and back to millimeters is mind boggling to me
That great British weather
Proper british indoor woodworking: Swedish pressure-treated wood. Haha!
Alec Steele jost got interesting again
You're in the UK now. Its spanner not wrench.
Still don’t get it. I’m sure I missed something. I thought Alec was just on holiday in the UK and would be returning to the USA after a visit. Hope nothing bad has happened. Is Alec’s wife from the UK? Would be strange to uproot the wife to be far from her family. With all due respect Jamie is no Will
A lil tip for the cheaper skill saw and good practice for cleaner cuts set the saw depth to a few mill proud of the thickness you want to cut limits surface area in contact with the timber reducing effective friction. I also like to use a bit of paraffin wax from tea lights to lube up the blade
If possible yellow light like lamps I think would give a really nice look to the workshop
Mr Furze could rent out the other half of your shop.
It is these types of videos, where you're scrapping to get things together, ideas and projects are in their infancy, that I truly enjoy. Please, PLEASE draw this out to more videos and more details, if you can. This is fascinating and I'm sure invaluable to those folks who are also starting out. Cheers, glad you're healthy and well across the pond with the family. :)
I think the Ryobi tools will serve you well. Mine certainly have for DIY level stuff. However, get yourself a couple of 4Ah (or higher) batteries. The angle grinder and circular saw will thank you. If you can, maybe get Will to ship you some over from Montana, they get better deals on the Ryobi batteries.
The power tools might do the job,  just upgrade the batteries 👍🏻
Im sorry, i must have missed the link to that works, cus i assumed this was a blacksmith channel...
Hey Alec what is that 4G antenna ?
I'm sorry for your ryobi purchase. Everyone of their tools has failed me quickly. They're just not built to pro standards
bacho SPANNER :)
Lumber...bucks... Wrench... Your back in the UK Alec!! LoL
This reminds me a bit of starting a new save in Minecraft, or Satisfactory, or Factorio or something.... yes you have to start from scratch, but somehow that also feels like an opportunity to optimize.
How the hell did ryobi manage to sponsor this? I imagine it will last for 1 month, hope it gets enough newbies to shell out
Is that Norfolk?
Bruh his internet in the middle of nowhere is three times better than mine
The smallest flex is that he drives manual
JAMIEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!
JAMIE!!! Like to send Jamie good vibes
Is the dog filming or what😂😂😂
Awesome to see you back in the UK Alec and even better that your workshop was still available! I'm definitely guilty of wanting more space... Maybe I could try just keeping what I have tidy 😂
Alec in 2016  --  I bought this cheap spray bottle and I'll never go with the cheap version again  Buy once Cry once!  Alec in 2020 - I went with the cheapest tools I could find.
Your back in uk now mate its timber not lumber anymore 😉
I'm quite interested to see what you think of the Ryobi One+ kit. I have a couple of pieces, and I find their battery life is lacking, even with the 5Ah batteries. The belt sander lasts a grand total of 20 minutes before needing a recharge. Not that useful.
You *did* check to align that 4G modem antenna with the cell tower after you put it back up, right ?
JAMIE!!!
Ave! Workshop novo, similis workshop seneca.
Ryobi’s line of One+ tools are really impressive for the price. They have a nice selection and variety of tools and they keep adding more. You will really want to get some of the 4AH batteries though.
When is Sam going to visit?
Does anyone else see the beginning of the end of Alec and Will? 🤔
Why not just buy a smaller workshop
Wow how great is that the old second workshop.  Memories
I just thought that the editing and shots are pretty good in this video. And of course it is because in the UK is also Jamie! Glad that u guys are focusing again on the visual side of the videos. Exited to see and follow the development there!
Montana WAS fantastic to see! UK is grey :(
Delighted to see you back in the Norwich workshop, it feels like you're gone full circle. Not long now before you reclaim Barker Street as some third mini workshop... Also JAMIE'S BACK!!! I  know he's been editing but it's great to see him back in the flesh
Alec Steele is by definition an International Blacksmith/ Businessman!!
Be good to see it when it’s all up and running. Is that in Norwich? And will you be taking staff on
Alex building in UK: mmmm metric
Let me put it this way, I'd rather buy the cheapest crap from harbor freight than any Ryobi tool. At least with harbor freight you aren't wasting that much money.
It is beginning to take shape, that new workshop. I like it! 👍😁
That's great, Alec. Amazing.  BTW, a shout-out to your sponsor. As a full time graphic designer, I've often used Squarespace, along with some other web building tools. SS has its benefits and drawbacks, but I've always felt it has a more professional feel right out of the box than other web building tools I've used. (No, I am not in any way sponsored.)  I'd MUCH rather see you supported by them than stupid free to play mobile games.
Great to see Jamie back !!
i disagree with only one thing... the first thing you should have built was a couple of sturdy sawhorses. then you wouldn't be all down on the ground trying to cut stuff. otherwise, keep up the awesome job!!!!
Who buys 2ah batteries then blames the tools for dying 🤣🤣🤣
Maybe you should try pallets on the wall instead of other types of timber you were looking at. They give a great aesthetic and are rather inexpensive (or FREE) depending on where you source them !
His come you’ve moved back to England?
Nice to see you back in nelsons country.
It's only appropriate that the UK workshop has got a Henry...
so HYPEEDDDDD
4:50 : sorry mate, you'll have to build another bench.
Also: they are back because someone's pregnant. Calling it now.
OK WE ARE BACK TO VLOG CONTENT AND I'M HERE FOR IT! ALSO.... TRENDING WTFFF?
Great to see you back in the old workshop. Didn't predict this would happen, brilliant.
Welcome back to East Anglia
Ryobi tools are really nice, i've worked with them in the past and i still use some of them today. If you want really strong and durable tools Milwaukee and Hilti are the best choise.
Interested to see what you think of the Ryobi tools.😎🤙👍
so question, what antenna system do you use for the internet please?
Is there gonna be a new "Host" for the Montana workshop once Will officially moves out?
I love my Ryobi tools, so I bet you'll be pretty happy with yours. They probably aren't great for super heavy/frequent use, but for the purpose of medium-term work or to buy you plenty of time to save up for higher-quality tools, they are fantastic.
Nostalgia!!
Dear God please stop binding the  blade on the Skil saw. And place the blade to the depth of the material you’re cutting not more.
Alec man. I emailed you to give you my metal bandsaw but you didn’t reply. ..... grrrr! Haha
i have nothing against will, i believe he is VERY talented and i have enjoyed all their montana work and videos. I also have much appreciation and respect for Alec making that big move and increasing his success with business, and of course his talent in metalworking. BUT i really really really DO MISS the early days of just UK Alec and his early one man band builds. I know it was a ton of work being both the builder the camera man the editor the producer etc etc.... but he really put out some awesome material. I am looking forward to this new style of alec steele and getting back to that close quaint personal video style. congrats to all!
I haven't watched in a while and I'm a little lost. Are we going back in time
Alec should get a CNC machine and a sand blaster, things that lean more onto the engineering side,  for his UK based workshop.
WOOO man two work shops??  WOW good for you man!!  spend that cash!!
a blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaade please!
I haven't had very good experience with that brand of tools. I ended up switching all to DeWalt. I remember in an old video you said buy once cry once. That holds up.
When will we meet Mrs Steele?
Is this the end of "buy once cry once"?
okay Alec are your workshops the same? I feel like they look the same
Good lad going for r tech welders. Wicked products for a good price.
The Ryobi's arent bad, have been using them in adverse conditions for a few years now and they seem to be holding up.
please stop talking the yank slang your british although love your videos
It's not lumber mate, it's timber.
Idk if you know this my friend, but me and you are doppelgängers. If you’re interested, please send me a message and I can send you a picture so you can see for yourself!
Alec, how did you get such impressive upload speed in your internet please???
Nice. Enjoy your videos from the uk better. Solo is how you came up. More enjoyable videos that way.
I don't blame you for setting up another shop in another country just in case you have to snatch up a bag and leave in a hurry
This look... ugh!
Back to metric lovely jubley
OMG I am so pumped about this. So many flash backs
lumber...dont you mean timber alec lol
There is that green thing that confirms that this is the old workshop :D
thats not an sd card. thats a SIM card. But whatever. you are a blacksmith not the IT guy.
This video is extremely motivating me to spend some money lol
OMG I slowed the playback to 0.25 at 2:10 when Alec starts listing his to-do list so that I could read the last few items, and I think hearing him say "BUUUUUUYYY AAAA POWWWWERRRRHAAAAAMMMMERRRRRR" in slow motion is the funniest thing I've heard in quite a while  IM DYING HELP I've been at home for WAY to long🤣🤣
100% invest in the 5Ah Ryobi batteries you won’t regret it
This video rights some of the wrongs of 2020.
he could use the other half of the workshop as a testing area
How much wd40 does he need
Ah yess! the good ol' flickering
why did nobody tell me jamies kinda cute
I’m not trying to dawg on you or your carpenter but who uses treated lumber on indoor framework
best part of the UK workshop is the metric system xD
I’m still surprised how he hasn’t been knighted. I he was Britain’s youngest black smith
OK, but please, what are u doing in ur workshop all day? The most we see are fun projects only.
Leave Will in Montana and stay home please...
Why have anything in the US? Just move back to the UK permanently and get a shop that's half the size rather than pretending a giant workshop is half the size.
It must feel great for you to work with Jamie in person again. I could feel the friendship in this video. :)
I have been watching your videos for almost 5 years now. As I have seen you develop your craft, I have increasingly grown concerned that your popularity would grow too much, too fast and you would completely sell out, burn out, or simply just become someone you never wanted to be. There is a lot of pressure to always be moving forward to bigger and "better" things. It happens all the time with extremely talented people like yourself. You go from being a dedicated craftsman to an entertainer. It genuinely warms my heart to see you back in your old workshop and talking about slimming things down, reorganizing, and in a way, getting back to the basics. Just remember why you have become so successful: not because you are an entertainer, but because you are an incredibly talented and passionate blacksmith. Grow, hone your craft, and teach others as you do so. But please, never ever lose that wonder for your trade.
Alec, your sponsors should use you for a promo video of their platform. Honestly, if you hadn't started on the blacksmithing & content creation path, you would have been a madly successful  marketing expert.  P.s. the video genuinely made me feel warm after seeing you return to the old shop! 🙂
Linus Tech Tips collab for wifi maybe   maybe??
okay will some please explain why he's in the uk and is even setting up another shop
Didn't miss that stock lighting :P
Just stay here mate, you know you want to. You home is the green and pleasant land!
hillarious xD
The lovely poop green of Cryobi tools....
question: What is the rational for setting completely closing off the workshop using mobile/floating walls, rather than setting up in a corner and leaving the 4th wall open for camera/crew to move around (like the set of a TV show)? Is it personal preference, or is there some blacksmithing reason I'm not aware of?  When you set down the tape, I thought you were just going to be setting the boundaries of where the equipment went and where the wall facades would extend to, so you could plan your lightning and equipment placement... I didn't think you'd be setting up actual (floating) walls.
The wheel is on the wrong way???
I also have a lot of ryobi tools, you want to put bigger batteries in the mashines. Makes them way more powerful.
Are we going to see sam
Feels like a return to form. I felt channel content peaked in the early days of this shop.
I love thay most EVERY contractor has a set of Ryobi something that works really well and this is his first time haha
The old work shop
Me thinking oh that could be your old english shop just pixled
I miss your Barker Street days.
Alec i got ryobi drills /impact driver ect for my pick up truck set only thing I don't like the drills don't have lights but they have magnets for bits i noticed they heavy they die quicker but for a second cheap set they pretty good
Works with heated metal, decides to coat workshop in wood.
You just need a bigger battery like the 6.0 for the ciclersaw
Ryobi tools are awesome. I use them 10 hours a day 6 days a week for years.
Don’t forget to install sound dampening materials of some kind. Not just for video quality but also to protect your hearing
It would be nice you'd use centimeters and meters so much more used to that i only use mm when i need to small increments and small stuff
7:52 thats the look you're going for? That particular look...
I subscribed when Alec moved into his workshop in Montana. Loved seeing the videos of the shop coming together. Looking forward to more videos just like that with the new shop
he really should have just gone for a better tool brand Ryobi is good but not gonna last well
You're trying to make it into cellular manufacturing. Which honestly works really well if you know how to use all the machines like you do. I worked in a cell for years with a laser, pressbrake, and welder. No part hit the floor until it was done.
I love a good workshop build. I'd love to know how Will is getting on though after the Event.
Awwn he'S back to his old place, so cute
Come on u had a Henry vacuum cleaner there. When cutting ur timber why didnt u plug Henry directly to the Circular saw.
Does this also mean you're going to be shipping your awesome stuff from the UK in the future? 😁
Get Mr Pilkington back!!!!
I don’t know why, but the workshop build/move videos are some of my favorites.
If those tools give out, try Rigid. It's what I use and it works really well and is fairly cheap. I'm an appliance technician and I tend to abuse some of my tools just a lil
Yo mate. Love the enthusiasm, but mate. If you wanna use a circular saw. Please buy the 9ah batteries. And tell us what you think. :) its like using a makita on steroids
Alex is like the rich celebrity of blacksmiths, but instead of having big houses arround the world he has big shops arround the wolrd
please take us with you when you build up that workshop, love it !
Cryobi, absolute junk.
Some of your best work was in that shop. 👍
Only one option,.... GET MR PILCINTON BACK!
will the metric system return too?
MSC direct is in my opinion the best supplier :) If you can't find something in their catalogue, give them a call and they might be able to help you getting stuff. For welding equipment I know great company who cam give you nice price on quality equipment and provide full support if needed. If you want just let me know and I can send you message if possible
NileBlue made a kitchen knife from Bismuth but he has no knife making skills! Amusing video, but I would love to see your try at a Bismuth knife! I bet you could get the crystals, if only for the entertainment.
Ryobi gear is my new fave.
I’m beginning to think Alec doesn’t like sitting still...
WOOOO JAMIE!!!
hey bud, your measurements broke... You’re giving us numbers in the “milly meet her”...whatever that is.  Please switch back to freedom units.
Get Sam back!!!!!!!!!
You need your personality mr Pinkerton back. Welcome to the metrics and Jamey
Welcome home pal x
Shoulda bought Milwaukee, nothing else comes close to them!
I've use CPO Outlets for Factory Reburbished/Reconditioned tools, they're usually half the price, but I'm not sure if they serve the UK.
Oh look! It's raining in England.
Get yourself some DeWalt or Milwaukee tools.
Are you going to be selling any of your belt grinders over here 🙏
This is like starting a new Minecraft base on the other side of the map... lol
I swear if he brings back Mr. Pilkington, I'm throwing a PARTY
I love those Ryobi tools!!!! They will perform better if you get the 4mA thick batteries.
That freeze frame from barker st. Looked just like Dana Carvey in Wayne’s world! Lol  had me dying
Hi Alex, I really rate Ryobi (used them over two years to build a 6bed self build home in Warwickshire) the brushless drill chuck has worn now but other than that they have worked flawlessly. The trick tho, is use them with a minimum 4amp battery, it transforms them. Hope that helps. All the best Si
Alec. Are you thinking off selling your merchandise and equipment in the UK?
Mr. Steele is in need of some new flags!
can't wait to see more!!
Good luck with everything Alec ! You're an amazing creator ! All the best :) (From a South African living in France :p )
The Ryobi circular saw is just fine - but the blade that comes with it is absolute crap.  Replace the blade with a Freud Diablo and you’ll see a night & day difference.
can you call SAM FOWLER and get him back, would love a farrier special again, did something bad happen between these two?
My shop is only 20/25 and i could't ask for more.
See Bethesda! This is how you Build nice Walls!
Looks like nobody needed a shop while you were in the USA. How broken is economy in England?
Get yourself a nice Fairbanks power hammer to really tie it all together
welcome back
Bring Sam back please
I'm enjoying the metric, i actually know whats going on
You'll be happier with Ryobi tools if you get the 4ah batteries. Those small ones that come in the kit don't have the balls to run a circular saw
I love this guy because just by looking at them you would think he does what he does
It is time to bring Collin out from behind the bustbin. I think he has been waiting long enough for a reappearance.
You're in England now. Its back to being a spanner.
I don't need to buy another ladder. "Already bought another ladder"
Wife? What did I miss?
Après le Montana, après l'angleterre pourquoi pas venir dans la Nievre?
He seems so happy :))
Don't think the issue was the circular saw's level of quality with the plywood cut.  Your plywood wasn't supported properly so it was bending and binding.  A more powerful saw could have just kicked back even harder.
Could you put insulation in the back of the mobile walls? Would that help with sound absorption?
It’s so cool that you got back into you old shop...awesome
Of all the people Alec worked with, Jamie is still my favourite.
Long live sam
This is awesome Alec, I for one appreciate the Alec Steele Empire you are creating
I love my Ryobi tools, and the availability of batteries is awesome.  Get the 4 amp hour batteries, and you'll never go back to the 1.5s.
Quite the investment. I wish you well.
What happened to Jamie he got old.
Alec, are you leaving Montana for good? Or what’s your plans for this workshop?
"Lumber" (timber), "dollars" (pounds), "wrench" (spanner), "siding" (cladding). Are you sure you're back in the United Kingdom?
You're an inspiration mate.
I think it's so cool that you could get the old workshop back! A blast from the past!
Alec you forgot..."Buy once cry once!"
Ryobi should be fine, considering you probably won't use the tools too much. Cutting the plywood was difficult because it was binding. You set it up so that the weight was falling in. Better to support each side of the cut so that the plywood doesn't fall to either side. You keep screwing into end grain. This is far, far weaker than pocket screws. If you insist on keeping the end grain screws, add some framing brackets.
We have the ryobi set. The circular saw likes a different blade. Lots of bog and recoil with the original blade
Carpenter here, those tools will work.... all the way until thwy won't.  They are good but not great. Glad you saved a buck or two.
You going to buy back your PILKINGTON?
Need a workbench make a workbench
Switch out the blade that came with that circular saw for a better one, itll be as good as any saw after that, the supplied one is a bit naff.
This guy has two workshops in different corners of the wotld and i can't even manage to get one...  Nevertheless great to have you back on this side of the pond, even if it's part time
He's really Americanizing, he's building a wall to keep the tools out.
Knew you wouldn't be able to handle it.
Video Idea: try and make some damascus cookies out of normal and some chocolate cookie dough. I tried and basically just mada a mess. Would love to see if you can make it.
Not the cheap saw, the wood was bending and binding up on the blade.
Been watching for years. Never knew he had a wife
Welcome back to Blighty mate.
My dad likes his Ryobi's and he uses them fairly often. Old farm boy that buys houses to flip em.
Teach your dog to speak witch buttons.
I’ll never complain about my wifi speed again.
"This is what happens when you cheap out on tools!" - waving goodbye to a Ryobi sponsorship/collab there!
Ryobi never lasted for me. Ridged brand I have had for 5 years and haven't even had to even replace a battery.
I think that I might get some of those light panels for my garage rather than light strips
Did I miss an announcement video where the UK move was announced?
👍👌❤👍👌❤👍👌❤
Well, Mighry Car Mods very strongly recommend Ryobi :)
Honestly, had too many bad experiences with Ryobi. They make decent bench saws / grinders, that's about it. Like most consumer Bosch stuff, only good for light duty. Hitachi / Makita / DeWalt / Milwaukee etc.
Cutting MDF indoors with no BA or Extraction, naughty Alec
Welcome back Alec 👍👍👍
Dude! I missed the metric Alec!
Why am I so excited that you have your old workshop back? I guess it's the nostalgia. I watched all your videos and it's so exciting to see how far you've come.
So glad to see the old workshop back maybe he can finally put back up the Tennessee state flag he use to have up in there.
Don't forget to reserve a little playing area for future little Alec or Alexia. You got the space now. :P
Get proper battieries to the ryobi tools and they work fine. 4ah+
Will is leaving, Alec (after, and despite, learning USA is better and Montana will let him make almost any weapon) is setting up to be 1/2 time back in england. Me worries that there will be problems soon.
You are back in the UK - 'spanner' please, not the USAism 'wrench'  :-)
Its cool to see you in your old new shop
It needs to FLOW.....
going back to your roots, awesome to see how far you have come. you should be proud of yourself mate!
I've had Ryobi tools for years. Are they cheap? Yes they are cheap in price. But they work quite well and have held up. I love them, even though I still call them Cryobi 😂😂😅
I'm a structural ironworker. I do a lot of cutting and grinding in my garage. The handle on the ryobi grinder rotates 90 degrees which is awesome.  3 years of abuse it still does the job, and shows the same exact wear and tear as my dewalt
Cheap tools are made for people that dont use it very frequently. I'd say you definetly will feel the gain of proper tools
Yeah. My Ryobi tools have lasted just fine. For half the cost, they last longer than half the time.  Though any battery operated circular saw will bind when the plywood sags and pinches it.  Also, it’s cheaper and more powerful to buy a corded saw and extension cord than a portable one.
JAMIE!!!!!!! That was better than the old new workshop for me!
How much does that 4g internet cost in uk?
695 for a 4 day class that I get to come home with all those tools from sign me up!!
so after 40 secs of listening to to you spout on about squarespace bollocks you get the thumbs down,
What a cute sponsorship promo doggo. :) way to go. Yogo.
Good video, just a bit confused why he's boreded up half the work shop. When he had it before he didn't have it and it was I really good workshop
Careful with those LED panels! Bought a bunch of those particular ones a few months back and the LED drivers are starting to pop one by one!
I always use corded Ryobis... (Not a fan of any battery power stuff no matter who's it is.) They last a long time and you can buy 2 or sometimes 4 of them compared to the "name" brands... So if it is "mission critical" buy 2, keep one in the box. I have dropped them off ladders, decks, roofs, gotten them wet and dirty and they still keep working... No need to babysit them or worry about them like with a Festool or something else... And people won't steal them because there is hardly resale value to equal going to jail for.
work more pleaze, i love your  work and video
Alec, one ought not to refer to things as “Jimmies” it nearly 2021 not Jim Crow era
My experience with the Ryobi circular saw is that the saw is great, but the blade needs to be replaced right off the bat. If you can find an Irwin or Diablo blade to put on it, your cutting capability will improve drastically.
Congrats Alec!
Stop  yout being weird
My experience of Ryobi tools are that they're tosh. Unfortunately you get what you pay for. Good luck with the new workshop, look forward to it taking shape!
Just wondering from the time-lapse shots: is your camera still set up for 60 Hz flicker from the US, or did you go back to 50 Hz?
i am having so much deja vu right now omg so many memories i remeber
How is Will going after his last heartbreaker of a video
Perform a spider diagram. That will tell you how much walking you do, and from where to where.  This is where your efficiencies are to be found.
someone gets a partnership with Ryobi... i want to make videos just to having free tools!
Cool, i had quitted seen your channel since four five month an so.. yo all guys are great, just less intresting..not so appealing anymore to me.. now feels back like in the beginning, more exciting  you know i have seen your channel since chef mike...  all the best
Wait your wife?? 😱😱
I have to say I cant fault my Ryobi products either.
Am I the only one who wants to see alec permanently back in the UK making videos like he use to with Jamie? I stopped watching when he started putting Will in videos
Yogo the camera girl lol
Ok Jamie... home office is over...
I love how he has a massive shop but is literally cutting it in half
Anyone else notice the German three sign at 2:01? He’s no more British than those Ryobi tools!
Elbow bump... im umsubscribing. Sick of people fallong for the greatest scam in modern history.
You have stumbled upon a lesson I have to learn over and over again in my life: Buy Once Cry Once.  I can’t tell you how many times I’ve tried to “save some money” by buying a slightly less expensive product. “I saved X number of dollars...” But then it doesn’t work as it should and I have to go buy the other thing anyway. Which means I spent twice the amount of money as I should have. If you’re going to save some money on tools, go REALLY REALLY cheap, or get it off marketplace or whatever. If the tool is just temporary to get you going, go cheap as a stop gap until you can get the better tools/whatever it is. Again, I can’t say how often I have to relearn this lesson... SMH.
Gotta be the most genuine sponsorship shout-out I've ever seen
Dude, Makita is the best
Back to real units ?
Most of my power tools are Ryobi. I like them. If you get all in the same battery type your golden!
This was best video in ages! Very unexpected to see you back at the old workshop! Very exciting watch it all get set up again!  All it's missing is Will...
Not gonna lie when those lights cut on and I saw those stairs my heart fluttered a little. I love that you're in the US now but the amount of hours I watched you in this shop...well I'm glad to see you're back there.
Can I ask who supplies the SIM cards for your antenna? I wanted to get one for a laptop I own but can't find anyone who sells 4g-only cards
Why does he move back?! UK is a shitty place for swords and weapons and the shop in Montana was just in the beginning to get rolling. Did the expanses exeed the budget?
I can't fathom how you are able to afford all this stuff. Your sponsor has to be great or you have a lot of money or you have a lot of debt. Or maybe it's a combination of all three.
Is internet from sim card faster then VDSL connection? or is there no normal internet connection?
Your best series are when you build your workshops. i hope you are going to build in more places later :-)
Good, nostalgic SA add at end of vid.  Well done Alec!
The saw stalling was probably from the saw blade and not from being under powered
Hey Alec, please set up a camera and live stream the workshop set-up? Would be great to see the though process :)
I KNEW IT!!!
"cry from stress"  ;D
Cool, MikroTik SXT
"you can still see where Mr Pilkington was bolted down"... That's a phrase that makes me nervous, given my surname....
Don’t need to buy a new ladder then see a new ladder all wrapped up on the floor 😅🤣
This is so cool!
Short version. wtf! Alec.  Long version.  What a time to arrive Alec, just as Boris and his team on behalf of Klaus Schwab and the globalists is bankrupting all small private companies because soon they are going to present a new rule book full of crazy hoops they expect you to jump through and don't want too much noise. So daily you will see many going to the wall. The furlough scheme is keeping many on cut down wages to space out the noise they will produce when they all end up unemployed. Any chance of a recovery or return to normal ended in May. We are heading for a depression and a deep one, some time soon they will switch off the Shareholder capitalist system in readiness for Stakeholder capitalism where no one will own anything as everything will be rented and there will be tight controls on materials.  A main aim is to remove Envy from society because it causes a lot of angst apparently. To achieve that they are bringing everyone in the West down to the same financial level, (this is a planned wholesale destruction of the middle classes, Blair destroyed the working classes by reducing their wages in 2000), and with the same outlook on life. I see that as poor and doomed for many.  I can watch the videos on the World economic forum site and the UN's, the sun is always shining and everyone looks happy.  "We won't own anything and be happy" it says on the graphic. On the Danish PM's blog she says we won't even own clothes and we'll be happy. She talks of heading to a sleep pod arranged by the cloud and meeting the other multi coloured occupants who she has never met before, and everyone is so happy she wonders how we've coped without the cloud for so long. She is obviously living on some cloud of her own. You will be lying in bed thinking about steam hammers and the chip in your brain will contact the cloud, and a drone will deliver one for you to try out is the idea.  Carbon plan,  Everybody needs to read their local version urgently,  Mine says lobby government to cut the population yet I am not in a high population area, price many off the roads, make Cities one way streets only? Dual lane roads like the A38, to be made single and the other side rewilded, it goes on for pages and pages like a IPCC report. Which is a Political Science Climate outfit with little relation to real Science. Facts don't count just keep repeating the mantra, Co2, Co2, sea level rise, die, die. Luckily with those high ceilings there is room for another floor. Fuel prices will force many off the roads as planned. Big Suv's will not be allowed in the Green lane. Travel will be for the rich only. Cycling will be the norm. To assist in saving the planet and you do want to save the planet don't you, don't you, don't you, Bosses will have to provide Sleep pods for the workers to cut down on their travels and CO2 production. They have this idea they keep forcing on us, it's fully political science, bares no relation to real science that CO2 is causing the planet to heat up and we are all going to die. Sleep pods are in use in China and it hasn't helped the Climate its all about Control. It is better as a plant food than it is as a warmer. Anyone producing it will  be flattened by an absolute mountain of regulation and therefore cost, unless they are in China. Eventually all will live at work or very close to their work and it will look like China. Everything will have to be sustainable, Inclusive, usefull and pushed through many fake green hoops.  Banks and Pensions. Yes the Banks will crash, and the Pension funds, it's just when, January the 1st 2021 won't be too early as debt levels are mentally high, the IMF has called for a new Bretton Woods, that means a new currency, and a new system soon. The IMF will lend money but the condition is you lockdown and mask up thereby ruining your economy so you can't pay it back. Why would they do such a thing. The IMF have a Debt recovery plan. Men in suits will arrive on the next plane. When Klaus says you'll own nothing he means nothing, Zilch, Zero, no money no property, no private pension, no clothes. Holidays Are for the bin for the masses. History. Some are currently keeping no money in the Banks at all, what? really? yes really, some are keeping it under their beds, some are buying precious metals, and some are still buying stocks. Some have no spare money at all. Many have ploughed their money into assets. I saw one chap off the TV with twenty four houses only days ago. Some will have a collection of shoes. The Envy brigade will be on to them shortly. And they will end up owning nothing. If you own your own house or have a spare room, you can stay in it for now, but the Globalists who will own it will fill the other rooms from the cloud. They are currently building stocks on local Army bases and in hotels. In the past Banks have denied access to funds as a first block. Banks and Governments have stolen pensions overnight, Banks have limited withdrawals and governments have requested metals to be handed over and stolen anything over a set level in cash. They've also made keeping it at home illegal. In May the Davos meeting takes place and I'm expecting the Agenda to march on with speed from that date.  The aim is a basic income for all, with a time based currency, spend it by a set date or it disappears. Saving will not be possible. You will be sent to work, there will be no choice on the job.  High energy use and burning stuff, with an extreme Sustainability control on Materials and a fake Carbon plan, and a fake Green fourth Industrial Agenda, make this a more than risky adventure to be considering at this time Alec. Sadly it's a global Agenda so it will be the same at home. The manufacture of anything is going to be looked at through a politicised magnifying glass with an extreme left wing feel to it. It's why Trump was moved aside, he was delaying things.
The exact same workshop where the pilkington stood..  Jep! He is gone snatch that puppy!
Can definitely tell you've been living in America !! 😂😂
Been using ryobi for a while and had no issues atall even used the impact wrench when working on my car
Still feeling bad for Will :(
cryobi
It's amazing to see how much thought you put in the video making, in the optics and how the video making dictates the space. It's a part you usually don't see. I like it a lot.
Yayyy Alec is back in uk old school vibes 🤣
so you actually travel alot then?
Great Video's. Extremely informative and Interesting. Can't wait for the next one.
I believe the problem with your Ryobi cordless saw is the method you are using to cut, not the saw itself. I observed you cutting in a few clips. I noticed that you lay both ends of the board on a surface and cut through the unsupported area. This causes the unsupported area, where you are cutting to sag as you work through the material, causing your blade to bind in the work. If you will support the material on one side only, placing your cut just past your support, then the end can dangle and fall off, as you cut through, rather than bind your saw blade.
Great video
Deja view ;P Gotta get Sam back in a video! and of course Colin !
The shop is all good, but why didn't you just rent a smaller shop? Wouldn't that have saved a lot more money?
When is Mr and Mrs Steele going to have a Baby Will on the way?😂
So cool that you're back! Much inspiration has been created there and transferred here to me. Keep it up!
now that you are in GB again, you should call up Colin furze :D
God save the queen. It's nice to see you back in the UK. That Dog is great too.
Steeltube should be the name of your channel!
Mighty car mods only use Ryobi tools so they must be quite good  there sponsored by them now 2
sorry Alec....I think you’re gonna be unhappy after a few months with those Ryobi toys....
I love seeing the process of learning and use of experiences! This is why I am very glad to be a subscriber of your channel for quite some time now!
7:48 the picture of Alec looks like that guy from Shaun the Sheep I believe lol
Alec: drives a manual His channel base: gosh darn he's smarter even than we thought
I would love to start blacksmithing, but living in South Yorkshire with a full time job basically makes that impossible. Sad times.
Gonna be disappointed with the ryobi. Just saying, hahahahaha CONGRATS!!!
The screen at 7:50 is priceless. So much joy on his face. But to the video at hand: I liked the videolog theme with your quality music and little cinematic scenes inbetween. You really take us viewers along your day in this format and I love it.
Glad to see you back at it! Grats on the international expansion! Love where you are going with the lights and layout. I can't wait to see more video from there!
my son is a chef.  Once, he worked at a large, up-scale restaurant.  He use to complain that the kitchen was too big, not efficient.  I guess it is sort of the same thing.
cool, back in the uk, couldn't watch anything made in the USA
This is so fun to see! Very much looking forward to the episodes coming from the lovely new old second workshop. Brings up good memories seeing that space again.
Is Sam making a return as well?
So great to see you back there, it must bring back so many memories!
Splash out on a fancy microwave
Is anyone else worried about Will!? We left him close to tears!!
Looks like a long-term stay in UK :)
I'm confused. "Let's do the Time Warp again"...
the puppy!
Good luck with the Ryobi tools.
when the "cheap" options in the UK are some of the higher end one in Australia
Oh wow, seeing the old workshop again was fun! Cool to be back!
How awesome that your old workshop was there waiting for you. Good to see Jamie again, too.
Sooooo, where can I start sending flags to?
Alec built three workshops before. This one feels a bit more like a movie set for his videos, since he keeps the videography and visual aspects in high priority from the beginning. I like this new approach. He certainly learned a lot.
Just glad your back in the UK..  now first thing first..... WE'RE IS THE FLAG...come on ..you know it has to be put up first ..🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧
I have these tools, but the ones I see with previous ones that to com PO rastes are without brushes, mine have but they work very well
I wondered why so many furze references in the comments, then 9:20 arrived
I've got the same Bauker SDS drill, that thing is a beast, especially for the price :)
Will, pun intended, we be seeing Sam again for a livestream or two? I really liked those.
Its all in metric too!
Hello Alec,  so good to see you back in Blighty with your wife and Uogo, I have been watching you since the very early days of Barker St, glad to see you make such a great impression on the World 👍👍, we Brits get around quite a bit. Just a tip I am a 74 year old Joiner,  when you are cutting with a portable saw only cut just over the thickness of the board you are cutting  e.g.  Board 3/4" set saw to 1". You are not so likely to get a jamb with the blade. Please keep your videos coming from the U.S.A. and now Britain. Keep safe best wishes, Geoff Lewis, Wales,  UK, 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿
Nice to have back in three UK
Great to see you back in Blighty... looking forward to these videos.
Is that spare space in the workshop an opportunity to run a UK distribution hub for 'Alec Steele Co' in the UK?
Great to see u expand your business.  Always good to see good thing happen to great ppl. Best of luck to you.
Buy the 5AH Battery add alot more kick for the Ryobi tools that require more power
Welcome back to Stra.... North Norfolk Alec. You've come back to the best county of the country. Im sure your keen to get them long 'refreshing' dog walks along Brancaster beach.
Yes. This is awesome. Great stuff mate. Cant believe you are back at the 2nd new old workshop
Love how ppl think 20 down and up is good....
Now you're back in the UK can we have our pounds sterling, Celsius and millimetres back please? 😆 Welcome back to Blighty, we've missed you!
But congrats on the success and 2nd workshop.  I have been watching since the Bakerstreet Shop.
At last back to the old school videos that we love!!!.... the big-budget stuff is fun but and we all know it's nice to a wad of cash behind you to throw around BUT  there is an element that you can train a chimp to use the big muscle kit, the thing made you stand out was the skill, workmanship and intricacy of what you do! At least I am back keen again to watch the next Alec Steele video. NIce to the see the Popplemaster in front of the camera too :-)
Ryobi.  Mistake.
Now that you’re back in England, measurements are to be only in metric and monetary shall only be in GBP 🙂
I prefer milwaukee, but ive never had a bad experience with ryobi
THE BLUE STRIPES HAVE RETURRRRRRRRNNNNNNED
09:57 looks like there's something dangling from his nose.
Ryobi are amazing, but you are better of using the 5.0vh batteries in them
Would the nostalgia feeling be strong enough for you to accept me as a student? Just for a few days to teach me the guts of the trade.
Classic Alec workshop vlog - love it!
This introduction to the new old workshop is like a Boris covid announcement. New but old but still use the other workshop but use this one when you can but if you can’t use the old one.
have a ryobi impact  lasted 5 years so far still going strong with daily use
Might be a good idea to do it abit more ‘budget’ friendly, might apply to a lot more people who at this time don’t Hve a lot of money n a lot of spare time, but would be interesting if u made yourself a power hammer 🤔always wondered n fancied trying making one! Nice to see you back in Norfolk 👍🏻shame we’re in tier 2!
Welcome back to the UK, we've missed you!
I want to build stuff aswell 😯💸😔
Welcome back! you're round the corner from me haha
I really don't get it: Alec is back in England setting up a full workshop, while Will is working on his own new workshop in Montana. Also there is a huge workshop they built both together, which will be used by whom?? I might not understand the dynamics behind the scenes, but this is more than strange.
Lumber lol u mean timber your in England
Why at 10:00 I’m this clip, Alex has a shadow booger coming out his right nostril?
We need a stupidly high shelf with a microwave on it 😉
LUMBER?!?! HOW DARE YOU!
Ryobi tools are just as good as any other, but for things like the saw get the bigger batteries. They struggle on the small kit batteries.
Love the idea of going back to the feel of baker Street. Cause I felt like you YT channel had lost some of that feeling. Even though it has fun to watch, the feel of Baker Street. The container, dirt floor. It was just different
Hopefully you can get Mr. Pilkington
Why you back in UK? Were you deported? 😄
Hey so happy to see you working on the uk shop, with the uk shop douse that mean cheeper uk Merch ?? 😂😂
Fun fact alec.  Ryobi, Milwaukee and the hart brand from Walmart are made by the same manufacturer
Come on lads at least stop with the Americanisms while back in the U.K. it’s proper cringe 😬
I have no idea why, but I am proper exited by this... and confused. but love to see where you go with this .... with the wall, when you put the something what about using that plasma cutter to create a huge logo out of some rustic steal plate, and then back light it, will create an interesting look, and help with the depth of field in your shots.
Feels bad for Jamie having to deal with the lights and camera out of sync with each other in this video.
Why not just get a smaller cheaper workshop instead of making a more expensive large shop smaller? When I pictured a part time shop for when you visit family, I wasn't picturing a huge space.
Hi Alec. Great that your back in the UK.   First off if you need additional editing services please do get in touch. Based in Northampton with easy access and can work remotely.   Secondly with regards to your ryobi devices, go and invest in some 6mha batteries. I bought some third party ones from Amazon for a tire of the ryobi price and they last for ages and will make your circular saw not jam in long cuts, but will make the impact drivers more powerful as such.   Love the videos anyway.
I used to have to walk 1/2 a mile from one end of the Workshop to the other, literally. The marvels of being a Rolls Royce apprentice.
This is awesome! So glad your back in the UK!!!!
Very glad to see Jamie back! I knew it was the old workshop the second he pulled up past that green shipping container!
I have 3 studios! I know what that means. But for a photographer it's easier... One in Switzerland, one in Milan and one in Tuscany.
So great to see you in the old workshop ! And to see Jamie!
The nostalgia!!!!!
Its called lean manufacturing Alex. If you try the pareto method to everything as well you'll benefit hugely.
Watch out not to melt the lights or give them a little burn with the forge
Please more videos like this!
I was so bummed that you left for the States because I wasn't able to get any lesson from you. Now I've got hope again, only now you'll have to give lessons 🤣✌️
Man, I'm actually feeling a little nostalgic about the old workshop
I remember watching Alec move into this work shop the first time. Ahh memories
Yes, Alec, it IS time to get the WIFE-FI hooked up!  Nice table by the way....
You should have done a colab with big Clive and got him to make/upgrade your lighting set up.
Dat Arse!
Alec: Yay! My old workshop! Oh no! Its too big!  *Turns big workshop into little workshop*
Saw the LED lighting panel, died inside... such a bad piece of kit, they claim a nominal working temp of -20 to 45C but have no supporting certification. False economy Alec, it might have only cost £90 but its rated life is only 20,000 thats based on a working temp of 28C keep that workshop toasty or expect quick failure.
Great vid, but if I don't get a video that involves wills tears I'm umsubscribing! :D
I am way more excited about this than I probably should be. It's really nice to see that old workshop again.
I only have a step ladder. Never knew my real ladder.
this is very nostalgic for the og viewers :D
I love my Ryobi tools. Mostly because of how backwards compatible all ryobi tools are. That being said pick up the 9Ah battery for that circular saw. They also make a bigger one that is just 👌.
UK workshop = metric measurements, yes?
20mbits download. And here I am sitting in good old Germany and having at that spot in the video a loding ring with 720p ....
Everything made within this workshop should be in metric units.
Great to see you and Jamie "back together" in the same space again!
As the electric tools you bought are for 'home use', they probably won't last the year in your commercial workshop.
Tunes
Up next: Buying back the Ford Ranger
WOOOO! SO CHUFFED THIS WORKSHOP AGAIN! Now you can do a collab with Colin Furze!
your wife? you look 17
Dude, you are just pissing money away with some of these decisions. Hope they pan out.
Forge a dog tag!!!
its great to have u back in Great Britain  finally use CM and MM again  and  say ALUMINIUM best luck
Noice, back in Britain!!
How’s Will doing after the power hammer mishap ???
Haha, he repurchased his old workshop that's great
Americans cant handle gears
I've never liked using battery powered tools.
And a proper Collin Furze collaboration coming up !
🇬🇧
Mobslayer gaming checking in also from the uk
Congratulations on the new old shop can't wait to see what the future brings .
I think we'd all love to see you collab with Colin furze when your working back in England 🤙🤙
Alec in the home country is the best kind of Alec
Feels more familiar, like we are finally back home!
Did u an will have a falling out?
This. This feels much more familiar and comfortable.
Could you make a titanium copper alloy and see if it can hold edge. Also congrats on the workshop.
you just built an english carpenters bench :D
why is he back in the UK?
Esa lampara, pon derecha la pantalla  ¡¡¡¡POR DIOOSSS!!!! GRAN CANAL ALEC
RRRNNNGH!  SO! BRITISH!
Buys screwdriver, uses impact driver? Someone, please explain
Get the 4.0 or bigger battery for the Ryobi stuff the only cheap out was that battery!
Oh my God. We're back, I'm gonna cry.
Yogo should do all of the ad reads. Not that I don't like your face, but I like yogo's better.
i hope you got the warranties with those Ryobi's lol
I feel like us fans are the kids in a divorce dispute.... we get to see Alec every day, but Will on the weekends.
Welcome back to this side of the world. Best of luck with the new workshop.
if you look at this from another point of view this is actually Alex bailing out from his American set up to go back home to England before the American Empire crashes into the ground Bravo real slick
Whle I couldn't understand why you ever moved to the US at first, it seems like you are pretty happy back in the old shop and with Jamie. But what's the plan now? Are you really going to travel between UK and Montana every couple of months?? That seems a bit ridiculous to be honest.
Oh you poor man! Well maybe.... I have had NO good experiences with RYOBI.
Not gonna lie Alec, I was kind of hoping you were going back to Barker Street. But this will be fun too.
Although I prefer Makita for industry, i never  had a problem with Ryobi, They make good stuff.
Happy to see Alec back in the land of the metric getting back to the roots.
Back in the UK, back using mm. I love it!
FYI the same company who makes Milwaukee makes Ryobi
10:01 is it bleeding from his nose
Glad to see you getting back to where you came from.  I really miss the old shop and old Alex
greenscreen the walls. Then you can edit in a tropical beach background :D
Hey Alex you still looking for a mill? Sent you an email regarding a nice Bridgeport I know is up for sale.
I’m so confused.. still keeping the Montana shop AND the England shop?
The Ryobi saw has a thermal cut off if it gets too hot
F in the comments for Will's Power Hammer  , RIP
I love the way you're thinking Mr Steele! The intimacy of Barker Street - Yes!! Just don't forget to keep good people on in Montana who are loyal to you.
Back to the Future episode.
When’s the wife reveal?
How long until Will moves from Montana to England to work with Alec?  Heck, they could repair Will's broken powerhammer!!!
7:48 nice Face !
Need to get the bigger 4-5 Amphr batteries to get most out of ryobi
Ryobi isn't a bad choice. had very good luck with em. Impact and drill have been running for 7 years.
Great to have one of England's favourite sons back in the homeland
That circle saw needs 6ah battery. I love my Ryobi tools.
So cool that you are back in the old shop!
Great build series. What I liked about the original videos were that they were dark and moody, not much light.  Really gave the videos some character.  Looking forward to seeing where you go with this 🙏🏽
heard good stuff bout ryobi. mightycarmods are using these since frever and now are sponsored by em.
If you can re-purchase Mr. Pilkington, that would be fantastic!!
Have you done a video forging tungsten?
I cannot tell if it is his old workshop or a completly new one that just looks the same
Have you spoken to any rigging guys from the film/television industry to get some lighting/rigging tips? It sounds like you want more of a film set that functions as a workshop rather than a workshop that can be filmed in.
You're going to end up regretting going with Ryobi if you're using them a lot pretty quickly I suspect( literally anything more than just short, random around the house work). Just fyi. Unless you've got an awesome warranty/return policy(and even then you've got lost time returning them to deal with). The batteries are TERRIBLE(not kidding, they're MAYBE a quarter of what a dewalt battery is - when comparing like to like, obviously) and a HUGE number of them will have problems with their brushes or coils or wiring or... any number of other things after a very short time. They're not as bad as, say, a Harbor Freight special(Chicago Electric, I'm looking at you, 4 angle grinders within weeks later) but not good. You'll wind up saving money just on the tools themselves going with Dewalt, Milwaukee, Rigid or Makita after just a few months of even moderate usage. And that's not even counting the lost time charging, repairing or returning(hopefully JUST returning).    Best of luck to you. I'll be following you closely, as always. Watching your vids has given me wonderful ideas for tackling unique problems in my own work(I'm a multi-skill technician, welder, heavy equipment mechanic/operator, maintenance technician - kind of a jack-of-all trades but I mainly specialize in dock & door[the dock leveler(or dock plate for the laymen out there), commercial garage door, truck restraints/bumpers/seals that you see in warehouses. Basically everything having to do with commercial and industrial docks and their doors I install and service, though tbh if one of our customers has a problem with anything I'll fix it]. I work a lot with steel and some aluminum and watching your vids has given me some unique ideas to problems that I find out in the field. Keep up the good work Alec! Thank you for your amazing vids!
Milwaukee and Ryobi are owned by the same Chinese company.
Jesus christ man how much money do you have
I’m putting up a workshop so I can work when I’m on holiday from work.
Mikrotik
Amy jobs going Alex ?
Pay some bills with a CNC mill and do some small batch sub contract work 🤙🏻
Personally I find Ryobi tools to be much more worth the money. Yes the other brands are statistically better (Milwaukee is probably best) but Ryobi are seriously amazing value.
Bro I know this farrier you might wanna call
Your in England now, there arent any "Bucks" anymore :)
Ryobi tools are all awesome, except the circular saw that is the only tool that I have found that sucks... lol
Hmmmm, I'm seeing a more permanent move back to the UK. Sadly, Alec will have to give up increasing his pistol-craft. With all the globalists crazies who favor keeping everyone under control, pistol craft is good. Rifle-craft better. Too bad, he was showing promise.
Why are you framing with treated lumber?
Love it that you're going back to your roots. And your idea for spacing your equipment closer is absolutely brilliant.
You should make a second merch and supply store in England.
I havn't been keeping up, is he still living in the USA or did he move back to Britain?
THIS MAKES ME SO HAPPY
That's called the Hedonic Treadmill - continually pushing for more and more. Then you end up Floorspace Rich where you have lots of floor space but it's empty because you can't afford to put anything in it because you spent your money on the space. Generally concepts used in North American housing troubles, but they seem to fit here too.
I’m a fan of ryobi tools for my little home projects. But I prefer the versions with cords. The only battery operated tool I recommend is a cordless drill. There’s a ton to be said about the convenience of a cordless saw, but I’ve never had my saws struggling to cut the last 3 inches of plywood like you did, so there’s that.
gotta love US work visas.
Gotta step up to the brushless versions of those Ryobi tools where possible. I have the impact driver and drill and they've been total workhorses for like 2 years now. Great battery life too.
My favorite time in your show was when you were at the Barker Street Forge! Your were putting out great content, all while learning the whole YouTube process at the same time. I loved the live shows! You seemed so eager to get out content. The show was raw and dirty, and the projects were usually one video, and it was great! Now the show has got a lot of polish on it, and the content is still great, but having 57 episodes to do a sword or other project gets a little tedious some times. I know your skills have grown and the projects require a lot more time to complete, and that is awesome too, but the simple one episode projects are excellent too!  Bring back the live shows!
That angle grinder is going to eat battery. It has a tendency to draw some much power that the battery gets hot and the whole thing stops for a bit.
Hopsefully you can do a proper collab with Collin furze now that you’re back in the uk
I have used Ryobi for about 20 years now, (from the point of view as a contractor, to now am building shed  2), when they were blue, still have some of my blue tools from those days, and find that the 9amph battery works the best for saws and heavier loads. hope you have as much use out of them as i have.
Can you make me autobody hammers/dolly's. Message me if you can.  It would be awesome to have tools made by you
The circular saw stopping is a safety feature, when it detects too much load on the blade it will stop before kicking the saw out from your hands and potentially removing limbs. This is the way.
I still want to see a Damascus hockey blade
Great to see you excited again! And 🤣🤣🤣 I’m spent so much money
Have you considered renting a smaller space?
All i use is ryobi. Quality product for the money.
My wife and I use Ryobi tools, they work good for their price point.
Seeing him do a internet speed test made me want to do it as I haven't done it in a while. Apparently my download speed is 957.58 Mbps while the upload is 940.07 Mbps... Jeesh I didn't know my internet was that good XD.
I’m stoked to see the old shop again. Quelle surprise!
I knew immediately when he pulled the trigger on the saw it wasn’t going to be enough.
when using a cordless circular saw its very important to ajust the blade. insoo you only need the blade too pretrude the amount your cutting hence the more blade the less teeth engadement an thus a huge power loss.
Yea bigger warehouse isnt  really allways better, sometimes yes,  Started working for a company in a 350sqm warehouse super tight everything is cramped but loading trucks was still super quick as walking distance is minimal then we went to a  900sqm that was still cool more space, all the trucks can be stored inside and loaded inside, BUT THEN 2100sqm happend. super nice as you can make a U turn with trucks inside and drive with a forklift between the isles pick gear with space, but you walk yourself f@*ked every day.. so yes sometimes smaller. is better
Sooo Alex got deported huh
Took me 3 days to build a work benck of similar size, but with actual joints
"This is what happens when you cheap out on cheap tools" I'm so glad you said it. Ryobi does have an awesome idea and line of tools that all use interchangeable batteries and quite the range of power tools. But I dont consider them contractor grade... as they say. Homeowner special. Lol
1st thing is 1st, ryobi makes a keyed chuck for their hand drills... buy it and replace the keyless chuck on that drill, you can thank me later when you don't slip on drill bits
hi alec what tig welder did  you purchase im in the market for a good one
Mate....your an addict, like a meth head, you are a WORKAHOLIC! Thats not a good thing.... im on hillidays visiting people, i NEED TO GO TO WORK. why even go home, just face time for 3 secs and go and chase your tail some more...do another thing, and another, then another and and and and and another.
Used Rybio for years and they are great. The quality has improved - along with price - and I don't find any real major improvements using Milwaukee or DeWalt.   Mind you Ryobi is owned by Tecktronic Industries of Hong Kong as is Milwaukee, AEG and a load of others. And if anyone thinks that tools made in the same factory by the same company don't share a load of parts they are mad.
I promise to never skip ads that have Yogo centre frame.
6:38 me after tax season
so the shop in montana what happend to it?
...anyone else notice how Alec's accent came back 2fold or is that just me
My grandfather loves his Ryobi tools, they are very easy to use and the batteries charge very quickly. You'll find that they are an amazing brand
Is Will gonna post on his youtube channel when he leaves Alec Steele Co.? Would love to see him set up his shop.
Im sorry but the fact that you got your old workshop back.... Makes me so happy
Quarantine for a common cold.
Hey! Ive had ryobi tools for ages, biggest tip, spend the extra dough on the big batteries. The 3 or 4ah have extra contacts and can deliver more power all at once. Way more amps, all the many go juice, it magically fixes problems like that saw binding up super easily. (But also, properly support your pieces might be a good idea I mean cmon guy)
Jamie!!!!
Its kinda weird to see the old shop and remember how well it was set up. Now it's empty and kinda odd feeling. I personally liked his first workshop the most. That was a bare bones working shop. No fancy equipment, all hard work.
Seems kinda like a waste of money.
Look I really love will and he’s inspired me to start making knives, but god how I’ve missed these solo vids like back in the day
Glad to see that you’re back in the uk. Can’t wait for some more amazing content
Wow! Great video! God bless you and yours!
Oh man... The memories.
So I remember him making a ring but not once did I realize y he was making it didn't even dawn on me as a possibility that it was for someone and not just for fun
ITS SO GOOD TO SEE THOSE FAMILIAR WALLS
What happened to buy once cry once Alec?  😂
Has no-one been in that factory in 2 years?!  Things must be quiet out on Fakenham.. business wise that is..
Did you have a worm crawl into your nose?? @10:00 I'm very worried.
Id rather know if will has been crying for the last week after dropping his power hammer!
I feel like we're getting back to what made this channel amazing. I'm feeling excited about each upload again! Thank you, Alec!
lol at 8:50 Alec reinventing the T-bar ceiling
The guys over at Mighty Car Mods live by Ryobi so hopefully your experience will be as good as theirs!
Not going to lie this is the Alec show I fell in love with. No offense to Will but it lost some pizzazz for me when he joined
My dad has beat the crap out of a ryobi corded drill for over 20 years building wood boats and it still runs great.
WHY WOULD YOU BUY RYOBI!? NEVER BUY RYOBI!! It's for suburban dudes who bought it thinking they were going to learn to be handymen, used it once, and then forgot about it for 3 years. Last time I used a ryobi drill it literally split in half the first day out of the box because I had the audacity to actually use it.
Ryobi has dollar for dollar the best drivers but their saw stuff is garbage. Not enough power.
Alec, I mean this in the GOOD way.....you are a bloody HOOT! Don't back off of that.
Must be so much fun buying all that stuff and unpacking. But I get buying fatigue even when I know I need the tools. But it fades then I go back online and continue. I want a Waser water jet cutter and a small Tormach CNC mill.
Alec driving a stick....I think I'm in love
Yay! Jamie Is back! ish
So glad to see the old shop again!!
Mikrotik FTW!
When did 2 million subs happen?
Ryobi you just wasted a whole lot of money
Sam , Sam , Sam
The Ryobi tools will probably be okay so long as you keep your expectations very  low.  Very, very low.
Good luck, mate!
Rip Fairbanks powerhammer
As far as shop layout goes, I always find it good to have most of your tools fairly close together, but as mobile as possible even in a big shop (though obvs that's a little tough with giant heavy machines.) However, that way, most of your switching between tools can happen fast and efficient, but you have the space for bigger projects to be assembled and live in between processes.
Did they have Black Friday sales in the UK?
How is will?
Alec with that saw you have to let the saw move not push it it's more of a trim saw. Also don't ever get ryobi bits they aren't that great
But was Colin still in the tip?
Don't buy a new power hammer, Will can send you his in and all you'll need is about 1000 envelopes and postage.
I love Montana.
Is Will going to have his own channel?
Love it.
You could have half the shop set up for warehousing.
Woohoo, welcome back to metric system!!
My plans for my workshop/stereo shop is a building thats 20-25ft X 30ft with 12ft walls and a 10ft X 10ft roll up door. That would give me plenty room for my tools to build custom speaker enclosures and do complete stereo installations without having to deal with weather conditions
Introduce your wife to us.
Who else has been working on the same small project for the last 5 months while Alec is building a dynasty?
What?... how long are you going to be visiting your family? I assume just for the holidays. It doesn't make sense to me, having a workshop that won't be used for most of the year. Wish we knew more of your plans because im confused.
Ryobi tools are very good. Porter cable and Kobalt are also great brands that don't carry the Dewalt and Milwaukee price tags
Make a damascus watch?
Happy belated birthday :)
You should so put peg board on that portable wall and put casters on it
I've used a Ryobi drill for the past 3 years and haven't worn it out
Here's the thing about closed vs open work shops: closed on work shops might have more to look at, but feel clustered, and cramped. The Montana work shop looks tiddy, and clean even if it isn't.   On a side note: skip the wooden walls, and just put up some of your flags! White wall backgrounds will help with lighting, and the flags might give the closed in feel.
Maaaaaaaan I was hoping for the OG Barker Street Forge....
PLEASE keep us informed on the Ryobi
CONGRATS!
I'm so excited to see this place finished!
Two shops? Huh. I am guessing between production volume and international shipping it was just more economical. I cannot imagine the cost of shipping products like anvils and blacksmithing gear across the Atlantic. Why further expand the Montana outfit when you can save money by opening back up the England division. I will say this though. Alec, good luck running and managing a transatlantic corporation. You have quite the complex and demanding task ahead of you. I wish you the best.
Every time you get a new shop space its a chance to recreate its funtionality and evaluate what you really need in the space.
Alec now that you and Will are in different shops, you should pick some blade and both of you make the same thing in one week as a super Steele vs Stelter.
I love the American shop, and I am a massive fan of Will and the American team, but I really missed the UK vids too. This is a dream situation.
I’m so excited to see the old workshop but what I really want to see is mr pilkington again!
I have no problem with ryobi they aren't garbage, purchasing good quality bits and blades makes a hell of a difference!
Good luck!  Glad to be joining you on your journeys.
So awesome to see you back in the old shop. That's the time I got hooked on your videos and started to love forging
I have bad news for you about the Ryobi tools. They aren't really engineered for heavy or even daily use, so be prepared to replace them down the road. Take a look at some of the tool tear downs by AvE here on YouTube to get an explanation of why.
I love the Ryobi line! I’ve had them for years and they’re still going
Glad to see thing going well for you!  Suggestion: remembering the echoes you built sound panels for I should highly recommend using rock wool insulation panels. They have great sound absorbing properties and are fire proof so you can use them close to your high temperature operations. Good spark guards as well.
DOES THIS MEAN JAMIE IS BEHIND THE LENS AGAIN?!\ Edit: Just got to that point in the video, excited to have you back Jamie!!
Ye Olde (new) Workshoppe?
@0:27 MMmmmmmmmMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!
So now that he’s back in the UK, does this mean my boyfriend Colin Furze gets to come in for a collab?
Hats off to your success
Why did you have to move back
I have a feeling that Alec will try to find his old Pilkington power hammer
I actually kind of liked the way you had it set up before. It'll be a huge pain to move that wall back and forth.  Not to mention that the previous set up was rather perfect for having multiple people in the shop. Just my opinion tho.  Edit: All you need is a huge forge to work with.
your new shop sounds similar to Giaco's new compact shop space.
Is Sam going to come back!?
For some reason I don't fully understand I am oddly put off by you sort of moving back.  Maybe it's more the loss of you and Will partnering. I shouldn't give a darn but....
Get the Ryobi 5 amp battery for the saw or just in general. The tools will run much better with the extra beef.  Glad your back!!
As ear protection you should really try peltor xpi alert.  Can adjust how much you wanna hear from the outside and connect 2 bluetooth devices at once etc etc  One of the most used headset by industry workers perfect in a workshop
Don't blame the tool for your poor execution in use of the tool...
Guy who works at a hardware company, building displays and such: - Ryobi isn't bad, as long as you aren't abusing them and pushing them beyond what the average hobbyist or homeowner will do to them.  Do not recommend their drill or impact driver bits - Milwaukee is full of bells, whistles and power, but you PAY for them.  And they break.  Prolly the best impact driver bits on the (USA) market. - DeWalt is fine, just...overpriced.  Their bits used to shatter. - Makita's cheap.  Not just inexpensive, but half-a-step-above-Black-and-Decker.  Very ergonomic, but underpowered and I hear nothing good about their batteries.  They make good sockets, though. - Ridgid is good, and has a lifetime warranty.  Break it?  Wear it out?  They'll fix or replace it.
"The lights we normally use are 590 pounds." I don't really care how much they weigh, but that does sound quite heavy for a light. I am curious how much they cost though... :P
The channel has became too commercialized, no mo interesting content Unsubscribed....🙁
Well Colin Furz uses RyobI tools in the UK. My assumption is RyobI is a different animal in the UK vs US
You will regret using Cryobi. My honest advice to you is to rent out the space of the England shop while you aren't there instead of having just one shop making you money most of the time and the other just being a money pit, and then with confidence in that covering the cost of the new workshop, buy once, cry once, get some real power tools and some blacksmithing tools you can cart into the corner while you aren't there and are renting the space.
This video is an economist worst nightmare
Return of the prodigal son)))
Try some hp batteries from ryobi there is a difference in performance
This kid looks 13 and 31 at the same time.
I finished my first knifed today!!! It’s not pretty but it’s functional
Ha tight go 2 see ya can't wait
now buy back the pilkington
U needed to get the 6ah batteries for the more demanding tools
Ryobi is somewhat acceptable power tools. The only problem I’ve experienced is that the batteries don’t last. After a year or so they don’t hold a charge. I’ve had a bunch. They all crapped out.
New video, "new" workshop...  First thing Alec does is build a horizontal space...
What happened to Sam I hope he’s all good I remember the old days
You wont be mad at those Ryobi tools. Treat them right. And they will be with you forever.
If I can draw up some artwork for your wall that would be awesome!!!
Might I suggest maybe doing some fan contests and competitions in your new shop? Would be cool to have fans submit designs for knifes, with parameters set and all that, and then people vote on a design and you make it
Why did you leave Montana?
Ryobi tools are underrated. They survived more than my four years of high school shop where they were dropped and beaten on by shitty students who don’t know any thing
So be are you a British citizen or a US citizen?
You lads that work with metal always seem to miss a step. The first workbenche should be made from straw. Then comes the wooden workbench, and afterwards the Steele (or brick if you're following the story correctly)
Love my ryobi,  you won't regret it
This video is just not long enough u.u We need more Alec, MOOOOOOORE...please :v
Good luck with the second work shop mate .
He's literally starting a new world in minecraft.
The most important thing you have to do is make sure Henry the Hoover is happy to be used.
Might be fun to see what became of the Barker Street Forge if there is still anything there.
Oh my god 17 mbps 🤢🤢🤢🤢
ngl i was hoping for the barker street forge, that being said, this is gonna be AWESOME! I love the return to the old second new second first second workshop!!! SO EXCITED!!
Hoping you will do a collab with Matt Estlea.
It’s weird how in the states he sounds super British, but in the UK he sounds American. He just sounds weird everywhere.
I live in New Zealand so take that New Zealand has no Corentin ha ha ha ha ha ha sorry
The tools work fine. Not great but worth the price. Take stock in batteries and chargers now because they burnup and quit working in no time.
Hi, I am confused as to why you need a second workshop, just how much time are you planning on spending in the UK? If you are going to spend so much time in the UK, why set up a shop in Montana?
I remember an episode or three where we were warned that “you only cry once” when you buy the “better” equipment/materials....
*runs speedtest*…  31M down… *5* up on a good day. :(  Then again, it’s the far end of a wireless link back to the “Big” city 12 miles away.  *sigh*.  Even the copper sucks out here…  23kbaud max,
Happy to see that thinking are going so well for you that you can have two shops way to go
DUDE!
This is great but I don't really get it, why such a big project if it's just for a few months? Is he going to sell it all again afterwards?
That Barker St. "look" is a beautiful thing indeed🤣😂🤣😂
Hope to see more of sam 😃
This is the equivalent of creating a new world in Minecraft
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
This video had the feeling of an old Alex Steele video and I have to save I liked it a lot.. less polish more Alex..worse lighting and editing and more personality.. no disrespect to Will as I would definitely subscribe to his channel if he ever made one (I suspect there is one coming) .. looking forward to smaller Alex Steele videos back 'home'
Hey the saw is crap beacuse its battery powered
The Nostalgia Power is over 9000!!!
Wow, what a blast from the past. I can't wait for this pandemic to end so I can take proper blacksmithing classes....
Thanks for giving ryobi a chance. Its what I use cause I can't justify (as an average schlub) the cost of making or rigid or the other premium brands and they've served me awesome....seriously though, I've never used a good cordless skillsaw.  They just require too much power
Brings back good old feelings of the old shop. Ryobi is pretty decent tool brand.
Note on the Ryobi tools, they are great for hobby scale stuff, but the torque driver will probably see the most use and I fear you may exceed it's hobby scale use, ha! I've been very pleased overall with my ryobi tools, expecially the old school ones from back in the day, but the newer "ONE +" ones have had some quality control issues. You get what you pay for, expecially with the dewalts. I'd be interested to hear how they fair!
cmon man its a spanner
Please bring back metric measurements with the imperial like you used too
OK this is awesome
Ryobi are absolute crap , barely good enough for light duty around the house let alone standing up to fabricating a forge i hope they paid you well for product placement in your video and if they didn’t pitch that junk into the bin and buy some proper tools like FEIN  Good luck and stay safe
Collinfurze collaboration take 2?
Well dang, here I am trying to figure out how to move from one state to another because of work while this much younger man is setting up a second workshop in another country.  I'll swallow my pride and sense of worthlessness and say, Congats! Great work!
Maybe you can get lucky and buy back Mr. Pilkington!
I'm Soo happy for you!! I liked very much the time when you ware in the UK!! Please go back to use the metric system!!
I’m surprised everything isn’t crooked
A moment of silence to remember chief mike
although ryobi does make some decent tools they arent meant for construction use. with constant use everyday ryobi will be toast in a year. if you went with dewalt chances are it will last longer but they have very bad drive gears ( i use dewalt everyday for work) the only real choices are milwaukee and hilti. but if you go hilti might want to bring some lube with you to the store lmfao!
Amazing
That's cool
From my experience working as a carpenter and woodworker the Ryobi tools are great if you’re just using drills/impacts for cordless tools, the rest just aren’t as powerful enough.
are you going to have people working in the UK for you because I don't think   it will be safe if people know know when you are in the USA due to videos and know where your shop is.
Putting up those walls has me thinking on the good old days of when I would work from school got out till dark on set building then walk home and watch Alex's videos from his tiny workshop.
Came for update but as a wood worker, stayed for the wood working. 😁👌🇺🇸👍👍
As a business owner myself. I use Ryobi primarily
AYYYYYY JAMIE Welcome back to the vid!! miss your editing blitz
I wonder at the time of this filming, if Alec knew what happened to Wills power hammer?
Think about paper screens- easy to fabricate and can nicely subdivide your space. For a metalworking touch, consider making them out of square tubing or C channel with mesh for the "cloth," with wheels on the bases. Would be a built-in pegboard like assembly.
After Makita and Dewalt you will not like the Ryobi
Found my Ryobi One plus impact driver has outlasted two Makita the same - my saw the same as yours is good enough, but just as easy to stall if you push very slightly too hard...  Mostly the green stuff seems to do alright, so far...
Alec, you need a table saw, not a cordless hand saw in that app.  Congrats on Ryobi find, they are pretty honest tools.
Would love to use some of the warehouse as a band practice room when you are stateside
I hope Will's doing well after that devastating episode last time. :(
Alec I saw in the video that you were struggling with the circular saw. I have seen on another channel that someone used a larger battery and was giving them more power and less struggle. Hope the advice helps
Nice work Alec! Reminds me of my earlier years switching jobs as a mechanic. My second job, I didn't need tools, but needed money. So I sold most of my tools. Well, my third job I need tools again!
You should check out the first backyard shop
The new old new shop is like coming home. A comfortable familiarity in the midst of these dark times. Is Sam going to be around again too?
C'mon Alec... "Buy Once, Cry Once"
Ummm Wills Hammer?????????????
when is Mrs. Steele gonna make an appearance?
I want a tour of the house he's staying at, looks cozy
That's such an amazing story arch, being able to go back to a familiar canvas and utilize your years of experience you create something even more exciting.  Really happy for you dude.
Calling it now, moving back to England in 6 months to 1yr!
No lie. This shop is where my hear is. Im glad its back
Do they no longer quarantine dogs for rabies?
So no ryobi, try rigid next.
burger nose.....sorry but.......10:03.....funny it was[yoda]
Thank you Alec Steele for bringing it all back home.  It has been a rough year, especially for Will lol, but when you showed us the  resting place the Mr. Pilkington had occupied, I very nearly cried.
I dont understand why Will doesn't just take over the US workshop, and when you go back to US you work there, why does he have to have a whole new one? I dont get it lol
So guess you left Montana? Considering i used to live in most of the cities there
I have the Ryobi battery tool set, they're great, had them for about 2 years now, have put them through a lot & haven't had a single issue.
Please get another pilkington!!
Feels like just yesterday you moved out of the UK shop...now here you are setting it up again
Ahh, dem lights.  Takes me back.  LOL
Lol I get 11 down and 1 up.
Its all backwards
I’ve used Ryobi Tools for a while, and I’ve found them to be fairly reliable. Their batteries are somewhat lacking in my experience, but all in all they’ll get the job done.
Please collab with the HOOF GP! dude needs a sick damascus hoof trimmer!
I squealed with excitement for  the start of a hygge workshop.
Awesome that you got the old garage! Ever thought of setting your workshop in groups of machines for working on similar pieces. For example, put the big forge near the big hammer and big anvil, then have a smaller hammer, anvil, oven whatever... then in between the borders of the small/big machinery you can put the odds and ends which can be used for both.   Figure this will save time over grouping the same things together why have two hammers near each other if you'd only realistically use one for the current project.
Great to have you back in the good country Alec lol welcome back for now😀
I miss the old days, where you had the dirty workshop. Glad you've come this far, but I wish to see more intimacy as in a smaller workshop, and more detailed videos, with less music and more pure work environment 🥰
Not sure how well Ryobi tools will hold up in a shop, but I'm two years into a whole house reno with mine. The saw is underpowered but you can compensate for that with a good blade (the included one is garbage) I'm a fan of the Diablo brand. You'll want a few more batteries; stick with the Lithium+HP ones, they output a bit more current when needed (helps saws), run a bit longer, and have a better operating temperature range. Do not buy the sanders; while the tool themselves are good, they are made useless due to extremely low runtime. (about six minutes per battery amp hour)
Good to see Jamie again.
So sad...no more F150.
Alec, get some 4ah ryobi batteries, it improves the tools immensely.
I was wondering if we would get a drive by visit of Alec’s old stomping grounds. This was even better. 😁
I love my ryobi but get ready for the tool princesses to come out.
Yogo just makes me ridiculously happy.
I was waiting for next video Now I'm waiting for next one.  Greed
so good to see the old new second old new work shop again !!
Buy once cry once..how many times has he said that before..now he buying cheap stuff again
Great to have your old workshop back... I still miss your original one, but this was the one I saw more videos from I think :)
Oh I love seeing that old shop!
The setup I used in my old garage was cheap T-bar ceiling with LED strips criss-crossing the whole thing. It wasn't as large as your shop, but it's cheap, relatively speaking and stupidly easy to install since it just hangs with wire. Stick the LED strips to the t-bar and you're done. A couple controllers depending on how large the grid is.
The journey is as exciting as your work
The drill you got is good can't say much for the others but the drill i had it for like 6 years left it in the rain like 4 times and the handle broke last year but duct tape dip back together and still running strong
I've had pretty good luck with Ryobi tools, but I don't do the kind of work you do.
Are you sure it's safe in there?  I'm just waiting for twin girls with axe wounds to pop up and say something like, "Hello, Alec.  We've been waiting for you.  Forever and ever..."
I think not only having more space is not wrong but you don't necessarily need it all in one big room. Having a few dedicated spaces really helps I think. Even if they are just thought. And putting up this wall is genius you need room dividers that doesn't have to be a wall it can be shelfs that you can use for storage. My workshop for example has a big room for heavy machinery and preprocessing or if there is a job for a big work piece that to big to carry around and end construction.  Then I have a few smaller rooms to do different things and most of the tools I need for these more specialized work are in these rooms. That has lead me to buy a few things 2 or 3 times but I have them were I need them. And there are a few tools you need everywhere I have them on a cart that follows me around. It also has a space in every room where it isn't in the way. And when I originally started to organize like this I thought I could employ someone that maybe specializes in these types of work and they can make this space their own domain. Well to this day it never really happened but maybe in the future.
Ryobi tools are garbage would not recommend if you are using them professionally.
21 down and 17 up? I'd kill myself. I'm working with 448 down and 312 up :)
What's the plan Alec? will the new shop just be locked up when you go back to the US or are you going to get someone in to run the English branch of Alec Steel International Limited?  I hope it's the latter
I don't use them in any particular strenuous capacity, but very happy with the Ryobi tools. Had some since they were blue.  Only then sawzall has given me problems and that was only the lever that clamps the blade in.
im on farm in rural australia love my ryobi tools use them everyday never let me down yet six years and counting
Hype
I've used ryobi tools for decades.  You'll be pleased Alex.
You will like the royobi.  Just ask for a sponsorship now haha
That's one great one-pixel-TV you got there! Too bad about the low resolution, but hey, it's only 90 pounds. Lol
As a professional mechanic, who works with Snap-On, and the like at work, and outfitted my garage at home with Ryobi stuff for the same economical reasons; I will say that they do the job well but you will quickly realize their limitations. Do not expect them to perform as well as the pro-grade colours do. Having said that, if you accept their limitations and work within them, they're  more than adequate and you shouldn't have a problem with them. Spring for 4AH batteries or bigger for everything though. The smaller batteries don't last (run time), and you'll notice a significant output improvement with the bigger ones.
Ryobi tools...HAHAHAHAHAHA!
Please tell me the pilkington is available!
21/17 good for 4G? the F it is. I live in rural area 20km from nearest town (1km from neatest link tower) and even I get 67/39 (higher on good day. 102/53 being record) without external antenna.
Oh no. He's gone back to driving on the wrong side of the road, from the wrong side of the vehicle.
Since you're back in the UK, you should give Triton Tools a go. They might even help you out.
I highly doubt that you saved hundreds of pounds on equipment that weighs nearly the same as their competitors. Glad to know Jamie is back behind the camera!
I have all those cordless Ryobi tools and they work great for the price ..... except for the angle grinder. It melted (the casing and wiring) when I was attempting to grind off a bolt (just one) and is now a paperweight. The plug in variety is MUCH better.
WHY DID YOU LEAVE?????
Hey Alec, I use ryobi tools for everything I do in my jobs. I have abused them and they still work like new. Very few complaints on their tools. I will say their cordless saw is way underpowered but good for thin plywood but  anything over maybe ⅜ inch is not very good.
Buy a Pilkington
Nice to have you back in Norfolk Alec!
Ah I remember a day when Alec said something along the lines of "Horizontal surfaces are bad" ....now here we are watching him make that the first thing he puts in his new/old shop, with a smile. lol
What kind of Internet is he using to use that big wireless router with an SD card? Would that work in the states where I don't get internet?
It's awesome to see Jamie back, and hopefully Sam will pop in to say hi as well.
Your dog is American show it respect
Tradesman in me wants to make fun of you for buying ryobi
So alec steele industrys is now a multinational company 🤔 cool
Quick tip Alex - it isn't the saw that's the problem, it's you. You're letting the wood pinch the blade and it's especially difficult to avoid when cutting large panels. You ought to have bought a slab of foam, laid the wood flat on top of that and then made your cut, with the blade extending slightly into the foam. Rule of thumb is to try to keep both side of the wood as flat as possible through the entire cut.
Nice one, but that shutter speed though
if your gonna go ryobi you really should have gone with their brushless tools. I personally have no real experience with their brushed stuff besides their 1/2 impact wrench.
Truth, how many times have you went to the wrong side of the car when you were going to drive since you've been over in England?
I don’t like this at all. 😐  Why didn’t he marry American?
Omg I can't believe how nostalgic this is
What do you guys think? 5 months of use until Alec tears down those obstructive vertical walls he just put up? ;)
I’ve been told Ryobi has come a long ways since I used them years ago and was left feeling sore about my purchase as none of them lasted. I’ve always felt they were more of a casual DIYer tool set since my set years ago. My budget home set these days is Ridgid and at my shop it’s all Dewalt and Milwaukee.
I’ve had ryobi gear since I’ve started and I’ve never had a problem 👍🏽👍🏽
Eeeek Ryobi 🤢
mr worldwide
How did you get Yogo into the UK? Do they not have the 6 months quarentine for rabies anymore?
Hey, now you have an occasion for that Colin furze collab you teased when you left!
Bring back Farrier Sam
if you're putting tubing up for the lights why not make the wall  a sliding one...
You should put that wall on wheels so you can move your backdrop as needed.
Just moved back from America and I'm setting up my first shop soon in London :)
Does that mean Mr. Pilkington is coming back, too?
There's something about having Jamie behind the camera again that feels so right.
I got a set of Ryobi tools about 20 years ago... they have been dropped, drenched, smacked, kicked, flooded, buried in mud and all of them still work. Great Christmas gift from Mom and Dad. Hopefully they are still that reliable.
Welcome back Jamie!
Guess what, both Ryobi and Milwaukee tools are owned by Techtronic Industries based in Hong Kong. The company is largely decentralized in the fact that each brand has its own company headquarters, Milwaukee in Wisconsin and Ryobi in South Carolina. However all manufacturing is done in China at one large factory.
My experience with Ryobi is that the cheap batteries do not last even 10 recharges and the expensive ones are just that. And very heavy.
Alex, probably you have thought of this already, but you should try to get a sponsorship from ryobi or someone... good PR for them.
As the old adage goes, nothing's more expensive than a cheap tool.
What are the light panels? Got a link
I think that space has been empty for 3 years
ryobi sponsorship incoming
Quick answer on the power tools holding up...  they won't.  At least not for someone who puts real hours on them, like I've seen you do in the past.  Buy once,  cry once (or in this case,  twice? lol)!!
Unboxing videos? Pah! Alec Steele Unboxing multiple formally boxed boxes. YAASSSSSS :D
Meet the new shop... Same as the old shop
I spy with my little eye, a Parker Jotter
you made a big mistake buying ryobi tools big waste of money
Love how the new shop is coming along.  As a lighting designer, well maybe former lighting designer if this keeps up,  your lighting is usually very good for what you are doing.  However less expensive options are available, vs the “tv” lighting you are looking at.  Try looking for used PAR light,  lights from ETC.  For what you’re doing the should fit right in. You can get them for about 100-150 used and get barn doors, different lenses, even convert them to LED.  Need a soft light ... just get some spun gel, I like Rosco but they are all close, a few cp47 to clip them on the barn doors and bam soft light.  Wish you and your absolutely incredible production team all the best!
“This is what happens when you cheep out on tools” goodbye Ryobi sponsorship
Long way from the shack with rain coming through the roof! 👍🏼
God bless ya! love the new workshop beginnings. However I did notice during the b roll of the close ups of the el cheapo tools -- was that b roll also filmed with a ryobi camera?
yes jamie every video is cool now
Workshop builds will always be my favorite type of series. Excited to see how the new old new workshop turns out!
You "saved hundreds and hundreds of pounds"??? My DeWalt tools aren't really that heavy...  ...I couldn't resist
You won't be disappointed with the Ryobi stuff, they do the job.
Now you can get Colin Furze over to do that colab you couldn't do before you left the first time!
Ryobi Tools: *sweats*
Hey Alec. Perhaps a silly questio, but im thinking of getting an angle grindet what size angle grinder did you buy and why?
Landlord def happy to have you back
I really don't understand this, Will is moving to new workshop, Alec is moving to UK workshop, who is using the montana workshop? this can't be a good alocation of assets
Your job is making videos and making things and making videos of making things
How about mobile shelves? Can work as room dividers and gives more storage space.
Anyone else waiting for Mr. Pilkington to make a comeback???
Tools will work fine... Get some of the bigger batteries and keep them charged and they will last forever... I have some that i have been using for about 3-4rs everyday all day and they still work fine... I did kill a few batts before i figured that if you run them dead and dont charge them right away it kills them.
Summer after I graduated high school my Dad and I made a retaining wall for a hill in our yard out of railroad ties. Those suckers are HEAVY!!
I was so hoping that he would be at his first workshop. I really appreciate what he saying about making the video interesting and visually layered. It’s definitely one of the main reasons why I watched every episode form that time period.
I would bet a hundred bucks those Ryobi tools make it less than 6 months in a blacksmithing shop.
Hey is the old shop still around?  Be neat to take us back to where it all started. I subscribed about 4 months before you moved out of the lil shop.  Great to see the channel and business grow. Oh and not to mention all the others you helped along the way.
Ryobi tools are great for a tool that you use occasionally, or rarely. When used as daily drivers you really start to see the difference in quality, and they burn out fast. Given the work you do, the first thing that's going to go is going to be the grinder, probably followed by the impact wrench. The rest will probably last awhile since you don't do a lot of woodwork or driving screws yeah?  On work bench tops in our shop we generally run plywood on bottom, MDF on top too, because the MDF is a smooth "perfect" surface that can easily be replaced when damaged, and won't damage finishes as easily.
Nothing wrong with Ryobi stuff if they're not gonna be used every day all day.
I'm sorry friend, but I don't think you saved money on those tools. They were built for the homeowner.
I've been beating Ryobi tools since 1993.
Alec sounds like his British accent is coming back strong since going back to the UK.
oi you got that butter knife license up to date, innnit
You're honestly about your revenue stream is very wholesome we need more people like you!
In this workshop you need to have a striking anvil
I'm thinking if you rented a smaller space you could've saved $$ on making a large space look small?
I have the ryobi 18 one+ tools and love them. There are better tools out there but for the price, cant beat them.
Workshop in Montanna, workshop in England... so now it's Alex Steele Inc International!
Awesome new shop!
Pro tip for the saw. Buy a new blade and dont use the one that comes with ut
'Ery nice
I like the new workshop! I agree that having a small workspace feels and looks better, and personally, I have always s liked the smaller workshops that Alec has had over the years (mainly his first one).
Did you happen to order a power hammer for will? Didn't see one.... shame on you sir.
Alex would look badass ive he got a tattooed sleeve of anvils and hammers with old english floral or with molten cracks in his arm idk just me idk how you feel about tattoos
Love the fact you have the old shop back! Wonder if you can contact your old equipment that you sold and ask to buy back? Also now you're home will we see Sam again?
we use Ryobi as our battery tool of choice in the electrical company I work for, I think they're biggest downfall is quality control. we'll have a tool last for ages in horrid conditions and then another of the same tool fail after a few months. but the warranty through home depot makes it worth the occasional hassle
would love to see you and Mr Pilkington reunited
WOOOOOOOOO
For the light and the structure you want to build for it, I invite you to look at what tools and technics the theater world for stages. I like your videos on setting up a space, thanks. (Sorry for my English)
one day he will have workshops all around the world the same way England has colonies
Ryobi cordless tools are more for the average handyman/ home repair type. The drill and impact tools can hold their own against some of the more expensive brands. But the saws, grinders and sanders are budget friendly for a reason. Honestly, Harbour freight tools store brands are better, although I'm not sure if they're in Europe at all, someone else may be able to answer that for me.  As always best of luck brother, can't wait to see this shop when it's in full swing again.
As soon as I saw the shipping containers out the car window I was like “it’s the old shop isn’t it”
Get yourself some commercial lighting trusses. Might be more fun to reinvent the wheel but suspending a ton of steel overhead to hang a fixture might not be the best idea. Okay, that never stopped you before. Carry on.
Come on Alec. I've heard you say multiple times " buy right or buy twice". Or am I mistaken? According to your own words you're going to be buying twice. Which is gonna cost you more money. Still I love the videos. Long time subscriber. You can thank me later.
I like your content soooo much more when you're in England. Montana, honestly, just blows.
Would love to know how much his business running costs are
Guess we won't hear "The video sponsored by Ryobi" in the near future.
hopefully the steele belt grinders will now be available over here in UK?
duuuuuude that last thing that you have to do... i... do all the time 😥
@alecsteele if you are in the market for a lathe I have one for sale that might be of good use to you
I imagine Mighty Car Mods could tell you all about the Ryobi tools. Another great channel. They make good stuff.
Right way to spell "RYOBI":  C-R-Y-O-B-I
Those Ryobi tools are good for a few months and start going to crap.
Bonjour je ne parle pas bien anglais donc je n'ai pas tout compris. Tu reviens travailler en Angleterre ?
I love my ryobi drills. Dunno if I’d use the angle grinder though.
This is the story arc we all wanted.
Collab with Furze!
Woot a wild Jamie appears!
Time for a Colin ferze collaboration now
You need the 4ah batteries for them! 2's don't take a beating! I know as used ryobi for years now!
Wait wait wait, did I hear your wife and you moved to the UK ?Damn, I always thought Will was your wife!
For homeowner/occasional use Ryobi tools are great!.  Especially their drills and impact drivers.  The saws (circular, reciprocating) not quite as good but still perfectly reasonable.  I started out with a set 10 years ago and still have them and use them, even after upgrading to some rather nice Milwaukee's.
i don't remember subscribing to Alec Woode, but it looks like a fun chanal.
4:50 “I’ve been tricked. This is the vets!”
Time to go back to metric
Congrats on your new old shop!
You shelled out an extra 20 bucks on Plywood...IN ENGLAND!! Gahh, downvote, unsubscribe. How dare you sir *slaps cheek with glove* We use pounds here my man. It's a duel at dawn but you can't use your own weapons as they're too uhh deadly.  I shall see you tomorrow sir, where the stiffest upper lip wins!
I love my ryobi power tools
Heck ya I loved that first shop I think about sometimes when I watch your videos! Alec is a smart boi
Somehow, this Brit has mastered our American Capitalism and seems to have endless finances for materials
How much time are you going to spend over the pond? I hope not too much, because it's nice having a great blacksmith in the state's
7:50 "Part of what we're trying to achieve, is this look"  Well, I can make the face. I can't really imitate the hairstyle.
Bosch blue tools could have been a good option
Ah, the echo that I remember as a youth is back. Bring on the flags!
I'm questioning my life and my education.   dude was 16 having his own, legitimate business.....  ...🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️...
Great vid, and I love that you’ve got your old workshop back, WITH A NEW GRINDING ROOM!!! Though, I was rather hoping for some closure on Will’s last video. Felt so bad for him :’(
Finally been looking forward to seeing you again
So your basically recreating Barker St as a video set to film on. Why not! That honestly was some of the best footage. It's why I personally started following you. Small & friendly. Not like some of the ridiculously large YT productions. Just whatever you do keep having fun! We all wish we could be you! ✌️
Two months later, he moves to barker street! Cool you’re back in your old workshop man.
Well your channel is nothing but an advertising machine, so for my money you can just stay the F$%# in England!
So does this means the Colin Furze collaboration might actually come to fruition?
If you go for the Barker Street workshop look then make sure you do some holes on the roof so you can have rain indoors.
Will is moving into a new shop, Alec is back in the UK....   Am I the only one who feels like the parents are splitting up?  Do we get two Christmases??
Shell out "20 extra" what?:P
You going to try and buy the old Pinkerton?
very pog i was the 69,696 viewer
Milwaukee is the best I have used so far!
Really looking forward to hearing how the Ryobis (Ryobies? Or maybe Ryobi is also plural) do long term
Nice! I did feel that the look of your first workshop was more appealing on camera. The contrast between dark clumsy corner with the red hot steel was quite nice.
I hope your Ryobi batteries last longer than my experience
If you're in England can we be English and call it a spaner not a wrench
But will he now be working from the UK, or employing someone to maintain his UK branch while he lives & works in the US?  And what about Mrs Steele?
Dude.... your back in the UK now... we use pounds and spanners!
It's honestly nice to see you rocking those Kove headphones in a video they aren't sponsoring.  I love my Kove headphones I purchased using your discount code.  :)
"I spend so mush"😅😅😅😅 so funny, j'ai bien hâte de voir la ils old nouvelle shop.
Back to right hand drive
Will  Collin come BACK?
Yeah, don't buy DeWilt, dude; I've had nothing but bad luck with their batteries for over a decade now.
So exciting Alec! love it!
My garage workshop has 99% Ryobi.  I even bought a battery powered Ryobi lawnmower.   Good stuff doesn't have to cost twice the price.
I really was hoping for at least a check welfare in Will. I can’t imagine investing that much time, money, and care only to have it instantly destroyed.
YESSSSSSS
We beat our Ryobi tools to death around my house and they hold up great. Battery life is excellent as well in my experience.
you are using the baby batteries in the saw... you need the big boys. -ryobi carpenter
For a steel shops woodworking needs, Ryobi will do you just fine.  Had no idea you’d go this big for a 2nd shop.
Can we get Squarespace to buy Will a new hammer?
You're probably going to regret those Ryobis, I bought them when I was low on funds, too.  But it would have been better and cheaper almost to just rent/borrow the real tools while I needed them.  I can't even saw through a 1/4" sheet of plywood on a single charge with the circular saw.
Is there an ACE Hardware nearby? Didn't think so. They spoiled you.
The old one is back😁
Have you talked to Sam yet. you know he would love to see you. But i was there watching you at Barker st.  You came a long ways Alec
Sad to see the Ryobi not performing... the drills are pretty good though.
How’s driving on the right side of the car . Hope you make some awesome vids .  Love your work . ✌🏾✌️✌🏻❤️🇦🇺❤️✌🏾✌🏻
Wait... can Roko set up a squarespace?  Could you train a dog to do squarespace websites?  This sounds like a question you should answer in your next sponsored video Alec! XD
Is this a sign on a baby steele?
The nostalgia is off the charts
Holy crap I don't know why I'm so happy you managed to start working in the old shop as well, but I am
When are you coming back to the US?
Congratulations! It's really cool to see how you've grown through the different workshops over the years, hopefully the growth you've had this past year sustains for some time.
Yogo will always be American however.
Good to have you home, honey! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I just realized that Alec is damn good at real life Minecraft :P
@ 4:21 Someone just lost Ryobi as a sponsor. LOLz  Also Hi JAMIE
He's living real life GTA buying warehouses and workshops
Quote of the day, “What can I say, I’ve got a big wrench” 5:28
2020 was so bad it sent a man who makes swords and likes to shoot guns back to a country where he can't legally carry either.
Unistrut for the lighting panels FTW.
You must have been disappointed to see Norfolk Kabob and Pizza is closed 😢
Hell yeah congrats
Alec spends all this money on a big old/new workshop in the uk,...  Also Alec, spends all his money making the large old/new workshop look small
I still miss barker street lol but this will do
Your going to want the bigger batteries.   They go on sale around this time every year.
I love that workshop already, again! Srsly though, when I joined the party, 'learning' was a big deal on the channel. So I guess now ... it´s time for CNC. Also, is there such a thing as CNC blacksmithing?
This video was NOT sponsored by Ryobi lol.
Ur gonna be charging them alot!
Lol I see how’s it’s going to be. Will break up with you and you go crying back to Jamie.
Alec my brother you will be replacing the Ryobi the first time you put it under a very heavy load and being that it is not sold as tradesman equipment its just throw away not warranty.
I still got the feeling, that this won't be a temporary installment. First Will's gonna do his own thing and now you do a "vacation" back to your old place. With the wife and family. And the dog. With quarantining. Nobody does something like that, just to have a itty bitty second shop somewhere, where he's planning to be once in a while.
Should of bought Milwaukee. Those ryobi tools aren't going to last very long
Hello old workshop fluorescent lights!
I use almost exclusively ryobi tools and I love them and they have served me well in construction.
No, thats what happened when you don't support the sheet of material. Happens to good saws to, that or kickback.  Suggest a sheet of cheap insulation as a base to cut up sheet goods.
What an adventure. Returning to your roots is always exciting as long as you spread your wings without falling from the sky. Good luck with your new/old shop, will be looking forward to more videos. Stay safe young man.
lol... i study IT... i dont need it, i can make my own page, but i am too lazy and have too much asigments at university...
im curious how does the chalk line work
just need a good 5AH battery
Ryobi - all batteries the same!
Ryobi?  I went with Ryobi in the late 90's or very early 2000's based on their promise to stick with battery compatibility. Somewhere near 20 years on I'm still using the original blue and orange drills with the current lithium packs and they are still doing really well despite lots of use by me in renovations and when helping out with construction jobs at my clubs.  Don't mind the low cost.  They are very much perfectly usable tools.   Maybe a trifle more bulky than some but with their promise to keep compatibility over the years to come for battery packs you'll never find yourself with tools you can no longer use.
Does this mean you and Sam will make up?
Those Ryobi tools are surprisingly good for money. I was making fun of one of my co-workers for pulling out some Ryobi tools on an install job but damned if they didn't hold up. The batteries didn't last as long but for the price of their One battery system you can buy enough to never have a dead battery stop you.  And he beats on his like he hates them and they just keep going. I mean they aren't Milwaukee but more than any home owner needs.
I have had Ryobi tools for about ten years and I still use them... I have had to buy a couple of new batteries but I believe them to be as good as the bigger named tools but at a fraction of the price... Hope you get as much out of your Ryobi gear as I have out of mine ... BTW, I am not a rep for Ryobi , I make and setup guitars as a hobby...👍😉
2 things  1. is miss steele is also a blacksmith??  2. putting a dogo in the ad is cheating! how am i supposed to skipp when dogo?
I love that now that he’s back in the mother land he’s no longer using freedom units. 😂🤣
And on that note let's pay some bills! *Rolls sponsor bit*
When is the baby due? :D
Welcome back to the old shop and I love your four legged shop assistant. Great to see Jamie again.
sorry for asking but i thought you Alec was over the pond in his new workshop, now a new workshop in UK again?
I’ll have to say.  Of all the scripts I have on YouTube that have sponsors. I’d be willing to bet you do by FAR the best commercials for your sponsors.
The accent was almost gone. Lol. Back to alu mini um.
Are u going to visit Sam?
Great to have back in blighty (I have heard that word used since 1946) iI enjoy the Montana vids although i was gutted to see the power hammer fall and break after so much effort Will had put into it. I am looking forward to the new setup crack on I'm in lockdown and need content. All the best and stay safe J.
Ryobi now isnt that cheap, or is it? "Cheap out on tools.."
nothing like having someplace to go when visiting relatives... BUT the REAL old shop had more character and a leaky roof.
Awesome.
9:55 GAY
I'm so used to the workshop in Montana...... the one in the UK looks like sadness :/
congrats on the new old second old workshop
I honestly thought the new work shop was going to be Barker street.  Close enough.  I still cannot get the image of Will out my head I think it is going to be a while till I do.
Where is Sam.   I feel like he needs to be there.
I missed the green and yellow lines so much. Its good to see the new old new workshop again.
I have Ryobi's (for around the house and odd jobs), and I find they get the job most times. I recommend getting bigger batteries, for the saw especially; they will hold up much better and not get bogged down as quickly when under load 👍
just use metric
Personally not a fan of ryobi. Gimme a dewalt or Milwaukee any day
I can't believe your old workshop was still vacant! WOW!
AvE calls your power tools "Cryobi" probably for a good reason. Oh and by the way, when you get your power hammer don't try to move it with a pallet jack. It will end in tears as demonstrated by someone else.
Shame to see you leave America had a great thing going. I hope you have the best of luck just sad to see you leave. I hope it doesn't hurt your business to much
Never thought of Ryobi as "budget". Maybe pricing is different in Australia?  Anyway, they've been great for me!
Anybody know what kind of internet antenna he has?
As soon as I saw those poly tunnels out the car window I knew it was going to be the old workshop.
First priority is WiFi. Duh.  Can someone please make a gif of Alec carrying the boards between his legs? 😂
Man it feels good to be back
Old new workshop = good.  Potential Collab with Furzie = double good.  Potential Collab with Nate and hammering under Mr P again = internet meltdown.  Jamie shooting and editing again = dream come true!  You need a new chef mike and a woodworking visit to your Dad's workshop and then everything will be perfect :-)
Get the bigger batteries for the tools. It will make a world of difference
Ryobi can't handle heavy continuous work, they are house tools for occasional use, not Shop tools... never skimp on tools  you always get what you pay for.
@2:16 Will winces just a bit...
Why is it when hes in the US he has a UK English accent and when hes in the UK he sounds like he has more of a North American English accent
Your 24p is rolling slowly creating that small green bar rolling through the picture. The lights and shutter need to be matched and follow the 180 degree (for shutter and frame rate) rule… but must also match the cycles on the lights.
That moment when you look at Alec's life with his hard work and earned success. And you remember what you were doing at his age and where you are now.... feeling totally inadequate..... But great content as always and congrats on the new old shop!!!
I know you've probably answered this in an earlier video, But why did you go back to England ?
Most power tools are made by the same three companies and all have roughly the same durability. Only difference I have found is in customer service. If you buy festool you get great customer service.   (I removed a whole rant on how fest tool is a rip-off)
Yeah I try to stay away from Battery powered circular saws for major projects even the good ones just drains the batters.  They great for quick jobs though.
Does the upload speed matter? Your editor is there just drop him the SD card at the end of the day?
Dude have a marketing degree? Sponsor city. His videos have been overrun with these. His merch/shop plus over 2 million subs isn’t enough?? Dude makes over million dollars a year plus and every video????
Rents massive workshop, moans about cost, uses half of it.. makes sense to me 😃
Time to give Coling a call!
Love to see the mad scientist work
Here we go again
So will there be people working in this workshop when you're back across the pond?
They need a charge more often but hold up quite well
Is it the end of the North American partnership?
As soon as you said "come see my new workshop in England" I thought (mockingly) -why not just get his old one? And you did! Well played, sir, well played.
So, was America just a temporary thing?  Seems odd to sell off all your gear only to go back
Reminiscing won't be complete without at least a visit from Sam.
I'm so spoiled on 1gig up and 1 gig down on my wifi.
Stick shift yay
So happy to see you working alone again!!
You were pinching to saw blade with the plywood
I was hoping you got back into the barker street shop for old time sakes but I’m stoked you got your second shop back!  So will this second shop also be shipping and running your company supplies or just blacksmithing?
I would love to see the Vs of Money Spent to set up the shop, vs the money the channel / work has the potential to make vs the money they would have lost by just instead taking vacation for a few weeks and or working out of a friends garage. I suppose I have no idea how long Alec intends to stay.
Ryobi sucks!!!  I'm all about saving money.  Buying cheap tools doesn't save me money when I use tools for a living.
Hello great video I was hoping that you could help me out and speed the word my dad a I had a garage fire and would like to see if we could get some support we lost 90% of what we owned In there that’s if you can help out
Your Ryobi circular saw didn't bog down because you cheaped out on tools, it's because you used the wrong battery. It would have much more power with a 4AH battery in. ;)
Ryobi makes great tools. I use them, but i fear you will use them to death within a year or 2.
I have bought cheaper tools and always end up going back to my tried and true Mykita. Ryobi are great tools if you don't use them every single day. they are for the homeowner that doesn't need them daily.
Awesome ! I hope you hire a UK team
There's a reason why they were so cheap lol. Ryobi has been consistently the worst brand of tool I've ever used. Good luck, have fun.
Oh bo, Ryobi. I would've gone with Kobalt
Keep up the good work, I can't wait to see what's coming in the future!
It's amazing that seeing you back in the workshop that you left only 3 years ago can provoke such strong feelings of nostalgia. I guess it's testament to how fast you are moving forward. You're a force of nature! Keep it up.
You should make a reproduction of the Barker street forge inside your new shop.
Can't wait to see what you make here, now,  again.
I love my Ryobi 18 volt one plus tools. Haven’t failed me yet.
The ryobi tools truly need good 6 amp hour batteries, with those theyll cut through black locust no problem!
Mask up cutting that MDF! Also those ryobi tools by all accounts are pretty good as long as you don't push them too hard, there are a few woodworking channels that use ryobi power tools exclusively. You'll just maybe have to slow down a bit or take a couple of passes with a circular saw. That and a Freud brand circular saw blade is really good and will surprise you how much better a circular saw cuts. Must feel good to be back to metric
That's cool that you got your old shop back.
There's nothing more expensive than something cheap. My dad would say that every time I bought cheap tools. He was right.
Youve said it many MANY times Alec, with regards to tools. You buy cheap, you buy twice....
Nothing wrong with those ryobi tools, but get largerbatteries, those 2.0 Ah batteries dies quickly and doesnt have the oumph to properly drive the tools.
this reminds me an old time alec stele video.. i miss baker street forge!
May I buy your old workshop?
You taught us buy once cry once and you go ahead and buy Ryobi hahah!!
consider getting starlink???
ive had numerous dewalt and milwaukee tools. But now i only buy ryobi power tools. milwaukee and ryobi have the same parent company, and the price and versatility is unmatched
FYI - on using the Ryobi Circular Saw, a 4 amp battery works quite well.  It will give your saw the power and time you need to get through any dimension lumber as well as plywood.  Learned this from experience!!
Can't wait to see the full setup!!
Very cool to see the second workshop coming together lean and on the cheap. 😄👍
So very cool
If Will leaves, I'm going with him.
Can someone tell me why you  moved back to the UK
The workshop that I like the most was the first one!  Good ol times!
Guess you can kiss that Ryobi Sponsorship goodbye...
Are You going to lend the workshop while You are away? Maybe to Your dad? Just so someone is on site every other day checking things out. Are will You have a worker in UK that would handle shipping of big items (grinders, anvils) to european countries? I can imagine shipping a cointainer full from US to UK and then to individual customers being cheaper than shipping crates from US.
Welcome home Alec
I love it when dogs think the table is an appropriate place to stand
I hope all of your doors are reinforced with multiple deep bolt locks and have a high quality cameras with motion sensors.  Being gone for months at a time will be a thief’s dream.  And they will know when you are in country or not.  Sad to say you need to prepare for the bad people.
Wait, no link the that tv sized light wall?
Shame he had to sell all them tools :(
As a Six Sigma Certified guy, the taping was a great idea and dont forget to tape your "work area" for the machine itself then the area you "think" you'll need. Will create an efficient flow and do the same for your raw materials as well. Best of Luck on the New "old" workshop, now you can design and setup the easiest :D
For a guy who's trying to save money, you bought a hell of a lot of lumber
why back on the UK, did montana did not work?
Are your 2x4’s in England actually 2”x4”?
I don’t think there’s a more genuine man on this planet  then this guy right here!!! 💯
I said "oh that's so cool" out loud when I realized it wasn't just a similar unit with the same layout, it was the *exact same shop*
Back to England, back to all those metric words...
The only thing missing now is Mr Pilkington
Is it just me or is his accent thicker since he's been in England?
I've always found Ryobi to be pretty reliable tools their 3rd party batteries are more reasonable than most too
Looking forward to seeing your longer term Ryobi review. I've got a pile of those 18v tools that I keep saying I'll upgrade when they break, but 10 years on they are still going. The 6 or 9ah HP batteries are worth it
WHAT! I’ve been out of the loop. You’re back in England. Whatever. All the best mate. ❤️
It has made me inordinately happy to see that its the old workshop
The same old shop he left to move to montana
If you are paying the rent by the square meter. That also encourages you to use all of it
Very smart to have a dog on screen during the ad
Alec. Don't forget to check you workshop security. 👍😷 And welcome back.
Hey Alex them ryobi tools are pretty damn good I built a tiny house camper and currently building a van conversion using only ryobi tools
I guess there a need for an extra shop..
Links to those lights Alec bought??
Welcome back Jamie.
You should swap the fluorescent bulbs to led don't have to worry about camera flicker than
"Flats" -- Movie set walls "Knowing how to build flats is a great piece of information to know off-hand as a filmmaker, because the possibility of needing one eventually is so high. How many times have you shot scenes in your friend's mom's house, tiptoeing around, feeling like an unwelcome guest, all because you needed a living space that looked nicer than your crappy one-bedroom duplex? (Sorry, was I projecting, again?) Knowing how to construct flats relatively cheaply and easily (perhaps not as cheaply as shooting in your friend's mom's house for free, but whatever) will open up new possibilities in storytelling for future projects, and could even up the production values, too. ..." ...
I didn't realise how much I missed this style of your videos until I saw this.  Also I'm a little upset you didn't go back to Barker Street instead of big workshop v1
Awwwwwwww. Hello old friend!
I gave up on ryobi years ago and went to makita.  They are the only manufacturer that makes their own tools
569th let’s gooooo!!!
I've had Ryobi tools for years.   They have served me well.
Good. I felt like the channel changed for the worse when he moved away from England.
What's doggo called
The thing about a larger workshop is setting it up with work stations. Large part forging station with a large forge, power hammer, press, and anvil. Small part forge station with a smaller forge to use less gas to heat smaller parts, a smaller power hammer, and another anvil. Hammer/tong rack between the two stations if you don't want to double the amount of tongs and hammers you have. A machining station for the machining tools. Add a painting/staining station, glue station, wood work station, general purpose workbenches central to the other stations.. and large shops starts getting small quickly.  But setting the shop up into dedicated work stations is vastly superior to having no stations. Glue station 1 workbench, rack for clamps, shelf for clamp blocks, shelf with all your glues. Workbench has a butcher paper roll on one side and a way to clamp the paper down that's not tape so your workbench can quickly have a glue covered surface removed and replaced with fresh paper. Painting station should have a workbench for doing brush on painting and stain work, a shelf with stains and paints, all your brushes sponges, and cloths. Then make a 4x6x8 foot paint booth out of galvanized fence posts and hardware that's covered in plastic sheeting, vent with a filtered vent and clothes drier exhaust tube that can be ran out the shop door to vent outside and rolled up when not needed. Put a clothes rack(on casters) inside with metal clothes hangers that were cut into hooks to hang parts to be painted, and a shelf with all your spray paints. General purpose workbenches, 1 for sanding and filing work, 1 for other uses like electrical wiring... all can be used for anything but job specific tools kept at one workbench rather than at all so your not hunting for a file or wrench.  Setting up dedicated workstations cuts down on walking in the shop, need to glue up handle scales? You go to the gluing station and everything you need to do the job is right there, no glue on a shelf in the back of the shop, clamps over in one corner, and workbench is in another... no you reach to the shelf and grab what you need right there without leaving the workbench. Then the glued up part isn't taking up space at your workbench while it dries when you want to file and sand another part... which you had all your files and sandpaper right there within reach ready to use at the sanding/filing workbench.
That’s so strange seeing you back in the old workshop you worked so hard to pack up and sell all your machines etc. I don’t mean that in a bad way or anything, and I hope everything goes well for you with this workshop and the Montana workshop. You’ve definitely come along way from that young kid in the small old old workshop. Keep on grinding (pardon the pun 😜).
I will heavily suggest those 4ah batteries, they're fantastic but not too bulky
if ryobi doesn't sponsor you...
you need a second will
4 minutes and 20 seconds - it's not the tool, it's operator error - the boards were bending (butterfly wings) and binding up the blade.  My 20V  Dewalt does the same thing.
Oooh, that was nerve racking. But a second workshop...all is well.
not the tools. it was the operator binding the blade
Does this mean we will see more videos since you need to pay for a second workshop? I personally would love to see multiple videos a week from you.
The internet set up had me :O lol
I worked for a big box store (of the orange variety) and ryobi is a great company for diy projects. For home owners who just want to build a little deck, screw in a shelf, make small to medium projects. For what he is using in this video so far, its great!
what stios people from stealing your sim card?
Does this mean we get Jamie back in house for time youre in England?? Edit: he just appeared yay
The ryobis have served me well, they just need quality bits and blades
As I always say, When in doubt, BNQ it
Another workshop?!?!
You can get the 4.0 ah batteries for the ryobi drills which will help you alot just dont use them with the brushed drills Edit: and if you'd get the big batteries not just the higher output batteries itll last longer then the amount of cutting you did for the table
Me: then why didn't you just get a small work shop Also me: cause its Alec and that's not how he does it, go big or go home.     At least you have a large supply of flags back here in the states, good time to use them
Glad your changing the feel I liked your OG shop. You should check out Matt Estlea workshop they have turned that into a really nice space. 👌
One could treat the space as if it was a set for like a house where there is a wall that appears to be there but is accuallt just where all the filming occurs from
You need a hand tool sponsor.
I’ve got the ryobi set. They perform well above their price, I’ve been thrilled!  Hope you have a similar (or even better) experience!
Put material storage by garage door. Then Put the band saw right after it. Then you don't have to haul it all the way into your shop to store it. Then drag it back out to use it.
You're going to like Ryobi Alec, they are a budget power tool but they are a good budget power tool. The batteries are a little bit vulnerable to loss of capacity due to overcharging, but as I'm sure you take damn good care of your tools that shouldn't be a problem
You know, I don't know how genuine Alec is. I cant know after all I've never met him 😂 But damnit does he always feel 110% genuine. That ending piece about Squarespace was proper nice like. Welcome back to this side of the pond my dude!
Honestly, I've worked construction with ( sometimes ) Ryobi stuff, mostly Makita and Bosch Blue though and the One+ Ryobi stuff has been quite good so far, atleast for the price.
Mighty Car Mods has used Ryobi tools for years and years, to the point Ryobi became a sponsor of the channel. I'm sure they'd love to hear from you too ;)
5:33 huuuwwaaaa
Anytime I see wooden walls in a blacksmith's shop I think about errant sparks and the slow-smoldering fires they can create. The kind that you may not notice when you head home for the evening.  Just something to consider when choosing your wall covering.
your vacuum is a familiar face.
Nice to see you setting up in the UK again Alec. I bet it really does feel like coming back home with the old workshop.
Those Ryobi tools were a bad choice, but if you don't use them too often, they will do
So happy to see Jamie back!
Nice to see you being more and more successful.
What's the over/under on how long it's going to take Alec to get tired of travelling between the US and UK?
Great having you back this side of the pond.  Totally approve of prioritising family and staying in touch, despite all the costs and other problems associated with that.
I started watching this channel when you were on Barker street and that was the best content you ever put out. I was excited when you moved (the second time) to Montana and frankly the best content there were the trials and tribulations you endured with broken equipment, setting up that space, and mastering making jewelry. This needed to happen I had lost interest in your videos after the calvary sword build. I miss the days of making 70 hammers in a day. You have redeemed yourself Alec
I used to work for Charter Communications here is the U.S and ive got to say yall have an interesting way of receiving your signal. Lol ive never seen a antenna set up like that with an SD card an all. But! Love the viddy! Good luck with the new old shop
Ryobi isn’t bad . DONT DROP it they will junk fast if you do
Alec, remember... "Buy once, Cry once"  I live by it to this day!
Alec I know exactly why you really left Montana. The Steve Bullock and Steve Daines political ads drove you to leave. I honestly can't blame you. American political seasons suck.
Maybe in this workshop you have to get by without a power hammer! Haha
Hi, if you are going to use Ryobi get the biggest batteries
Hey Alec, love your videos. I’m not sure If i speak for myself or others as Well, but I’m curious to why you moved back hooome!? Well some of it obviously, but I would love to hear an inside depth to why the sudden moving around🤙🏽
At 0:08 you can hear Alec destroying the hopes of thirsty women everywhere.
Anyone else kinda want to see him somehow get the same power hammer as he used to have?
The sound of that masking tape at 7:34 was an oddly sattisfying sound.
Excitement too high right now!
I’m having flashbacks of the time you made the Viking sword in that shop, what an amazing build
Crying from nostalgia
What happened to sam
So exciting
Still waiting on that Colin furze collaboration
Ryobi drills are surprisingly good--The 2 drills that my dad has had for 8 years refuse to die... We thought they had died when we used them for mixing several bags of grout, but after letting them cool down, they were up and running.
Maaan, the feelings when seeing the workshop 😍
I have had HORRIBLE luck with Ryobi tools! I don't buy them anymore. Hopefully you have a better time with them. They last a long time if you don't use them much. CHEERS!!
Missed seeing Jamie in the videos. Happy to see him again in front of the camera.
I love that Jamie is back, really like these guys dynamics
Ok man, I'm sure you realized that your simcard antenna thing would confuse us in the states. So here it goes. Is it normal to use cell data for home wifi in the UK or is that just a preference you have?
Wrench???? surely you mean spanner alex
Big fan of Ryobi. Massive collection of their stuff in my shop at work. If you feel like making something fancy I could send you a sketchup file of the mobile storage rack I built for all of it. It’s all wood but I bet you could do it up nicely in metal.
"Time to pay some bills" also "cheap tools" after talking about trying Ryobie tools. Guessing that they won't be a future sponsor 😆
You are a English man.  Please speak English and not American.  Its pounds or quid not bucks and dollars
I say any casualties need to be sent to Uncle Bumblefword for their postmortem. ☺
How long is it gonna take to make your money back when you are here like 6 weeks out of the year but pay rent 52 weeks out of the year? Will you be getting pensioner benefits?
Ryobi is cheaper than Dewalt and they last infinitely longer. The first Ryobi Impact Driver we bought is still working, ten-ish? years later. Old Trusty is so old, he's blue rather than Ryobi Green
From left hand drive automatic to right hand drive stick? At least you can drive stick 😎 Never let standard transmissions die out.
Mr Pilkington 2.0
that big panel light you can make them out off old led tv screens and pc monitors by stripping them down tacking the lcd panel out and putting led strip around the outside then putting it all back together they work well!! and cost next to nothing, check out diy perks page if you want a vid on lot's off lighting build video's, just a bit bigger than my 12x8 foot shed then lol
Guys we are back in the metric!!!
so much good content came out of that place.
LOL, I joked that the surprise would be his old workshop form before he left and... it actually IS!  Now we just need Mr Pilkington back in the old spot to make things more familiar and comfy.  Since Jamie's back with the new old workshop, does that mean we'll get some Sam cameos as well?
Legend says the echos of Will screaming No are caught in the rafters of Alecs New Old shop
I’m guessing there is a baby Steele on the way hence the long stay in the UK but that’s only a guess
I find it hilarious that your old shop was still available
only British person I can listen too
Hope this means your inventory will be more accessible in the uk?
Not gonna lie Alec. Your best videos came out of this shop. Glad to see you back in the ole gal
The old shop was umbelivable so nostalgic :O
You need a 4+ amp hour battery for the circular saw to work. The  2ah battery does have the power needed to cut through wood
Dud makes bank
Wait. You're how young?
Let's pay some bills *inserts plug* lol so jealous
Welcome back to UK 👋🙆‍♂️
Those power tools will let you down,I have deWalt and they even are a chore with battery life and failure.
Mikrotik.. Good choice of 4G receiver. :D Ohhh, and R-tech plasma cutter.  *drool*
So I am confused why did we move back to England? Did I miss something on an earlier video?
Wife?! How old is he wtf
So... is he done living in the US now and moved back to the UK?
Ever thought about a machine fleet rent? We are quite happy with it. Not an advertisement per se. Just asking your thoughts on the matter.
Yay for the return of Jamie!
I bought a ryobi impact wrench for a quick job 4 years ago its been used everyday and its still going strong
Bro your dog is adorable I have two myself always have dogs  there are awesome
it still has that weird lighting issue too, hahaha!  Love it! Glad to see they held onto it for ya!  Now, if you can just get your old Pilkington back...
Project idea; try making the subtle knife from the most recent episode of his dark materials. Really cool twisted blade and effects on the metal
So it's not just a workshop it's actually a studio set of a workshop.
i love my Ryobi tools, battery aint bad, good torque. and save money. Will is a tool.
I always have to mount my benches to a building. lest I rip the whole thing around  by my vice
Is it odd going back to metric?
It's so good to see you back in the old workshop.  must feel so good to be back in a familiar space
I really like Alec, but I also love the dynamic Alec has with other people. It would be cool to have "multiple" smiths like we had Will
oh no not ryobi anything but that..  well im kind of interested what his experience will be.  I got an angle grider from them and it was so fucking underpowered
back then your videos were really friendly and personal - but as every youtuber gets: “i have thousands of subscribers and i have dozens of sponsors. let's earn big money! ” the hardcore fans won't see any difference - but what is important to you personally? Quantity or quality? Just for show?
You are the prettiest princess, Alec
I really love my Ryobi one touch tools, I even have the weedeater, and its great
sounds like he is reading a lot of books about lean production and general efficiency. I am waiting for shadow boards to start popping up.
The every episode sponsored videos is bad for image. You should stand by your sponsors and taking a sponsor just for quick cash is greedy. But that’s just my thoughts from a guy with no YouTube sponsors of mommy and daddy to start me off on a good foot  I like it this way
going to say Not the Ryobi are bad but they are budget tools they are meant to be for the person doing the above average use but work shop grade tools they are not sure you save money now but if you add even %10 time increase well you tend to come out worse off in the long run
Please move back to the uk the vids were so much better !!!
that are nicknamed cryobie for a reason!!!
Fun fact this site of your old new workshop used to be a mushroom farm.
just get a smaller workshop ?
Make a sharpening wheel with the leftover MDF, you won't need will to do any of the knife sharpening anymore 😋
Did anyone else start off this video thinking how cool it would be if he went back to the old workshop?
They call them Cryobi for a reason. Dis gun be gud.
Sorry Alec, normally I'm here for you but right now I'm here for Will. We love you Will! Stay strong buddy!  ps glad to see everything is working out Alec.  pps bring back mr. pilkington
Now only if Nate will sell Mr Pilkington back to Alec.
The funny part is, he comes back to europe and instantly uses metric :D
Jamie!!! Stoked to have the montage master back on film!
Awesome seeing Jamie back in the videos!
Congrats, Alec, landing back where you started.  Sure hope we get to see more of Jamie.  Best of luck on setting up your workshop.  AND, how about bringing Alex over sometime?  Again, CONGRATS!!!!!!
Why did yo u move Alec? :(
That’s hilarious, got the 2nd workshop back. I bet now your wishing you kept everything there and started all new in Montana.
I remember the barker street work square space !  Hey Alec !!!
I’ve been watching since Barker St Forge boy do I miss those days I still wear my One Million subscribers shirt
Make the toriko komatsu knife :3
I tested my internet the other day and I get 0.3 mbps upload 😂
I started watching you just a couple of months before you first got this shop. Glad to see you got it back.
If I were you Alec, find a business partner that will be using the space while you are not there so that shop stays productive while you are not there.
i know its weird but im really going to miss the Montana workshop it was such a cool place to see and when you where outside looking at all of the beautiful landscapes
Now that you're back in England, collab with @colinfurze when?
Il be looking out for the review on the budget power tool, i know they dont hold up to the expensive ones when pushed to the limit but if they get the job done thats what counts!
Are you going to have to go back to Metric now? I am so sorry for your loss......
I’m excited for this! I love seeing the build up of the shop!
ryobi tools are amazing but if your using them constantly get a higher end of tool
JAMIE IS BACK ON THE CAMERA!!! damn feel like it's been 20 years...
"20MB a second download, not so good"  *Cries in rural Australian*
Climbs the pole and looks at the fuzzy sim card....lol
I really enjoyed this video.  Been a very long term subscriber since barker street. This feels somehow so much more genuine and down to earth, the Montana shop sometimes feels so unattainable and at times click bating which I understand needing to do. No offense meant.
Nowt wrong with Ryobi, I am more than happy with mine. The first I bought (drill) has done all my drilling for 20 years.  (Not that I drill every day) The tools stop like we saw in the video when you over-current the battery (internal limiting). Recharge or use the big battery on the saw.
I like my RYOBI tools.  Meriden, Kansas
More yogo b-rolls Would be much appreciated
I sense a real Colin Furze collab happening in your future - at least I hope so
“Bucks” still needs adjusting 😂
Wife! When sis that happen?
So Alec does this mean the collaboration with Colin furze is back on?!!😊
You’re gonna kick yourself every time you pick up one of those pos power tools.
My ryobi drills have been working great for years. Same with the jigsaw and reciprocating saw. But the circular saw... yeah, it just isn't powerful enough to run on battery power.
I have Ryobi tools and I can say that the handheld circular saw sucks but all the other tools work great!
ALEC IS BACK!!
You could purchase a Ryobi Chopsaw since it works so well on cutting round stock so much more faster than a  bandsaw especially when you put a diamond tooth metal cutting blade on it
Alex pays the ridiculous price of UK commercial real estate, to have a workshop to use for a few weeks each year... Where I live at least that workshop would set you back at least £1k per month
blacksmith master of all the tools
No mention of Will's devastation
Howdy from Pennsylvania 🤠 usa
This black smith kid speaks proper English better than 99% of America. Makes me feel dumb and under educated.
So many memories 😁 bloody hell I missed you in UK, wanna meet up and have a cold one with ya
Now you can do a collab with colin
set up work cells. Each individual area is a self contained work unit.
I've worked my Ryobi tools very hard, some for over 7 years. I've had my first tool failure recently. It was an impact driver which I suspect the hammer mechanism broke, not the motor. I would be confident using them in any enviroment
Those tools will work just fine, unless you really use them use them. Then they fall apart
How long are you going to be in England??
Damn good work man ur definitely killing it keep up the good work
What you do right there ist building a scene like you would in a movie, but you can actually use it. I really really like that, because you will have the big Workshop to make huge Projects but you will also have the small workshop to make smaller more rustic Projekts and that is just absolutely amazing. I am really looking forward to your new Projects.
I’m a carpenter and I’ve been using Ryobi for years,! They hold up just great! Best cheap power tool on the market in my opinion!
I feel like you should’ve saved time and money and kept the shop how it was. Don’t worry about a secondary wall or any of that
Aww look. Little Alec is learning show business. Building sets and lighting and stuff. I'm so happy.  In all seriousness, I have loved watching you grow and learn new things. Thank you for bringing us along.
Over the last year i was thinking, 'I wish he was back in his old workshop making simpler videos again'.  Didnt actually think that was possible.
4:05 did you grow an extra hand!?
Alec *buys large workshop* “hey guys we’re now going to put up some walls inside the shop to make it smaller”  *any reasonable person* let’s just buy a smaller shop in the first place.
The first "Vertical Space"!
Ryobi is awesome they can hold there own and are cheaper than others which means there easier to replace
Will you make a trip to the barker street forge? I miss that dusty old place
There's a reason Ryobi tools are so much cheaper...
Get a bigger battery only 2ah get the  5.5 or 6ah
That's awesome!! I started watching your channel while you were in this ship!
FYI dewalt is over rated.  Unless you are using the tools every day 8hrs a day, those you have will be just fine
Please get an interesting power hammer. I feel like that makes the shop
Sooooo... You're building an indoor shed?
Does anyone else kind of feel like Alec and Will just broke up? Weird thought I know. Almost like mommy and daddy don't live together anymore. You decide who daddy is. LMAO.
2:20 Oh Nice! Product Placement sponsored by Ryobi? ... 4:15 oh, nvm, sponsored by Milwaukee 😂
I have a feeling Alec is slowly going to move back to the uk because of how messed up America is right now 🙁. I’ll still be tuning in!!
Alec, you're steering wheel is on the wrong side??
You gotta go try to get Mr Pilkinton back
This video is not brought to us by Ryobi.
Steele Inc Int'l
It's good to see Jamie back on the cameras. his shooting is every bit as good as his editing.
Nothing really wrong with ryobi just needs the bigger batteries especially for the more powerful ones
I was really hoping Colin Furze was gonna pop up in this video since he was in the video when Alec left.
3:05 Is this song free for anyone to use and what's the name of it? It would go great for a friends project
I'm excited to see Jamie!
I'm guessing that if you have the money, you'll be staffing this workshop with production blacksmiths so that you can manufacture and distribute Alec Steele products in Europe? It seems like the sort of thing you would do!
Love that you are back in the UK! I was abit gutted when you moved to the states. I use to love the old videos from this workshop when it was just You, some tools and a camera! Can't wait for the  new projects.😁😁😁👍👍
FYI, the saw isn't stopping because it's "cheap" it's because your wood was unsupported past a point and the wood was pinching your blade.
Tip for those battery powered saws: use at least a 4 amp hour or more battery. Fixed a lot of the binding on my ryobi saw
Deja vu.
Alec are you okay? You put 4 videos worth of content into a single video.
It just dawned on me that since Alec is now back in the UK, and is even getting the new old workshop back up and running again, we may yet see that colab between him and Colin Furze, one can dream.
This REALLY is one of those "we left your room as it was before you left"-situations! :D
I've got that Ryobi saw, it's a baws. I also got the handheld vacuum, which is awesome if you have cats.
Seems like you should've just held onto all those old tools before moving to Montana
With all the money Alec is spending and with Will's power hammer broken and it not being mentioned at all lol.. I guarantee Alec is planning on something big for Will.. just wait lol
And now we have a good reason to start sending you flags from all over the world....again
When Alec said the new light was "only 90 pounds" I was shocked at how strong he was holding it up...then he showed the price of the old light and I realized that I am stupid.
Kewl stuff, looking forward to the ongoing build, and eventually some knives once your back up and running :)
Ryobi eww gross eww no eww
Nice kinky boots
Getting the 4.0 or 6.0 ah batteries will fix the batteries dying so quickly. Especially when using the angle grinder and circular saw
Great to see you operating out of your home country again. It never looked like you were really "home" in the US.  I look forward to seeing your journey into rebuilding the workshop and it's great to see you and Jamie teamed up again 👍
This was a great video considering there was no forging. Well done mate!
JAMIEEEEE!!!! Nice to see you again!
ah yea the good old green lines while recording great video man!
Why would any1 thumbs down?
I can tell you now that the Ryobi tools wont last very long.
Thats awesome, is this still in Norfolk, you can't be that far away from where I am at the moment
Just pointing out Colin furze uses just roybi tools so I mean if there good enough for Colin must be good enough for everyone 😂
This brings back some memories. Now to go back to the old old workshop to reclaim it :D
All right guys, we have to liven up the old workshop with a new set of FLAGS!  Who's in? Alec, what's an address we can ship to?
Alec Steele once told me when it comes to buying tools, buy once - cry once.
Building a wall?
It’s crazy how much you’ve grown! Just don’t stretch yourself too thin man.
That blue tape sound is EPIC. Well done Jamie.
This is not a workshop build. It's a set build. This is cool.
PLOT TWIST!
Glad to be home in the UK time to apply for forge in fire yoooooo???????
Perhaps your finest segue to the advertisement. Well played.
Fricking heck, I thought he was moving for good
This brings back so much nostalgia. As soon as Alec showed it, i immediately knew it was the old workshop.
I do love the editing and filming language that Jamie uses. He makes shots and cuts that moves the narrative forward quickly and entertainingly
Square space being real bros
Maybe a weird idea, but one side is all cramped and old school. Maybe do another side with some fancier machines. Maybe a water jet or cnc and give that side a modern look
Next time on Alec's new workshop: Guys, I got the Pilkington back!
How is Will? I truly hope he's doing okay after this week's tragedy!
I realy like to see how the old, new workshops turns out with the vibe of bakerstreet.
COLIN FURZE COLLABORATION!!!!
You know what Alec, this is too cool. If I ever start a website, I promise to use SquareSpace just cause they have supported you for so long.
Great to see you again Jamie! o/
it's the same workshop... 🗿 You got me there bruv.
For building structures like that for holding lights is why I love Steeltek fittings so much. They're incredible.
Recognized the old workshop immediately, this is ridiculous
Haven’t watched since you jetted off the the colonies. Glad to see you back.
Can you make a channel just for setting up workshops for other people bc it’s actually really fun
I can’t believe that he is making a nother work shop
This reminds me of a very similar situation that happened in our Family.  My Mother just purchased a home that we owned thirty years ago. When we went in to look it over it was almost unchanged from the day we originally sold it. What was really interesting though was a small set of decorative wind chimes that we had hung in the basement bathroom years ago was still hanging in the same spot and the marks on the wall for all of the kids heights as they grew were still there.
I've had very good luck with Ryobi for my day-to-day tools. For some tools that I use constantly though it's worth the extra money for Makita.
Yessss .. im looking forward to this new workshop built
1ms latency?  People would kill for that.. :D
Thank the gods for LED lighting for the old new shop!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good luck with those Robin tools mate you will need it😇
Is that a gamer supps shaker I see in your truck cup holder
So funny! I genuinely said to my wife, after the video announcing that you were looking for a shop to build out in the UK, "I wonder if he'll get the old shop back"? Can't wait to see you transform that huge shop into a quaint, little operation for the camera. We've missed that feeling of seeing you in a shop that looks like so many of ours. Hey, you're gonna need a few flags in there aren't ya?
The ryobi drills and impact are fine but the cordless saws by them are junk
... buys back Mr. Pilkington
Everytime I see Alec I just think what if Austin Powers was a blacksmith?
I am confused have u moved bk to the uk or u still live in America but just bk over the uk to do the new workshop then going bk to America after
Alec building another work shop as if he even works in the first place
Ryobi... The quality becomes apparent when you see the amount of green boxes at the return counter of your local hardware shop.🙄 Squarespace... So over advertised that I would NEVER use them just out of pure spite😡 Alec... Still slightly annoying but also still very inspiring 😁 Will... I feel your pain 😢 Jamie.... Cinematic
Alec Steele: Workshop building youtube channel.
Tho get the max ofthe ryobi tools you have to get the 5.0ah batteries
Congratulations hope to see more videos of the shop building. Keep up the great craftsmanship and hard work forge on
Eyyyyy! Awesome you got your workshop back. Looks like you might need a few flags. XD
lol, that is great! I am shocked the shop looks like no one moved in since you have been gone... but then again 2020
Are you a millionaire Alec?
Alec do you have a po box to send you a new Irish flag for them big white walls! Great to have you back!!
Enter gratuitous anti-Ryobi sneer here -------->
i miss the old days in barker street so much.
Welcome back to the UK!!
What I appreciate most about this video is that you are remembering where you came from.   Far to often people forget about the foundation that built their success and stray to far from it.    Great video as always Alec.
4:24 as a woodworker my bet is that there was nothing wrong with the saw but on your set up. my guess is that the boards were pinching the blade.  Good job mate
It amazing that you were able to get your old shop. It was around the time that you moved to that shop when I found your channel
Use the 9.0Ah BATTERIES on the circle saw and other heavy duty Ryobi tools. Transformers the power 💪👍  And also: don’t forget to turn the camera over from NTSC🇺🇸  to  PAL 🇬🇧 to get rid of that banding indoors 😄👍
Looking forward to more developments!
2x4 cost US vs UK?
you should go with Bosch Blue!
Ryobi has great tools you were just cutting in ways where the wood binds on the blade, it can cause kickback and bad cut quality.
Get a Blumax or a Nazel hammer for a power hammer
3:11 pegou na canela! hahaha
"When you accidentally delete your game and have to restart from scratch."
you should make a video where we get to follow your dogs daily life
NGL... I'm kinda worried if having workshops in 2 different countries and traveling between them is financially wise. Feels to me like Alec is bleeding money but hopefully it works out for him
I just started the episode and brings back memories. Absolutely amazing. This just made my day.
212th
You know what gave me real nostalgia? Not Alec being back in England, nor the old workshop, naaah! It was having to set the speed to 25%, just so I can keep up!
So, Jaime now has to shoot the video, be in the video, and edit the video.  I hope you gave him a raise.
soon as I saw those blue containers I was like " its the old shop! "
That’s the old workshop how amazing
I REALLY appreciate "Sausage Making" videos! They fascinate me, the behind-the-scenes bits. Thanks for this, Alex! ;) Can't wait to see it done.
Welcome back to whatever!
I really hope you are gonna rent out the shop to a uk based smith or maker to keep it running and not being a money pit. Heck find someone to hire an be the uk regular content maker
You having Mrs Steele run the cameras for you? Hope her rates are affordable! :)
You are doing such a great things right now! I think that this is a risky choice, but sounds great! Greetings from México.
so whoise gonna be running the second shop when your in the us
4:17 - And that is why I threw out my cordless Ryobi circular saw and got a corded one.  The cordless ones drain a battery after a couple of cuts.
While I love Ryobi as a home hobbyist, I feel like your previous call of "Cry once, buy once" is going to come back to bite you...
LOL, don't test positive, still 14 days. Welcome to 1984, thirty six years too late.
Kinda crazy cause I’m in the crowd that’s been watching since that smaller shop in 2016 which is crazy to see Alec grow
My Ryobi tools have held up tremendously well. Really good stuff.
i have been using ryobi power tools for 15 years now never had an issue they hold up just as well as the big name tools. have dropped several pieces of the set you got off ladders and such on accident and they all still work like new
Why am I not surprised that he got his old workshop back
Please for nostalgia purposes go back to the old old workshop where the microwave was on a quadrant platform above and you used to film with Sam £> (Do you like the patriotic heart?)
The last two videos on this channel have hit right in the feels. Congrats Alec, sorry will.
I may or not may work for the company you got your SIM card with, I could of probably got you a better offer lol
Congratulations on surviving quarantine.. and bonus, without breaking any power hammers.. Knock wood. Which you're doing.
i have a ton of ryobi tools and the older model of impact driver is way better than the newer ones.
He was so darn close to having an American accent, and then he had to back to the UK. What the heck! Lol just kidding. I hope you have a good holiday, and have fun with family.
7:50 Your trying to achieve that Colin furze shed style aesthetic, and I would agree it make a far more interesting background, it's more personal to.
How's Will doing?
I can imagine Alec having to pay shipping to get one of his own anvils and hammers shipped form Montana to the new shop.
Please get mr pilkington back!!! And the Bridgeport!
Fabulous to have you back in the UK for a while. Can’t wait to see what you do with the new old workshop.
dang the old new workshop layout is really coming back to me
Not a word about Will's broken power hammer? We want to know how Will is doing!!
Wow, I did not expect the old workshop to make a comeback. Congratulations, Will! Maybe see if your old shipping container is still there too???
You seem very motivated to get this shop up and going, can we expect more uploads more often. That'd be sweet
Alec's plan of blacksmith world domination has begun! muhahahha
Your 4g is faster than my house wifi 😢
Guessing Nord VPN is the other sponsor
The new style production quality with this kind of content is awesome to see, looking forward to more fun times setting up the old new New old new workshop!
I remember a guy telling me years ago, from that same shop, buy once cry once 😂
I'm glad you have some more space. I hope it gets filled with power hammers!
This video not sponsored by Ryobi
You can dial in the radio for your internet speed to improve by making sure it’s aimed as directly at the tower or broadcast site as possible. That’s a directional radio and you’d be surprised how much difference that will make! Just my $.02 as a former wireless tech
Ryobi to save money, that doesn't sound right to me
Am I the only one that still remembers the same light flicker from a couple of years ago before he set up the massive light contraption 😂😂😂 back to the roots💪💪
I want to see that "I spent so much money" again. Every time you buy something. Hilarious!
Some of ryobi's Higher End tools like the Brushless and HP Lines definitely are worth it but the lower end lines definitely suck when doing big jobs, not sure how many of the HP and Brushless tools are available in the UK, maybe youll have to ship back some of the US Versions for yourself
I missed Jamies video editing, happy days.
The pallet against the wall looks cool. Try filling the rest of the block wall with pallets 🤷🏻‍♂️ who knows, you might like it!!  ❤️👊🏼👍🏻👍🏻
9:58 looks like u got a massive bogie hanging out ur snotter lol i know its a shadow before people go crazy. 😂
Get Mr Pilkinton back
Looks like a huge booger is hanging out  his nose at 9:57 😂😂
The moment I saw you driving past that shipping container I said to myself.  ITS THE OLD WORKSHOP OMG?!?!?! 1 small frame later.  ITA THE OLD WORKSHOP OMG?!?!?!?! That makes me happy. Im beyond excited to see the progress. But pleaaaaase, no more 100th episode of "building a giant thing" 🤣
Over the years this channels gone from a mild interest to something I get genuinely excited about when i get an upload notification
Last time I came this early my gf left me
Ryobi is crap! It's cheap for a reason. Return it and spend the money on a good set
07:50 oh boy that stillframe gave me a good laugh :'D
Hi Alec,  im not sure if you take requests but i was wondering if you could make bloodhounds heirloom from apex legends? Thanks!
Just amazing
This is so nostalgic😊😊
I've used ryobi for years, they seem to work out just fine. Though, I'm curious as to how they hold up for you.
DID THE TAPE BIT AT 7:39 NOT AT LEAST DOUBLE YOUR SEROTONIN  LEVELS.
Glad to see Will gone and Alec back to actually doing stuff. Welcome change!
We lose Will but we get see more Jamie. So, we've basically traded Will for Jamie.
back in the uk ..., what is lumber ? and metric only now alec !!!
Why did ya leave the States?
Did you get will a new hammer?  If you buy enough batteries you will get good use out of the ryobi, but their batteries died before their time as a general trend. A friend got a similar set two years ago, added another tool last year with 2 batteries, he has 1 that will still hold a charge for more then driving one screw.
You're in the UK now, it's timber haha, loving the videos as always, great work.
In the voice of Eric O: "If I can do it you can do it"
you should have gotten RIDGID power tools they come with a lifetime warranty including the batteries.
The new shop looks so good!
Welcome back to the sensible continent, the place where we progress and develop...
Nice that the pups got to go with you. I know that it is a bit fussy getting pets back and forth over the ocean.
Ah yes, it's that time of year when Alec gets a new workshop!
Sorry Alec I can't seem to get the larger part of your video there seems to be a good girl in the background completely taking away my attention 👀
Those Ryobi tools work well. The batteries are the crap part.
Hope getting all the stuff for your workshop goes well. Also the little pieces that fall off of the steel when you use the lathe. Can you 're-carbonate them and make a billet? Always been curious about that
Also you are going to hate ryobi.
And the first thing you do is make a horizontal surface.  Sigh.  : |
Haven't liked any of your new workshops since your barker Street one totally agree
Alec has become international. One day a household name
I read that as british sweatshop
Having a workshop in the US and UK technicaly means he's running a international business now right!?
Was really hoping for a return to Barker Street
I know it's been a while, but I love the energy that Jamie brings to the videos. Glad to see him back!
How I didn't miss that green banding over the footage.  But dang, over three years I've been watching. I remember being sad that I had to go to camp halfway through your first sword build. But I did meet a farrier while I was there, so I got my blacksmithing fix.
R-Tech plasma and Tig !! Quality product and service great choice
Why he driving on the wrong side???
Guys I am not sure on how I am gowing to tell him but I think it's his old workshop🤔
Mabey Ryobi tools are as good in the UK. In over 5 years have never had an issue with any of my Ryobi tools.
I dont know why but i really really wanted to hear the gta sa menu options browsing sound as you listed the things you need to do
I'm guessing you didn't have the time to this time around, but seems a shame you couldn't save some money by getting second hand tools - given Will's experience with the power hammer would love to see some videos about buying used tools: where to look, what to look for to get a good deal, (maybe some tips on how to restore things to their former glory), and just your experiences with buying tools secondhand. Love the new old new old new workshop! :)
Nice shop
Should swap to a Starlink connection next year
I've missed you brometheus
As someone who has been subscribed since you moved from the barkerstreet workshop, no words can describe the utter joy that lightened my face so see the old workshop again.
Best tool for the money ryobi cant be beat
Thank you for adding the Crying From Stress phase. It is an integral part of any plan. 👍
He snagged the old workshop vibes. Really working on building viewer retention.
14 seconds ago lmaooo
A transatlantic Blacksmithing empire? Brilliant. God bless your old, new English workshop! What a wonderful walk down memory lane.
Are have been around since your very first workshop and the videos that made me subscribe was you making hammers
Laughs after new shop is made & wills hammer is dead & soon going off on his own
I love my ryobi tools for small projects around the house, works just as well as my dewalts.
Welcome back! You can drop the imperial unit thing now finally. 32mm, so 1 and 6 sixteenth of a quintuplet inchfootpoundmile.
Alex you should’ve went for the brushless grinder from Ryobi I’ve had mine for two years now use a daily still works
Moving a dog across an ocean is incredibly expensive on its own. Hell, travel to and from Montana is expensive. The second workshop is just an inconvenience by comparison.
So good to see you back in Blighty
I would have paid money for you to go back to your original workshop
Anyone else still shook from last vid
Yogo got so big!
6 minutes and 4.2k views already, lol
now your talking !! best shop u ever had
I'm happy to know this isn't another Permanent move, but rather just a second location for when you Visit Family and the like, and that the Workshop in America isn't going anywhere. So no matter where you go, you can make and forge all you like!
Congratulations this must feel great!
Those power tool are good in the beginning but they definitely don't hold up as well as the other brands. I  much rather buy Milwaukee or Makita
Can square space help you to buy Will a new power hammer?  Too soon? 🙊
The ryobi blades suck. Just swap to a diablo blade and that saw will work way better.
its not the tool, its the operator. put a 2x4 under the plywood so it doesn't bind the blade.
What breed of dog is yogo?
Like a blast from the past!
It’s great he’s back to his old shop but it’s sad without mr pilkington
I frickin knew it
Tip from my grandpa, a  carpenter: wear a mask anytime you cut any  particle board. The adhesives can give you COPD!
Alec that's cheating! You can't butter up a sponsor spot using such a beautiful pooch as the star!
How did Yogo cope with returning to the uk?
That was cool but would of been cooler if it was Barker St again would of brought back memories of jelly roll good old days
How long ago was he in this workshop?
Is jamie filming again?!
Gonna regret the Ryobi. Never owned one but have used many and been around a lot. Come and go like danish cookies in my house.
Outstanding. I have enjoyed watching your growth Alec. Turning into a true businessman.
Definitely not sponsored by Ryobi this episode then? 😂
Cryobi 😂😂😂😂😂😂nuuuuuuuu
Hey!  We are back in England! :D
Money must be good huh..this guy just flying around the world opening workshops...
Even though I am excited for every video that comes out by alec, i would like to know how will is doing. So sad last video 😭
there is a slightly damaged power hammer available in Montana that the owner might let you have cheap.....his name is Will........;-p
I heard about this first on the Brainpick aftershow and ive been looking forward to the reveal since then. So excited for the new/old new workshop
Great to see Alec back in the UK, welcome home mate
I'd be really interested to hear how you've prioritised what you're purchasing first/doing first :D
Alec, I think that for your next big project you should make Zuko’s broadswords from avatar the last airbender. I think this would be an awesome project and you should give it a try.
Awesome!
R.I.P. Will’s Fairbanks power hammer
Hi oh?
Milwaukee or gtfo
Alec should gift will a new power hammer
Is it just me, or has Alec made more from this virus than anyone else.
Called it
Congratulations Alec!
Hi love the vids
Hi how are you doing I have like your videos and you have influenced me for some time in the future I will try forging small things.
Oh Yeah!!! Thanks Alec!!!
Bro do some live streams or something so we can contribute to the brand new second old same workshop!
Top man always love your vids 👍🏼 keep up the good work.
Last time i was this early dinosaurs had just departed
Earliest I've Ever Been!
Fun fact: no one has finished this video at the time Of my comment
Congratulations for your achievement!
Hmmm
Exciting times 👍
Alec: *uploads new video 42 seconds ago* Me: *clicks* video: *11 views* Me: NANI?
ayeee
Who went straight the the comments?
Yoooooooooo
...I spend way much time on Youtube
This feels like coming back to an old familiar place I grew up in and it’s literally just an old workshop 😂
nice
That's awesome congratulations I can't wait to get home after work and watch the video. Remember to put a fan in the grinding room this time right away. Love and peace always
Willies!
Finally! I need more videos too watch.
BLIMEY!!
Grow the brand!
Gang gang
never find the video this early
yoooooo its my dood
Nice!
i love all the blacksmithing you have done and hopefully someday i can do similar things. you have been a great inspiration
This is awesome
mwahhahahahahha firstttt
Love you man! Back home again!
First!   Hope you had a great Thanksgiving!
Fun to see the old workshop in use again! Hope Will is doing ok!
Hello Alex !
Love the videos
11 seconds ago lol
Bottom text
Wow, I am early.
Nice
Whooooo
Nice
early
Faster than notifications lol
early
Lovely
