19:03 “Acting Feanorian” is so teaaa!
Uhh, Halbrand vs randos isn’t that much human violence for an adaptation. The films showed whole armies of men killing each other + games.
Halbrand is totally Sauron.
Foresight 23:43 'My guess is these are just some folks puppeteering their fan fiction' for the 'modern audience'
Many other channels doing better breakdown of these episodes.  Couldn’t get through this video; calling it quits after your first three videos. Too much complaining. And for someone who specializes in Lord of the Rings lore your world building is not on par with some of the other channels.
YOU ARE THE BEST SOURCE FOR LOTR and the whole Tolkien Books.. You are so educational and your videos are Professional level.. I like that you don't get Wound up over chamges or something missing. Seen a few videos of Mental Case Fanatics and Pure Haters, bunch dorks in moms basement type, going balisitic on the show not being perfrct to Tolkien.. Such Child like behaviors... So when I wemt to you for explanation, you did not disappoint... A brilliant mature breakdown..  Your The Best.. I want to tell creators of the show about you and that you should be recognized.   Again Thank You...
Why does Galadriel say that it was because of the eldar that  numenor was given to the edain ? Didn’t the valar gave it to them and the eldar taught them and helped out? Secondly, what is Al-pharazon referring to with “we paid for the isle with the blood of our kin”? Battles with morgoth?
"Ask Jeeves come back..." 🤣
"ask Jeeves comes back..." lmao
23:43 perfectly sums up the whole show
However Elendil was known as "Elendil the Tall" so he should be taller than the other Numenorians.
Rings of power is trash
So much about Numenor, from the blue, gold and white buildings, the water, even the guards and their armour, reminded me of Elysium from the Assassin's Creed Odyssey DLC. Both are very beautiful.
Thanks for your videos!!!
I think Galadriel is talking about redeeming the Noldor from the deeds of Feanor & his sons. She seems to know she represents the Noldor to Men.
Even recap put me to sleep
Rename yourself "Nerd of Power". You're clearly a traitor to the LOTR trilogy.
...his best Liam Neeson.  lol.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vT6bIea7YMo
I'm an apprentice when it comes to LotR. Correct me if I'm wrong. If Boromir is a mortal in the 3rd era, how would Imrahil possibly be his uncle 2nd era?
Am I the only that immediately thought of Shelob when the orcs were running through the tunnels? Isn't she supposed to be lurking about this area by this time?
This actual monkey just ignored a of the lore breaking the show does just by the plot itself.  Such a sellout.
I'm so sad Elendil will eventually have to die
So many subtitles left in for things you cut from the audio; I get it, but man some of these are hilarious.
Ok, What? Can you tell me WHERE, in ANY books is established that Eru HIMSELF was the one who send Gandalf back of made Gollum trip off with the One Ring? Besides the music that creates the world, the creation of his childs and the fall of Numenor, I don't recall Eru taking actions in ANY matter on Middle-Earth. I love your videos and the Lore content, but your theory mind set is going all over the place here....
my biggest wonder :  what age is all this in :P it confusing ..
These videos are brilliant. I love your pronunciation of the names!
You make great theories, I’ve seen all of the first season so I’m like wow this dude knows it all 🤣
He had me totally with "the Boromir treatment" haha
What's with the timeline of Elendil being there before the forging of the rings? This really bugs me, have you commented on this somewhere?
Oh the Tunnel twist was so Good
I'm slowly going through the series and these recaps are perfection! thank you so much, they work both for refreshing one's memory of the facts and for getting more context
Halbrand is the totally not Sauron character
Halbrand is clearly evil (or evil adjacent). Whether this means he's the Dark Lord remains to be seen, but a good man wouldn't have so horrible hurt those guys after first trying to steal from them.
Practical effects orcs are so wonderful to see, coming off the debacle that were the Hobbit films.
I'm confused ... why are they talking in Quenya? Wasn't it supposed to be banned back in the First Age? Why would Arrondir, whom I presume is Silvan, speak Quenya and not Sindarin?
I am sure you have already seen or been told about this, but the opening sequence of the Amazon show, with the shapes of sand are from "cynamatics" effect of sound vibrating across a surface like metal, or water.  In watching one of your older videos about the origins of the creation of the whole Tolkien universe, it instantly made sense why the show creators use it: it represents the chords and music the 'gods' used in the being, including Morgoth, (sorry HORRIBLY summarizing your other videos, which is something I know nothing about!)  I hope this helps.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFAcYruShow
Your explanations actually make me like the series more. I've already liked it before.
17:35 in this scene I felt that Medhor hesitated before drinking, almost looked to smell the bottle first, and wonder if that had something to do with him being targeted - whilst the other Elves seemingly drank with less hesitation. Did the Orc always plan to kill one of the three? Or was he tempted by what he saw was weakness in the Elf's skepticism that the liquid was safe?
I feel the choice of `breakdown` in your title reflects my anticlimax. The source of this work is a twentieth century masterpiece and this series is mindless maze of meaningless riddles. Its like someone handed Whistler's mother to the Amazon Prime, and while everyone's back was turned they gave it the Mr. Bean treatment. Every audience member has noticed their glaring crayon and pencil make over. Big time movie makers trashed the `Hobbit`, and Peter Jackson has, over time sought to salvage the spirit of the unexpected adventure. Such irresponsibility must have gone unheeded because now the movie people have done it again and carelessly broken the immortal story of the Rings of Power and churned out garbage. I am certain that this repeat of history must have given the legal curators of Tolkien's work a total `breakdown`. And for the audience, a disappointment like no other.
I knew I recognised that orc voice 😂
I thought the Puppet show was Beren and Lúthien, when she dances before Morgoth.
I wish I was a black orc.
I didn't even thought he could be sauron.. i was sure he was the witch king... but its looking more and more like sauron 😭
meteor man = tom bombadil, calling it right now
Not all the orcs in the hobbit trilogy were CGI. In fact, most of them weren’t. Agog and Bolg were because they were Gundabad orcs.
If the towers were beacons like in LOTR, they wouldn't be lit.
This is not Tolkien. Honestly, I'm bored. I can watch all 3 JP LotR, extended version, without blinking, but can barely make it to the end of these episodes. This is not Tolkien! When you watch LotR, the main story follows the book, and the film of course takes small liberties to adapt. Same in Hobbit, which IS Tolkien. But this crap here, is not.
'Ask Jeeves' 😂😂😂 Love your humour ☺️
HALBRAND IS THE GHOST KING OF THE MOUNTAIN MEN   THEO IS THE WITCH KING
Notice the architecture reminiscent of the Roman Empire, and most specifically to Hagia Sophia, symbol of another city that fell because of internal struggles and corruption.
Who is the magic giant among the Harfoots? Gandalf? Sorry. Just trying to figure that one out.
The “the sea is always right” line actually felt deeply poetic to me, and I think that might be informed by having spent the better part of a year at sea once upon a time, working on sailboats. When underway, it always put my insignificance into stark relief and offered a bigger purpose to adhere to. Also, given the ultimate fate of Numenor, there’s a darker level of truth to it…
I don’t get why you seem to be so cool with the clear shortening of the timeline of the second age. Isildur shouldn’t even be born at this point. Souron spent 300 years teaching Celebrimbor ring making. There are hundreds of years after that where he wins and loses across Middle Earth and the east before he falls in the last alliance of elves and men. Numinorions live a long time, but not THAT long.
Man you are good at speculating. Those tunnels were definitely meant for more than just a simple little shady ditch.
*Rings of Comedy.*  *1 Billion Dollar for Great Memes.* *What a total shitshow.*
I thought ocrs and sunlight is more of a psycholgy thing not a real vampire Deal? @nerdoftherings
This abomination is so uninteresting, it's actually boring to watch.
I appreciate these reviews a lot, they're top quality! Please keep them coming. Just a small suggestion: it might be better to stop revealing things yet to happen in the series (at least the ones you mention that you're certain will happen later on). This would leave more surprises and make it more enjoyable at least for those of us who didn't read the books or don't know that much of the lore. Just my point of view on this.
What is the source of the music at 30:46 in this video that you use frequently in your videos? I really like it.
Coming back to this episode and your theory that the tunnels have other purposes after they are used to relight mount doom using the water is cool. They planned it out well.
Thanks🇨🇱
The slow motion horse shot…. Omfg I couldn’t not look at how happy the horse looks lmao
this show looks cheap. Not even close to peter jackson movies. 4/10
I'd honestly watch these breakdowns than watch the episodes. I have yet to read the books necessary to understand references and I like the history lessons here.
My theory is that Halbrand is the oathbreaker.
I'm with you on at least we’re not exactly getting Marvel quips. Though I think even farther from that territory would be better🙃   And "the sea is always right"-yeah, could be worse, but kinda weird. Certainly doesn't feel inspired.
Hello recent fan thanks for your channel - do you think the “low man” can also mean non-craft/trades man ? The Numinorians seem very “class” based
Starting to get better. It's a high hurdle to think you can springboard off of the trilogies and pop the cork. And. Chances are, none of these 'RoP' people thought it would achieve that. Episode 3 and you can sort of get a feel for the characters and it's getting pretty good. All the characters, I wasn't sure about, are pretty good. Plus. It helps when Galadriel finally finds a 'rest stop,' so she can let down her guard. She was not feeling it, around Elrond and Gil Galad, in the first episode. Then she was on a raft, in the middle of the ocean, in episode 2. She's carrying the story, in many ways, and gets zero respect. Probably the coolest thing, I had no idea about, was the journey to the west, for the 'great' elves, after they have done a great service. The 'Golden Eye,' that Galadriel 'bailed' on and that 'consumed' the other elves. It was creepy. And it's like the eye of Sauron, from the movies. The minute I saw it, it made total sense. But. Never would have come up with it on my own. That actually creates a powerful 'seed' in the way a person, who is still curious about 'LotR,' decades after having read it, might see the entire world of elf. You know? I mean. In the middle of so much 'elf worship,' now we know they're kinda corrupted by their elf-born gifts.
The elven family trees and the idea of gods compared to elves confuses me so much!
I thought it was a great episode.  I’m really impressed by the series.
Could Halbrand be the dead oathbreaker king in return of the king?
Non English guy here What does he say at 19:33? Hooky shot? Hockey shot? How is it written, and what does it mean?
People like this show?
How tf the squad of elves get captured . What did they not hear them coming lol
It looks like the mark that the stranger carves in the dirt is the same mark that Gandalf makes on Bilbo's door at the beginning of The Hobbit?
Lovely background music! <3
I beliwve the tunnels are primarily for the element of surprise
i really hope he is the witch-king
So basically Numenor can't exist unless they're the Elves b*tches? Yep, I would not like that either. It's not an elf kingdom. Did the Dwarves demand that the Elves be they're b*itches after the dwarves built multiple cities for the elves in the first age?
Is this not waaayyy too early in the Second Age timeline to introduce Elendil?
I do agree how funny it is that the titular character of this episode's title was barely revealed at the end, but since Adar translates to father, you can say the episode was referencing the father figures present through out it.
I feel like you're being a little too critical of Halbrand and Galadriel. First Halbrand trying to defuse the situation in the throne room. And then her retort to Halbrand in the dungeon. It was more aspirational to say that her family "started" the war. A bit TOO critical, NOTR.
Really enjoy these!
The bigger question is, why Sadoc has a really old book that looks like a collection of miscallaneous writings spanning from cooking recipes to ancient history created over the course of multiple generations which can also foretell the future, making Sadoc the tribe's sage (the two men with huge antlers are foreboding for the wolves, both of which are depicted in the book). If we accept this far fetched old piece of magic, why shouldn't the Story of Earendil be in the ancient cookbook/eightball, too?
The sea is always right lacks the wisdom one would expect from Numenorians who've had to withstand the baterrings of said seas for centuries...
I was kind of disappointed by the first look at the Numenorian Armor plates, as most of them (with the exception of Elendil's) looked too new to have been worn on a regular basis - a common mistake made often when a series needs to be produced quickly, but I would've liked to have seen the same attention given to details like this as Peter Jackson and his team gave in the movies.
Okay so I'm calling it now, Halbrand is the father of Theo in the Southlands and I still think Theo will be the witch king
I think we can all agree the only thing good about this show is the Orcs🖐
The Boromir treatment 😂  Loving the orcs.   Arondir is my fave character thus far.   Episode 4 is my fave so far. I haven’t been super excited about the show, but having fun watching it with my boys. I have hopes it’ll get better and better.
Maybe she says she needs redemption because GilGalad and Elrond looked at her last like she was a conspiracy theorist before sending her off to the West bc she was too emo 🤷🏻‍♀️ I think her needing redemption is appropriate in this context
Wow is this a disappointment so far - can’t believe they spent 1 Bio on this - I am a fan of the Lotr but I didn’t continue watching it
“Most human on human violence we’ve seen”  Haradrim just running over the fields of pellenor
What a flaming dumpster fire of vomit, feces, and urine mixed into a stew.. 🤢🤮
"... temporarily traps UGLY SONIC".  Has me DEAD.  LMAO  💀🤣
At this point Harbrandts true identity might aswell be Feraru an even greater God to the universe made flesh and attempts to make a "devil"-baby with Galadriel
WTF?? The Harfoots leave people behind?!
you really needed Bezo's money that bad, didn't you, huh?
imagine being sponsored by audible and thinking this guy has any credibility to give an unbiased review
I can explain Episode 3 and 4 in one word. BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Where are the harfoots on the map?
i was warming to the show, but then this dropped. Elendil is so wooden I wanted to sit on him. Also Lenny Henry, come on - he's a terrible actor and his accent is so so bad. Looks lovely but it's soooooooo boring.
Best episode yet! Seeing Númenor gave me so much goosebumps. It just exceeds every expactations and it looks exactly as I imagined it when I first read ”Silmarillion”, but bigger and even more beautiful.
man I am starting to believe Amazon pays you to make this show look decent... I can hear from your tone that even you can't believe what you are saying! I mean I am comparing your works explaining the lore in Middle earth and the content of the show, I have to say it is 100 times better.
You handled this brilliantly, was absolutely fascinating and well structured. Keep these coming please :)
Poppy might be an orphan but her family name is mentioned while Bilbo is having his speech in the first movie..
What is this video even supposed to be? It’s just your retelling of what happens. I already watched it for myself. I came here to see your opinion of the show, not a plot synopsis
23:43 Oh the irony
Hmm, that's a weirdly positive comment section for this like-dislike ratio...
I hope turns out to be Khamûl, not the Witch-King. Or maybe the Lieutenant of Barad-Dur?
Booooooo
You think we wouldn't see through you audible sponsorship. You one of them paid Amazon shills. Unsubscribe!
I really like the idea that Halberd is Sauron in hiding. I mean it makes the story so much easier to have him in the city as a banished lord than as a captive evil that the Numenorians have to keep watch over (If I can remember the cannon right). It would help speed up the corruption plotline a lot more than what I thought originally would take multiple human lifetimes to fully fall into Sauron's sway.   I mean everyone has to be believing old fire guy is Gandalf right? He acts hostile upon waking in Middle Earth as maybe he only knows to expect hostility from the unknown races who could easily be under the enemies influence. The fact that his first interaction was with Hobbits it would point toward why he had such a love for them in the first place. Maybe he helps turn their society from nomadic to a stationary farming society and worry less about hiding. The hiding thing I think is Amazons way of sneaking the race in before the books recognize them as being around. They simply hid from all record keepers beyond their shaman like leader.   I started to get confused about this series until I found out that Amazon couldn't purchase the rights to the Silmarillion and so have taken patchwork notes that Tolkien had made to roll into a sole storyline. I think I'm going to like it more as time goes on as long as they don't have any abrupt errors that would take me out of the world itself.
Is anyone else having trouble with the timeline?  I don't know if I missed some announcement or something, I wanted to start watching without getting influenced by any outside information. But I'm so confused.   Celebrimbor died like 1500 years before Elendil, right? I don't understand how this storyline ties together. It's as if the things on Numenor are happening 1500 years before what we see in Eregion. Please someone explain.
If you hadn't mentioned that the elves Arondir meets in the pit are from episode 1, I wouldn't have had any idea. I completely forgot about them when episode 3 came out and didn't understand the emotional death scene because of it. To me this shows weak storytelling if I can't remember two characters and their relationship to another main character. I am just disappointed by the many choices that were made for this series.
I think Galadriel made the petals fall, in order to get what she wanted. That seems like the sort of tree magic Galadriel would have. What do you think?
Lmao they make elves bIack whilst making orcs whiter. I guess that must of triggered some white haters I swear they created this show just to project their insecurities.
Stop supporting this crappy WOKE nonsense "Rings of Power"
I wish we could get an anime for all this crazy lore
There was no devine intervention in Gollum falling into Mount Doom. When Gollum attacks Frodo on the way to Mount Doom the Ring speaks through Frodo -  "'Down, down!’ [Frodo] gasped, clutching his hand to his breast, so that beneath the cover of his leather shirt he clasped the Ring. ‘Down, you creeping thing, and out of my path! Your time is at an end. You cannot slay me or betray me now.’  Then suddenly, Sam saw these two rivals with other vision. A crouching shape, scarcely more than the shadow of a living thing, a creature now wholly ruined and defeated, yet filled with a hideous lust and rage; and before it stood stern, untouchable now by pity, a figure robed in white, but at its breast it held a wheel of fire. Out of the fire there spoke a commanding voice.  ‘Begone, and trouble me no more! If you touch me ever again, you shall be cast yourself into the Fire of Doom.’  Then the vision passed and Sam saw Frodo standing, hand on breast, his breath coming in great gasps, and Gollum at his feet, resting on his knees with his wide-splayed hands upon the ground."  This is like 5 pages before Frodo claims the Ring as his own and Gollum bites his finger off, taking the Ring from him.   The Ring destroys itself.
Where is your discord, or is that only for patreon supporters?
The mountain in real life is Aoraki (Mt Cook)
Shill? This show is total garbage. Sellout
The high men and low men terms come from Tolkien's notes don't they ?
the stranger is he not Gandalf???
Why did they have to include Elendil before the rings were even created
Numenor depiction is a masterpiece cinematographic work... hats off
I’ve heard just about everyone comment on the cutthroat Harfoots in this episode, regarding the migration thingy, and I had an almost immediately different take on it. Hear me out on this: It seems to me that they have ZERO fighting prowess. Like, they DO NOT fight to survive. So, why does this make their migrations seem so heartless to us, but is really a desperate and tragic affair for them?  Look at they lengths they go to camouflage themselves. They do it as part of everyday life, and the time it must take to prepare and maintain all that means they probably don’t invest any time in other means of dealing with threats, such as honing martial skills.   They’re nomadic and completely wild. They have no cities for housing, no walls for defence. They’re always and at all times open to whatever predator could just wander into their camp and start snacking. That must have a profound effect on their psychology, and their instinct when faced with danger is either to hide or flee.   I think considering these traits, and learned from hard experience, they know that while they’re undergoing the migration, they’re more vulnerable than ever, and though they truly must loathe it, for the society as a whole to survive, they can’t afford to stop moving during that migration for even a moment. What if they turn back to help a straggler, and wind up losing so many more of their group’s precious few individuals? Any attempt to fight off attackers could easily lead to more deaths, because these people DO NOT FIGHT. They run, and that’s how they’ve endured.   I know I’m making a LOT of assumptions based on stupidly little information, but the Harfoot custom regarding those who fall behind on their migrations strikes me as, from their primitive point of view, both sadly necessary, and desperately sad.
i think we watch 2 diffrent show you are big fan of Tolkien work and u dont see anything wrong ehhh $$
Wait you are actually taking this show seriously? I figured any Tolkien fan would avoid this crap like the plague. Shame, I really liked this channel.
It's trash writing and trash casting Jeff Besoes should cut his losses
I can't get passed the Warg looking like a over sized Chihuahua!! Such a down grade from previous Wargs we have seen!!
Honestly really enjoying it so far, the spine of the story is pretty much in line with the books but its definitely being condensed into a short period which is fine as long as it stays true and delivers the same outcome
The Stranger is Gandalf the Grey
The stranger I think has to do with the wizards, my guess.  Will see.
Halbrand is not Sauron. Im putting my money on Witch king as you suggest
The Harfoots are clearly good hiders. Isn’t it possible that someone overheard the story of Earendil?
"The sea is always right"  Super basic? As apparent as it seems it's odd to dismiss as something not worthy of inclusion. It speaks to the wisdom of their military culture, one bred on the experience of countless deaths at sea. It's a nice contrast to other parts of their society where some carry themselves with hubris, and others with hurt pride. This detail is quite a significant piece of the puzzle fleshing out numenor as a complete society in the shows lore. We get to see that some still remember that they are nothing but specks of dust in the face of the valar, so much so that they struggle to survive the nature created.  Seems super basic to miss that. But we often look at things in this way today, neglecting important aspects just because we find them obvious. If we keep doing it, it will become impossible to write stories at all.
I loved it!
I'm so lost. Would i need to rewatch any of the movies before this show to able to understand whats going on?
I would love to see Halbarad as the Witch King.
My theory about Halbrand is that he is one of the men who swears allegiance to Isildur at the Stone of Erech and then betrays him. That is to say, Halbrand is the King of the dead that we see fighting alongside Aragorn along with other cursed men for breaking his oath.  Remember that these men who break their oath to Isildur had previously fought on the side of Sauron, that is, Halbrand's ancestors.  Excuse my english
Everyone is saying the meteor man is Gandolf, but wouldn’t the first wizard be Saruman?
15:51 ... "What knockers!!"                   "Oh, t'ank you, doctor!" Couldn't resist 🤣🤣🤣  20:02 ... is that red hot tip resting on the wooden tabletop??!!
isnt it nice that for shilling for amazon they have given you a sponsor (Audible ( which is owned by Amazon. that wouldn't bias you in any way now would it.
c") My niece in California wants to ask - Are these old or new orcs ? Hehe
Cousins…. but one is black and the other is white…. K
Calling it now: Meteor Man is Glorfindel and Nori is Smeagol's grandmother!
I had with this boring show, yes, scenery is awesome, but can't carry the whole series, thanks for watching it so I don't have to
It's even worse than people were saying... just terrible.
This show is so Boring! 3 hours of characters I could less about.  You do realise it it didn't borrow the LOTR name you wouldn't care right?  It is boring yes? Length of the fellowship so far and it's intensely boring.
The Queen shouldn't even be alive yet.
Having black drawarves, and elves, and hobbits, whatever is fine. But did they have to go so far to paint the Orcs white?
This show is disaster..
Before this episode, when you have said that the symbol is a map, I said nah,,, *Who's laughing now* I won't question your theory ever again...
This channel and all the glowing comments are extremely suspicious.
I enjoyed this episode,there was a lot to like about it , however some of the dialogue was weak and corny , the slow mo high axe killing is again.. all been done before  7/10 for this one
At 26:49 I think Halbrand looks like Aragorn here. I like it
Yeah the shot with the horse was super weird
When you said "Ask Jeeves comes back.." I had to pause and recover my strength 😂😂😂
For real, I got excited when I heard Elendil and Isildur. adding Numenor to this episode was so awesome too and I remember the wonder I felt watching LoTR once more.
i think the orcs are digging up the land over all these years and it kills the land. therefore creating all the south mordor dark area that frodo and sam go through
What was it that Halbrand says to the guy when he is fighting them. Something about a name he is known by.
If you'll don't like the show then don't watch it. It's really that simple. Besides, there are better things to do than nitpick a TV show. We have more important things plaguing our damn country to be concerned about.
I think that Halbrand could be the one who smiths crafts Glamdring, Orcrist, Sting or at least crafts the technique to make the sword blue, or Merry’s sword that struck the Witch king
I am right in saying that the guys son is the one that took Sauron’s ring at the end of the 2nd age?
The show is a disaster
I'm glad theres a channel on YouTube not just hating on the show lol. I thought I'd hate it but have been pretty happily enjoying it lol
amazing video, very informative about the setting and things i missed but it kinda spoils for me a little bit
Elendil and the architechture of numenor were the best parts of this episode.
Thank you for the work you put into this breakdown but frankly it just puts more into focus how badly written and how awful the characters are.
That show is a disgrace. The ad for Alexa & Amazon e-books at the end explains why you refrain from criticizing what should totally be torched
this is less a review and more of an episode walkthrough. I get that Amazon is keeping you on a leash but can't you try and be slightly critical or is that a beach of contract?
It’s funny, you took the words right out of my mouth. I was fine during the whole episode, then the hoaky happy horse riding shot made me cringe a bit lol.
Sauron corrupted men by giving them rings of power. What did Amazon give you?
You are a vast well of Tolkien knowledge sir. Love watching your videos. Which is why I believe you can’t possibly appreciate this show. They’ve destroyed the second age and have no way to fix it only 3 episodes in. I know it must burn at your core but I understand we all have to make a living…also blatant Amazon sponsorship? (Audible) come on….
I just never though of elves as being so emotionally ruled and rash as they portray them here.
Just thought of this today, but shouldn't Galadriel be taller than almost everyone except "Elendil the Tall" and other high Numenoreans?
isilllduuuuurrrr!!!
My wife to me when Galadriel rides the horse: "That's a big smile. I bet that actor actually hates horses, and she had to pretend." 😂
Maybe Halbrand is the blacksmith that forges the great rings?
Thanks for sharing your insights.
I liked the detailing on Elendil's breastplate in his debut scene. Looks like Osse and Uinen perhaps
is meteor man gandalf?
9 rings were given to men, doomed to die......
Love your lore content. One of the best to do it on Youtube. But now three episodes I am  really struggling with plot (I totally understand they don't have various rights to Silmarilion). From my viewing and not talking about my issues with how the dialogue is written - Galadriel jumped off a ship into the middle of the ocean with no plan, million to one odds ran into a group of survivors on a raft which has a completely made up exile king with no explanation, who then saved her life before they got picked up to go to Numenor by none other than Elendil (who has a daughter?) Once there, Galadriel argues with the queen regent who shouldn't hold that position then immediately figures out Sauron's and Hallbarnd's symbol MacGuffins before saying to Halbrand they should form an alliance as it was fate they met. Meanwhile the Harfoots are totally made up and Arondir's plot is totally made up (to show how the southlands are turning into Mordor?). Then Prince Durin who shouldn't be there is complaining to an immortal elf about not seeing him for 20 years!? and then having a long winded rock smashing contest and a meal with family before another mystery box plot about Mithril most likely with his father.   They place some nice lore Easter eggs as you mention but hard to get on board the show because I really want to like it - obviously we know where it is going but it is painful getting there and hoping that when we do they don't mess it up. Fingers crossed episode 4 makes more sense.
How did the watch warden get shot by arrows above ground? We didn’t see any orcs up there in the overhead shot of the landscape. Plus they wouldn’t sit in the sun up there all day long would they?
Halbrand is Sauron in disguise mark this comment
Silmaril - Silmarilli. Not "Silmarils". Or, radiance of pure light jewel - jewels.
Whist the scenery is fantastic and the sets are spectacular, so far I am not a fan - from a Tolkienesque point of view.  So much of this is fabricated, not on-book.  Therefore, I see this as a further trailing away from Tolkien's original and masterful mythology; even more so than the Hobbit movies were.  I fully understand the concept of making movies to make money, but it is very hard to imagine the Tolkien Estate approving such a divergence from J.R.R.'s world - and he was exceptionally specific in all aspects of his world - as anything but almost prostituting his creation just to make a buck.  Again, had I never opened one of Tolkien's books, I would likely love the show.  But since I have read and re-read the books since 1977, I find these to be little more than cinematically masterful disappointments.
HALBRAND = SAURON
That show is an abomination against Tolkien"s works.  And episode 3 broke my willingness to accept it even as bad fan fiction.
I feel like the show is getting away from me. I always was giving it a chance and even defended some of the choices made but it really is getting hard for me. The dialog for one Tolkien doesn't speak in direct analogies like that I'm his work. I fear there just isn't a deep understanding there. Combined with some of the wonkier writing decisions iI feel like they didn't own enough rights to pull this off correctly at this point.
21:22 "Ask Jeeves comes back..." I'm dying!!!
Wow. So the mark ended up being a map. That means Sauron killed Galadriel's brother and took his time to carve in his skin a map of where his forces are hiding and recovering after Morgoth's defeat. Wow. Sounds like a great idea. Did he become the Riddler? Or is he just stupid? 🤷‍♂
I think Halbrand is the (future) king of Dunharrow men, the Oathbreakers. They are somewhat from the south, they served Morgoth and they betrayed Isildur so the timing is right.
Halbrand is the 'King of the Dead' / 'King of the Mountains'.   Wiki: In the later years of the Second Age, he and his men also served and worshiped Sauron, until he and his army swore allegiance to the realm of Gondor upon the Stone of Erech. Isildur was the King of Gondor at that time. The King of the Dead made an oath to fight on Isildur's side when needed, but when that moment of need arrived in the War of the Last Alliance he did not come. Isildur cursed the King of the Dead and his army. As a result, the King of the Dead and his followers could not rest until his oath was fulfilled.
hello, I’m your huge fan and I’m Vietnamese. I own a channel on Tiktok, I’ve watched your video so many times and I really enjoy it. In my country, many people would like to discover Tolkien’ world but most of them are not efficient in English. May I use your video to post on my Tiktok channel? Of course I will add Vietnamese subtitiile and customize the length of the video to suit Tiktok Algorothim . Thank you so much and eager to hear from you!
This show is the worst. If you like this show, you aren't an actual Tolkien fan.
Saruman says in LOTR that orcs came from corrupted elves...I'm guessing Adar is that first elf
So the queen regent actually wanted to help galadriel?
Harfoot: *falls behind*. the other Harfoots: I missed the part where that's my problem.
I see what you did there at 23:43
Sauron did start to build Mordor ca. 1000 SA but Miriel was the consort of Pharazon about 3100 SA. So there's been a time jump of 2100 years. The events of the first two episodes from the information given seems to occur about 500 SA. So that time jump is 2600 years. I don't see how any of this can work out - the sequence of events is all jumbled up. They've jumped over the creation of the rings of power and the war of Sauron against the elves in Lindon and Eregion.  The portrayal if the "Harfoots" is a complete horror show. I don't see how these savages can become the hobbits we know and love. The Stranger is obviously a wizard, but when the Istari came to Middle Earth in the 3rd Age they came in ships, not in flaming meteors.
Why is there so many interracial marriages?? 😂😂 just sayin
Anybody notice some fake blood got splattered onto the camera lens while filming the scene where Halbrand goes Beserker on his bar-buddies?
The "green pits", they look yellow to me, appear to be reminiscent of sulfur-emitting fumaroles. I think its meant to appear volcanic and blasted in nature. Clearly, you don't get things like fumaroles by just chopping down trees. They have to occur naturally.
Despite only seeing the character ‘Adar’ in the very last sequence,  I think the episode is called Adar because of the meaning of the name - Father. There is a lot of familial subtexts going on, specifically relating to fathers or male figures in family’s. I think the scenes  which highlighted it most was Elendil and Isildur talking and then arguing; aswell as Nori’s and the plot surrounding the migration with her father. It does seem strange though to use the actual characters name when he’s in it for about 5 seconds and even then it’s blurred🤣
Please keep hitting the point on how generic and uninspired most of the dialouge is. For a show that obviously takes great care with how it looks, more care should go to the words on the page.
I enjoyed Elendil but Amazon Galadriel made me hate her more with her unnecessary impetuous attitude. You're surrounded by people you say hate you and instead of being wise a taking a diplomatic composure you proceed to piss off every Numenorean until the human you hold in contempt has to swoop in and put out the fire you pointlessly started.
If you think this is a good representation of Tolkiens work than you have not read Tolkien
Played Frisbee golf with Jed. Also help fix his house bus when it met with a low bridge, he's a great guy.
I think adar is sauron in secret
"THE SEA IS ALWAYS RIGHT!"  (👀🤦‍♀️)
The stranger is Gandalf
I was already enjoying Ungoliath video and this one made me sub, thanks for the videos
Oh, this is where the non toxic Tolkien fans hang out. Thank god I have found a safe haven
I have a suspicion Halbrand is going to be Sauron. Like when at the blacksmith he says there's nobody better than him and him ending up in the jail.
I’m liking it so far,meteor man is going to be Gandalf I think
Just a minor thing but… Elendil was called “The Tall” for a reason. I’m not saying they needed to make him 7’11’’ literally, but…  Galadriel wasn’t a short person either.  Stuff like that, how elves generally are depicted, as well as Numenoreans, who in Tolkiens books are vastly different from regular people, makes the series very Untolkienish.
"House of Dragon" has an 8.8/10 rating on IMDb and an 85% audience score on Rotten Tomatoes.  For each show's three-day post-debut window, "Dragon" attracted 51% more viewers than "Rings," according to data from Whip Media, which measures viewership (as well as sentiment, anticipation, and other factors) based on 23 million users of its TV Time tracking app....
Okay, the symbol is a map to Mordor, then why the hell would it be branded on to "Not Finrod but we all know it's Finrod". I honestly believe this story is written by the lowest IQ writers who ever lived.   @nerdoftherings, you guessed that this was a map but never acknowledged how INCREDIBLY STUPID that is as a plot device and its usage through out this show. Like come on man.
What even is the point of these videos?  What is the point of recapping a show with such terribly simplistic writing?  It’s not hard to follow with repetitious and forced unnatural dialogue.  The show lacks a lot but subtlety is not one of them.   The numerous let downs of this show are far more interesting than anything the plot actually has to offer.  So why the benign recaps?  Your channel historically has acted as a ready source of Tolkien lore.   Not focusing on the divergences from the lore in RoP makes no sense.  The fact that you aren’t criticizing it with its glaring cinematic faults, the fact that you aren’t focused on pointing out divergences in lore (in keeping with he tradition of this channel) AND the fact that YOU ARE SPONSORED BY AMAZON PRIME, is pretty strong evidence that you have become one of their paid shills.  Yes, evidence has recently come out that Amazon has been paying for good reviews.
I agree a bit about the Harfoot stuff. The rest of it was amazing. They're off to a strong start for me.
The Sea is always right but the Mountain is always wrong. The Hill is not the same as Underhill. I can write like Tolkien, it seems. :)))))))))))))))))))))))))
I love your channel. I do think you’re being too gracious with Amazon and many of the connections that appear to be in the show. I don’t think they thought through as many things as you’re giving them credit for. Regardless, your channel is a well of knowledge and I am glad you’re here to help the new Tolkien fans wade their way through this fountain of misinformation.
How can elendil and isildur be in the series now when they are born in SA 3100 and the rings aren't even forged yet and that happens SA 1500. WTF?
I want to know what's up with the timeline. Could be two different timelines being displayed at one time, but ring crafting and elendil's birth are about 1500 years apart. Maybe doe television and the story it won't matter, but that seems like a huge tweak while others are acceptable.
HALBRAND= SAURON
Okay did nobody notice a 2000 year gap? By the time Elendil is alive Celebrimbor should already have forged the rings and died 2000 years before, Barad-dur is in place and everybody knows who Sauron is. So they just mashed everything together I guess
Also in the tunnels the orcs are looking for that sword hilt.  Adar is looking for it apparently.  Anyway I am pleasantly surprised by how good this is.  I've only read the Lord of the Rings and the appendices so I'm not die hard expert in middle earth.
This show looks amazing and I'm really enjoying it all so far, despite a few weird changes like Galadriel. This was the best episode yet.
Man, post Episode three, I'd point out re: the Harfoots: I guess it isn't shocking that Amazon would produce a show wherein characters meant to be portrayed as warm hearted would leave members of their tribe to die the moment they cannot be productive. Amazon probably sees nothing wrong with that behavior.   Also how they framed the mutiny toward Galadriel as somehow negative or sad after she had marched her troops over a cliff face, through a blizzard in the dead of night, and just watched them get all smashed to bits by a troll--it's a little frustrating to see how Amazon's worldview is seeping into the story like: obey your leaders. It's reasonable to be left behind if you can't produce. These are awful and it is really dampening my ability to enjoy the show when these vaguely fashy subtexts are being baked in and presented as positive traits.
it seems like the elves have only 5ml blood in their system...
the stranger is soooo gandalf and the beginning of his hobbit love and i soooooo want it to be Alatar as we have yet te see any blue wizards on screen.
I originally scoffed abit when I realised his backstory was the same as Aragorn’s but putting it into perspective of him becoming funny the anti Aragorn makes me kind of love it haha
Everyone is hating on the warg CGI but I absolutely loved it ?! He looks so gross and horrible - absolutely what I want from monsters on the screen! literally looks like a mix between a rabid dog and a wild hog
I'm a little confused about the timeliness in this show. I thought that the rings of power were foraged in the middle of the second age and that Isildur and Ar-Pharazon were alive much closer to the end of the Second Age. Am I missing something, are they condensing timelines?
I just wanna say thanks to this channel cuz I've been watching it for some time and I have learnt a lot about Tolkien's legendarium so now watching the series feels so good cuz I understand most references
Watch the latest video of george the giant slayer (a true tolkien fan) , he exposes nerd of the rings and how he got paid by amazon to say only good stuff on the show (how currupted can a person be to sell a franchise and its fans for a few dollars by multi biliion company?)
People are being excessively hard on this show. I am enjoying it despite wishing it was a 1 to 1 of the books. I knew it wouldn't be and it's only slightly worse than peter jackson's trilogy imo.
Love your shows but really, really hate the political ads you are showing!
Now that we know Isildur is alive despite the fact that the Rings of Power aren't even yet forged, are we going to discuss the fact that they're blithely skipping over about 2000 years from the canonical timeline?
Great video... as always!  At  the moment, I'm going with Tilion as Meteor 'Man' ... the confused, rather helpless demeanour and his preoccupation with the stars seem more convincing to me than the evil / fire obsessed theory behind a Balrog. Loving the series.
the orcs fought in the sun in the battle of the 5 armies, so what about that?
Is it possible the Orcs are tunnelling to activate a dormant volcano which happens to have the power to power a certain spring time forge ?
yeah the big ass trench that the elves somehow didnt see
Anyone else thinking that Halbrand becomes the king of the undead? He could try and become “good” like Galadriel asking him to but when push comes to shove he can’t bring himself to stand against Sauron…without the time compression it probably couldn’t work but could be an interesting way to bring that piece of the Second Age into the show
3 episodes in and I’m cautiously optimistic. I feel like they could take these characters and use them very wisely, or they could totally ruin it in an effort to subvert expectations. Halbrand and the stranger in particular. It would be amazing to keep us guessing and then have a big reveal, but then again I could see them just simply making him some guy from the south lands that teams up and has a love story with Galadriel. I really really hope that’s not the case.
I've been pleasantly surprised by the first episodes. Especially the elrond and durin story line
Hope those checks from amazon keep coming. Good shilling. Must take a lot of effort all the mental gymnastics to intemperate all the horrible writing.
poor methor
what about the timeline?  Ar Pharazon before sauron creates the one ring? Im a little bit lost
HALBRAND = SAURON
Firstly I only read the books as a kid in school and haven't watched the movies since their cinematic releases. But is Halbrand meant to look like Aragorn or is that a coincidence/just me? I apologize  in advance for any die hard fans i've upset. I know that Aragorn is a descendent of Isildur and that Halbrand is an addition made by the showrunners.
The orcs are probably my favorite thing out of this show, they are the closest thing I can think of to LOTR. But these orcs are a bit different in my opinion, they are more badass, scary, stronger than the orcs we see in LOTR and don't look like the trash CGI we saw in Hobbit. Oh and plus they have the classy orc humor which I also enjoy. They remind me a bit of Shadow of War's orcs.
If you like this type of review for RoP, check out Dork Lords - very knowledgeable and funny 🙂
I heard this was one of the channels paid off by Amazon. Granted money and access in exchange for positive coverage. The pinned post seems to provide evidence to that. Sad, Nerd.
OH LAWD DEM RANGZ, DEM RANGZ OF POWAAAH  Sheeeeeeeeit
Unfortunately i cannot take the content from the channel seriously anymore..although i had my suspicions on the authenticity on the reviews for rings of power...seeing that amazon wanted to collaborate(mny and perks) with LOTR content creators only if  they spoke wel about the show...takes away all credibility from these reviews...bcuz its a fact..once you collaborated with amazon ur guaranteed not to say a bad wrd...there may be hey this could of been diff...slight non impactfull(make sure it doesnt come off as bad mouthing the show)suggestions on what could of been diff... But this show could continue to get worse and nerd of the ring will still keep the line of DO NOT CRITICISE... How can ppl take you seriously when u have been bought. All credibility lost for mny
Glad you like a show that truly sux
This video is sponsored by Audible which is sponsored by Amazon. I bet you've recieved a fat cheque for this video.
Btw why are there vulcanians from star trek in this?
This adaptation is WAY better so far than the Halo TV series. At least the writers seem to know enough about Tolkien lore to have a decent chance at filling in the gaps like they want to. I'm interested in seeing what happens with Isildor's sister, and the Meteor Man. The thing I'm most worried about is that they will really screw up how they handle magic. If we get Galadriel zapping zombies with light or big CGI wizard duels, it will be extremely disheartening to me. I love how magic has always been a subtle thing, except for when it's suddenly not.  The most extreme example I can think of in the books would be in The Hobbit, where Gandalf teleports into the midst of the goblins like a thunderclap, with light and everything. But any other time, magic is used as a enhancing tool. Curses and blessings, hiding things or revealing what is concealed.
Literally  after you did your journey to U.K. that amazon payed you. You literally changed complete. You even fully support this show that is for me extremely disgusting breaking lore and insult to one of greatest writers world ever had, but as definitely Tolkien words are real "But hearts of man are easily corrupted."
This guy is payed by amazon, watch rk outpost video about how amazon paying youtubers to shill for this lame show
Galadriel continues to be a thoroughly unlikeable character who is arrogant and idiotic at the same time.  While Tar-Míriel has issues, she was fully justified in telling Galadriel off as the Edain weren't given anything by the elves.  It was the Valar who created Númenor as a reward for the Edain. The "proto-hobbits" are really not at all warm and fuzzy as they will leave behind anyone who can't keep up.  I did like Elendil though; definitely the best thing so far in the show.  I'd like to suggest you start covering the impact of the time compression in each episode.  The effects are large if not easily seen by those not familiar with what Tolkien wrote.
Still a very avarage episode, which is quite a failure seeing the budget and amounts of people worked on it.. They should have called the show something else then the work of J.R.R. Tolkien. I bet people would have no problem if this was not connected to Middle Earth as it's not.
I had a totally different take on Galadriel meeting the Queen, she came off as confrontational and demanding, bordering on arrogance while Tar-Miriel tried to remain respectful and simultaneously not come off as subservient, there was tensión regarding both women trying to establish the pecking order that Halbrand tried to smooth with a poor attempt at humour/diplomacy while reinforcing his character portrayal of a charming rogue.
If the Hartfoots get entirely annihilated at the end, it'll be interesting
Your being really nice to the bastardtion of this story. To bad no talent assclowns can't write their own stories, but they're real good at destroying other people's legacies.
So how much did Amazon pay 💰 you to shill for this show.
So when did all the black and brown characters die off?
The show sucks. Just not interesting pretty boring
I fangirled so hard when Numenor was revealed 😆 I’m really enjoying this series so far. It helps that I consider it LotR fanfiction than canon and really keeps my expectations very low 😁
So your only negative thing this whole time has been the Harfoot storyline?  That's pretty impressive compared to what I've heard from others.
This show had tremendous potential. But after 2 and half episodes, it's nothing more than a bore-fest. Rings of Power is nothing like the Lord of the Rings. It's dialog, pacing, acting and overall production is one of the worst I've seen. Although it has some nice music and CGI scenes, it doesn't make up for the horrendous script and lack of focus on a plot makes this a failure. I know some fans will enjoy it. That's great. But it could have been made much better to the same level as Games of Thrones or House of the Dragon if they had an entire cast and producers dedicated to living out the true nature of Tolkien's middle earth.
People are actually watching the horrible show?
Great rundown
15:14 "The sea is always right" AKA "The ball dont lie!"
It does look very pretty. I'd like to see someone make a TV series based on Tolkien's work that looks as nice as this.
Could Halbrand somehow end up becoming the king of the dead that Aragorn and company enlist to defeat the enemy at Pelennor fields?  He swears an oath to Isildur/Gondor which he later breaks and his encounter in Numenor in Ep. 3 could place him in a position in a future episode to make that oath.
I want to know what the showrunners are doing to the timeline of the Second Age. By the year of Elendil's birth, Galadriel and Celeborn had been living in Lorien for almost 1800 years, and the War of Sauron and the Elves, and death of Celebrimbor, was 1600 year-old history.
I'm honestly as happy with the show as I was with shadows of Mordor games. It's good. It breaks canon left and right but so do the trilogy movies. The cinematography is pleasing. The writing is straight outta the Silmarillion.  It's honestly exhausting how most of the reviews circulating YouTube right now are by channels with roughly 50k views, trying to capitalize on the hate with reviews that would embarrass the AVGN. But like. It feels like fans aren't actually hating the show that much.
Evident Amazon Shill! Enjoy the $
I thought this was by far the worst ep, the characters interactions and speech in both Numenor and the orc pit were bad.  Lots of it either contradicted previous ideas or were conflict for conflicts sake.  As you say it looked great.  Honestly so far the best story thread has been the Harfoots.  I don't know why anyone doesn't like them, they're pretty perfect proto-hobbits who have to make tough choices to survive in a hostile world.
the Halbrand thing reminded me of GoT -  "and this is Jon Snow, King in the North" 😆
I know seems weird since I saw the cast years ago  and the name HALBRAND i said this is kind of sauron name to me , and episode after episode I can say HALBRAND is definitely sauron in disguise,  many moments prove to me he's the dark lord I'm pretty sure he's true identity will show up til final episode.
The constellation that the one Meteor Man represents over and over again looks like Gemini, but Castor and Pollux are missing. I assume he's one of the two blue Istari, since there were two meteors that fell from the sky, not one. All you have to do is plot the sightings and directions on a map and you'll see the discrepancy.
Oh come on…taking a sponsorship for a review from the very company that makes the reviewed product…that is just horrible ethics on your part!!!
So far the only things like about this serie is   The quality of backgrounds for my cellphone/computer The handsome faces.  That’s it.
Uncle ben from the rice is a harfoot?🤣🤣🤣
What about the change in timelines? The rings were supposed to be forged in SA 1500 and the stories of tar-palantir and pharazon and miriel don’t start until SA 3300. So what’s with that?
I look forward to a new episode each week. Sucks that it’s getting so much hate. Mob mentality over the internet is a serious sickness.
❤
"Ugly Sonic" cracked me up! Thank you for that!
I love all things Tolkien, and I’ve been so pleasantly surprised by this show! I’ve been watching it with my husband, who has watched the LotR movies, but isn’t Tolkien obsessed like I am, and we’ve both been enjoying it. If there had been a fourth episode to watch, I would’ve played it immediately. I’m intrigued to see how things play out.
Thanks for your great review again! Couldn't agree more on all your points. And overall positively impressed with the show :)
woke trash, try again.
No amount of money can achieve for a show what good writing can...put whipped cream on a turd and see how many people like it.   It's just sad... really really sad that actors which could have done much better were given these scripts...
As someone who likes LotR but isn't a huge nerd about it, I love the harfoot storyline and I'm curious to see how it developes.  I didn't understand the over cinematic moment of Galadriel with the horse, it definetly felt awkward; first time happening in the show.
Halbrand, seems to be pre Rohan. I think this for two reasons. In what I believe the 2nd episode they flash on a map that says Rohovvian or something like that. The second reason is his name. Halbrand, which sounds like a name Tolkien would have used for one of the men of Rohan.  If the writers get this right, I think he's going to be an important character in the series.
I must say i was wrong writing this show was going to be bad. This is  a great show and i can't wait to the next episode! Adar whooo can it be (sauron?)
Guyladriel, the most unlikable braindead Superhero i have ever seen, like, seriously, wtf...
Yeah this episode ramped up the LOTR likeness expectations for me. Especially the orc scenes. Fully signed up to Halbrand being the Witch King and taking the ring intending to do good but ultimately being fated to mess it up.   The Miriel stance had me confused until you explained it and that makes much more sense in that she’s ‘feeling out’ Elendil.   Galadriel still continues to disappoint. She’s just annoying. Perhaps it’s because she’s finding herself through the angst but it’s hard feeling empathy for a teen like attitude from one who is an adult. Even though in Elf years she still is ‘young’ I guess ? But yeah. Not endearing at all and the actress isn’t helping unless she’s doing exactly what was asked of her.
Well, i fall in love with Rings Of Power.
All the comments of this video are  good.  Honestly it seems that you have a dog in this fight. The show is terrible and fails in every possible way.
Hey nerd of the rings, I iust wanna say a theory i have for the stranger, I think it could be beorn. As Beorn was built strong and tall
love to see channel like this, that is NOT luring the numbers of haters of the show just to get the views and subscriptions. I wish to see more channel like this keep it up.
I do not get the Hobbit scenes. Are they making us suffer through those scenes to address the  relationship between Hobbits and Gandalf, or are they reminding us that Tolkien’s work was for children?   I can’t shake this feeling that HBO would have done a much better job with the source material. The writers make it too obvious when they stray away from Tolkien’s work. Other than that, all the background art is incredible.
I think the writing in this show is as bad as anything I have ever seen. that might be because if a shows writing is this bad I don't stick with it. but this is middle earth
Ugly Sonic 😂
Halbland is Sauron, you welcome
Adar looks like an Elf, hope it’s not some evil “dark” Elf. Maybe it’s Anatar himself?
Adar is played by Uncle Benjen actor Joseph Mawle
I think the 'giant' is Gandalf. After all some Harfoots helped him, which would explain his attachment and protection/attention to the Hobbits in the 3rd age.
Your breakdowns are good in that they're fair & informative. Caught some stuff & surprised at what I missed. I'm enjoying the show & even the Harfoot story is fine & not as annoying as I expected. I like the thought of Halbrand getting heroic storyline & then ending up tragically as 1 of the 9, the Nazgul, but not so much making him Sauron. Overall, despite compressing the timeline & other inaccuracies I think they've captured the tone & I'm engaged so they're doing a good job.
Maybe Halbrand's "joke" actually ends up hiding who he is... whoever that is...
Im so sorry, but I hate this show and this bastardization of tolkiens work, maybe i just like the books so much that it pisses me off when I see blatant character assassination etc, oh well, one day we may get a good telling of the stories before the fellowship, has to be made by the right people and who want to add their own bs narrative to the stories...
Why the orcs are white?
Great video, as always. So far so good with this series.
why are you getting so many dislikes ? Butthurt people about the show are just raiding anyone producing content about it or something ? Really loving your reviews !
im really liking your videos. Keep up the good work
I think ellendil is pushing the sea trials because he’s planning or at least preparing for their potential need to escape to middle earth
I also thought the slomo shot of Galadriel smiling so extensively while horse riding was out of character to the point I thought it was a dream sequence. Great overall insight and attention to detail on this channel as my Tolkien is a bit rusty and some stuff flew way above my head. Subscribed!
I had to bail on this series.  Its lack of humor and any character development make it boring.  There's no reason to care about the characters.  With all the loud music and jump scares it's exhausting.  This is unfortunately common in movies that are almost entirely CGI.  It's a synthetic experience with all the humanity of a computer game.
Halbrand is likely the Witch-King, in my opinion.
Thoughts: - Think it would be pretty lame and disappointing if Halbrand is Sauron. It's too obvious and it doesn't sit well with me. This show is supposed to be 5 Seasons long. If Sauron is already on Numenor, then that would make the whole plot progress too quickly imo. Like I wrote in a previous comment, my hope is that Halbrand is the 'heir' to the Southlands king and therefore is obliged to follow his ancestors oath towards Morgoth/Sauron. (?) ALSO: We know it's he's called the Witch-king of Angmar (which is a mutation of Angbar, meaning 'Iron home' in Sindarin). So it follows that Halbrand/Witch-King has a fascination of iron/steel and perhaps they will tie this together with the sword Theo found.  - Harfoots really took too much screen time in Episode 3. (0 plot development!) - Adar is the 'father' of the evil orcs aka. Sauron in fair form.  - I reckon the green pits are some form of 'pollution pit' that will cause the land to cause all that smog and therefore darken the sky etc. Then the orcs can thrive!  Enjoy seeing people's theories on here. Carry on the fun speculations!
And another thing. That character that appeared from the sky couldn’t be gandalf because didn’t they not appear until after the war of the last alliance?
Correct me if I’m wrong. Maybe I am. But isn’t Isildur not supposed to be alive at this time? Like I’m not 100% sure what the year is for the show but it seems like he’s more at the end of the 2nd age towards to the war of the last alliance. Like they just put him in to tie the original trilogy to this
Meteor man is Gandalf I think.
You are a Tolkien betrayer Nerd of the Rings.
A fake hug of gratitude 😂 I wonder how often that happens in real life.
QUESTION: would you give THIS Galadriel a Ring of Power? Cuz she's supposed to get one.
I love the subtly of the white orcs watching over and abusing the slaves. Kinda makes you think there's an ulterior message at hand
We gonna pretend this show doesn't destroy the lore? The timeline is all fucked up now. I thought this channel cared about lore but its clearly just a shill fan boy channel
Am I the only one who thinks "the stranger " may be Gandalf?
I think the moment where Halbrand revealed his name to the regent queen wasn't supposed to be funny. I think it was him being nonchalant and basically saying "I'm no one compared to her" because he knows who he is, and would rather Galadriel take the spotlight and attention, to avoid being suspected or investigated himself. I didn't take it as a punch line, I took it as a suspicious moment.
sponsored by amazon to praise it
Hey Matt Thanks for your breakdown but here are my thoughts on this episode:  Where in the legendarium do the orcs burn like vampires in the sun?  Remember that the orchestra carrying Pippin and Merry ran 24/7.  When the time compression is taken into account how quickly will Elendil and his sons build their cities in Gondor?  Do they have rights to use the mythology of Earendil in full?  Do you not have an issue with how Galadriel is represented? Petulant and impulsive...not really an elf with already several thousand years of knowledge and wisdom.  Looks like the cg artists had more of an investment in the Lore than the writers?  Halband was actually more of a statesman in front of Miriel than Galadriel.  Arrogance unbecoming an elf.  How come we have to look to the rough Hobbit films to justify the poor outlines of this series?  I was so bored I slept twice in this episode.  I even missed the puppet show...twice!  Why not make the sister character Isildur's wife who had to exist and impact the Tolkein universe whereas this nonexistent sister is another plot-hole in the making.  She will almost totally be credited with designing the cities in Gondor and Arnor.  The Harfoots are certainly all Lotho-like in character rather than Gaffer-like.  Not likable at all.  The failings of this series at almost halfway through are so numerous that I can no longer watch it.   You are providing a context the showrunners are failing to allude to in the writing.  Apart from the look of landscape and architecture this series does not feel like Tolkein.  Elendil is played very well and is very standout in comparison to the rest of the cast (except Durin 4).  Have you checked out Tolkein Untangled?  I love his version of how a series could actually have worked whilst Retaining far more lore and expanded chronology, underpinning far more of Tolkein's deeper themes.  Keep well Matt.
Numenor was the highlight of this episode. The warg felt like Clash of the Titans 1981, horrible CGI. The harfoot storyline seems like a waste of time. We all know somehow Gandalf is the meteor man so its just annoying, ok so we will have to swallow he arrived during the SA.
Here's the problem.  While the sights are cool, I don't watch movies and television for the sights.  I watch them for the stories.  When you have to point out and identify concepts that are indeed from the book, and these are fairly few and far between, I am not getting the story that is basically promised by calling this the Rings of Power.  And while I can understand some of this as "changes needed for adaptation," that isn't what is happening.  Just like in the WoT series.
How much did Amazon pay you to shill? You’ve lost all integrity.
Isn't this suppose to be a 5 season series? It's gonna be a slow burn.
I assumed the orcs are building the vast lava canals from Orodruin to Barad-dur we see in Fellowship.
I honestly like the show.
So glad I actually never subbed to this channel ever. Sommething always seemed off. What a dirty shill💩.
Sponsored by Audible, a subsidiary wholly owned by amazon. I'm sure there's no conflict of interest...
Do you all just enjoy eating garbage or?
So an Amazon sponsored review, hmmmm lets see what he has to say! lolololol
I don't know... besides the visuals and practical effects being awesome,  and bringing Numenor to life is wonderful to see, what spectacular city and people.  The story and pacing is bang average so far... how did the other elves get captured? Won't any others know they are missing and look? And then see whats happened to the Southlands? Personally, I don't like major plot points like that happening off screen, but this is what you get with sub 10 eps a season.  Galadriel is one of the most unlikable characters right now, like seriously lol she's thousands  of years old... anyway, hopefully she's on a huge and satisfying arc.   Great breakdown and love your lore snippets.
I totally lost it when you said 'Ugly Sonic' 😂
Not sure I'm in love with this idea, but the statue of Uinen could be a symmetrical and poetic theme for Galadriel to be a "calmer of seas" within Halbrand (made more prevalent by the fact that they met on the seas, as well). It would be a cool piece of thematic symmetry, although I don't know that I like that storyline between Galadriel and Halbrand. However, i do like the idea of Maia stories being reflected in the "real world," seeing that this is how mythologies get their traction.
I hate this show so much. It’s so boring and nothing like the world we know and love from the books. Just finished reading the lost tales part 1 and I can gladly say after this episode I GIVE UP watching this rubbish.
Why do you stoop so low to pretend this blatant garbage is anything but horrendous? I mean, Miriel is not even in the correct timeline? Dialog is absolute crap. The cast (whatever their color) all look like random people from street. The LORE which is easily the most brilliant and alluring thing about Tolkien's creations, is absolutely BUTCHERED! How can you comment on this trash and pretend there's something worth explaining?
Hi, Nerd of the Rings. What do you think of the writing in this show? The sea is always right? A dog can bark at the moon, but he can't bring it down? Why does a ship float and a rock sink? These sayings are presented as really deep Tolkienisms, but are pretty cringe to me. Your thoughts?
First, I like your analysis and breakdown of the episode. It was very forthright and well researched.  Second, I will admit that I was not a big fan of the series going in especially after finding out a lot of the changes being made (no I'm not an absolute purist, just appreciate the work Tolkien di to flesh out His world). Though I am still watching the show to see if they will eventually correct some of the bigger mistakes they have made like the almost subtle way the show writers are seemingly trying to get around their I.P. restrictions and change the history of Middle-Earth (i.e. not even mentioning that the war against Morgoth was in Beleriand not Middle-Earth proper or that the men of the "Southlands" were loyal to Morgoth). Also, the time frame they are working around doesn't fit with what Tolkien wrote as the overall timeline of the Second Age. For example, in the show the idea for the Elven rings of power is just emerging, but in this episode, we're introduced to Elendil who, according to Tolkien's timeline if I remember correctly, wouldn't have even been born yet as that event took place mid Second Age and there was no way that Elendil was over 1000 years old during the War of the Last Alliance that we see in the first LOTR movie. As to the men of the "southlands" thing my issue with that is that Morgoth didn't have a presence that far into Middle-Earth, nor did he even know about the race of Man until about the time of the third war in Beleriand during the War of the Jewels. And when he did make alliance with Men it was the Easterlings that came to ally/worship him. This plus some other things (No, not the racial diversity of the cast before anyone says anything. I couldn't give two ffffs about that issue) are kinda turning me off the show right now. Again, I'm still watching in hope that it gets better, but I'm not holding my breath. Amazon should have really learned their lesson with the Whell of Time adaptation that they're putting out(?).  Didn't mean to leave something so negative in your comments, but I felt like putting my two cents out there to hopefully get other people at least looking at things a bit more carefully for future episodes/shows. Again, really liked your breakdown.
man whats with the dislikes?
What a overpriced junk series  Our culture no longer produces anything good The dialogue and acting suck
I am also a fan!  I'm getting a bit frustrated with the haters--the incels and racists who can't handle a little casting diversity.  It really makes me question any association with Tolkien fandom.  I think the series is interesting--maybe more interesting than the Hobbit and LOTR.  I have read the Silmarlion twice and I honestly can say it is not my cup of tea.  No, I really don't like it.  So I don't get too bogged down on how the show fits the book.  After all, the Silmarilion is not Tolkien, really.  Rather, it's Christopher and not JRR.  I like the fact that the Orcs are more badass.  I like the Harfoots and I am really curious about whether the stranger is Gandalf.  After all, if Gandalf was taken in by the Harfoots it would explain his love for them through the ages.  So I want to believe.  One thing I like about the Harfoots is that they are more realistic than Hobbits, who seem to be an Englishmen's ideal of Englishmen plopped into the center of a fantasy world.  I am most happy that they didn't turn the whole thing into an NC-17 rated meatfest, which is what I had feared.
Director Wayne Yip confirmed at Insta that the statues are indeed Ulmo and Uinen.
So it this show worth the watch? Is it any good?
A lot of people - likely a lot of people in this very thread - thought Ahsoka was annoying, too, when The Clone Wars first introduced her. Now everyone loves her. I suspect that Galadriel's brash attitude and singlemindedness is on purpose and will improve as she grows as a character and experiences failures and setbacks because of it, especially since characters like Elendil are already calling her on her reckless and aggressive qualities. It would be silly if she started this story as the exact same perfect, aloof queen we know she becomes thousands of years after this.
How can you support this garbage? I have such respect for your understanding off the lore history. Please explain how you can consume this ?
Im so sad this has happened. Tolkien is what got me interested in reading as a kid. American políticas needs to stay in its lane. A la verga! F*ck Amazon
At a guess, "Adar" in the title alludes to all 4 'fathers' who featured in the various segments of the episode - Elendil and his hopes for his children, Largo and the pressures of his injury on his family, the offscreen Tar-palantir and the loyalty of Miriel, and finally the evil counterpoint of  'Adar' himself.  Honestly, if the Harfoots had been handled less like a Dion Boucicault play about Nelwyns, this would be a really superb show - Numenor itself was worth the (considerable) price of admission.
Could this episode’s title have to do with several ’father’ figures throughout? The injured Harfoot father, Isildor’s father, and the mysterious Orc father?
One intended benefit of using tunnels to move around is to hide their movements and their numbers. There's good reason why their consuming of small towns have gone unnoticed or unremarked upon by or to the elves who should have been watching for Sauron's troops roaming about.
props to Karendriel bursting into Ar Pharazon's throne room and demanding she gets a boat back to the mainland
This show is just awful and a huge disservice to the lotr universe and its fans.
I really like how they are establishing why exactly Young Gandalf likes and maintains his relationships over generations with the hobbits culminating in Bilbo/Frodo
Wtf why does Arondir now suddenly speak Quenya???
The series is hot garbage and an insult to Tolkien
It also is a question on how they can have books and even paper!  I can see Elves and Dunedain, and therefore Dwarves and the later SHIRE-Hobbits have paper, but these savage nomads who are on a wandership since 1000 years? Where are their letters and books from? Men?
Not sure who Halbrand will turn out to be. But I want to know where Celeborn is. Galadriel and Celeborn married in S.A. 1 and this episode is several thousand years into the SA. So has Amazon completely ejected Celeborn from The Rings of Power? Galadriel has never mentioned him so far and I have noticed the neither the Wikipedia article about The Rings of Power nor the IMDB page list any actor portraying Celeborn. Those two sources may not be definitive about the cast so I wonder if we will ever see him?   I like Elendil's portrayal.
Nerd of the Rings. Could possibly halbrand character become one of the wraiths of the mountain? The ones Isildur will curse?
Must be sad to be a Tolkien "expert" and have to commentate on the ROP....What happened to Tom Shippey?
The way some of the hate comments are written, there is no F'n way they read through the Silmarillan.
Three episodes in and they are getting worse and worse...PJ Please come back!
Do you think there's life after death? God loves the world, He gave His Son Jesus (unto death for our sins), whoever believes will not die but have everlasting life. John3:16 Repent/belive, to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord. 2 Corinthians 5:8
It's sad that the commentary is more entertaining than the show. So far...🤞
Whatever the flaws and weaknesses of this adaptation... i really like the Numenoreans, especially Elendils family!
Lickspittle 🤣👍🤮
Galadriel is still the unlikable heroine who has a horsegasm. Harfoots are lame and ironic. At least orc scenes keeps me awake.
Shill
I've enjoyed the series thus far. The production quality is through the roof.
It basically sucked.
I knew it was Jed Brophy as that Orc!!
Genealogical note:  Galadriel is sort of related to the kings of Numenor.  So like, Turgon was Galadriel's cousin.  His daughter was Idril, her son was Earendil as seen in big statue, his son was Elros the first king of Numenor.  So not direct descendants, but sort of great-great-great-grandnephews, kind of thing.
Everything is too shiny lol something off with this show it’s like it lacks realness and grit. I really wanted to like it though
Honestly, i'm not enjoying these episodes as much as i want until i listen to your recap which doesn't bode well for the overall acceptance.  I've almost gave up after the "release the Warg!" horrible CGI.  So many bad cuts, OK dialog and OK acting.  I'll keep slogging along and hope for the best.
Bothered that they didnt split this story in many seasons of different things instead of seemingly mashingup everything … bothered that some stuff were changed for no reason like elfs youth , dwarf reincarnation etc - weird shots at times like the one on horses … but … i m really having fun watching this show - its beautiful - its fun to have something lotr again - the fights are quite good especially nice violence with the one with the blacksmiths - lot of easter eggs and seemingly plots but i dont understand how they ll resolve everything - liking elendil - i mean overall still having good fun and excitement to wait for each episodes.
Halbrand cant be Sauron though. There are several articles from 2018 and 2019 that have the writers stating that there are hardcore truths to this world that cannot be changed. As such I dont think Sauron is going to appear as a man. I think we will still see him as Annatar later in the series.
I'm starting to get the feeling that the confused stranger with the herfoots "proto Hobbits" is going to be Gandalf explaining his love for the Hobbits since they are the ones who found him and helped him
Gotta admit Galadriel’s character is incredibly off-putting. Just wrong. She’s like a vain and impulsive teenager right now. Other than that and the harfoots the show’s been entertaining and looks fairly promising three episodes in I’d say.
What is your opinion on the show
This man sold out everything for Audible and Amazon 🤣 Shame on you Nerd of the Rings. Shame. Enjoy that money
Ibelieve that Haldrand would be the Witch King...
Oh okay, I like the idea of Halbrand becoming the witchking
Gandalf is sent back by the Valar, not Eru.  Tolkien was quite clear that the only time Eru intervenes is when he reshaped the world at the downfall of Numenor, and that's only after Manwë asked him to do something.
Angry sonic 🤣
Great episode, love it so far, I love the air of mystery surrounding who's who, and who maybe who, one theory I have is that the meteor man might be one of the Blue Wizards as they have never been shown in anything to date, they do in fact come to middle earth first in the 2nd age before Gandalf, Saruman and Radagast come on the ship in the 3rd age, and are tasked with finding Sauron, circumvent his endeavors and help the world of men as well, so it is possible that meteor man is in fact one of them.
Where are the orcs getting all of the fabric for the "coverage"? Also, why is that the only tree that hasn't been removed in the whole path? And why dig straight to it? Poor execution on whatever plan they have for the story they are creating.
Will there be Tar-Minastir in the rings of power by it's history he no longer exists because he sends aid to help elfs in eriador to fight against sauron or that battle has already happened in series they don't show it..., can please someone help me and explain this because we have already met Ar-Pharazôn and he is the one who defeats sauron and bring him to numenor and than sauron curupts the numenoteans...,  so again please answer me i'm very interested..., thank you
I must be the only person that loves galadriel. Such purpose and grit, i don't find her annoying at all😁
If the stranger is really Gandalf (which is what I assume atm), I think they will inicially reveal his other name, Olorin, just to keep it more "secret" to newer fans or the fans who only watched the movies and didn't get into the lore any other way.  I think Adar being Sauron will be a bit weird. Him being so active before going undercover and revealing himself and his influence on the orcs to elfs before putting his full plan in motion feels not smart.  Galadriel also bummed me out a lot in this 3rd episode because of how much of a dummy she is. She's thousands of years old by now but she's just so childish... I feel like the motivation is right and the journey she's taking on make sense, but the way she talks to people feels more like she's throwing a fit than that she's stern and headstrong.
they literally say they're looking for something in the tunnels
Im pretty sure Helbrand is the witch king not
Good luck Nerd of the Rings with the series, hope you really enjoy anything that even slightly resembles J.R.R. Tolkien, or has been paid a lot of money to praise it.
Mary Sue Galadriel would have defeated all the orcs with one hand behind the back 🤣
Any thoughts/knowledge on the strange pronunciation of the sound 'r' in the show. Like in GaladRiel, MoRgoth, SauRon. It is so unusual. I wonder if there is a reason for that.
👍
[…] architect […] 😄
You are a sell out. Rings of Power is contradicting many things you explain beautifully in your channel concerning Tolkiens Lore. You should be outraged with the show runners!
I miss Cate Blanchet…….a lot.
Why does Elendil have moobs. Horrible chest armor.
This has gone beyond Amazon not respecting Tolkien lore. The writing is bad, the story is bad, the dialogue is sounding cringe and the characters are plain unlikeable. Are we meant to cheer for Sauron because I’m really hoping he wins a lot of the battles before the story requires Galadriel to win in an unrealistic way.
This channel has been corrupted by Sauron.. i mean by Bezos.
Not to destroy the hopes of anyone but I don’t think “The Stranger” can be Gandalf. He could be one of the blue wizards but the Istari didn’t show up until about 1,000 years in to the third age
Does anyone want to hear how i rewrote Batman ? How about my personal version of ww2 ? I rewrote startrek too ...this feels completely meaningless and hostile.
when you are making a living on Tolkiens work, I guess its a good move to suck up just a bit to the new money overlords. good for him I guess. still some of the best overview videos of the real Tolkien stories.
If they are not respecting the lore ..then why am i listening to their "interpretation of it ? ...i can make stuff up my self ,anybody can ...it has no value.
All I know is the hobbits in this show are ruthless and will let someone they call there friend die because they have a broken foot lol. I mean I’m rooting for the wolves to eat them
not one dwarf was shown in this episode, that's going into the book of grudges
Wow.  I used to respect this channel.  Sponsored by Audible: an Amazon company.  Wonder what they would do with their sponsorship if you actually told the truth about this wretched insult to Tolkien's legacy....  BOUGHT. AND. PAID. FOR.
I'm glad you are liking the show it seems. Im not sold on it yet. The writing isn't great, characters are not interesting, and the story is not capturing me. Haven't even finished this episode.
this sounds all meaningless -
Something I’ve not seen linked is the name “Adar” and “Arda” whilst the link is not completely obvious - the words seem extremely close by chance?   Tin foil hat time….but perhaps the name Ardar was given as he is creating a new world where evil can thrive with this mind I would hope that he is not Sauron, but perhaps a lieutenant with a task to create Mordor whilst Sauron is out across Middle Earth corrupting those in power
I also like how the architecture is similar to Minas Tirith. It's the same Civilization that built it, just like Western Civilization's architecture now is similar to the Greeks and especially Romans architecture.
Could Halbrand be Aldarion?
I liked it👍🏼
Your reviews are great! Keep doing what you are doing!
I think it was great but I agree that it's all still early days and they are still busy setting up and laying groundwork for bigger events in the future. The visuals are stunning and the level of detail is impressive to say the least! Elendil is going to become a fan favorite I believe. And so to is Rhondir.
*Boromir treatment* Too soon man 😭😭
Wish they showed Adar clearly at the end.
My question regarding Halbrand being the witch king relates all the other Nazgul and where they come from? Doesn't seem like there are really great kingdoms of men just around every corner, much less 9. What are the other kingdoms to draw from?
The show hasn't gripped me. It's boring and the characters are bland and uninteresting. I might just give up on it. Shameful waste.
Galadriels character so far is written with such complexity  soul and passion ...couldn't ask for a better character to grab on to...can't tell where these writers end and Tolkien begins.....not
Nobody cares about this dumb show.
So, after watching this video I really liked your take on it.  As you said at the end "I got annoyed, as the Harfoot story took it away from the stranger and the numenor story".  Excluding that Harfoot aspect I think the episode is likely the best. I feel it connects a lot to Galadriels past, Halbrand consesus of what he's up to and also gives a greater understanding of hate between Numenor and Elves.   As you also said, its still getting in motion but i feel this episode really did help connect up a few, small but good dots.
When did the orcs became white? 😂
This is not TOLKIEN!!!!
I'm no LOTR scholar, but I'm assuming the "meteor man" simply cant be any of the wizards.. don't they all come to ME after the rings have been forged?
I enjoyed the episode. Regarding the orcs and tunnels, I don't think that they reached the point of using a "covered" tunnel, until they had captured the over-watching elves. They were completely underground before this, allowing them to advance through the area undetected. I think Halbrand is the Witch King. I think the blacksmith bit is just to throw us off the Sauron trail - which I don't think we've seen Sauron on screen yet. If Sauron turns out to be Adar, I'm ok with it, but only if he heads West in a fair form later on in the series, perhaps after the campaign to take over the southlands/Mordor is done.
The sheer state of this show bewilders me. Its all over the place, the acting is absolutely atrocious, the story is as if written by and for 10yr olds. The dialogue and character choices are so confusingly stupid and illogical and un-Tolkien. Im glad your finally getting money Nerd Of The Rings.....i hope in the end its worth it to you, amazon do seem like the "generous" type.....
If ya'll don't see that Halbrand is Sauron I don't know what else to tell you.
spoiler, all of them get corrupted and the island sinks into to sea
"Mano" is brother in spanish 😆
Numenoreans: Name thyself Also Numenoreans: The sea is always right!
Elendil the tall became  Elendil the slightly above average height. Seriously, the timeline doesn't work with the characters.
Question. How is that the same Isildur? Isn't this show set in the second age, like...thousands and thousands of years before the trilogy? Would that mean that within this Isildur's lifetime Sauron returns to power, crafts the ring, and loses it all in that short time span? I thought we were set way before all of that happened. Thanks!
Can we assume people don't watch to see what you think doesn't work? Breakdowns, easter eggs, and recaps make a much easier watch than someone sounding pretentious because they can.
Halbrand is Sauron
When Queen Miriel speaks to her father, at the end of the episode, could she be talking to Sauron?
I have a feeling that Adar is the dude on the left in the painting?
"...a cool little flippy thing to stab an orc with a stick..." 29:27 ooph. As if you really can digest this badly written and loveless made series. I am really dissapointed.
The stranger is Gandalf- too many fire references & it sets up G's interest in HObbits in LotR. I did like the Numenor visuals, but man, some uber cringey dialogue . Adar is Anatar IMHO. I need some more development and fast- I will watch out of love for the books, but this is looking more and more like a poor mans GoT
Damn bashing the show every chance you get
This series is not Tolkin it's total fan fiction.
I really enjoy this content. Keep up the good work!
Dont you think Adar is Sauron? Or is that too obvious?
I barely made it through 1 & 2. I couldn't get through 3.
Nobody cares about the harfoots
I have to give you credit for earnestly reviewing this abomination of fan-fic Tolkien. With your knowledge of this world, I am sure you know just how awful this show is canonically, yet you go on and pretend otherwise - as if the ignoramuses producing this garbage know what they are doing.
This episode was pretty bad.  Too many moments where they are trying to evoke emotional responses for characters we hardly know or care about.
4:45 It's interesting that the statue of Ulmo has horses next to him, as his Greek counterpart Poseidon was the god of the sea and horses. I don't think Ulmo had a connection to horses. Oromë the hunter did, but I doubt it's a statue of him. Gandalf creates magic horses from the riverwater in LotR, but I've never found any deeper meaning behind it. So maybe the show is borrowing aspects from Tolkiens inspiration directly or will we see some connection to horses later on?
not big fan of the depiction of galadriel and the how out of order events are etc changing the lore alot already. But series i am enjoying for most part otherwise. Elendil i also liked alot, halfoots also kinda like oh can we get back to the story at hand again please. But i guess the meteor man will play bigger part as series goes on. Looks amazing. Enjoyed the orcs stuff too. i don't think adar is sauron. I dont think we seen him at all yet.
1:21 Of of the elven slaves says "they're looking for something"
Halbrand is Sauron and the mystery man is Gandalf, it is not very hard to deduct. Look at all this comments, the show looks great is the only thing anyone can say that is good about it, and that is in settings, because costume design is attrocious, Amazon spent 1 billion dollars to look worse than 19 years old movies with less budget.
Ugly sonic!!! Haha that got me!
Not exactly sure why you're being so positive about this show.  Aside from staying true to Tolkien's lore, the writing/dialogue is abysmal and the character's are completely uninteresting.  Even the main protagonist is totally unlikable. Where did the billion dollars go?  Certainly not into the script.  We're up to episode 4 already and nothing has even come close to keeping it interesting.  If you haven't been hooked yet, i highly doubt you'll be hooked at all.  So disappointing
What's the name of the background music/elvish song in the video?
Does anyone else who has never seen LOTR trying to watch this series but has no clue about anything and what's going on?
Didn’t Galadriel see off Morgoth/The Eye in The Hobbit?  You know, when she carried Gandolf and then the ring wraiths came and then the eye appeared and she went all blue and it backed off?
My guess is that Adar is Annatar in orcish
I always took the mention of the redemption of Gladriel's house being a reference to all the sorrow that came out of her uncle Feanor's oath where they not only made war on Morgoth but on other Elvish kingdoms when they held the silmarils.
I was totally sure that Adar was Sauron. That scene made be believe Halbrand is one of the Nazgul, as if Adar is Sauron, then Halbrand cannot be him.
You shouldn't review this garbage show. I'm boycotting audible now because they sponsored your review of this garbage.c
Three episodes in and I may not watch any more. I would rather they not have made it than to make it so very wrong.
“Orcs being harmed by sunlight may be a big deal of this series” well the whole show is boring and a waste of time, money, and space
How the hell does anyone follow the crazy names in these stories.  It all sounds like characters are given names while their mouths are full of marbels.
I thought you went over lore, not lore breaking tv shows.
Do y’all think the meteor man is Gandolf the Grey?
I could have sworn the Numenoreans only turned their backs on the elves when Sauron had been captured and brought to the island. I could be wrong here, but this seems like the show runners are squashing potentially hundreds of years to fit their storyline. We'll see where this goes.
Honestly I was in the skeptical farm pretty hard when we started hearing about this show, all kinds of mad that Amazon and Jeff Bezos should have anything to do with such an esteemed franchise, and afraid what they might do to it. But after these 3 episodes I have to say I really enjoyed it. They seem to be giving the "vibe" it's due respect, and thusly it becomes such a treat to be able to see this part of the story in a new lens. Mordor before it was the arid lands from the movies, the moment a wizard (presumably) is sent to middle earth, Numenor, talks of morgoth and the war of wrath... It's like a nerd candy store so far, and I'm  here for it!
21:30, so after hundreds of years, she only figured this out now?? When she saw the imprint on her brother's body, she never once noticed it from another angle other than "top up"? Good lord...
did you say "Halrond" at min 7?
WOW, This looks terrible.
I'm a bit confused. I understand that this city is for sure Armenelos as it's depicted as the capital but geographically speaking, doesn't look more like Romena? Romena was the seaport of Armenelos. Maybe the two cities are connected by a river maybe or the directors just made the two cities combined into one for time and name saving purpose.... Any thoughts?
I’ve watched all your videos on middle earth. They are all very well done. But I can’t understand how you can support this abomination of a series? I mean it’s terrible beyond belief.
Getting strange vibes that the Elendils daughter is gunna die soon and cause some stuff leading Elendil to not wanna follow the rest.   Idk why.
Where do we get your list of the books on audible?
Halbrand has to know that Elves' lives are much longer than Men's lives, right? (I'm guessing that this is common knowledge among middle-earth) But he keeps implying that he is at least the same age, if not older, than galadriel. There has to be some hidden information in this???
This show sucks
Episodes are still just setting up the events that will unfold leading to the 2nd age war bringing together the Alliance against Sauron.  What people failed to pick up on in LOTR is that the Alliance was called the last great alliance. This brings to mind how things are between the races. The Last phrase is often missed. It's similar to our alliance with Russia in WWII and as soon as it was over they were our adversary again.  In this same way is the Alliance of Elves and Men
This is one of the worst shows if ever seen. Tolkien is rolling in his grave. 3rd episode! I thought I  was missing something so I watched this review. I didn't miss anything. The characters are bad and the acting is worse.
Oh, I interpreted the line "I've heard people turning into stars" as a way to interpret someone dying and "going to heaven", as it were. Like, he's heard of ancestors "ascending" not someone "descending". I don't think it was a line that was intended to be more than that (in my opinion!).
that numenorian armor is uglyyyy they could have done better. especially on Elendil.
Everyone likes to Moan about harfoots but I genuinely really like them, it’s a nice contrast and their aesthetic  reminds of those 80s, early 90s childrens fantasy blockbusters
BLyAT cucKs.
This show is so bad it hurt to speak about Tolkiens lore and world of middle earth  rewritten and changed race and gender and sexuality changes to also ruining the show cast as insult fans and disrespects Tolkien and his family there is no island of the cost of middle earth and the fact that TOLKIENS BOOKS that are set before the hobbit are dumped in the TRASH  AMAZON YOU F-UP MASSIVELY  DONT SHOW ANY MORE OF THIS TRASH
Is it possible that Halbrand could be The King of the Dead?
The green pits which in fact are yellow is just Sulfur, doesn't necessarily need to have a meaning behind it
I don't think I can keep watching this show....I want it to be good but it continues to disappoint.  So very far from anything Tolkien would have written.  Galadriel is so badly cast and written.
The one thing that bothers me is voice acting of galadriel. She barely opens her mouth and when she speeks all of the background sound disappears.
Could Galadriel get any more irritating?. Jeez
Do you like how Amazon has trashed Tolkien’s work and his fans? I tried to watch it, but just after the first episode I just couldn’t do it. I was really hoping to like this series.
I think the show failed in visualizing Numenor. I loved the scenic shot of the whole city, but up close it looks too much like ancient Egypt or something. I don't think they managed to make it something new and unique. The queen looks basically like Cleopatra and the armor just reminds me of GoT Sunspear-ish culture. Gives it too much of a modern day vibe but history wise if you know what I mean lol.
Thank you @Nerd of the Rings for your breakdown videos. I enjoy watching the episode, then coming to watch your breakdown videos. You pick up so much more than I do. Keep up the awesome work. I'll watch all of your breakdowns after each episode, and will always check back with all of your videos. I think your the best lord of the rings channel on youtube.
That's a good point. However, there are many shows who shoot on location or build practical sets. This is something expected with the budget they have. House of the Dragon is doing more with less in my opinion.
I really dont like the fact that they made vampires out of orcs. Sure they should fear the sun, but not burn in its light.
They need you in the writing room next season if there will be another one
please explain the timeline of the show, I know it's set in 2nd age but some things make no sense, galadriel is not even married yet and sauran's army is already moving in..... I'm confused or did they just decide to ignore the canon?
I respect how much Nerd of the Rings knows about Tolkien's world. I watched and leant a lot from his videos. But I had enough with this fuckery! I read and know enough about The Lord of the Rings and this show does not respect or represent the world Tolkien created. As one of the leaders of LOTR on YouTube, you should openly criticize this show and disown it!   You are not doing it because amazon is paying you to make this videos to spark interest in LOTR fans. I honestly tried to watch the show but I couldn't watch it more than 30 min, couldn't stand how cringe it is. You should be ashamed Nerd of Rings! Probably this comment will be taken down but I still wanted to share how I feel about you. I am unsubscribing from your channel.
I came across the idea that Halbrand may be a founder of what will later become a Rohan dynasty, so an ancestor of Eorl. Apart from a horse pommel of the sword from the promo pictures, there is one more thing that came to me. The name Halbrand from the beginning sounded a bit familiar to me and after reading this Rohan founder theory,  I realised it's because of the resemblance to Erkenbrand. Might be a coinidence,  just another cool sounding name, but it also might be an indication that those names come from a shared culture
So far this was the best episode. Last one was so boring I must have zoned out when those Elves were captured because I don't remember how they got to where they are now at all. But I can't with how much they're going by the temple of the movies. First we have Galadriel open with narration, then the cave troll, the  the female Frodo and Sam, now another Aragorn. They put so much work in building the sets wish they developed a more original story too
Can we all agree that the amount of slow motion in this episode was way excessive.
I think the statue in Númenor is Elros, rather then Eärendil :).
"Ugly Sonic" 🤣🤣🤣
This was a much better episode although the cgi on the wolf type thing was pretty shocking. Was very surprised that with the amount of money spent and yet they couldn’t get that right
I absolutely loved episode 3!
I have respect for people that remain awake while watching this RoP soap opera.
I really cant take you seriously anymore... this show made guy-ladriel a Karen that wants to see your manager and a Mary sue... the acting and the dialog is atrocious the costumes are straight out of some musical from Broadway... by now you have to admit that this sow suffers from woke ideology... they chose a queen out all the rulers... the Orcs are white! that put chains on Black elf... common man! you cant be a shill so much not to address this.
The Phil Dragash version of LOTR is still the best one out there
4chan kids do be liking that thumbs down button.
Great video and how you have explained things, most fans that haven't read books don't know how much lore their is. Good job can't wait for the next
this show still feels like Romulans in bad episode of star track cosplaying Elfs and Galadrial is angry teenager . Nevermind compressing 3600 years of lore in couple of seasons that make no sense ,deliting characters for sake of political agenda from existence (Celeborn) ....  Not to mention they can't do half of actual stories ( like raise of Numenor) because they don't own it's rights
Halbrand may be Sauron. He wants to stay in Númenor and tried to get a job as a blacksmith... Right now he is deceiving us because he is a master of deception 😀
I'm very satisfied with the show. Good to see Elendil's family as real human being, the origins of the legends we could only encounter as mythical characters of songs in the novels. I think Halbrand is obviously related to Sauron or will be soon. Don't forget, this is a story about the Rings, we should see 9 human kings or warlords who will be given the Nine rings! 1 out of 9, check. Meteor Man - there is a reason why his identity is not yet revealed and wisely won't be for at least one season. I still believe he is a beta version of the istari, and no member of the later Istari quintett. And Tolkien himself would probably like the idea that such a character would make his first appearance for the ancestors of the hobbits. Harfoots are okay - they are not the weed-smoking, beer drinking farmers yet, they show the origins of the later hobbits mentality, both the "keep out of trouble" and "going on an adventure" attitudes.
I am continuing to watch the show but I am wondering more and more about the timeline. Amazon bought the appendices for 250 million dollars, didn’t anyone bother to read them. The rings of power haven’t been forged and yet Pharazon who is the last king of Numenor is already on scene. The timeline clearly states that Tar-Minastir’s intervention defeated Sauron in the War of the Elves and Sauron in 1700 S.A. With Pharazon, Tar-Palantir, and Miriel on scene those are c. 3200 S.A. Galadriel is an absolute train wreck. Where is Celeborn? No Celeborn, no Celebrian. Will Elrond never marry? No Elladan, Elrohir, or Arwen, who will Aragorn marry. This bad writing changes the third and fourth ages and nobody seems to notice. I am more and more watching this show, but wondering what it is actually based on.
Sell-out
Isn’t this impossible? Did Galadriel already Mary Celeborn and Had Celebrian who married Elrond and should have Arwen? Here is Galadriel talking to Elendil who is the father of Aragorn yes Arwen seem to have not yet been born. This is too skewed.
I'd like to see more of the orcs
I thought the ending was great. The episode title teases Adar. The Orc arc teases Adar. Then in the ende, he appears .... he slowly comes into frame - from the back ... then the face. Blurry at first but getting clearer and clearer. We are tied to the screen and then BLACK.   It's an epic tease. A bit cruel but masterly crafted.
as a relatively noob about the whole lore, i must say you are currently my favorite LOTR youtuber. Most, if not all, I encounter are too negative about the ROP, which is a bit sad because I actually am enjoying the show. It's refreshing to find someone who has a more open mind about it and I like that you insert canon lore and info in these episode breakdowns. I am learning alot about the lore with your other videos too, and it looks like that I'm gonna have too watch all of them!
As just a movie watcher, this show has been slow and boring so far. Costumes have a Witcher vibe (too Hollywoodesque and not dirty enough), plus the classic ‘I have perfect makeup after traveling all day’ always feels bad no matter what show it is.   This was a perfect opportunity to go more GoT/HoD with the show, but alas they leaned more to the PG side of PG13. And the writing reflects that.   It’s always hard to watch prequel shows, we all know what happens. So far HoD is doing it much much better than this.   Plus it can’t just be me, it’s obvious Halbrand is a Sauron type character, and the fallen star is a dumb Gandalf.   Last but not least. Why do elves have short hair and just look like humans? Why are they all weak except for the main character?
Why is Isildur of a different race than Elendil? Why does Elendil have a daughter?
How much does Amazon pay you now?
amazing except for the cut through harfoots be like : "leave no harfoots behind except who ever is left behind" like wtf!!!
It’s interesting when you say at 21:43 that you’re “curious to see why it would take a thousand years to enact a plan” because it reminds me how there’s criticism of the show’s choice to condense the timeline.   This is why they condense the timeline. Because if you actually had this show take place over hundreds of years the first thing you’d wonder is “why doesn’t anyone do something about the problem? Why is it taking hundreds of years?” and then all the characters look foolish or weak for not making active decisions.   There’s obviously layers to it and certain things work better than others, but one montage of generations of men dying and the world growing old is likely not worth robbing all your characters of agency.
That's not a critic or a review or a breakdown..."and now we see  X doing this and that..." ...Will you survive Amazon's ROP?
It seems you're more a Payne and McKay Amazon sponsored channel more than you are a Tolkien channel now. Can you just answer this question once and for all? Amazon offered to pay Timothy Hickson to review RoP and clearly that came with strings attatched. Have you been offered and accepted a similar deal/proposal from Amazon?
So, Elendil was definitely cool, but what I am really excited about is what Galadriel says to Halbrand near the end: "Ours was no chance meeting. Not fate, nor destiny. Nor any of the words Men use to speak of the forces they lack the conviction to name. Ours was the work of something greater."  We heard part of that quote in the trailer, but in context, that is a far more religious statement than I had expected from Amazon and gives me hope they might do that part of Tolkien's work at least some justice.
One thing I find a bit odd is that the Sylvan Elves (i.e. Arondir and the other captives) speak Quenya. Surely they would speak Sindarin, no?
Elendil and Isildur cannot be alive before the creation of the rings
great video reviews so far! super helpful and interesting please keep making them
The timeline of this episode makes no sense.  Clearly we left episode 2 somewhere around 800 S.A.  Eregion was established, Sauron was still not doing much, the Rings had not been forged yet, etc. etc.  But now in Episode 3 we've fast-forwarded something like 2000 years to the time of Elendil and Pharazon.  By this time Sauron had forged the Rings, killed Celebrimbor, destroyed Eregion in open war, driven Elrond back into Rivendell, created the ringwraiths, etc,  ALL of that happened at least 1000 years before Pharazon was even born, more likely about 1400 years.  Yet apparently in this show we've arrived at somewhere around S.A. 3000 and Sauron still hasn't been discovered.  It makes no sense, and I don't understand why they'd depart so dramatically from the established story.  I'm trying to like this show (Numenor looked awesome) but it's not easy.
Это что за дерьмо вообще не о чем там ничего общего Толкиеном
ugly sonic is accurate though
Can someone tell me why the numenoreans are already anti-war? Thought that happened way later in the second age? I don't know much about the lore tho so maybe I'm confused
I feel like these episodes are so get good if I put them outside of the realm of LOTR, but kinda ridiculous as a LOTR adaptation.
But he couldn’t be the witch king, as that guy was from Angmar, and not the south lands… but it could be interesting…
this timeline is in the second. how can galadriel meet elendil when she doesn't meet & maried celeborn in FA and gave birth to celebrian in 300 SA. And the last alliance is in the end of second age 3430, so elendil life a thousand years? the numenor had gift to live long  but not for a a thousand years.
I am loving this series so much. I subscribed as I will watch these after each episode for the whole series. You are brilliant, please over explain or reference other videos you have often because for somebody like me (loves lotr but is kinda dumb) it helps so so much to have all the extra lore explanations.  I have watched so many lord videos and tried my best to read the books but I still just forget the names of all the different people and types of people/creatures/godlike entities constantly. I am thinking Adar is Sauron and hallbrand I wiiiiiish was the witch king but I can’t help but think he is just a human character there for us to really like them somehow he ends up doing something to help Sauron somehow and has a sad tragic death. Also I know everyone’s gonna hate me on this but I’m actually kinda liking the harfoot storyline, I just think they are so strange and savage with their culture with the whole leaving people behind deal and also somehow the leader harfoot guy knowing random stuff about the world somehow
Ive  watched 2 episodes.  im  sorry i just  cant continue with it.
The orcs are digging for a magma chamber to unleash Mount doom so they can darken the sky to work outside.
Who is Theo?
Warg looks crappy
Think it's a decent recap, but I think you dismissed the Stranger in this episode. His behavior illustrates a fondness for the curious harfoot that found him.
Need to fire the hairstylist, i think they just flicked through clothing catalogue
Elendil was impressive, if not too short and too old-looking. The whole dagger-stealing by Halbrand seemed out of character and unnecessary (where DID he hide it?). Also, the 'guest' Elf being allowed to just ride away from the city with Elendil to some hall of knowledge seemed very unlikely. I still have a problem with the Harfoots, does anybody else feel they are too big for Hobbits? The whole 'leaving the stragglers behind' seems very evil, I get that they are nomadic but to bring that in just so the stranger helps with pushing of the wagon to give his continued presence meaning seems all very contrived. Is it just me or are the Elves captured by the Orcs very un-Elflike?? Not very graceful or powerful as 2nd age Elves would be. Apart from Orondir's acrobatics (which looked  ridiculous), the other Elves were just useless. Oh, and the powerful, nimble Warg which killed 2 people, why did it suddenly just become a warg projective flying like a cannonball into the roots just because Orondir did a spinning flip? Ugh..... I am really really trying to like this show, honestly I am, but they are making it very difficult!!
Elendil shouldn't even be there since Celebrimbor hasn't even made the rings yet!  Also the Harfoots are a giant distraction.
Would love to see the Hobbit/LOTR movies with the same explanations scene by scene
I thought Meteor Man's 'Friend' moment was quite touching. Really seals his bond with Nori and her people.
This show is boring and doesn't have any likeable characters
Terrible episode. The harfoots are the worst part of the show. What a waste of time. Even more than that elf prison. All that money and they couldn’t get better actors or writers
Why are your reviews of this show ten times better then the show itself??? I couldng even finish episode 1, but I can watch you review them 🤷🏽‍♂️
Jesus loves y’all. God is with yall through all of your problems
I think you mean, Númenorrrrrrddddrrrrrrdrddrdrrrdddrrdrdrdrrrrrdrdrdrdrrrr...
Thank you for being more reasonable than other reviewers and giving the show a chance. For me the first 2 episodes were very  slow, but the 3rd started to pick up. I am interested to see where they will take the show.
Adar has to be Sauron
This is the type of review you will be getting when your major advertiser is an amazon product.
Don't be THAT guy and call anything associated with the Amazon debacle 'Lord of the Rings'. A Nerd of the Rings should know better . . . .
Ugly sonic 😄
Imagine if someone hacked the broadcast and replaced it with the Russian version of the lord of the rings called "Khraniteli."
I watched the 3 episodes and it's okay, been kinda boring so far. Unfortunately, the Galadriel story line has been a bore-fest, I don't know if it's the actress or the way it's been produced.
Call me a basic b*tch and a heretic, but I really do like Galadriel and Halbrand together, and I wouldnt hate it the way others would if it turned into something more...
yeah, I thought the horseback slo mo scene was weird and unnecessary .
I, for one, am enjoying the series.
The tunnels are for “looking for something”, I think an heirloom of the war of the southlands…. The black sword Theo found🗡
In defense of the Harfoots I think if you understand the cultures of any migratory and nomadic peoples in early tool age cultures it’s not unreasonable to believe and see that they wouldn’t go out of their way and endanger the whole tribe if only a few were to be lost. The reasons for the losses also were very much out of their control. Landslides, wolves, etc.   I actually really enjoy the Harfoots storyline. Just because Hobbits are only mentioned in Tolkiens lore in the third age it doesn’t make sense that they’d just suddenly appear. This version of them living in total seclusion and secrecy, hiding from men, elves and orcs alike, gives a general reason why elves and humans never mention them in their histories until much later. Hobbits have to “descend” from somewhere. This is a reasonable take in my belief. I feel like everyone is really ripping on the Harfoots existing with the very poor excuse that Tolkien doesn’t bring up Hobbits existence until the third age. As if that’s explanation enough for their origin. Middle earth is full of mysteries and the hobbits origins are one of them. Since they are not a direct creation of El Iluvatar (by themselves anyway, since they’re likely an offshoot of humans).   Nothing about their belief in leaving nobody behind and not straying from the path contradicts the actual events described. The only reason Nori and her family are in the situation they’re in is because of the compromised punishment for her bringing of a stranger. Prior to that it seemed like things would be okay because the family wasn’t going to be the last.
I find the idea that the Stranger is one of the Blue Wizards laughable, this is the usual stuff you get in fan fiction.  This is a mass market show.  Identity reveals are going to be along the lines of 'X is Sauron!', people who have not read Tolkien's works have no idea who the blue wizards are. Nope - at this point I'm betting on Halbrand turning out to be Sauron; I do agree with others that Theo is likely to become the Witch-King; and as for the Stranger - well, I just think he's an actual star. He's not going to suddenly start speaking fluently at any point, he will be captured by Sauron who will forge the One Ring from him his body. That's why he's showing the stars - he's saying that's me, I'm one of them.  It was a reply in kind after Nori told him her name. He isn't good or evil, he is star-stuff. The crater formed by the impact looked like the One Ring encircling him in it's centre. When he stood up the fire in the crater went out, and when he fell back down the fire ignited again. At one point you could hear whispers like the whispering of the One Ring. This will be the reason the One Ring is all powerful - not just because Sauron puts much of himself into it, but also because it is forged from a living star. Another prediction I'll make now is that there will be significant time skips in between seasons, because the only conclusion to the whole series that makes sense is the defeat of Sauron by the Last Alliance and Isildur's refusal to destroy the Ring. To cover all the things I expect to see - the forging of the rings of power, the destruction of Eregion and wars against Sauron, the fall of Numenor, and the war at the end of the Second Age - will need a lot of time to elapse between seasons, even accounting for a compressed chronology. Not hundreds of years, probably a few decades only. If it doesn't get cancelled first. But the Stranger is a living star - you heard it here first :)
Turns out Halbernardson is Luke Skyliker Woker who turned out to be Johanes Snowden who turned out to know very much about very little  Sorry for the spoilers it just leaked and I had to share
The "Boromir" treatment... omg
most disappointing show of all time
I thought of Sanic too lol
So much promise.  Destroyed by bad writing and woke garbage.
they have successfully made galadriel the most unappealing and unlikable character in the show, an impressive feat so far
Wait...isn't the Witch-king a Numenorian according to the lore? So that would likely leave out Halbrandt being the Witch-king because he's just a "low man" from the southlands.
I am personally bowing out after this episode. Pretending to be positive about this show just isn’t working for me. Our group watch started with 5 people and I lasted the longest. The show is boring and draws on immature/childish stylistic drama. Feels like I am watching a cheap cable show. I tried to give it a chance. I was trying to give it a whole a season but after 3 episodes this has gone no where. I do not care about any of the characters yet. This show feels like a Rockstar game, whereas Rockstar forces people to play their games in specific way, the show runners are trying to force their style in this show. I can easily just watch these insightful breakdowns and save my self from wasting an hour of my life. I really appreciate and enjoy these episode breakdowns and your narration, though.
What if there were multiple meteors that landed in each species, all saurons alias. To sway each species to his bidding
I really hope the stranger is not Gandalf. While I don't know off the top of my head when Gandalf is supposed to come to Middle Earth, maybe it is during the Second Age, I would much rather the stranger be another Istari if he has to be one. On whether or not Sauron is disguised as Halbrand I really hope he isn't. I think Adar is Sauron. The elvish word is probably used because Sauron is using his fair form. I also think that if the audience knows who Sauron is it will add a fun dramatic irony when he tries to trick the Elves into making the rings.
The orcs look and sound great. I like that they have lines and their voices sound unedited. The fabrics used in their costumes look a little too complex to be believable. I was expecting repurposed curtains and flour sacks to make their hoods rather than some kind of reptilian looking patterned fabric. Orcs aren’t known for their tailoring skills. My criticisms are as follows: The moob armor sucks. So does Galadriel’s attitude. Can’t believe it took them 3 episodes to figure out Sauron’s symbol. It was obvious at first viewing. 😂
I wanted to see and hear from this Adar person.
AT 22:13, you say "hobbit". Might want to edit that out since hobbit's aren't around yet.
WTF! Elendil is kicking around and apparently the rings havent been forged yet - come on, really! - there is almost a 2000 year time difference between these events. Normally I am not one to get too bothered by changes to a made up history but this is just ridiculous. Wouldnt have minded so much if the series wasn't so boring and treating the audience like idiots.  Galadriel is 1000s of years old and is written like a some dopey angsty millenial. I am surprise the NOTR has not pointed out some of the more glaring inconsistencies but is sponsored by Amazon - it is a shame as I have enjoyed their content up to this point
really need a definitive answer, please,  I’m not familiar with the lore as I should be - but is it at all possible that The Stranger is Gandalf?
The script is really bad.
If Helbrand is to become a Nazgul i would much prefer him to be Khamul, for me is less of a change from supposed Easterling to southlands than to suppose numenorean to southlands, but i still think it would be better for the character to end up being Sauron, especially if they indeed end up making him a love interest of Galadriel
Thank you
The best thing so far to me is how Nori's dad injures himself while building something for the benefit of the whole clan and as a reward they're perfectly willing to leave his ass behind.
Ugly sonic was scary tho
the show is just not good. its not middle earth. its amazon's fanfiction
Episode 3 and story still not advancing. Where did the 150 million go?
I didn't like this episode because of the story telling. I thought episode 1 and 2 where okay, but this episode was poorly written.
Your breakdowns of these episodes are actually more enjoyable than the episodes themselves.
3 top pros of ep 3:   Amazing world building (Numenor wide shots, whoaa) Orcs look super cool (nice to have some antagonism too) Some nice action scenes  3 top cons of ep 3:  Super janky character development/inconsistent tone Awful CGI on that warg Amazon's forced agenda of diversity and challenging the status quo
Lots of negativity towards this series which I really like.  Agree harfoots get waaaay to much screen time but (to me) all the major characters were very well cast.  Message to all the purists who love LOTR but hate this: aragorn was not at the battle for helm's deep which is basically one-third of the two towers and saruman was not killed according to cannon either two huge deviations with many more smaller ones
I think that Halbard is going to be the Witch King, for sure. And it will ube a tragic tale because, as you said, his character (mainly his background) is very Aragorn-like. Even the actor has some sort of resemblance to Viggo Mortensen. But he will ultimately fail trying to do de good thing, like Anakin Skywalker. As for the stranger, I’m rooting for Alatar. His story isn’t clear on Tolkien’s writings, so the showrunners can pretty much work with a blank canvas. Also, he is pretty Gandalf-like, which may be the reason his true name is hidden: casual viewers will see here Gandalf, a beloved character, thus giving them another reason to follow the series.
It looks like this season is setting up how the lands around Nurn are transformed into the hellscape of Mordor and I REALLY DIG THAT. Very hyped by that plotline as Sauron builds Mordor and attracts the attention of Numenor. This was the first episode where I was finally like "ooooh ok, I see what you're doing." Digging it so far.
Sawron
I don't like the Orcs being like vampires and burning in the sun. And why dig a trench and cover it with cloth? Just dig a tunnel! You'll be actually protected, hidden and your slaves won't be able to escape...
if Theo is the son of halbrand, then he could accept the ring or take the sword so Theo is saved. it could be a awaking joins the dark side to save his family theme
Does anyone else not pay attention to the show but rather these recaps?  Gotta love ye old attention span.
Thank god the show is better than everyone thought...I had a feeling it would be.. I look forward to every episode.
The addition of Harfoots really slows down the show, nearly ruins it for me. We have the amazing kingdoms of men, Elves and Dwarves but a third of the show is wasted on them.
Thinking about Isildur’s friend “Valandil” and his flirts with Isildur’s sister. Wondering if Isildur’s youngest son(and future king of Arnor) will be named after Isildur’s best friend in Numenor.
Still selling out to Amazon I see. Galadriel is like an child who thinks she is a princess and wants a pony for her birthday. She is 5000 years old and acts like an incompetent idiot in court. To the point that she only gets happy when someone lets her ride a horse. Nothing is interesting with this trash.
one of the things totally missing (in my mind) from peter jackson's versions are the songs, and I only thought about it because of the very quick scene in this episode when they are transitioning back to the harfoots and you can hear almost a low chant. i know its not a song but still, it stood out to me.
shill of the rings
I do believe that "man from star" is actually Gandalf. That makes a bit of sense; also explains Gandalf's latter affection toward Hobbits.
Halbrand is Sauron. :D
Jesus loves y’all guys so much
The “Sea is Right” sounds more like the naval service   reciting a motto.  Typical military instruction.
I am confused. Isn't this suppose to take place in the middle of the second age, before the forging of the rings of power? How is Elendil and Isildur in Numenor? How is Pharazon in Numenor? The timeline is arbitary?
Did a cursory scan of the comments and didn't see it mentioned so I'll mention it; meteor man is a wizard.
I’ve liked all the episodes but really liked this one. Feels like things are starting to move forward.
Meteor Man, love it! lol
i just check who owns Audible and now this video makes sense
Could Halbrand be the King of the Dead, who denied Isildur's call for help having already pledged that he would be there?
I am honestly here cuz I have not a clue on what is going on in the show I don't know if those are hobbits I have no idea what things with the antlers are I don't know where they elk man I don't know what is going on in this show   I thought the elves were tough next thing I know they the weakest people on the planet I have no idea where is they land and is that a wizard or Jesus what what is the man in the fire that don't burn I'm not disappointed I just have no clue on what's going on
I think Adar must be Sauron, he's leading the orcs, Adar is an elvish name, and Sauron was an Elf plus the blurry image of his figure even looks like an elf
The Harfoot baby Gandalf storyline is just inexcusable. How on earth anyone made this show, looked at that story thread and went "yeah this is great stuff" is baffling. I have no idea what they were thinking. They need to get to the point immediately and stop pussy-footing around, it's already over-stayed it's welcome in only the third episode. I'm enjoying the show, but it is getting boring at times. Hopefully it gets it's momentum back a little bit.
I watch the episodes so I can listen to NOTR’s commentary 🤷🏻‍♂️
My first thought upon seeing Elendil and Isildur was "It's way too early for them".  I'm not as knowledgeable of Middle Earth as many watching this, but weren't they born quite a while after the forging of the rings?
Halbrand is knock-off Aragorn lmao
I thought Galadriel found out that halbrand was king of the southlands 😅🤔 so I thought he would then be one of the nine men given a ring of power / meaning witch king / wraith ? I m loving the series, hate wait week lol 🥰
I just love Lord of the Rings wished their was a tv show since 4ver 😍
I know we are all a bit apprehensive with the harfoots in this series, waiting to see if they're going to influence on something they are no supposed to. But I have to confess that I found this episode a fantastic portrait of a race. Since they are not mentioned in the second age, the show has a bit of wiggle room to tell the stories of this proto-hobbits. And I was taken away by Sadoc's speech, and their culture of survival, which provides an interesting point of comparison with the hobbits we know, creatures that much love their lands in The Shire, love confort and good food, are weary of outsiders and mostly don't get involved in their affairs. Hobbits' hoarding nature, Bilbo's care for his house and his family possessions in his early years, the "no adventures here" policy by the many nosy hobbits in The Shire, could be interpreted, in my opinion - which is not in any way of a scholar, but just an admirer and layman to tolkien issues -  as a consequence to the sufferings and hard times lived by these harfoots in early days in their nomadic roots. I'm loving the moderate discussions here, and would like to know the opinions of more knowlegeable people here about this. Let's all hope that the harfoots don't get involved in anything too big, let's save the hate until then kk
You’re an incredible story teller and analyzer. You truly are, “Nerd of the Rings “ respectfully. Catching the only disrepair around the white tree.?Who does that?  Watching your commentary after I watch episode is so helpful for a novice like me. Thank you.
The writing is bad.. the fight choreography was bad. Galadriel is unlikable
the harfoots are awful. They literally laughed at a guy who died by getting swarmed by bees. I would have expected that from orcs.
I loved the third episode. After the first two I was kinda undecided - neither hating nor loving it.  Just couldn`t make up my mind. But this one really pulled me in. Numenor is so beautiful and Elendil instantly became my favourite character. I can see how Aragorn is his descendand - some mighty handsome bloodline that is 😉 And this is the first time I really got a fright from the Orcs! Those are some badass, scary, ruthless beasts who make their trilogy counterparts look like cuddly bears. Still hating Galadriel and her fixation on finding Sauron - too tense, too cuckoo 🙈 And btw if that indeed turns out to be Halbrand then the joke's on her 😆
The writing is incredibly slow and the Hobbits are plain boring. Elendil however is great, so we'll see if it gets better.
Cant believe !d!ots made a soap opera out of Tolkien!
Halbrand will be the ancestor of Bard and Girion.
When she reads the Sauron clue it didn’t have that lord of the rings magic to it. No rhymes, no sense of mystery or danger
It´s not Sauron in the end of the episode?
I could, of course, be mistaken, but I think Halbrand may be the King of the Oathbreakers--for those who haven't read the books, the king of the ghost army Aragorn recruits in Return of the King.
I am really enjoying the show and look forward to more episodes. There are some things I wish were different (not feeling some of the made for TV characters and locations) but overall it’s entertaining and that’s all I can really expect from it. I hope they make Galadriel more likeable though. Her character is grating on me because she behaves so poorly towards those she meets. I understand this is because she has tunnel vision and is focused on avenging her brother and vanquishing Sauron, but it’s hard to tolerate someone being super stony and rude all the time. It does not endear us to the primary character so I hope as the seasons go on she becomes more human. I think they’re trying to hard to make her come across as badass and a leader that they’re writing away her character and using her as a personality-less plot device. She does not have the warmth that Cate Blanchett did. Bear in mind, this Galadriel is meant to be younger (obviously) but she is still one of the ancient-most elves and is coming off as a broody teenager. I don’t think this is an issue with Morfydd Clarke but rather the writing. I think Hollywood and big TV struggle with writing strong women and inadvertently end up making them dislikable Mary Sues. I was also hoping for more magic from Galadriel but perhaps this is before she learns this art form in the chronology of Amazon’s Middle Earth. I understand they don’t have rights to the Silmarillion and have to tread around these matters so I will forgive that seeming error.
Aren’t the orcs digging because they’re looking for a weapon ?
This galadriel is the same from the beggining of Silmarillion, pround and rebel, the same personality. The reason she's hunting sauron is the difference with the legendarium story(not "lore", as such thing doesnt exist in tolkien's work)
Loving this series so far! Still not a fan of hobbits tho.
Tbh this show is great to me
ask jeeves...too funny :)
In my world the Rings of Power doesn’t exist and I like to keep it that way
this breakdown is 30 mins too long,could have just said usual bad script crap acting etc see finished.
I’m curious if maybe the “Sea is Always Right” thing is maybe a new quasi-religious thing that the non-Faithful Numenoreans have come up with, since they are getting rid of worship of the Valar? And that could be why it feels so empty?
I think Adar is one of the Avari. This would explain the Elf ears as well as the name ("Father"), since the Avari are thought to possibly be the progenitors of the Orcs. A servant of Sauron, no doubt, but not Sauron himself. I think the white-haired, buzz-cut Elf in the trailer is also probably an Avari. These two are probably Sauron's Lieutenants.
The harfoots are my favorite part of the show so far
Galadriel gives Frodo a vial with the star of elendil in it. Not a file
The hobbits are (at the moment) totally desnecessary, the hobbit actors core are trying but the history aren't working out... EDIT: did they shot the galadriel ride scene to create new memes? 🤔
This Halbrand fellow, I wonder if his lineage is tied to one of the nine kings that receives a ring of power.   On a semi unrelated note, for some reason, when I first heard of the South Lands and Halbrand being from there, my mind turned to the land of Harad. It's probably because it's something that deep down I've always wanted to see, some connection to these little explored yet fascinating lands and peoples. Since the show has a lot of fanfic elements already, it would be nice to explore such territory.  All in all, that shot of Numenor + the depiction of the orcs and their ferocity were the highlights of episode three for me at least. Looks like we got a sneak peak at Sauron at the end, can't wait to see more.
What is there to break down we all watched it obviously Gandalf is the dude from space and Sauron is walking under the tents and the guy with galadria he's a king to unite the people to help fight against Sauron but we got to forge the Rings and everything still
does anybody know where I can find that image of Eru? it was shown in this video and in The one for episode 2 as well I think.
I have one question for anyone willing to answer - do you find the way Galadriel's written and the way she's interacting with other characters credible? I think coming to the queen regent of Numenor and basically threatening her within one minute of their conversation is highly controversial for someone like Galadriel, who's supposed to be wise and diplomatically literate. Also her conversation with Elendil - where she rather comes off as his bratty daughter - doesn't do someone like Galadriel justice. Here I have to say I have certain issues with the way Morfydd Clark portrays Galadriel, I simply don't believe her the tone of this character. I know there's an intention of portraying her in rather stuck-up and annoying way, but she's been too one-dimensional so far and the moments where she was portraying surprise, distress or joy (the whole sequence with Elendil) simply didn't convince me about her personality. Not to mention that towards the end of this episode, she became a narrator rather than a character and explained things that should have been rather shown as natural results of events (potential emergence of Mordor, Halbrand's development etc.).I don't want to sound too pessimistic but so far Galadriel's been one of the weakest points of the series for me, and I think it's been unfortunate to centre the series around her.
I skipped most of the hobbit scenario's, but yes the numenorians were interesting and always the eldar's.
It's been three episodes and I still have seen no justification for the Harfoots.
wait so Adar isn't sauron? I'm kinda confused
The orcs are next level well done tbh.
The filming is very nice.  It is visually stunning.  The story & characters, meh. It seems to lack Tolkien’s heart.  Loved the scenes on water & in the city.  I thought the scenes at the pits with the Orc mind games and in the palace with the banter between the women were just dumb, though.
Galadriel is so arrogant and proud she’s kind of making me hate the films version 😭
Halbrand is Sauron as Sauron befriended the elven smiths of eregion. In this episode halbrand befriended those people at the pub. It’s him
Hi guys, that stranger makes me nuts! What is your thoughts on this?             I believe him to be the two blue wizards in one. It is said they went east to aid the struggle against Sauron, maybe corrupted by him or otherwise failed. The writers have got a lot of freedom here… The stoors need to find a constellation of stars… Perhaps above the shire? Manwe might have got som vague forsight of the importance of hobbits? The stranger (blue wizard) points the stoors towards safety ensuring their survival and indirecty Frodos existence and destruction of the ring. Full circle. :) afterwards the stranger “fails” fighting the arising of sauron in mordor.
I think it’s the worst of the first 3 episodes but loving the fact that “a new world had been created to discuss” whether a good or bad world it’s opening new discussions around Tolkiens works ( have to find some positives)
I thought the episode was perfect. Great acting and the writing was on point. I don’t understand why the harfoots annoy you so much.
I have to say that the PR people for Amazon are extremely stupid. When Amazon says that 20,000,000 viewers that hated the show are trolls.....so what...that's STILL 20,000,000 viewers that hated the show. All the Amazon PR guys have done is confirm at least 20,000,000 viewers hated the show.
The Show is absolute garbage. I drop it after episode 3. Really boring,  dont waste your time.
The majority of people do not like this show at all for numerous reasons. There is really only a very small handful that like it. They should cancel it and try something else.
Why is Galadriel so rough and ugly? The actress should play an WWF wrestler instead of an elf?
As a person's that born and lived on an island, the numenor mantra is simple yet correct. The Sea is always right. You respect the sea.
Good thing about this adaptation is that no one can spoil much of the story because they were not following directly from the books so we keep thinking on whats gonna happen next.
I kind of like Halbrand eventually being the Oathbreaker turned King-Of-The-Dead theory.   Not too much on that character in the lore from what I can see, and a character this show can really expand on without making changes.   Having Halbrand being that character would fit great IMO
Too slow, poor dialogue, characters flat and without much depth. So far the only thing that is worthy of notice is some of the cgi city scapes.
Biggest act of human on human violence in a LORT adaptation yet.  Wouldn’t the Haradrim charging Oliphants through the ranks of the Rohirrim on Pelennor fields take that crown?  Or even Farimir ambushing the Haradrim in Two Towers?
Finally an objective breakdown that just explains and doesn’t chew the show out for Tiny things… the show isn’t the best but it’s far from the worst
The scene with Galadriel riding the white horse, in her turquois robes and the dramatic white and grey clouded sky, was amazing. The photo in the series is great.
I thought there were a couple of unexplained jumps and a bit too much reliance on remembering the new characters' names. I personally like the Harfoot storyline - it's worldbuilding in a build-the-culture kind of way. However, the left-behind bit is weird and doesn't seem to be in keeping with the rest of the communitarian nature of the Harfoots. It also doesn't really fit with how other migratory peoples IRL conducted themselves.  Speaking of IRL comparisons, I think it's intriguing that the Harfoots have written language, books, and paper - technologies that only develop in settled societies. This implies that they are, indeed, either an offshoot of men or were taught these things at their creation by a Vala.
I think Sauron is Halbrand. The black smiths anvil was in the shape/design of Isaengaurd tower and other Sauron architecture. And in the books, Sauron was captured and then talked his way into the ear of the Numinor Kings Men; who, he convinced to build the temple on the tree and Honor Melkor. The last scene with Halbrand, has him in a jail cell. Just my thought.
Is it just me or has there been too many stunts and CGI action tricks already? I mean, Arondir had like 3-4 already with the chain... Then they even had Galadriel jump on a sword as the first thing happening in the first action scene lol. I'd much rather prefer it to happen rarely, as it would give more of the "specialness" of elves if we're rarely exposed to what they're physically capable of doing. As with Legolas and his 2-3 stunts in Two Towers and ROTK.  Also, again could be just my ears and eyes (being too used to Jackson's trilogy), but are the voice acting regarding dialects/accents disapointing in the show? Too little of the "old-english" which I felt they executed very well in the LOTR trilogy where the dialect coach Andrew Jack did a great job and you could really feel the english there was from another time coming straight out of Tolkien's ways of writing from the books. For some reason I just hear pure Game of Thrones dialects regarding upper and working class lol.
Hmm we'll see what Amazon can do! It's still a long shot from good but we shall see.
The warg looked like a stupid hyena. I can’t get over how ridiculously retarded their portrayal was.
Wait in the book orcs can really talk?
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Very very good episode, loved the Numenorean stuff, seeing the orcs and elves clash, didn't think the show would get all grisly and horrific but that warg made it hard to watch, and I still enjoyed the Harfoots section. NOT however a fan of the ending, if we got this close to seeing Annatar and they hanged me out to dry giving me the first case of television blue balls for a whole week, I'm gonna be upset. One thing I did notice that no one mentioned, Adar is a anagram of Arda, as in Kingdom Of, as in the realm of the world. Probably just a wee easter egg but I found that fascinating.
I deign to submit a few new words for submission into the modern English language lexicon.  Bezosize: [alt, Bezoize, (also Bezosed /past tense, Bezosing/ present tense)]; transitive verb 1. The act of taking something of high quality or standing and expensively cheapening it to the point of absurdity, while simultaneously insisting that it is still of the highest quality or standing. 2. A particularly destructive and ungainly form of virtue signaling.  Bezosizer: (alt. Bezoser, Bezozer); noun 1. A person inflicted with or otherwise outwardly displaying a particular militantly cult like form of denialism, similar in characteristics to TDS, Covidiocy, or Zelenskyism.  Often a symptom of deeper psychological defects. 2. One who Bezosizes.  Bezosian: (alt, Bezozian); adjective Possessing the qualities or characteristics of being Bezosized.
Don't know, whether timeline fits of not, but in my oppinion, Halbrand will turn into Oathbreaker, undead king in Dunharrow
episode 3 was definitely my fave so far. I'd take the bet that Halbrand is the witch-king. My worry is season 1 is just a setup season, which was one of my worries going into the season but I'm really enjoying it and speculating the smaller details of the show as we go into the major stuff that book readers are aware of.
Loved the episode. Pretty popular opinion that the slow motion horse shot was out of place. I also am really not interested in the harfoots. I’m assuming it will all be connected but for now we’re cutting from Elendil and Galadriel moving the plot forward to hobbits preparing to walk, and then walking. Very underwhelming
This show is so bad and obviously pushing “The Message”.
That horse montage was “we paid so much money for this albino horse, make it count!1!1!!!”
Awful show
Honestly, this show is so good that it makes me hopeful that Amazon can still turn things around with The Wheel of Time adaptation. And I HATE that show, lol, so that's really saying something.
How can they mix beginning of second age with end of second age? It's just ridiculous...
Each episode gets better, still not much of a fan of the first episode, its definitely the weakest episode so far but there might be weaker episodes later on, have to wait and see.
I just dont understand the timeline.  Its late 2nd age (we know due to the state of numenor) but by this time galadrial is already married.  There are other things like this that keep messing up the story.
Marvel and Disney are nonlonger about entertainment but social engineering
My insanely long review of RoP with SPOILERS.  Let me start by saying: I thought it was going to be great. I love Tolkien and Amazon. I genuinely thought Amazon was the only one who had the right studio to pull it off, so I was in camp of this is going to be amazing. HBO would have sexed it up, STARZ would have made it a melodrama, and Netflix would have just randomly canceled after a successful season for no reason. Then the trailers dropped and the script seemed off, but I chalked it up to just bad trailer editing. However, after seeing three episodes, this is worse than Wheel of Time!  I re-watched with 7 friends. 3 hardcore Tolkien geeks, 1 Tolkien lover, 2 Tolkien enjoyers, and 1 general fantasy lover who knows nothing of Lord of the Rings.  The 3 Tolkien nerds: At best 10% accurate to the lore, changing fundamental things in the text, slow and boring with horrible writing.  The 1 Tolkien lover (a female who's favorite character is Galadriel, both in the books and movies): How could they destroy Galadriel like this? She is one of the most powerful female characters in all of Tolkien and they reduced her to a basic warrior who's personality is muddled with toxic masculinity. 3 hours in and literally nothing has happened. Why is everyone talking so pretentious, yet the words they say do not match the scene?  2 Tolkien enjoyers: The Hobbits are annoying like child actors and everything that was "cute" about them in the first episode is thrown out the window in episode 3 when they turn them into vicious, sycophants who leave their loved ones for dead while chanting, "no one goes off alone." Why is everyone staring at each other for such long periods of time? On the 4k 75" TV, everything looks clearly CGI. Even PJ's LOTR effects were better than this.  1 general fantasy lover: *fell asleep* Sooooo boring. More boring than the movies. What is even going on? Why are all the fight scenes like anime? --------------------------------------------------------------------------- Show Quality (Not Relating to Lore):  Writing - This is the chief weakness of the show. First, there is a large team of writers and it is extremely obvious. The scenes are clearly written by different people with inconsistent pacing and usage of language. It is actually jarring sometimes the sort of emotional whiplash that occurs between serious and slap-stick scenes. Second, the plot and all that happens seems to be driven by a series of "good ideas" strung together by filler. For example, it is like someone said, "Wouldn't it be cool if Arondir was captured and he tried to escape by doing a cool flip to cut down the sun barriers protecting the orcs?" And then from there, the team wrote a convoluted plot as to why orcs will dig a trench with cloth covering for hundreds of miles rather than tunnels or just digging at night. Thirdly, and worst is the dialog. The showrunners came out and said that when crafting the speech of the characters, they looked at Tolkien's written work on those characters and tried to have the writers match the poetic meter that those characters talk in. This sounds amazing in theory. However, what we end up with are EXTREMELY long and nonsensical lines that sound deep because the average person can't understand the full meaning without a second or third re-watch/listen. For example, in the very first episode we get Finrod telling Galadriel that stones sink in water because they "look down" while ships "look up". This is the writers' attempt to create a Tolkienien personification of objects to teach a lesson. However, personifications still require some sort of connection to reality to have them be meaningful. Another example is the significant amount of non sequitur responses people make to questions or statements made. In one scene 'Elrond asks 'Galadriel (paraphrased into modern text to visualize its absurdity), "How are you Galadriel? Tell me about your journey." 'Galadriel's response, "Do not give me fake compliments!" Her response is non sequitur as 'Elrond never gave her a compliment. He simply asked how she was doing. If you watch carefully, these sort of non sequitur responses happen in ALMOST EVERY SCENE. I am not exaggerating, but they are easy to miss if you are not paying attention.  Acting: I hate judging acting. So many times, people criticize actors saying they are bad, but who knows how many good takes there were and the director just chose the worst. I do not want to judge the actors harshly because the writing is so poor. What I can say is Disa and Durin are the two most likeable characters. This could be partially due to how they are written, but these two actors actually have chemistry. Their scene together in episode 2 is the ONLY bright spot in the first three episodes. The actor who plays Elrond said he cares about the lore and I can feel the tension as he tries to bring more to his character than was written for this show.  Special Effects: Clearly this is where most of the money went. The sweeping shots of New Zealand are beautiful and the sets are generally well done, but there is a grandness missing due to the heavy reliance on CGI and green screens. On our 75" 4k TV, the show looks very video game-y which is a bit distracting.  Costumes and props: some high highs and some low lows. Especially on the big screen, some props look REALLY fake and plastic-y. The armor is definitely the worst in the show, clearly bending rubber or printed spandex instead of higher quality realistic looking armor. Prosthetics are obvious with bald-cap lines showing and the trims are obviously machine made too modern to the time period.   --------------------------------------------------------------------------- Lore:  I understand that there is not 1000 pages of text to go off of like Lord of the Rings. Tolkien practically wrote a history book, an OUTLINE of the major events with little detail around the 2nd Age. However, what we were expecting was for the writers of the show to follow the MINIMAL outline out there and fill in the gaps. However, thus far, they have fundamentally changed written lore in almost every major event and character.  The main problem is they gave Galadriel, Tolkien's most graceful and powerful sorceress the arc and personality of Feanor, Tolkien's biggest Elven d-bag. Even if we take Tolkien's latest draft notes on Galadriel that she defended the Teleri in the Kingslaying, and take that literally with sword and shield, that still does not make her a mean she is a horrific leader. She has always inspired those around her. The only reason she doesn't return to Valinor is because of pride not revenge. It is a complete change to written lore, not just filling in the blanks with her.  Let's do a quick word search in the Silmarillion: Revenge: 3 times - twice about Melkor taking revenge and once about Sauron's evil men taking revenge.  Vengeance - 13 times - seven are ALL about Feanor's oath, even the one time Galadriel is telling Melian about it as Feanor's vengeance not her own. One reference is about Morgoth's vengeance. One is the dwarves' vengeance and the last four are about Beren, Children of Hurin, and other mannish vengeance.  Galadriel is NEVER once EVER associated with vengeance. Further, in the latest drafts of Tolkien's writing, Galadriel DEFENDED the Teleri against Feanor making her further from that.  Additionally, it states, "No oaths she swore, but the words of Fëanor concerning Middle-earth had kindled in her heart, for she yearned to see the wide unguarded lands and to rule there a realm at her own will."  This EXPLICITLY states she swore no oaths. Prime-Galadriel ('Galadriel) is just different. If you like it, fine. Just do not claim she is aligned to Tolkien.
Worst episode so far. The botched program is a raging dumpster fire.
Obvi it was Morgoth who started the whole thing but I think Glad meant that the elf’s pushed the humans to side with Morgoth. That’s how I interpreted what she said to halbrand at least
I hope people start to understand that the timeline is really condensed and not the same as books
Galadriel should be tall in stature. tsk.
Three episodes of walking around and talking. No good action nothing. Wtf
Exactly the same feelings as you. I enjoy every part of the story line except the harfoots. That has been truly annoying so far. I am starting to get frustrated with the ongoing delay of the meteor-dude's identity and purpose.
Galadriel is just insufferable.  I would not take her into a squirt gun fight let alone make her a lord of war in charge of others.   I have promoted 20 year  olds with a better grasp of being a leader.
My biggest problem with the episode was when Galadriel asked what sort of ship she was on, after seeing Numenor's sigil multiple times. I mean you'd think she knew it.
Tolkien wrote these books to give England a history because they never wrote everything down.  Most of the people would have been Keltic here and not woke.
#Compromised
Yo your break down was amazing
To me, the hobbit story line is the only interesting story line in the show. I haven't read the books or even watched The Lord of the Rings (I tried, I keep falling asleep) but I hope the hobbits have a very nice plot. The other characters are so mean, uninteresting and very bland. The hobbit girl is a breath of fresh air amidst all these bitter characters who have no chill.
Idk man for me they are just trying to hard to make epic scenes and it just does not work for me. Every 2 mins they are trying to make mighty moments with the music
It would undercut the development of halbrand for him to be Sauron. So far he's a flawed rogue whom the audience can root for, and who I could see wanting something very human- the restoration of his people,  or simply power. It fits better with the logic of his development for him to be a nazgul, Corrupted by his lust for power.  Then there's Adar. Surely it would be too obvious for him(her?) To be Sauron?  And does anyone feel that Theo is possibly on his way to being a nazgul?
I really liked this episode, I particular enjoyed Numenor and the scenes with Elendil and Galadriel. The actor who played Elendil has great presence and represents this amazing character really well. Arondir and the other captured Elves scenes were really cool too seeing their protective nature for each other and for the trees they hold dear. Overall I thought this was great episode and much like the amazing scenes and setting of Khazad Dum I thought they really did a great job with the look and feel of Numenor. Really looking forward to episode 4!!! 👍😁😎
I still can't place the timing of where in the Second Age this is set. In the first episode it's implied that it's been 1000 years since the fall of Morgoth (man in the tavern complaining that the Elves have been watching/policing them for a thousand years). That'd make sense since it was around SA1000 that Sauron first perceives the threat of Numenor to himself, and started making the "Southlands" as it's called here into his fortress realm of Mordor. But that'd mean that the forging of the rings of Power, invasion of Middle Earth and capture of Sauron , the corruption of Numenor, the Great Armament and destruction of Numenor, and the defeat of Sauron by the Last Alliance all happen within the lifetime of Elendil. Unless of course they ignore Elendil and Gil-galad killing Sauron and just have Galadriel do it.
"Evil cannot create anything new, they can only corrupt and ruin what good forces have invented or made." J.R.R Tolkien Shame on those who have participated in this garbage. Shame on those who give it the oxygen of publicity. If you're a genuine Tolkien fan, see this show as the abomination that it is, and call it such.
Halbrand is definitely not Sauron
I just can't get past the bad dialogue, I hope the writing gets better.
Does the timeline make sense in this series ? The rings of power are not yet made, I’m assuming because of what Celebrimbor is alluding to, which would place it around/before 1600 SA right ? At the same time Al Pharazon is chancellor, and I suspect will usurp the throne soon and defeat Sauron in 3200 something. Does this series then condense 1600 years into a hundred or so?
The only explanation for this abomination of a show is corporate greed.  It's not Tolkien and you're delusional if you think it is.
How many episodes in total are we expecting for season 1?
I hate new Guy Galadriel. She don't are what she is in books.
Better than Episode 2.
Tolkien simply gave us his beloved languages, that developed in a diverse, culturally rich world that is unlike ours. One of his making, describing the nature he loved and one in which magic is steadily fading.  Then he wrote a story into this world he developed until his death.  No politics, no hidden messages, no allegories, it's timeless.  He did not even expect others to share his interest and was proven wrong when his books were published.  It shows courage and cowardliness, honesty and deceit, prejudice and open-mindedness, life and death, mistrust of strangers finally leading to cooperation, hope yet no certainty, etc.   All universal concepts in a setting that isn't our modern world or even a 1:1 representation of our past. It simply is HIS and it should not be disrespected by people claiming to know better/ to be able to "fix" Tolkien's Middle Earth so that it can be like ours.   They don't even care about his story, only how they can use a semblance of it for their agenda, their messages crammed into his independent world to highlight and to influence opinions about the real world.   It's not wanted or needed!  And when we say exactly that, they use stigmas to belittle our opinions and paint us as small-minded bigots. They ridicule that we care about a literary masterpiece to such an extent, (tell us to get a life and basically to stop caring about it at all, because it isn't real, it doesn't matter what they do to it)   Instead of listening to our criticism about how they misrepresent and change things that are not necessary, they say we aren't welcome in the fandom anymore.  They are drawing lines to defend a story that isn't Tolkien and claim it's the new "fixed" Tolkien that's open to all....and don't see the irony of that statement, don't mention they mean open to everyone that agrees with their methods.  Someone who does not like it, for whatever reason, is apparently against them and therefore on some level X-phobic/-ist, etc   His story was already translated to dozens of languages, well received all over the world, simply appreciated for what it is.  Now they are trying to claim it wasn't so and that they are the only ones able to do make that happen.  That some people could not truly enjoy it before because of the creator of the entire world and story.  It's sad...and I will never complain about the Tolkien estate not selling rights to his works ever again
The real purpose behind: https://youtu.be/8O02LWoU_1c
Didn't the elves theorise the orcs are looking for something with the tunnels? Possibly the weapon the kid found with Sauron's symbol in episode 2?
With a budget over the billion dollars , don t you think they could have afforded a decent scénario actors and dialogues ? Have nice pictures does not make a good show .
Your breakdowns are MUCH better and more detailed than other ones out there on youtube.
When Eru made Eä, it was all on one continent with two large lamps that lighted the world, the light of creation and all the offspring of morgoth despited it and hated it. They didnt burn by the sun. They avoided it. Do you?
Whats up with that warg...come on looked better in lotr
Decent episode
Whats the name of the soundtrack in this video?? It's quite dope
Agree with several points, totally disagree with the Harfoots :D While I do want to know who the stranger is, he is by far my least favourite bit of that storyline. Though all in all, I really liked the episode. Numenor looks like Gondor on steroids, which seems very fitting, the orcs look great... the warg was a bit odd and with all the millions upon millions of $ thrown into it, we're still far from a convincing ocean. the scenes with Galadriel & Halbrand looked great, as did the wide shots, but the closer shots from Isildurs training especially were somewhat off. Though maybe that only becomes obvious in contrast to the incredible quality of the rest of the special effects and would have looked insanely good in a movie from 5 years ago?
I am loving this series. Its really blowing me away with the visuals, but the writing is so interesting and engaging too. I mean I know lots of massive changes, and lots of liberties when it comes to original lore, but its really a good show!
I'm surprised to learn there are actually people who watch this.....
One of the orcs looks like gothmog indeed
How much is Amazon paying you to review there opus crapus?
I liked it a lot… agree too much Harfoot stuff is distracting compared to the other stories, but can see it blossom into a more interesting story.
30:21 this summs up my entire opinion on this episode. mostly great, but the Harfoot story line feels quite out of place
The sea is always right? Tolkien is turning in his grave.
I’m not a fan of how they push 2000 years of lord history into a season. I can understand y they would do it tht way since shows rely on building up characters and if half the cast dies inbetween seasons since they aren’t elves, it would impact watchers losing their favourite characters. Doesn’t really change my opinion on impacting set lore just for cinematic appeal (the hobbit bringing in azog who should be dead so thorin has a villain). As long as there’s no massive divergence from the lore in how an event takes place, I’m fine wth tweaks to it but I don’t like the fact tht Isildur is alive before the rings are forged. (Plz don’t let the stranger be gandalf just to have a known character name be involved). I think the show looks nice and the acting is done well and I like the characters within the show, I just don’t think some should be alive yet.
Your breakdown is much more exciting than the show itself.
All you have said is what we could all see by watching the episode. No comments of far off the books or Tolkien’s works this TV garbage is.  Not like your video is sponsored by audible / Amazon
This breakdown is brought to you by audible, just that sentence on its own is gold. I want my personal breakdowns sponsored
I would have gone with you to the end. To the very fires of mordor. But this show sucks!
But why are the harfoots migrating?
Solid episode, much better then the previous 2.
Galadriel doesnt stand out as the one in Lotr, magnificent, powerfull and wise. She feels like a spoiled teen telling others how great she is and she will not hear any arguments and others should just do as she says.
Visually the series is out the gate so good. As for story idk. More to see to judge
This show does not make any sense. I know that it is hard to always be historically correct. But goes to far. The rings were made around SA 1500. Elendil was born in SA 3119. So they will cut 1600 years, just to have Elendil and Isildur in the show. That goes to far
I have nothing against original (non canon) characters, but I don't like the idea of famous characters like Isildur having a sister when he actually doesn't,
"it began with the forging of the great films. threads were given by tolkien, immortal, wisest and fairest of all beings. rights were granted to jackson, great miner and craftsman of the mountain of lore. and nine, nine hours were gifted to the race of men who, above all else, desire quality. but they were all of them deceived, for another show was made. in the land of amazon, in the fires of mount prime, the dark lord bezos forged in secret a master flop. and into this show he poured his money, his greed and his will to dominate all film. one show to ruin them all."
The Stranger better be Tom Bombadil LMAO
Why does the Fellowship of the ring have a picture of woke Galadriel and her little knife?
This show is garbage.. I just finished the first two episodes, I honestly can’t stand to watch any further
What was the point of Nori delivering a page with the star chart to the Stranger? No one learned anything and the only result was to have the Stranger stupidly reveal himself to the Harfoot tribe. I hate it when the plot advances because of stupidity.
Where is mithrandir?(gandalf the grey)😕
When Galadriel climbed up on the scaffold and said “It is a far, far better thing that I do, than I have ever done; it is a far, far better rest that I go to than I have ever known.” The ethical lesson stayed with me my whole life.
Loved this episode. So pleased to see  non-cgi orcs, they look so real and nasty. Epic stuff.
Adar is an elf who will work with celebrimbor to forge the rings of power. And will eventually be revealed as sauron
I am astounded at every episode at the depth of your knowledge. I love that show does not explain things and I love looking up them. Your channel is truly amazing.
I think halbrand will be one of the nazgul eventually. The stranger with the hobbit is probably gandalf. Adar is an elf who we might not see properly for a while and is probably sauron and will work with
All, I apologize if I irritate someone with this question and not trying to involve politics, but why are there so many ppl, esp who lean right keep saying they won’t watch this series bc it’s “woke”? So far I think the series is ok, not great but see no wokeness or anything political with it. I guess maybe these ppl just don’t like Bezos/Amazon?
The shot of Galadriels mad grin on the horse was so cringe.
Man watching you just makes me realize how little I've noticed😔
I'm enjoying the Harfoots, despite being a bit unsure to begin with (like, why are they Irish?).  I think my favourite character in the whole show so far is Poppy.
Consistent quality breakdowns. Awesome stuff NOTR. Subscribed!
I still think they are writing in gandalf or a later mentor of gandalf. They wrote in hobbits. And we all know gandalf is keen to hobbits for some reason. Maybe we are seeing that or a story that is told to him that makes him so fond
sponsored by amazon^^ at least he is honest this time
The Boss harfoot definitely knows more than he admits…still hate this plot line though. Discount Aragorn is going to be Sauron…they are not good enough to make him the witch king. Elendil is 🫶🏻.
I like the show. I know a lot of people are super pissed about it but honestly I think it’s great.
What is the background music sir? I love it. It was also in the previous video.
Best scene in this episode was when Elendil the Tall showed the orcs his rifle and yelled out "THIS IS MY BOOMSTICK!!!"
"UGLY SONIC", perfect.
The show is a joke it spits on his works and his wants. Hell the writing for the show is terrible, hearing the same information repeated 2 and 3 times in slightly different ways, the responses of characters is like what a kid would think. Characters are not themselves at all doing things they never did do as well. It's not even fan fiction, at least fans know!! What would and wouldn't be correct for characters to do and say.
The video is sponsored by Amazon :/
the show is getting stupidier and stupidier, its obvious what kind of people they were trying to lure, but none of them give a rat ass about this. i hope the show fails as it has been doing. , as a run of the mill fantasy show is 5 or 6 at most, worst lead ever and idiotic character all wrap around with a beutifull packaged. also you are way, waaay too optimistic....
This whole thing is a dumpsterfire. Just sad how this characters are portait, childish and constantly angry Galadrial is the worst.
Think your shrill.
But fans love Hanging so let the rest  be.
Numenor looked incredible! Really like this episode.
If sky rock is Handing out time line.
Witch king was human.
Video sponsored by the company that it's supposed to critique?
You can train horse they got some brains. Horse good better  than just  food they companions. Pets friend.
Middle European tale think how horses where  US travel then just food ride faster travel cargo carry weight man carry weight good horse important.  So Galdrierl enjoyment OK.
What a garbage of a story..........they try something but.......till now, they succeded nothing.....
The practical orcs were sooo good too see again
Well tree dead in LorR.
How they going make live story they killed off her husband and Elron she his mother in law.
Hate the hardfoots scenes 🤣🤣
I'd like to say I am a big fan of this channel. I appreciate the insight and the observations. That being said I find some of the comments distracting. "Ask Jeeves" and such paint this show in a light more akin to the rage other so called fans exhibit. While I understand the sentiment I wish this was not part of the dialogue. I come to this channel to get away from the nonsense.
Adar is anathar
Show sucks though. I wish done Galadrierl good. Not sword want see her full magic power let loose. Hobbit she drains herself save Gandolf   so LotR she not full yet healed.
i don’t see any major issue with Halbrand developing a romantic interest in Galadriel, as long as that interest is not being reciprocated. i don’t think he’s Sauron, i think he *might* become the witch king, but if he were, it could also work as a manipulation tactic. but i don’t think it should blossom into an actual romance, not even a tragic one. it should be entirely one-sided if it happens. i think, if i’m not mistaken, she would technically be married to Celeborn at this point in history, but i think it’s good that they changed that, even though i hope we’ll meet him and get a bit of their love story later. but it makes a lot more sense for the show for her to be a free agent right now, not for romantic reasons but because of her mission.
TROP: *introduces Pharazon* Me: *facepalm* Kill him! Kill him now! He will send you all to your doom, you fools! TROP: *replaces Anárion with a girl, thereby making a fool of the entire following events in the story,* Tolkien: *rolls in his grave*
Halbrand is Sauron. In the next episodes we might see Halbrand getting close to Pharazon and sabotaging Galadriel’s ship. Meteor man is either Gandalf, Saruman or Alatar. He will lead the Harfoots to hobbitland and settle them.
This was the best episode so far, but still had some issues. Galadriel still acts like an entitled, petulant child despite being hundreds of years old, and the Harfoots are still doing nothing interesting, but Numenor was interesting. I wish they had gotten taller extras to play the Numenorians, but I can overlook that given that it's probably not easy to find extras averaging 7' in height.   I've been really on the fence on this show, and I still don't have high expectations, but at least Numenor looked incredible and Elendil has been excellent so far, and well-cast. He's definitely been a highlight of the show so far.   It seems like could be trying to set Halbrand up to be Annatar (because I don't recall Sauron ever being referred to as "Annatar" in the appendices, so I doubt they have the rights to the name), but it could be a red herring. He does seem to have some skill in manipulation and swaying people to his side. I guess we'll see.
series is not to bad so far, bit of a slow burn, however i feel the elves died to easily in this episode to basic orcs, well apart from Arondier or how ever you spell it.
Just my observation.  I think the concerns over the “overbearing wokeness” of the series is proving to not be as big of a concern anymore.  I think people are realizing that the diversity aspect doesn’t ruin the experience and story as much as was thought.  I like the series so far and think the storytelling is pretty good.  Not perfect but still interesting and compelling enough to make me want to keep watching.
Woke bullshit.
I'm still new to Tolkien's world, so I don't have a lot to go by in terms of comparison with the book lore. But from what I have seen on this channel, it seems like the show is doing a pretty good job of staying within the bounds of the book material. I do think that in many ways it feels like LOTR fan-fiction, meaning it's not up to Tolkien-snuff. I find warrior Galadriel and the Harfoots rather annoying, and I didn't think we needed another human-elf romance story in Arondir and Bronwyn. Some of the dialogue comes off rather cheesy ("The sea is always right") or more like something from a modern drama than Tolkien. I'm holding out for things to continue to get better and more interesting as they go along, as I feel like they did with episode 2. The scenes with Arondir in this episode were pretty cool. I just hope they keep it to PG-13 with the violence--this episode was pretty graphic.
Halbrand is Sauron I believe
Great one!
I still think Meteorman is their Gandalf. Adar is probably Sauron. Halbrand might be a Variag?
“Ugly sonic.” Yep, that’s pretty accurate
It was the best episode, Numenor looks great and Elendil has been amazing, Galadriel and the Harfoots are a downer so far. Cant wait to see more of Khazad-dum, Elrond and Celebrimbor next episode.
That warg reminded me so much of an exgf’s miniature pinscher, right down to the scraggly teeth, psychotic tongue licking, and bulging eyes.  Oh, and did anyone else notice that this warg was female? And that it’s been nursing? I hope we get to see warg puppies!
Albrand could be the mouth of sauron
Halbrand is definitely the Witch King 🧙 🤴
When did you decide to sell out?
Best of the 3 episodes so far and it’s not even close… save for that ugly ass warg that wasn’t fully completed
This show is better than 95 out of 100 shows that have been out in the last couple years...  Is it jawdropping? The production sure as hell is, but the action is just interesting so far.  I am really enjoying it and and all the hate is a joke. The chick playing galadriel is fine, the new precursor hobbits are fine i guess, the story will bring all these different directions together I'm sure. And hopefully the meteor dude will be a kkin to gandalf or at least connected. I'm happy so far. It's no fellowship of the ring but jackson isn't directing so I give them kudos for being one the better shows out there. I'll watch this all day before i do a second viewing of kenobi, she-hulk or riverdale.
#Boycottringsofpower
Numenor here reminds me of the Minoan civilisation.
It's pretty good.
I'm shocked they drug Galadriel before the queen regent IN HER UNDERWEAR.
For me the third episode was better than the first two (which I found slightly boring). This episode had more action and wasn't afraid to be somewhat gruesome. I just hope Amazon can turn this series around with the remaining five installments.
I’m reaching for the south land kid with the sword is halbrands kid. He has the family sword heirloom and it tasted his blood he’s doomed to be the witchking I think. Halbrand will be conflicted lol.
And, im STILL CALLING IT! THE STRANGER IS SAURON!
Episode 3 is 2/10 dumpster fire.  foul fart stench.
It’s cool to see Numenor in its glory.
The funny thing is that any one who watched Fellowship of the ring knows the conclusion to this particular chapter (watch battle of the last alliance clip). We know Sauron kills Elendil and Isildur falls to the ring, but we also get to have a wider perspective of Elrond’s dismissive attitude towards men in general. However, minutiae aside the fall of Númenor is as good a place as any to start.
So awesome to finally see Númenor on-screen! Massive Middle Earth fan here and am absolutely loving ROP so far. Can't wait to see what happens next!
Orc burning man
So far this is an affront to all things Tolkien.  Even if it were not associated with Tolkien, it still fails to even rise to the level of mediocre on too many fundamental levels.  Pretending this abomination possesses any redeeming qualities is being both disingenuous and conducive to allowing more such disservices to the spirit and legacy of Tolkien's work.   And fair warning, in due course, I for one, will not respect, or remain subscribed to, any channel that attempts to grant credence to this unfolding abomination of a show.  And while it may yet be a bit early to make such a call, I feel it appropriate to note, for I am certain I am not alone in such sentiments.
there were practical fx orcs in hobbit as well... this "return of practical" marketing speak plagues online discourse of films.
its very obvious that you are sponsored by amazon man.  you gotta be up front about that in the video
Honestly this is more entertaining than watching this show
The show is starting to pick up...
When are we gonna get a theoretical vs series? My first request is Fingolfin vs Feanor! Love your channel by the way 😉
I hope Adar is a balrog
My review for episode 3 Pros 1: adar (who im hoping will actually be annatar) looks super promising. If he is sauron he definitely has that fair, elvish look going. 2: the orcs looked amazing, so glad we're back to practical affects. And I love how they implemented the affects of sunlight.  3: I really like halbrand, he is pretty interesting and I really hope he will become the witch king. 4: numanor looks amazing. Its super beautiful and I love the callbacks (or callforowrds?) To the future minas terith. Cons 1: the halbrand x galadriel romance that could happen. I really hope it doesent. As you said it would be kili and tauriel level of bad. 2: it was pretty violent for middle earth. Maybe I'm just not used to it yet but man, that was alot.  3: the harfoots in general kinda annoy me. I don't like being pulled away from the greater story to watch them instead, thought I did find it funny how cutthroat they are.  Overall a pretty good episode.
the show got better, if they were like 90 minutes each, it would be like watching a movie
If hallbrand tries to gather the people from the south, but only gets reunite some, it would make sense that would seek more power from a ring to achieve his goal. Thus, he would become a nazgul. Just a theory.
How many gay trans disabled neurodivergent black wymyn are in this show?
One of the things I am starting to love about the show is how they use historical queues as an analogue for the time of middle earth history we are seeing in the show. When they walked into the "forum" area of the capitol of numenor, the arrangement of the scene gave off a very "School of Athens by Raphael" vibe. Its like the classical world whereas the lord of the rings was hanging out in the renaissance era or so.
Thanks for your work and interpretations.  In the video above you state that Eru Ilúvatar may have acted to cause Gollum to fall into the cracks of doom.  I prefer that Frodo and the ring caused it.   'Down, down!' he gasped, clutching his hand to his breast, so that beneath the cover of his leather shirt he clasped the Ring. 'Down you creeping thing, and out of my path! Your time is at an end. You cannot betray me or slay me now.'  Then suddenly, as before under the eaves of the Emyn Muil, Sam saw these two rivals with other vision. A crouching shape, ... a creature now wholly ruined and defeated, yet filled with a hideous lust and rage; and before it stood stern, untouchable now by pity, a figure robed in white, but at its breast it held a wheel of fire. Out of the fire there spoke a commanding voice.  'Begone, and trouble me no more! If you touch me ever again, you shall be cast yourself into the Fire of Doom.'  The crouching shape backed away, terror in its blinking eyes, and yet at the same time insatiable desire.
Best eps overall, really enjoyed Eps with EandD tho 6 Elves rest men,  Theo weapon I believe they are looking for as well Elendil was cast perfectly and amazing voice  Eps 3 start the Gal change  oh nice ya did catch the puppets scene I think its a baby warg/ early days we have almost over 1000 years to get to the wargs we know in LOTR Well done show wish I knew how to take screen shots of the shot that don't turn black, great job bringing the show and lore and how they tie together and how Character are growing Ill tag ya in a twit with somethng I want ur tho
Did nobody catch Isildurs friends name was Valandil? Which was also his son's name.
Excellent work Mellon! Halbrand=Witch King(in time) Stranger=Anatar(in time) and Galadriel's dagger will end up being Sting(watch and see) I hope that I'm wrong.. I enjoy the show. Nowhere near as much as I enjoy the books. I don't care how much $$ Amazon spends, it will never be as beautiful as the imagery in my head when I read Tolkien.  Stay groovy 🤓 ECTHELION!
Three episodes in and I'm bored of it! I think the lord of the rings trilogy was a solid 9, the games were great 8-ish, I actually liked The Hobbit and would have given it a 6-7, this is a 4 (it's at the point I don't want to watch the next episode), I will keep an eye on the review but unless something awesome happens I'm done...
Elendil is hot
Ugly sonic 😁
Elendil looks like Tommy Wiseau from the room and the guy who played amory lorch in GOT. I can't be the only one who noticed this.
The story title Adar (father) may mean all of Elendil, the father of Isildur, Tar-Palantir, who is only refered to as "father" by Miriel, as well as Adar the servant of Sauron.
My dad was a VFX art designer on the show, and he got to walk around some of the sets. You'd be surprised how much stuff was built. He said the whole Armenelos port was built as well as many streets, the blacksmith was all working and crammed with details. The ship that Elendil was on at the start of the episode was also fully built out. The statue in the scene with Galadriel and Halbrand was also built over many weeks for that one 3-4 second shot. It wasn't just the sets, he said the costumes they made for each character were unbelievably detailed. It was quite nice to hear how much of the sets were actually built and weren't just CGI. Just thought that might be fun to share as I keep hearing how it looks 'fake' or 'like cosplay'. The amount of work put into this show is staggering
Worst part in 3 was the “potential romance” with Halbrand and Galadriel. That was aweful. Reminds me of those cheap cliche scenes on c movies with guy acts all ballsy and trying to seduce the female with his streets-smart snarky attitude.. nasty
I thought the stranger saying friend was a huge Gandalf clue
in as much as i love your optomism and I admit I think the architecture is breathtaking, The overall story is too sluggish and the world feels small and cheap.  (watching a small wooden puppet performance?) Numenor seems too graceful or nice considering that this is the time period when they forsake God and try to find a way to become immortal. They construct large mountains of tombs and shortly after start sacrificing men and women on the altars to appease MORGOTH! The Faithful are executed or sacrificed and they destroy the great tree. Miriel never sided with the unfaithful nor did she hide that she was one of the faithful but they did not kill her because they feared the backlash in the kingdom that it would cause and thought of her as harmless.
This series is actually getting good. I find myself watching it.
I’m loosing interest in this show very quickly. They sure spent a lot of money making something that makes me cringe and roll my eyes more than anything else.
First time seeing this channel , had to check out why so many dislikes , finished watching - now I understand the stretches this guy goes in order to see the positives in the twisting this show makes.
I think the “Stranger” is Gandalf. It would explain his fondness to Hobbits. But we shall see
1:40 in the episode the elves say the orcs are looking for something perhaps that’s why there digging , and It may have something to do with the dagger found in the second episode maybe it’s a beacon for orcs .
Its worse than i thaught! That Huge area destroyed by the orcs…. And no elf was able tô detect from the high towers. Then we got Hobbits that abandon Its partners if they fell behind. How honorable from the ancestors oh Hobbits such as Bilbo, Frodo, Sam, Merry and Pippin. Unbelievable the people behind those Scripts.
I think the Halbarad story could lead to witch king, but if he's Theo's dad, it's possible we can see them be foils, Theo becoming witch king and Halbarad uniting the men of the southlands with the Elves, becoming allies of a sort to Numenor (the Faithful at least) to join in the final battles, the Alliance of Men and Elves? We see a lot of signs that Halbarad admires Galadriel more and more. I could see Galadriel and Halbarad moving Miriel to go to war in the Southlands against the Orcs, since we've seen Miriel and Galadriel already in mounted combat. That could be disastrous for Miriel and give Pharazon a chance to finally secure his power grab, maybe by end of the season?
Why is your video getting so many dislikes ?whats happening man ?
Do we know how far season 1 goes timeline wise? I thought I heard there was multiple seasons, and I don’t think 8 episodes will cut it with all the lore there is to go though.
love this series. can't wait for more.
They did their best to make those Orcs as white as possible
Their looking for the sword the kid has
A+. Great show.
Do you guys think Anarion is older than Isildur in this adaptation? Thats what I assumed after the family discussion
Respect for using the term should it come to pass
This one really turned me around on the series. The Numenor story - like I hoped - has me excited for the next episode. More Elendil and less Harfoots, please.   Glad we felt the same way about Galdriel's galloping scene hahaha
this was BY FAR the most pointless, dull, self-indulgent episode of any show I have ever seen. I felt embarrassed watching this series of minor fetch quests.
Yes. I'm all about the Hobbits in the books but the Harfoots are kind of annoying.  I want the Stranger story to hurry along.  I love the scenery of the different lands and of course, the costumes.  I don't know the history of the LOTR like some people and am happy to just take the series at face value.  My husband knows a lot more and does explain some things as I get characters mixed up but overall I don't have any issue with the series.
Love Elendil and numenor but sure about the stranger though with the harfoots where can he possibly fit in unless he is one of the blue wizards? Halbrand I'm not sure of the witch king theory making sense and not sure how he fits in at all. Loving the orcs and how unlike in Peter Jacksons work they are actually hurt by sunlight
I think Halbrand is the Witch King. They're possibly using him instead of Sauron to cause the fall of Numenor.
Adar is obviously an elf.
What a clusterfuck.
looks like since the show blows, accusations of racism are back on the menu, boys
Okay, first can somebody justify why the harfoots are even a part of this series? Secondly, I am not a fan of cutting to them in this episode. It pulled me out of the dark, serious mood and into a weird vibe where I felt like I was watching a Disney story.
20:13 I wondered how he managed to have enough money by this point.
I don't think the Harfoot elder knowing about the tale of Earendil is such a stretch. The dude literally vanquished the greatest beast ever, on a flying ship, and became a damn star, being talked about ever since, as the beacon of the elves
Incredible show so far. As a Gen-Xer, it's amazing what is on television these days and it kills me that there is so much backlash. I think time will vindicate Rings of Power if it at least keeps up the quality of what we've had so far. As for the episode, I really like Elendil and the actor who portrays him has a lot of presence. As for the hobbit storyline, it's held up for me by the mystery of Meteor Man and the performance of the two hobbit ladies...they do a great job. This show has really increased my interest in Tolkien's world. While I loved Jackson's LoTR trilogy, it was so good and self-contained that I never felt a need to pursue the lore any further. Rings of Power has me itching to read The Silmarillion and The Children of Hurin and has led me to this channel. Thanks for the great content.
I haven’t seen this commented on but I’m so happy this episode showed more blood and just gore. Middle earth is brutal if u really think of it. I know we all agree a lot of stuff that got shows or berserk for example is how these times are.
Am i the only one who thought this episode was way better than the previous ones?
This show is garbage, and an insult to Tolkien’s magnificent work and his world, how can you people not be more critical of this show, are you scared of being canceled?
Kind of disappointed by the numenoreans soldiers costumes. Helmets were good, but armors look so cheap. Not fitting for normal men, much less Numenoreans at the height of their power
found ep2 and 3 kind of boring. don't care about the hobbits.
the orcs remind me of russians
This episode was so dull, I skipped around and watched the Arondir scenes before everything else. It’s so disjointed, nothing prevents you from watching it this way.   This episode was basically three little mini-episodes edited together. A hobbit episode, a Galadriel episode, and an Arondir episode. And only the Arondir part really hooked me. The Galadriel politics aren’t interesting and the stuff with the hobbits was so excruciatingly boring. Felt like I was watching the show in slow motion. Haha.
So Halbrand took the symbol off "a dead man".  Could he have taken it off the real king to hide his identity, thus encouraging Galadriel to bring him back toudfle Earth? Adar kinda smacks of the Witch King.
A thought: not all the Númenorians have the same lifespan that the ones of Elros lineage.  Much of us tend to think of all Númenorians as related to Elros and his elvish lineage.
Don’t hate on the harfoots. Hobbits are a small but big part of this world so even if they’ve added them into this part of the story, it’s a delight. 😊
Breakdown… breakdown, the whole show is a breakdown.
I hope they show Anárion in the next episode because from the way he was spoken about they made it seem like Anárion was older than Isildur.
Being a father myself, I confirm: you do feel like crap after one of those parent moments described in 24:59
shill
Everyone hates the harfoot stuff and I love it!
While I liked the ferocity of the Warg, I didn’t love the CGI rendering. There were moments where it looked weird, like the lighting didn’t match and it looked very superimposed.
Ask Jeeves 😂😂
I dont get all the hate, but this show has been so amazing so far! I dont feel disconnected at all from Peter Jacksons films.
how do you steal a dagger without being detected from someone like that
I liked. This episode. I was totally freaking out when we were introduced to numenor. I just want to explore numenor. I also like the plan of the orcs teraforming Mordor during the second age. Mordor wasn't always the baron desolate land of evil so that's interesting to me of what it was prior
Excellent job, loved all the smaller details you brought light to. Thank you!
25:09 I think Elendil's daughter joining the builder's guild might come up again later in the series. If she is an architect, she might be involved in building the Temple of Melkor. Or since her name means "Daughter of the Sea", she might help build the great armada that Ar-Pharazon uses to attack Valinor! It might be a stretch, but that's my thought on this small detail.
I think in this episode Halbrand acted like he was a video game character with god mode activated. Felt very odd to me.
utter trash.
What is happening to the timeline?  I thought the series began around year 1000 of the Second Age or a bit later.  Celebrimbor hasn't forged the rings yet, which happens circa year 1500, and he dies in 1697.  At the other end of that Age, the life of Miriel and the Downfall of Numenor are happening from year 3255 to 3319.  How can they be alive at the same time? Plus, at that point, everyone knew that Sauron was still alive so Galadriel's quest is strange.  Also, she is suppose to be married to Celeborn and off with him to Eregion (where Celebrimbor resides) before it's fall.  I love many of the plots of the serie but I believe there was suffisant material to write a good story without changing Tolkien's lore.
Isildur was the last of the Majjorls' defiants and therefore he has to eventually become the 1st link to Sauron !.Galadriel must expose it , if not then Sauron would have to give up his shining black petrus (a gift given by the half-foots patriarch) along the way.
"Elendil has one of those dad moments" - that hit way to hard
I like the theory Sauron is Halbrand. It makes sense he has a smithing fetish.
Hey   your channel and your videos arr wonderful... I learn more by watching them rather than the episode itself... now is it only me who believes that they should have picked a better actor to play Galadriel? I just do not think she is a great fit for the role... Other than that,  this whole thing with the Hobbits is a little bit too much for me... Also the scene when Galadriel was so happy because she was just riding a horse seems so much not like her...
Sponsored by Audible....says it all. Count your silver, Judas.
Ok we all know that helbrand is definitely Sauron there is no doubt
Episode 3 has resolved alot of issues, I was so gutted we didn't get numinor in the first episode.
Why isn’t Galadriel using magic in the ring of power, I thought she ist the strongest mage? So annoying 🙄
How do you not like the harfoot story line. I like seeing how Hobbits are to evolve into those who settle down instead of being nomads
I loved Elendil but him meeting Galadriel like this ? Being aware of Sauron's presence and plan so early ? I don't know it feels like they're giving him reasons to move the faithful to Middle Earth way before the rings to organise a resistance. Or at least that's how he should act with this knowledge but that would counter Sauron way too early so he can't do that, Idk I can't see past him not doing anything while knowing so much. By the way I think the stranger is Gandalf (tho I hope not) and they're justifing his love for the hobbits like this
I personally don't mind the way galadriels relationship with halbrand has turned out so far. He is basically an Aragorn type character, running away from his heritage. They do have decent chemistry and they both contribute to their individual characters development. I for one think they wanna set up some sort of tragedy there, with him turning into a Nazgul because of Saurons trechery. That would motivate Galadriel to seek revenge and set her up for Celebron later on.
"the sea is always right" is indeed such a lame slogan. Especially in the world of Middle Earth where everything is so poetic.
Why are most of the elves so bad at combat...this part does not jive with me.
Post a video campaigning for Donald trump and the fan base will forgive you.
i really like how Galadriel's arrogance shines through.  She has that Feanorian energy which dooms the Noldor when they pass Mandos after the first Kinslaying
I died in the ugly sonic
Seems like most of us agree that Halbrand it's definitely a bad guy...  adding a twist to it, what if he's one of the first Rohirim? Starting with his name, his poster has a sword with a horse in the handle. There's a scene of him riding a horse with a spear 👀 just thinking out the box... or how about  the King of the Dead? I'll stop here lol.  BTW I thought Gil Galad was going yo be my favorite character, nevermind ELENDIL!!!⚔️🔥  Another great video!!!!
Audible sponsoring this video makes me doubt about the honesty of your opinion on the series. Sad, I really thought you were the best Tolkien “analyst”. Not a single comment on how they are deviating from the canon…
"The sea is always right" may be a metaphor of the fact that the Númenoreans are forbidden to sail west.
i love how the Orcs use animal skins and skulls almost like environmental suits you'd wear in a toxic environment.
Halbrand is Sauron
(sorry for my bad english) You are such a sell out.  Every thing you teached me from Tolkien contradicts all that we are seeing in this crapy woke show. Im so disapointed with you. This show is shiting in the lore and in Tolkiens work.
So much of the general population is so dumbed down at this point they really have no idea how bad this show really is.  Sad
They said they are searching for something
Sauron was an elf this whole time?
25:20 From this scene I got the feeling that Halbrand could be the King who broke the Oath and become the ghost king from the paths of the dead.But maybe I am thinking this through to much
Galadriel's introduction of herself reminds me of Aragon's to the Rohan, when they 1st met Eomer😊
Cringe of power
I’m kind of bored watching it, Peter Jackson directing made you feel for each death of a character, so moving. This show when they die I’m like ah well move on !
Can we talk about that warg for a second!? That was some of the most cartoonish CGI I've ever seen in a series with this budget. Thing looked like it belonged in a Looney Tunes episode.
your voice sounds just like Red Pen Logic’s voice
Goddamn that Warg scene was absolutely brutal
I really wanted the final battle had Jeff Bezos yelling "YOU PAID FOR THIS"
As it happened with the other two, I had to watch it twice. The first bored me, the second improved the experience, lol. Apart from that, "what is dead may never die" was already taken, so they had to accept "the sea is always right". GoT's is obviously an influence, but well used. Halbrand Bourne might be the who will help Sauron create the One ring, seeing hot Celembrimbor already has a job in Shadow of Mordor. It's hard to guess where these new characters might be going. The videogames might perfectly be a source of inspiration.
Elon Musk thinks Galadriel is “nice”?  She’s many things, some honorable, but not “nice”.  Arrogant, single-minded, and a pretty poor leader.  Brave, laser focused and a tenacious fighter.  But not nice.
Hmmm 🤔 the Sauron Theory is really appealing. Halbrand is Sauron in disguise! That would be really nice and a callback to what we see in the shadow of Mordor games! Nice!
pharazon will usurp the throne from the Queen
I really enjoy this channel and Tolkien in general but you have sold out to Amazon.
Really appreciated Galadriel's horse riding scene because it allowed her to show off a different aspect of her personality. She's constantly tense and "high voltage", it was great to see her unwind at least for a moment.   Harfoots attitude towards people who fall behind made sense imo even if it does sound harsh. Everything in their approach to life is about hiding, staying on the well trodden path and not sticking their necks out, just listen to their festival chant. Loved the camouflage on their carts and hats.
When the “Meteor-man” looked at the constellation map, do you think that was also a reference to Mordor? I am just thinking that this series also needs a wizard and that “Meteor-man” is a blue wizard that is going to easternmost parts.
Hahahahahaha you have got to be kidding me! You shill for the series, and you are magically sponsored by Audible now who are owned by Amazon ! You absolute joker mate.
Elendil is definitely the best character. No surprise since Aragorn is my favorite LOTR character. Great episode, really enjoying the series so far.  Enjoying that I don’t know the lore a ton yet so I can’t be disappointed by that until I enjoy the show for what it is first 👍🏻
30 minutes to breakdown an episode that had absolutely nothing happen of any note
I will freak out if we dont get some kind of Tom Bombadil character....🥺
Love your channel. I predict you will grow a lot in the coming months with the series and explanations. Thanks for all the hard work !
The best scene this episode in my opinion was when Darth Vader told Galadriel I am your father , it really made me emotional 😭
Dear Mr Nerd, you ask what do I think of this episode. Let's begin with what I like. Almost everything, the physical and human geography of ME and Numenor - stupendous. The hints at the history of Arda through statues etc - commendable; The depiction of the different races and their cultures in their costumes and buildings - glorious, clever and nod inducing; The hints at the racism that exists in Tolkiens writings ... between elves and everybody else, between high men and low men etc very brave in this day and age and also commendable; The acting and portrayal of characters - of a very high standard; and the over all portrayal of ordinary life in ME and elsewhere, well thought out; Laughed out loud in episode 2 at the portrayal of Durin and his wife and kids as a Scottish working class family - loved it and the majesty of Khazad Dum. Very well done the designers of all of this:  Your insightful synopsis of these programs pointing out many of these things and more is highly impressive. Indeed I have listened to many of your offerings and find then deeply insightful and a joy to listen too; well done and many thanks.   I really, really, really, want to enjoy this visual offering as I loved the similar portrayal of ME by Jackson et. al. that came before. BUT, BUT BUT BUT, Am I the only person who can see the utterly crass flaw in this story line? How have you not mentioned it?  Allow me to enlighten. Year 1200 Second Age Sauron endeavours to seduce the Elder......                                         Year 1500 SA The Eleven Smiths instructed by Sauron reach the height of their powers.... They                                                                           begin forging the rings of power.                                         Year 1590 SA The Three Rings are completed in Eregion.                                         Year 1600 SA Sauron forges then ring in Orodruin. Now remember everybody we haven't come across any of these rings of power yet in any of the first three episodes.                                               Year 3035 Tar Palantir born. ........ ruled for 78 years until his death in 3255.... He had no son but his daughter MIRIEL.... was taken to wife by AR PHARAZON. They both died in the downfall in the year 3319.  Elendil and his sons all born in the fourth millennium of the second age; need I go on?   After the first two episodes, despite the lack of dates I was pretty sure we were somewhere in the first millennia of the second age. Now we are at least 2000 years on and getting pretty close to the end of it, and not a hint, other than Celbrimbor's musings to Elrond about creating "Real Power", that the rings have even been thought about, never mind started. WILL SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON? Have I missed something that will explain this?  I'm not a Tolkien snob. I can put up with the mild corruption of story lines, or the omission of characters such has happened in Jackson's work, to a certain degree. But this just seems like nonsense.   Yours sadly, Mick the hick from the sticks - HUGELY DISAPPOINTED.   Oh yes one other thing I agree with you on. The sooner those hobbits learn to dig holes and lock themselves within for the next 3000, or is it 5000 years, the better. I wonder if the Irish are insulted by their accents.🤔Or are they West Country.🤔   Good thing they're not Geordies otherwise there'd be hell on.😊  Namarie😘
Completely forgot about the Pirate Code. Apt comparison. Captain Sparrow was a hobbit/harfoot confirmed??
Кольца власти - 3 заход...! Ещё больше канона пустили в расход! Но надежда на лучшее не даёт в нём разувериться...: " - Но что-то слабовато верится!"
Someone on reddit suggested that Halbrand is the king of the men in mountains who betrayed their oath to isildur and were cursed
The part with the stick stabbingn was really dumb.
Thank you for your Breakdown of the rings of power ..... I am visually Impaired  and cannot see too much that is going on in the series , on TV..... But with your breakdown, Everything falls into place ...........Never stop please  Thanks Again
The ugly sonic killed me 🤣
I watched episode 3 of rings of power last night. It was worse then the first two attempts, if that is even possible. It was like being water boarded.
If you have to explain what a show is about, then the show is a nonsensical piece of crap.  Shill away, it'll still be crap.  Lousy acting, even worse writing and an occasional good CGI scene, but others that are pretty damn awful.  If you're shilling this, then you aren't pushing Tolkien, as this has almost nothing to do with him, but does have everything to do with the political narrative.   An unqualified piece of garbage,   that will be forgotten, but Tolkien's masterpiece will go on, Peter Jackson adaptation will be remembered as a cinematic triumph and those that shill this, will be forgotten, just like this show.
I, who read Tolkien's books with love, hate this series. Galadriel, who is a thousand years old, seems like a stubborn and fanatical little girl against the race of elves, and in this short-sightedness it is shown that she considers the land of Nomenor as a gift from elves and despises humans. Only the high cost is not the criterion for the superiority of a series, this series has a story writing problem. God bless Peter Jackson's father, who didn't spoil Tolkien's world. It's a pity that HBO didn't make this movie.
This show isn’t diverse enough. Where are the transsexual Papua New Guineans? Where are the dwarves who identify as Elves with “they/them” pronouns? I’m outraged. This is not progressive at all. I’m going to drown my sorrows in Lindon Chocolates and bourbon🥃 💨 💩
Elendil! Love the character portrayal so far and costuming as well. I found Numenor quite beautiful. This episode, I feel, is much better that the first two episodes. I still really kind of just wish Galadriel would go away-I still really dislike what they did with her character so far in this series. The whole Harfoot/hobbit deal I still have no interest in-despite the stranger who fell from the sky. Maybe I'm just too lazy to wade through all the nonsense to find out who he is and what he is about. I am quite interested in Arondir and loved the scenes he was in. Arondir is clearly being set up as being a hero of the series and I'm good with that (as long as the written dialogue improves). There may be hope for this series yet.
I was looking for a breakdown that talked about Elf dude getting shot in the end. Are there humans that are in league with the orcs above ground, if you look at the arrows they looked like they were green tipped so is it worse are there more fallen elves alongside Adar
I think this was a very good episode. It’s getting better as it goes.
Halbrand being Sauron is not a theory, it’s a leak.   In episode 8, Galadriel will confront Halbrand because his story about being King of the Southlands doesn’t check out.  He will then say “I have been awake since before the breaking of the first silence. In that time, I have had many names.” And then he vanishes.  I think this show sucks and is going to continue to suck.
I also think halbrand becomes the witch king.
If you want more suggestions that Halbrand is Sauron, in Old Norse - which Tolkien quite consistently used in place of the language of the Northmen - "halbrand" might mean something like "man-fire".
Correct me if I'm wrong - which I probably am, for my Tolkein nerdery is sorely lacking - but isn't this supposed to be around 1400 or so years before Isildur is born?  I mean, I was pretty sure Sauron got to play with his One Ring for a few centuries before Isildur got it off him.  So, does Isildur really have any business being in this show?
Isn't it a little weird that now Orcs are suddenly white, despite never being described as such by Tolkien?
Can we just take a moment and realize that when Galadriel was talking to Miriel she said that Elendil had saved her from “certain death”. They broke the show in the first episode already.  Everything after that is dumb.  Galadrieldumbass LATTERLY IN HER OWN WORDS JUMPED TO HER CERTAIN DEATH.
"AND MY AXE WOUND"
Galadriel naming all of her family and connections wasn't just pride, it was an attempt at self-protection, which was ALSO what Halbrand was doing  by NOT naming his family nor connections. I thought that that juxtaposition was very interesting.  Also, your breakdowns are fun and interesting, and when you give a little sassy opinion, I usually find myself saying "same." Well done, as per usual! :)
OH LAWD DEM RANGZ
Why is there no Asian and Arab elves?
I just saw a toxic character called 'galadriel' experiencing a serious identity-crisis. It has nothing to do with the actual story. Amazon managed to completely ruin and kill my favourite character in the storyline. Maybe Amazon should have invested half their stupidly huge budget on hiring some decent writers and create a new world instead of using the name for some easy money-grab.
So- I liked the episode!  Sure, I guess not a lot a lot but solidly. I noticed maybe a few more eye roll gestures in your recap and I wonder if you found this episode  a bit disappointing to you... or whether we are kind of on the same page where as we get used to the series we are able to find things silly (Galadriel's "did you say ride?") without it really threatening our experience of the whole? Personally I would say this is probably my favorite of the 3 episodes- 1 was definitely the most problematic for me (though I still found a lot to be at least ok with) 2 seemed better, 3 with its greater focus on mean and Elendil and the Halbrand thing was slightly better- or maybe im just just adjusting. I definitely had the reaction you did to getting back to the harfoots initially.... but it was kind of dispelled by the image of Harfoots as these strange sort of proto humans with oppressive superstitions to help them cope with being powerless in a big world.... Overall I think the harfoots are being done pretty well... and i think thats actually a bit worthy of celebration in that i think every big Tolkien fan i can think of would have been against it in theory.... and we were (maybe?) wrong...maybe... it is doing some kind of important work to keep the story from flying off in an all grandiose all the time direction and i think even if it feels annoying in the moment its not JUST a mistake on that note  There are a few things about the series that I think are going really well (SO FAR)  1- The Arondir story line- sure, its simple and actiony but for a series only character who engages in elf human romance and is black (two things people were pre disposed to question) I find it working quite well and being compelling- I also like the Orcs more than in LOTR- they are very similar talking with their cockney accents etc but they are a bit scarier and more fleshed out as bad creatures rather than just 'the cannon fodder who works for the bad guy".... although they may just become that 2- the stranger, Adar, Halbrand dynamic.... clearly they are keeping us of balance while dropping hints on purpose and i think thats been great .... we maybe reaching the end of this dynamic a bit in the next couple episodes as is does seem like we are headed towards a straightforward- Adar is Souron, Halbrand is the Witch King, The Stranger is Gandalf (or maybe some other good guy but probably Gandalf?) sort of thing but there is still room for that to twist I agree that Halbrand is probably best placed as the witch king (although somehow i thought he was from the north) but I do kind of like the idea of Sauron being THIS relatable (its dangerous territory but its interesting) the smithing thing is definitly in there specifically to make book fans perk up their ears the only thing is that I would find Adar as Sauron a bit disappointing (we will see how it goes) but i liked the idea of us meeting and maybe liking Sauron without knowing him (as will happen to character's in the story) before realizing The Stranger is Gandalf thing (if its a thing) I get why people would be bothered but i actually think it has some power.... Gandalf the White and Gandalf the Grey were/are kind of different characters and one way of looking at that (i guess) is to imagine that Eru sort of boosted gandalf when he sent him back.... another though is that Gandalf the Maiyar came into the world as an otherworldly spirit with a big picture mission and sort o got transformed and humanized by his contact with the world.... choosing through is innate goodness to become smaller and kinder (finding himself becoming that through the mixing of his nature with the world).... and then kind of getting back to his original self- while retaining some of his human scale feeling and wisdom) for Gandalf the white... Looked at this way I think it would be cool to see Gandalf (because of his particular good and responsive nature) sort of morph from a single minded missionary set to combat Sauron to someTHING that chooses to do that THROUGH guiding and caretaking the men and hobbits on middle earth... 3- like you say I like Elendil- people will maybe complain that hes being undersold (he was of the original royal line and on the kings council) but i like the idea that (a bit Aragorn like) he has a higher background that he is kind of setting aside for the moment and that others are sort of aware o but are dismissing/ignoring in the current political climate.  I am curious how they deal with Numenorians long life
Please sort out your grammar, or get someone to proof-read your scripts before you record them.
what if Halbrand became the witch king
"THE SEA IS ALWAYS RIGHT" Lol wtf ahahahaha
Loving this show
As a whole I think this was a good episode. I really like the original characters and the expanding on certain storylines.  However with only 5 episodes left, and reviews that don't give me hope for a s2, they have been wasting a tonne of screentime so far with the stranger and the hobbits. It has to pay off in a big way soon. There isn't enough screen time to waste a third of every episode on hobbits and a man who barely speaks.
I don't think Halbrand is Sauron, I am 99% sure they are setting him up to become the witch king. Uniting his people, and driving the orcs back thinking they have won. Only to find out the rings were a trick. I think it all just fits really well.
I think people are being overly critical, I'm enjoying watching it, I love the world Tokien created, and want to see as much as possible. So far, besides a black elf, and the annoying elf woman, it's not been too 'woke,' and I hope it stays that way. Am looking forward to more action though.
I think when she says they should redeem both of their bloodlines, she is maybe talking about jumping off the ship back to Valinor. I think she's trying to justify why she would do that perhaps.
I'm very excited to see the elves in full force after watching them take down a bunch of orcs while exhausted, malnourished, unprotected, and lacking any decent weapons. They're at the height of their strength in the SA, I just hope we get to see them let loose in a sustained battle, similar to the unmatched kill counts of Mirkwood in the Battle of the Five Armies.
EARN those Bezos bucks man.
Really disappointed. Been a fan of your work for a long time, but when you get sponsored by Amazon(as they own Audible) i draw the line. I cant watch anything of your content regarding ROP, because i fear wont get an honest opinion from you regarding the show. Wish you all the best.
this show so fawking ghay lol
If this is before LOTR. What happened to all the black people because they sure as hell weren’t in the movies?
The Harfoot forest whatever is a nod to mumming in traditional English culture.   Also the Warg is not ugly sonic. It's the great ancestor to every chihuahua that's ever lived.
This episode is a great cure for insomnia.  Hopefully you fall asleep before the harfoot's true nature is revealed, or you will have nightmares of dying after being left behind.
I didn't see Halbrand's comment as awkward, he was clearly defusing the tension that was about to explode between the Numenorians and Galadriel, he even comments on this second chance he's getting after that implying he was just looking out for them both, especially when he returns her knife.
Basically agree, thought the elven gymnastics were over the top, not as terrible as Gals one woman troll take down but still. Really really hope they are not making halbran the dark lord. And no question the queen will turn out good. One of the many bad things about the forced diversity push is you can always immediately pick plot points as for example they would never make a strong poc woman bad. Tired tired token story line staple at this point. Much like ... Religious figure = bad or hypercritical ... Every time like clockwork. Fine every now and then, but it's literally every Hollywood script anymore. They're too afraid to do anything but throw parts to people then walk on eggshells and change the script out of fear, resulting in almost genetic plot predictions.
This supposed green smoke is actually yellow and could be sulfur. We know there will be explosions later. So I think the Orcs might experimenting with a rudimentary kind of bomb making. Sulfur with magnesium in a large amount is very reactive
Thank you for making these!  I’ve read many of the Tolkien books, but I haven’t kept it all in my head.  Adding context, unknown details, and theories is truly helpful and welcomed.  Thank you!
Episode three confirmed what I kind of concluded by episode two. The Harfoot storyline is a complete waste of time. Strip the Harfoots out and you’ve got a mostly compelling storyline, but right now, the Harfoots are a momentum killer. Absolutely needless time-filler for the sake of “female Frodo” that no one asked for.
Didnt aee it yet but looks like they r strechingggggg the time like a gum and viewer are borred.
Im starting to think think Adar is the Witch King pre Nazgul and Halbrand is either Khamul or a different pre nazgul.  i enjoyed this episode more than the first 2 but still on the fence on it.  Galadriel character is just butchered to much for me to enjoy any scenes with her.
I absolutely love your breakdowns! You are so knowledgeable and you make me enjoy the little things even more :) there's so much detail in the show. Wish more people appreciated it. I'm absolutely loving it
I wonder if we will sea dragons or krakens
This shows got to pick up cause it's starting to suck.
Wait, so is Adar Sauron or someone else? I got the impression from this video that Adar = Sauron but also maybe Halbrand = Sauron? Which is it?
Something else I'm growing more convinced of, Halbrand is the oath breaker. He might equally be the witch king, but there's no history of the witch king knowing Isildur, while there is the King of the mountain men who swore to the stone of Erech knowing him.
I liked the dry humour in this video (about Google Image search, meteor man being an idiot), giving a context in the Tolkien universe and the educated guesses. Keep it up! best LOTR channel on YT imo
What do you mean with "cutthroat" harfoots? They should stop whining and pull themselves up by their bootstraps!
Personally both scenarios of Halbrand "failing to achieve what Aragorn tried" or him being a villain we know (possible witch king) are pretty good. I'd love if he ends up being a known evil figure.  Also, this episode was my favourite so far and was the one that made me wonder how the things will work out the most
I’m surprised you didn’t think or mention a theory of Adar being Annatar. As soon as I saw the gauntlet and the blurry image, I felt certain that it’ll be Annatar. It makes too much sense to me.
Bro could u pls tell me the name of the background music !!
To anybody who's reading this, I pray that whatever is hurting you or whatever you are constantly stressing about gets better. May the dark thoughts, the overthinking, and the doubt exit your mind. May clarity replace confusion. May peace and calmness fill your life. ❤Please Click My Name If You need More Of This❤
I'm worried because I thought the first 2 episodes were so boring but that we were getting somewhere. Episode 3 is still, so so boring. Amazon is gonna regret not fully utilising the 2nd ages timeline. Why on earth is Elros still alive? Are most of the old men on Numenor veterans of the war against Morgoth? Why haven't they taught their children properly?
2:35 this is another overlooked sin. Numenoreans are the most noble race of men in the first age. they should all be taller and stronger and even more presentable. no way this guy should be able to take them, and if he does, it should be an OBVIOS hint that he is more than he seems. stupid. these people know nothing
It was just a thought… but Halbrand mentions that he is descended of the King of the Southlands. He says that one his distant ancestors made a blood oath to Morgoth, and interestingly when Theo pulled the broken sword out and the cut on his hand trickled blood to the blade and it started reacting. Just begs the slight question if Halbrand is the father of or a relative of Theo’s? Obviously all conjecture and way too early to tell but who knows
Why did they have to make Galadriel's character so insufferable???
I totally agree with you this episode needed more time Númenor. I was flat out annoyed with the harfoot thing. I’m really just struggling to understand there significance to this age.
Your breakdowns are amazing!
"The sea is always right" seems like a bad motto of a GOT house lmao
I think adar is an elf........
How about less summary and more delving into the references to the Lore and their significance. I watched the episode. You don't need to repeat exactly what happened. Also,when are you going to stop complaining like a spoiled toddler about the direction of possible direction of the show? If you don't like the show, then don't watch it.
In my opinion. This was the worst episode so far. That warg looks awful.
This show makes the hobbit movies better and those movies sucked
I really want to like this show and I think it deserves time but it's been pretty boring so far The dirty hobbits kind of bug me too.
Bullshit Show...
Thank upu for these break downs so I don't have to watch the Show. 😁👍
Criticisms of the show that directed towards the writing, I believe will fade in the years to come, if and when this show gets a second season, people who desire the show to be ‘pure Tolkien’ do not understand that, within the limits the show runners have, that would no be possible. Even what Tolkien wrote, it was only an outline. This first season is going to do stuff that is only mentioned in one sentence in the books, because they need to. For example, Sauron did take over Mordor during the second age. We are not told in detail how, so we have to watch the Arondir storyline, that the show runners have made in order to find out why. It would be a idiotic idea to start the show with Sauron in his fair form visiting the elves in the first few episodes because we would not know the characters, the connections. Why should we care about Elrond or Gil-galed if we don’t see them before hand. The further this show goes on, the more of Tolkien’s actual writing we will see, and when I say that, I mean to say, the writing people want to see, such as the forging of the rings. The criticism of the timeline is valid, however, from a production standpoint it makes sense, and from what I can gather, it is just the telling the two major story’s of the second age (the forging of the rings and the flood) in a close amount of time. New characters are needed to flesh out the events that Tolkien writes about, that is why we get characters like Arondir, in the Southlands. Durin the IV, and others. The only issues I have a major issue with are Galerial and the Harfoots, the former I find to be ok, as it is establishing the relationship between men and elves, but I do not enjoy where the story is going, and the Harfoot’s, whilst I find some characters charming, I just think are dedicating screen time away from more interesting stories. Waiting to see what happens will be the best course of action, criticism against a character like Halbrand are invalid until the season is over. The way he is going, might make him a character that becomes a fallen hero, which would be interning, if he becomes the witch king.
this episode was not as good as 1 and 2. i havent read any of the books but i know some tolkien lore thanks to channels like this. but isnt elendil and isildur much later in SA?
I think that the Harfoots - unless improved in future episodes - risk becoming the Ewoks of the Rings film series.
I watched all three episodes with my sister. She's seen the movies way back but doesn't care much for them. I've read the Unfinished Tales last winter for the nth time.  She says that Galadriel is kinda bitchy, keeps asking me which one is Frodo whenever the story switches to Hobbits and thinks that Elendil is hot. She thought that Morgoth and Sauron are one and the same until the last episode and is convinced that the "bad boy" Hallbrand is either of them. She tends to smirk when elves speak. All in all, she thinks that the show is not GoT but still pretty OK and enjoyable. For me, this was painful to watch. I could go on a rant as for the reasons why, but it wouldn't be anything that already hasn't been noted. "I've seen the moon And the first sunrise I'll leave it to the memories And kiss the wind goodbye For the Eldar I'm trapped inside this dream Of the Eldar's Song of doom"
This channel is about the show not the books right ?
Honestly.. despite it moving along slowly, I absolutely LOVE this series. It's 100% not like the books but... the fact that this has been in the works for years, I am very much invested and look forward to the journey ahead.
“Puppeteering their fan fiction to the crowd” - Amazon’s approach so far.
Also we didn't see the Ring of Barahir. Shouldn't it be with Elendil? Maybe like Narsil that too has been castaway for awhile?
Best episode so far.
Boromir Treatment 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I feel that Halbrand may be The Ghost King (can't remember his name) but The Witch King would be so cool, he needs to gain one of the rings of men then haha  I also think Adar is gonna be The Mouth Of Sauron, or at least some kind of Elf or Maiar
Not interesting. Not made well. Not written maturely. And way too far from Tolkien. So why bother? Why waste ‘precious’ time?
What's with this 9-5 the orks are pullin? Wouldn't it be common sense that they would cage their captives during the day and force them to work at night? It's annoying that Galadrial is such an entitled douche, but gets upset when she doesn't get her way. To give credit where credit is due, I never knew that all I wanted was close up slow motion if a horse running on a beach. #whoneedsastoryline
Slowly but surely, as is apparent, the ratio will be overturned
Audible, your sponsor, is owned by Amazon. Is this a coincidence or perhaps the reason why a lore master such as yourself is not giving their true opinion on the very substantial deviations from Tokien’s written lore and the overall poor writing of the show / its characters.  I’ve loved this channel for a long time and your authenticity but it’s hard for me to not see this for what it is.
At 6:30, you say "the Argonath have their arms out in defiance of their enemies," but I always looked at it as a different sort of warning. Immediately after the Fellowship passes them, we see the top of the waterfall with a spire-shaped stone in the center; the same waterfall that Boromir's funeral boat goes over.   Admittedly it's way over the top for a "Dead End, No Exit" kind of street sign, but that was always my interpretation of that particular monument in Jackson's "Fellowship."
I do wonder... Each time this is sponsored by Audible. Audible is owned by Amazon. Amazon created this abomination; is that why Nerd of the Rings cannot give fair/harsh critics for what they do?
I can’t do this anymore, I said I would give it a season before casting real judgement, but I’m already throwing up, this is really bad.
Almost positive the "stranger" that nori helps is Sauron. Which sucks but makes me wanna re-read the silm
Everyone in the hall is eyes on the two of them and he steals the dagger, and gives it to her.
Can't believe your doing breakdown for this woke and stupid show Where's the Unsubcribed button lol
Not really sure how I feel about the burning of the skin when orcs are exposed to sunlight I mean they aren’t vampires Gandalf just mentioned that they have no love for daylight so Sauron shaded them with his sorcery in Return of the king but they fought in daylight frequently
Why is  she so short
TERRIBLE casting
Galandriel is super unlikable.
I love how the non Elven cities/kingdoms are introduced to us firstly through an Elven perspective. Arondir for the Southlands, Elrond for Khazad Dum and Galadriel for Numenor. Signifying the longevity of the Elven life and the true rapidity of changes happening in the world that do not conform to their pace of life.
I started watching the show thanks to this channel. I watched each episode and then came here to watch the companion video. His commentary is insightful and funny. Amazon should pay him money for this great work. He is a true super fan!
An Amazon original series reviewed by someone sponsored by an Amazon company... I am sure I'll get an objective critique of the series here!
Adar is an Elf who has been corrupted and leads the Orcs of the Southlands.  Leaks from the show’s set detail how Adar could be seen alongside a mysterious and intimidating hooded character who could be the real Sauron, with Adar being one of his lieutenants.  In the Elvish language of Sindarin, ‘adar’ translates to ‘father’ so the Orcs referring to him by that name could mean that he is their creator.  During the film adaptation of The Fellowship of the Ring, we learn from Saruman that the Orcs were once Elves who were so badly tortured and mutilated that they eventually became the wretched creatures we see now.  Adar could be working for Sauron and helping to build up his forces in the Southlands in preparation to reveal his presence fully or to distract from his secretive plans elsewhere in Middle-earth, such as arranging for the creation of the Rings of Power.  However, an alternate theory suggested that Adar could indeed be Sauron and the hooded figure is actually one of the Nazgul (Ringwraiths) who served Sauron after being corrupted by the Rings of Power – although, none of the Rings of Power have been created in the series’ timeline just yet, which makes this theory unlikely for the time being.  Taking on the role of Adar is English actor Joseph Mawle.
I am sick of the trope of a lone hero being harassed by a group of dudes in a bar to later get those dudes beaten up to show how tough the hero is
Hey man I really love your channel I’ve been following for over a year now! I’ve read the silmarillion by hand & through audio book but I’ve never read any full LOTR books but I have seen all movie adaptations. Just wanted to see what you thought on my input regarding Halbrands identity. Idk exactly who he is but my gut tells me he’s a good guy & it would be interesting to see him turn dark & betray Galadriel but overall I do believe he will play out to be a good guy. What do you think? @nerdoftherings
Well maybe I would love it if Amazon pays me to love it, like they do this channel.  Nerd of the rings is a money grabbing fake fan. Sad how some people fall.
This was clearly very... "Unbiased" review.. Mr."nerd of the rings" lmao
you know it is weird that a nomadic society would abandon those who cant keep up. Because most of the otl nomads were well known for taking care of their members even if they were weaker. I am just saying, Tolkien would have never made blunder like that when making society.
Even though we got some action, the episode seems to lag and there's no logic in them being pissed she's an elf, then letting her wander around.  On the positive side, that was a nasty and well done little fight scene with Halibrand. Bloodier than what you'd thing from  LOTR but stopping short of the over the top gore of GOT, well done.
The whole map reveal with Galadriel was dumb. Even I knew it looked like Mordor and I'm not even from Arda.
The show really took off for me with the third episode, could always be "better" but all in all fantastic job of bringing the world to life.
The Island Kingdom... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... .... of Númenor.
You actually watching this... yeeesh
Arondir got off easy, I was already thinking "look like meat's back on the menu boys!"
Now I see why Nerd of the Rings is so respectful of this series. He's employed by Amazon.
I like elements of the third episode but...I'm so bored with the story. I can't get emotionally invested in any one character because it just cuts all the time. I wish they'd released the full season at once so I could binge it and keep the continuity. I'm not writing it off and I'll keep watching but I'm wary about how the actual writing is going to play out. At least everything else is great.
Well I suspect this show is to vapid to have Halbrand be the Witchking...it would be an interesting twist but I highly doubt it .
It's like Amazon didn't read, or care about, any material or want to make money. This whole production is just a tax break for Jeff Bezos. Because there's a whole epic story about the rings and the numenorean settlements and the war between elves and Sauron and how the numenoreans helped to defeat him.  Then there's the Akallabeth the downfall of Numenor. Which is also epic and can be stretched out to several seasons.
Loving these breakdowns. Great job. I’m loving the show and I even enjoy seeing the pre-hobbit folk.
Hoping halbarand is khamul 🙏
I can't help but see aragorn when I see halbrand; something about him....
Thought StarMan was going to heal the harfoot at the end, interested with how that character develops
Technical aspects of this episode are impressive. Writing is mediocre, rambling. Gives the feeling of superficial knowledge of Tolkien's World. Bayona was better in the first 2 episodes as a director.
So far this has been my favorite episode. There are still have some things I really don’t enjoy and see a lot of creative liberties, but for the most part I’m intrigued.  Also, Númenor was great!
its pretty spectacular how such a cool story can somehow be adapted in such a boring way
Personally, I loved this episode as much, if not more, than the first two. Unlike yourself, I do like the Harfoots story and I relly feel for Nori, I think she's a wonderful character. I understand that the timelines wouldn't be correct with regards to Tolkien's writings, but I am leaning more and more to the meteor man being Gandalf. I'm totally open to being wrong about it, but that is my guess. As with the first two episodes I can fault nothing in this episode. I feel that given the constraints regarding rights to material the writers are doing a great job, and have created a beautiful fantasy series with the heart of Middle Earth at its very core.
Potential Spoilers, Theory; In the trailers from a future scene we see Tar-Miriel show Galadriel a Palantir. I do not know the connection between the stones and the character Tar-Palantir, but my theory is as follows.  Tar-Miriel assumes she still communicates with him through the stone when in reality it is Sauron on the other end From what I recall this would not be canon because iirc Sauron does not acquire a palantir until after the fall of Cirith Ungol. I would say it could be a possible shift in lore for the show's sake though as we've seen that they are trending toward poetry, "It rhymes". So they could just have the whole scene of someone thinking the palantir is safe to use, but then "ONOES" Galadriel puts her hand on it and see's evil Sauron! Some examples so far are Halbrand is basically the story of Aragorn refusing to be king until he changes his mind and decides to be king, Gandalf is just some old crazy guy to the hobbits but secretly a wizard, Arondir is in love with a human and will forsake everything to be with her, there's an ancient evil dagger that has a map to the location of where the evil sorcerer will build his domai... o wait, oops, wrong universe.... or is it?!~?
It's heartbreaking seeing someone I respected not speak vigourously against a series that distort and disrespect Tolkien's Work, and for those half-witted shortsighted #$@&€€¥ who brings progressiveness as an excuse for everything, the race of any actor or actress doesn't even matter (and of course it isn't that actor/actress fault), at this point they could've cast a black actor/actress for elrond, gil galad or galadriel and would be the same result, a totally boring, nonsensical and wasted opportunity of a tv show
Really can’t express how helpful these videos are for me. Not only do they help me better understand major story drivers, but I think noticing and appreciating the minute details put into the show make it so much more interesting to watch. Also your subtle humor is incredible
I think halbrand has now overtaken Theo as fore runner for the witch king . Sure Theo has the fire sword , but he's so young and shows no chance of becoming a king . Halbrand is my guess for king witch
The writing on this episode took a step down compared to the first two episodes. I got a soap opera vibe a number of times during this episode.
So sad to see such a great channel that I believed not only one of the most "topic informed" but also faithful to original material, falling into the category of the "sell outs"...... Sponsored by Audible? really? will your review be 100% unbiased from now on? sorry, used to be one of my favourite subscriptions, not anymore. Far more unbiased and true reviews of ROP out there guys, worth looking around. "Disparu" is one of many that make sense and stick to the true issues with this pile of Garbage NotR and AMAZON are trying to maintain afloat
Do normal beings (not elves) know of the existence of Numenor at this time?
How about the horse riding scene lol
I was reading the fellowship of the rings  and send that there are werewolf
Halbrand has good chance of beeing Sauron.
There are actually many aspects of the show I have come to really like and the practical effects are beautiful. I agree fully that this episode would have been better without so much tedious storyline with the hobbits…sorry harfoots. I would have loved to see a whole series just on the beginning of the hobbits, that would make me more interested in the stranger  and even the hobbits as a whole. They take away from the main story too much for me. I also enjoyed the story enough, until this third episode where it completely took me out of the rest of the show. Love the videos and the smaller details I hadn’t caught the first time through. Didn’t even see the bird next to the statue of Earendil. Such a wonderful detail!!!
You have to be brain dead to enjoy this show!  Literally same episode- 1. Everyone stays on the path, nobody left behind... sorry back of the line and too bad if you're left behind. 2. Galadriel showing up in a prison... not underguard, and somehow randomly finds out about his arrest while she isn't at the capital. 3. Orc arrows directly hitting the escaping Elf while all of the Orcs are in the 'trench" and hate sunlight. 4. 1st Age Elves who fought in the War of Wrath getting captured and not seeing the clearly obvious tunnel work and destroyed landscape. 5. Galadriel not showing appreciation for being rescued from the Sundering Sea and inciting violence while confronting the Regent Queen. (Not her character at all) 6. Be honest with yourselves, the writing is awful and you know it.
On a linguistic side note, Tolkien knew the word "elf" is derived from the Germanic word *ALBI which is from the Latin word Albis for "river bed". Old Norse river name Elfr, Swedish älv "river", Norwegian elv "river", Old English river name elf, and Middle Low German elve "river-bed", which also seems to have had the colloquial name for the "river people", like it's twin in Old English "Wik" (which meant "creek"), and later became the name for the people who lived and spread up the river, the "Wikings"...better known today as the Vikings.  So it's nice to see this version of Tolkien's world depict this this strong connection to his water people....his Mermen*. ;)  citation: Orel, Vladimir. A Handbook of Germanic Etymology. Leiden, Netherlands: Brill, 2003: 13  * similarly MER is a proto-germanic word for Sea https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/mer-
Man I really want to love the show but I feel cursed because I've read the books and the dialogue/writing is really really bad. Like Fan fiction bad. I keep seeing the same praise of the how beautiful the series is and I feel like that is not enough to save it. The horse riding scene on beach was just awkward.
I think the details of the Numenorean puppet show are less important than the outcome of it. Galadriel is victorious at the end of the play and the crowds cheer. I can’t imagine there are too many spots in town where that outcome would be well-received, so to me this reads as the writers setting up the fact that - in contrast to the prevailing sentiment on the island - there are still groups loyal to the elves… dare I say, Faithful? 👀
i could see halbrand being one of the nazgul, not necessarily the witch king (who is supposedly numenorean), nor would he be khamul. but he could be any of the other seven. i mean, it is the rings of power; we'll eventually get to the forging of the rings and sauron giving them to the races. it would be perfect for an original character in this series to be their answer to a nazgul's former identity. we'll eventually see the effects of the rings in the future...
Best episode so far. First (slight) chills at times. I liked how Galadriel introduced herself, since I love the Noldor family trees in the Silmarillion. Still a long way to go.
Meteor man = Gandalf Halbrand = Witch King  Interested to see what Elendils daughter adds to the story
Elendil is cool probably the best actor and character so far. Sorry but The Harfoots are so boring 😏😆
So is arda Sauron?
This was a great episode. Elendil exceeded my expectations.
Adar is Sauron im sayin it now my boy finally comin in to the fold
Adar is 100% Sauron
What about meteor man being Beorn?
Loved episode 3!
So you are not reviewing the series with regard to its faithfulness to the lore as you stated before?
I just skip every Harfoot scene, they are so bad it's cringeworthy
Could Halbrand be the king of the Oath breakers to Isiludur later in lore
"...the ruler he will become..." No spoilers please
I think those green pits, are actually yellow, seems to be made to look like sulfur which gives off a toxic fume if heated. Like Mordor is later described as having a toxic miasma. Mustard Gas has sulfur in it, they're digging up Tolkien's WWI experience.
"Ugly Sonic" ☠️
Does anyone else notice that large numbers of orcs have suddenly become white? Very subtle amazon.
Only four more seasons to go!
Better than the first two episodes, but still bad in general, especially for the money that was put in.
I really am liking the show.  I love that they have been re-using dialogue from the main trilogy and the Hobbit for easter-egg callbacks.  I am actually enjoying Halbrand's backstory (despite criticisms of it being an Aragorn rip-off) as it seems in line with Aragorn, Bard, and Thorin's arcs. (although the latter two were also criticized similarly)   I could have done without the over-the-top introduction of Numenor. That felt Ham-fisted, although the location shots looked impressive! (i liked when they cut back to it as night as we saw all the lights.)  Also, the close up of Galadriel riding the horse was really not my taste, especially when they had perfectly fine establishing shots before and after it.
Adar means Father, which is a big theme for this episode: Adar of the orcs Elendil, father of Isildur Tar-palantir, father of Miriel Largo, father of Nori (trouble migrating)
I don't like what they did to Tolkien's legacy
nice
The one reason why I struggle for Halbrand as Sauron is his saving Galadriel in the ocean. I don’t have any inclination why he would feel he needed her. This really says, “well, meaning human guy.”
You said right twice about a right and left statue
So far, I like the series. Sometimes there are anoying  scenes but mostly it's interesting :)
Good read on Galadriel’s fate statement to Halbrand
It's hard not to connect this with PJ films in a timeline. I picture the witch king as portrayed in PJ, so who ever ends up being it on here has to get dark enough to become that end result. It's the same with Galadriel. The character build here needs to have some connection to her in PJ. If she is commander here, she needs to become a terrifyingly beautiful powerful character that was in the films. If they can get it close or connect it, then it will flow better.
3:02 My biggest problem with the elves in this show.  "I think they're mostly human characters with a handful of elves".  It's impossible to tell unless you can see their ears.  It's why the show seems so generic.  Arondir plays an Elf the best of all of them, in terms of his mannerisms, but again doesn't look the part.  He looks and acts more Vulcan than anything to me.
No, everything fits the lore, no problem here
I'm a huge fan of LOTR since the movies. I haven't read the books, but I'd seen your videos. This series Rings of Power I don't know what is not working. The writing is boring and they are changing everything. Don't hate me, but is wonderful to see Kazar dum and Numenor. Some characters are good, like Elrond. But these three episodes are going slowly boring.
Such a bad show so far. Very dissapointed :(
the dialouge is terrible. once in a while it shines, but maybe a few lines from each episode. THe characters are all cliche, except from meteor man who i find quite interesting. the cinemotography is outstanding and so is much of the acting. But you cannot polish a turd. Fix the writing for season 2!
I’m quite curious, what your opinion on the warg’s design!!! I was a bit out of by the goofiness, but as I am a novice in the Lore of Tolkien I didn’t want to jump to conclusions
Galadriel shows no gratitude for being saved from the sea. Just intense warrior princess intensity
BTW, the ancestor who “lost the war” Halbrand is referring to is probably Ulfang. And the trend of giving Galadriel very un-arafinwean vibes continue when she thinks of **stealing a boat** in true Noldor fashion (but not something the golden house of Finarfin is guilty of).
I think the orcs are digging the foundations to Barad-dûr.
Give diversity a chance! The next WWII war movie will feature black transgender Nazis. I'm veeeery sure!
I don’t particularly care for this game of “guess the character” that the series keep playing. I would rather they introduced the bloody characters and did some character development on them. So I was intensely irritated by the bait and switch of calling the episode Adar and then cutting off to a blurry shot of him. I also do not care who Halbrand is, although I would be really mad if he turns out to be Sauron.
If the stranger is not Gandalf or 1 of the wizards I wil be very disappointed.
What a perceptive summary, especially of features of the environment that are subtle but present. I thought this episode was certainly the strongest of the three we've had so far, and I'm looking forward very much to the next one. Personally, I was quite sad at the level of gore, particularly with the warg. It doesn't really add anything to the drama other than mere shock, and neither does it invite you to use any imagination, which stories are meant to do - it only shocks you with how unimaginative it is. It's one of the reasons I really love theatre these days, you have to use your sympathetic imagination in order to truly appreciate it. Film and TV can stray into the rut of reality-porn that renders the viewer as someone incapable of thinking for themselves, which renders them incapable of genuine sympathy, which is something you can only do if you do it freely. So, such explicit depictions that are irrelevant to the narrative point actually lessen the emotional weight of the moment. That's my two cents at least.
Hardfoots are making this show boring
Boycott rings of power
Will Halbrand become the king of the dead?
I wasn’t expecting much from the trailers and so wasn’t disappointed. I’d be surprised if RoP gets a second series, I’m not quite sure who the target audience is exactly and they seem to be doing their best to alienate Tolkien fans .
I'm speaking 100% the truth here, honestly no BS. I tried 4 times to watch the first two episodes and fell asleep.
Amazon are going after Stargate next....... Seriously worried.
I've gotten my parents hooked on your RoP episode breakdowns now. :)  I showed them all three, and they both really enjoyed them. My parents are both casual Tolkien fans (they enjoy Tolkien stuff on their own to some extent, but haven't read beyond LOTR and The Hobbit, and mainly care about anything else because I care). I'm the Tolkien nerd in the family and do my best to help explain stuff while we watch RoP, but you've really helped them understand the deeper lore in more detail so that they can understand each episode better. We're looking forward to your future episode breakdowns!
Really enjoying everything except the harfoot storyline, which is so blah. Here's to hoping that picks up...
Galadriel is one of the most unlikable characters I have seen in a while.
Adar looks like uncle Benjen.
I realize Isildur's sister is completely made up for this series, but in Tolkien's "The Lost Road" his unfinished story dealing with time travel and Numenor, it is mentioned that Elendil has an adopted daughter named Firiel.
Her smiling wasn't her with Elendil. It was Galadriel riding with a woman from when she was younger. She was having a memory.
20:35 I think the most violent cene where humans fight humans ist harad vs rohan  on the pelenor fealds
everyone is complaining about how rash and heartless galadriel is. Her character will develop in time giving her the composed nature that she has in the 3rd age. That shot on the horse was scary and out of place though
Ugly sonic!!!! 😂😂😂😂
The only thing a bit out of tune was the warg animation, it was good in close and in movement, but its entrance was made-for-tv, kinda.
I think when Galadriel addresses Elendil as a mortal in a derogatory way, that was a bit out of the books.  If I'm not mistaken mortality was considered a gift from Eru, from the elves point of view at least
who will be the eminem lookalike guy we saw in the trailer then?
Something's off here...
I liked this episode the best out of the 3 that we've seen so far. Perhaps not the 20 seconds of "teeth" in slow motion. The horse was stunning however and I admit, I too would grin like a fool to be so permitted to gallop down that shore as she.   I think the plot is moving along and I hope that people will give the modern retelling a chance.  The books, will never be replaced in my heart. But love grows, it does not divide. There is room for new stories, new lore, new retellings.
I’m intrigued with the Númenor stuff, my least favorite is the Harfoot stuff.  Númenorian queen is so pretty and I can’t wait to see how she ties into it’s fall.  Halbrand gets on my nerves a bit and I don’t like the enemies to lovers vibe in getting from him and Galadriel, but I too hope to see him become the Witch King.  I want to see them use to rings to get power, wealth and do great “Sorceries” like it says they do.  This episode was my favorite of the three though at times the props and some of the sets don’t look like middle earth to me, it looks like a generic fantasy show mimicking middle earth.  I hope this changes.  The warg was so small and weird looking and I also felt “ the sea is always right” was corny
Thank you for having an honest and thoughtful review of the episodes rather than jumping on whatever hate wagon is rolling around the internet about the series
Man those Harfoots are terrible. 😂
Halbrand = Witch King of Angmar
I believe that the greeny yellow smoke and pits are meant to look sulphuric, which is a common real-life indicator of magma close to the surface. I think they are trying to give evidence of the southlands transformation into a volcanic plateau/Mordor, similar to sulphuric pits at Yellowstone
This show was a flop.. But reading through your comments section here it's just non stop "I luv it" comments.. Are the comments from the other half of the viewers that disliked the show so far being deleted? So many critics, channels, creators, editors and news outlets have been paid to say they LOVE this and silence any negative reviews it would seem..
Wow......sponsored by Audible...an Amazon company. At first I thought your take on this show was one trying to stay above the fray and give it an even chance.  Something I did not understand after the episodes aired and proved what a stinking pile of rat excrement the show really is.....but now I see you are a paid shill for amazon.  You lost a lot of credibility in my book.
Better episode. Numnor is stunning. And I am a massive fan of Elenidl. I am confident that Halbrand is indeed the Witch-King. Adar is probably synonimous with Annatar. I am annoyed at the existence of the Harfoot arc as it is unnecessary. I wish they would have shown Anarion in the show as well as Isildur and Elendil and Earien. I agree with your Miriel and Tar-Palantir pretend exile guess. I am a little surprised as the angle in which the wacthwarden was hit confused me as he was shot in the front and there was no orc in front of him that I could see. Excited for next episode, more Arondir and Adar, more Numenor and More Khazad-Dum. I am not particularly fond of the warg effects, but it'd different... I guess?
stupid , orcs can be in the sunlight, urukhai also. only goblins and trolls can't be in sunlight.
Is anyone going to tell the boat captain he’s wearing his cuirass backwards? 😂
29:23 , "Ugly Sonic" was no where near as cute as the warg
I am enjoying ROP and HOD but also I am little sad because both shows are about the fall of great entities. Spoiler      The fall of Numenor and Kazad Dum mirrored by the death of the Dragons and the weakening of the Targareyans.
Honestly what is the chance that Halbrand is not some dark demonic being
I suspect that the stranger with the Harfoots is Gandalf.
Why is this show receiving so much hate? Actual joke it’s been good so far especially the last episode. People just want to hate over anything smh
I thought warg looked worse than those in Peter Jackson adaptation.
Halbrand is going to be Witch King. He will be king of south and then gifted a ring?
Elendil stole the show with his smooth manly voice
Love the OST you use for these reviews
Best characters by far Elendil and Halbrand, the more I see of them the more I can tolerate the show that I still consider horrible. That scene with the horse and Galadriel ughh sums it up about that character...
Ok but how tf does a stranded low man have money to pay for drinks? 20:20
Fantastic video, thank you! I was thinking whether Arondir will not be used by Adar or the orcs to create uruk hai?
What's interesting to see is Halbrand's affinity for creation as we saw from the smithy scenes. It's interesting to remember that Sauron and Saruman were disciples of Aule, the smith of creation. In his desire to shape ae better world I think we may yet see him be corrupted, in a similar fashion to Sauron.
This episode was surprisingly brutal
I fell asleep again.  I’m done with this dumpster fire
This show is a 4/10 remove the harfoots entirely and it's a 6-7/10
I thought that orc looked familiar!!!!!😋
You have not seen what I've seen!!! Nerd of the rings seems to be ignorant of bad writing and other bad things of this show!!!
I think Halbrand is Theo's father. I also think Theo will be a Nazgul.
*sorry I typed this before I listened to the full breakdown. The mountain they use for Menil Tarma is the one I'm referring to:  One thing keeps cracking me up about this series: I'm pretty sure they keep putting Aoraki/Mt. Cook from New Zealand's southern island in the background of like every shot. I'm 90% certain that's the mountain peak in the background of the first Numenor shot (the one with the beacon and Aorendil (I'm sure I butchered the spelling there). I've been to NZ and learned a bit more about them using the landscape in LOTR, so that's something I notice and look for. I swear I keep finding this one single mountain everywhere in Middle Earth in this series and it's making me chuckle. Anyone else weigh in on this?
It was Feanor who started the war by threatening his half brother Fingolfin, and declaring   himself king in Aman.
While I think the actual episode was kind of boring, and the action didn't really do it for me (especially the flip over the dog), and the slow-mo riding was a bit much, I'm somewhat intrigued by the development of the plot and who Sauron is. I just wish the script for each episode was better written. Elendil is the best character so far, great casting!
The snail eating is pretty disgusting! This show is boring idiotic at times. Looks as if it was created by amateur video makers!
This show is trash. Episode 3 was the worst
The yellow stuff coming up out of the ground is sulfur…. Like from a volcano……. Like mount doom
This orc kind is the weakest breed of all orc breeds cause normal orcs dont burn that much
Apart from the harfoot storyline I'm already all abord this show and really loving it.
Just so people know, Audible is owned by Amazon. So he is being paid by a company owned by Amazon while reviewing a show made by Amazon. Conflict of interests anyone?
For F sake, I hope dude man isn’t Sauron…. Not exactly the fairest of fair forms…. Also, he hasn’t even made the rings with celebrimbor yet, let alone the one ring.  Witch king would be way better.  Little enough info on him in the books to let them get creative without changing course from the source material.
Haldbrandt could unite his people, be given a ring of power in the future and turn into a a ring wrath
The kid from Mr. Bean's Holiday grew up into Isildur. Talk about glow up
For someone who doesn't know beyond The Lord of The Rings and The Hobbit, these videos are a lot of help to understand some things. Thank you for that and keep it up!
I think sauron is already on numenor
I don't understand why people say halbrand is sauron, i don't get why he was on a ship wreck in middle of the ocean
I wouldn't mind seeing a bit of lore from Shadow of Mordor
Hal-Brand will become one of the Nazgûl and most likely will become the witch king
Could Meteor Man be Tom Bombadil?
When Galadriel and Halbrand introduce themselves it definitely reminded of the scene where Misanda says Danny’s titles and Davos just says “this is Jon Snow” 😂
This episode was a  7/10. Galadriel riding was waaaay too campy and out of sync with her arch. Which I blame on the new episode director. Hopefully the director settles in for their next few episodes. Here is my idea for the Stranger/end of the season..... Possible Spoiler??    The end of the 1st season is when Mount Doom is created. And either the Stranger is a Blue Wizard trying to stop it, or a Balrog in human form super confused who tragically creates it. The stars being the map to Mount Doom. But I like how they keep you guessing. Since maybe the Balrog is the bad guy that Durin and Elrond deal with at the climax of their plot thread this year and the Stranger is Sauron. One thing that confuses me is that I don't think Sauron "being so powerful" would allow himself to be so confused and vulnerable as the Stranger. Unless that is the explanation of why it has taken 1000 years to start the back up plan mentions @21:40.
Loving these recaps, Nerd! I really like your Halbrand = Anti-Aragorn theory, too. Maybe not anti, but failing where Aragorn’d later succeed.
Well, it's fair and honest adding the "paid promotion" alert. I liked your original LotR videos. It must be hard to find any lore connections outside CGI shots. Keep going, I'll be back when you do LoTR again. Until then, it's a hard unfollow
This episode hammered home that the show needs to be watched as a whole season. This feels horrible with episodic cliffhangers.
I find nearly more enjoyable to listen to your insights on the episode (and backstories), than watching the episode itself.  The visuals of the series are spectacular and I believe there are true Tolkien-loving artists behind this marvel, but I feel that the scripting and acting falls a little bit into the current trend of over-dramatic, yet somewhat empty attempt to be deep… I may be biased, but what is it with old school acting that just gets to my emotional core so much more?… no 4K HDR can substitute genuine human feeling. And I can’t help feeling that modern writers/actors for some reason have a harder time getting there.
Is the consensus that meteor man is one of the Istari? Didn't Radagast spend much of his time in the Vale of Anduin/Gladden Fields region? From where the Harfoots originate? Or is it most likely Gandalf? Considering we have already met Elrond and Galadriel, it would probably make sense that we meet Gandalf fairly early on if he is to become a keeper of one of the three.
"Ask Jeeves" lol
Surely the Witch King is the Witch King of Angmar, which is in the North or Middle Earth? And so, unlikely to be Halbrand. If Halbrand is from the South could he not be one of the other 9? Is one of the 9 Haradrim?
The moment you said "Sponsored by Audible (Amazon-owned)", it all falls into place.
My guess is that the stranger is Eru. We know Ilúvatar deals with Numenor, so he needs to appear in some manner before the series end.  I always pictured him coming as waves and wind, but I would be cool with Eru taking physical form to observe his creation firsthand.
So far, I think Elendil is the best written character, which he deserves because he'll become the most important one at one point.
It's a shill review
so we have a Halbrand that is a saisond sailor, judging his handling of ropes on the raft, then he also a very wellspoken diplomat, also is a topnotch pick pocket taking a knife in plain sight of the court, hiding it with both hands free in the next scene, then giving it to Galadriel, also in plain sight of court AND guard, a brawler, who can take out 4!! Numenorians, in the trailers we then have seen him already riding a horse hanging from teh side and wielding a spear with appearantly great skill...jup, the typical south lander  edit: Oh almost forgot, he also claims to the the bestest smith evar!!!
Yooo the first dark lord fought the god of the lord of the rings world with songs who could win if they fought for on
Great review! I'm a Tolkien newbie so your reviews definitely help me understand more of the lore and show.   I cannot help but wonder what is the music that you used, especially in the first few minutes of the clip? It's oddly beautiful and I've noticed it in other videos of yours. Thanks!
"folks puppeteering their fan fiction for the crowd" what a wonderful metaphor for this dreck.
Imagine considering yourself a fan of Tolkien and liking this sh*t show. The guy running this channel is either too scared to say what he really thinks, out of fear of backlash, or has sold out and is a shill.
Isn’t Adar supposed to be Sauron ?
Void from Braindead is still Jed Brophy’s best role.
I enjoy this episode. I givenit a 9 out of ten
18:00 I have a question here. Since it wasn't such a big cut and Medhor is an Elf, wouldn't it be more logical for him to survive or at least have a slow death?
I think they dig the trenches to establish permanent pathways to move large masses of orcs quickly. Furthermore it could also function as a habitat
"despite the fact they were cousins". The amount of historical illiteracy of this comment is hilarious. The lauded queen that just died was married to her cousin as was ever normal for royalty or even lords and ladies up to a cpl years ago. Still, if I almost fell asleep with a re-cap it means I can save my time and ignore this travesty of a "production".
I’m thinking Halbrand could be the King of the Dead of Dunharrow!
Anyone else watch 1 hour of the episode immediately followed by 30 minutes of this analysis
Halbrand speculations. It might be that they’re setting up Sauron as a kind of demon hiding inside a real human. Not outright in the drivers seat, but more hiding behind Halbrands eyes and giving him little nudges in this or that direction. I would really prefer it if they’re setting up a flawed hero who struggles to do a heel-face-turn for like two seasons before accepting a ring with cool super powers and starting a slow transformation to nazgul. But his writing is still really inconsistant.
Theo has to be Arandirs son!! Haha I just feel it
everything was great about this episode (I really enjoyed it) rather than flying ELVES ! I mean why should a captive fly 16 meters horizontally to kick the hell outta the big bad orc !
I was very disappointed at the way they've compressed 1600 odd years of second age history together.  The one ring isn't forged until SA1600 and Tar-MIriel isn't born until SA3117.  I was hoping we'd be seeing Tar-Minastir and they'd use Galadriel to make Gil-Galad's plea for aid just in advance of the War of the Elves & Sauron.  Also, no news from Eregion or Khazad-Dum this episode?  Poor.
I'm also curious as to why they changed up the time line. Technically, Tar- Teleprien is the Ruling Queen of Numenor when the Rings of Power + War of Sauron and the Elves happens. You could tell the same story over a longer period and showcase more of Numenor (Height + Fall). Still like the show though. Oh wait, rights 🤦🏾 lol. Damn. Nvm.
Best episode so far for me. Numenor was the icing on the cake for me. The CGI is amazing.
Show is trash , you bundles of sticks should stick to what you do best,  drag shows for children
i believe that the fumes that we saw were the fumes of sulfur. a sign of and increasing volcanic activity in the area of southlands.
Thought ep3 was the weakest of the 3 so far. Elendil was decent though. Like Arondir character too but miffed that we didn't see Theo and I want say 'Hannah' this episode tho. Kinda weird.
After third episode I've lost motivation to watch fourth episode... It was so boring and it felt empty. Harfoots are so off. Jumping elves are so off. Parkour galadriel so off. Thanks, I'm out :D
I like it very much of this episode!!
Is it just me Or they are actually ruining the timeline of Numenor. Numenor is supposed to be glorious and elf-friendly at this point of time. Elendil shouldn't even be born. Armies of the Men are the reason why Elves are able to defeat Sauron in the War of the rings.   Maybe they could have made Sauron the captive of Numenor after the war and then he could have used his malice to corrupt them. Skipping 500 years or so. This way they are cramming War of the Rings and fall of Numenor together.
God there's some amount of window lickers defending this nonsense. The fans and even the page itself has had a serious dip in quality and objectivity. Shame.  Edit: he's sponsored by Amazon hence the incredible dishonest review and not calling it what it is.   Shite.
love your vids. thank you
I have a question and it's related to that reptile thingy they called worm...are ulmo's water supposed to be free of any of morgoth's creatures and shadow?what is it doing there then?
The Snores of Power would be a more app title. Maybe Sauron is trying to take over middle earth by putting everyone to sleep 😂
This episode caught my interest even more then the first two. The orcs was terrifying, almost horror-ish in the tunnels and I liked the entire sequence. Numenor and Elendil was everything I hoped it would be. I do have to agree with you, a few more minutes of Numenor and the Orcs would have made a better episode then 20 minutes of Harfoots with no apparent development, other then Nori's family getting an appreciation for Meteor man. Personally, I'm really excited to see where they are going to take the whole Adar story, wheter it is introducing Sauron or a non canon Elf from long ago being twisted to Evil. In the preview of E.4, Arondir spoke Quenya to Adar, so Friday's cant come fast enough.  Thanks for a great video as always!
Elendil and isildur are a few thousand years to early in tvis series or am i getting something wrong?
Unpopular opinion: I love the Harfoots. I think they add a necessary relatable whimsy to the show which would otherwise be too serious.
Saw a nice theory on reddit that Halbrand actually becomes the King of the Dead
With tunnels you can travel day and night.
"The sea is always right" is cringe. Shudve spent more time on something better and more poetic and reverent here.
its bad man its bad
Serious question  - Regarding The half-foot  - Why is there no young males?, just old males and young girls and old woman??  haha
I'm huge fan of numenor
I always appreciate your optimism Matt, but some things need to be called out: - Galadriel would never call herself "of the Golden House of Finarfin" that is a name given to them by others, it would be beyond crass to declare that. Classless even. - As usual, the show creators prove themselves to be laymen. Galadriel at this point is among the eldest of elves. She behaves like an abrasive little child. They are not only butchering the lore, but assassinating Galadriel's entire persona in the books. She is petty, fickle, rash, immature. They want her to be Arya, from GoT not the demigod of the books. - When she says "who is this mortal who speaks to me as if yada yada" I had the cringe of a thousand suns. Do you think the wisest and the most esteemed empath of her race would say such horrendous lines to a person who rescued her?  This series is an atrocity. I will gladly watch your analyses, but the writers have no respect of the source material. After 3 episodes this is empirical.
So far haven't enjoyed it much, the writing and script are not very good. If the next episodes don't improve drastically I'll just stop watching altogether. P.S: The audiobook looks nice, gonna look into that, thanks!
idk it was a weird episode ,specially galadriel
The plot continues with high expectations. Arondir and his elf mates were in this region for years as watch guards and just missed out a huge, huge orc camp seen in miles, also having a tree devastation. Arondir really fell in full love with Bronwyn.
Love every minute of this show. I do disagree with your take on the stranger progress with the harfoots. I do think this is Gandalf and this is the start of the long enduring friendship they have with each other and why Gandalf is so protective over Frodo because they looked after him when he was vulnerable to the world.
I'm a big fan of the theory that halbrand could be the King of the Dead that broke his oath to Isildur
This show is awful
Galadriel hasn't been very likable so far. It seems like she automatically wants to fight everyone. She should learn a little tact to get what she wants. I've only lived 20 some years and I've learned this works far better than ordering people around haha
Matt- ‘Yeah the episode was good and all. But JED BROPHY👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏’😂
Hear me out : Galadriel = Sauron
My guess is the Adar uses Arondir to breed the sun-resistant race of orcs.
I've been pleasantly suprised by this series, but the hobbit story-line is just awful! It doesn't fit with the lore at all, the story is rubbish, and its just pain to watch.
I pretty much completely agree on everything. The first half had me thinking Halbrand is Sauron because the blacksmith stuff. But that might be thrown in to throw the Tolkien fans off. I still think he's the Witch King. 5D chess going on. Numenor is tear worthy. Incredible. Harfoots are definitely the weakest thread here but the Stranger is keeping it interesting. That shot at the end with Adar looked so much like a darker Annatar. Don't think it's him but I'm very excited to see where this is going.
Uhhhh hello!!! It’s Gandalf !!! We all see resemblance, not only that at the end he say “friend” let’s not forget gandalf once said gandalf stands for “friend”
The series is good, wether Tolkien nerds like it or not, the only thing I despise is the harfoots, why would I care of what the harfoots would be doing in the second age
I've got no clue now what am i watching, what kind of series just goes straight to basically the end? Seeing elendil already makes no sense, and why we get to see eregion if this is supposed to be basically close to the end of the second age? Eregion was supposed to be destroyed by now, and why elrond and elros are not twins? I just can't understand anything, it's like watching a series like game of thrones where they start directly from season 6
full fake comments insanity
Love how the show is surpassing the internet trolls, It's actually pretty good and the Elf fight at the end was brilliant!
i feel like im watching discount game of thrones: woke edition
Mate could you do something on the Dunlendings since they play a big part in The War of the Rohirrim  please
I don’t suppose anyone knows what the music is at 05:20 in this video??  Really enjoying the series so far 🙌🏻
The show is getting better and better. The characters that I feel attached to are "Elendil, the Meteor man and Arondir". I'd give the show a 9/10. Edit: 2/10 I am just not interested. 6 episodes in and I lost hope in the series... it's just lame
I wonder if Adar could be the Black Numenorian Mouth of Sauron
No Elrond and dwarves?4/10 for me
Anyone knows the background music name please?
I am now pretty convinced that Halbrand is Sauron. The clues are quite strong: the "Looks can be deceiving" line from ep2, the mysterious neck pouch with emblem, his interest & knowledge of forging, his deception and thievery, his insane & powerful fighting skills.
What does Halbrand say to the Numenorians while he’s fighting them? I thought that may have been an indicator
The show is literally half-brained. Every twist is ridiculously obvious and the only fan theories are ones in complete denial.
A tihink Halbrandt true identity is... Halbrandt. He is noting more that exiled prince yet.   Remember hobbits in Fellowship of the Ring could sense ôby their hearts" that something evil is nearby? Both Nazguls and Balrog. I cant imagine Galadriel, one of the smartest elves in Middle-earth, don´t realize the guy on raft with her for couple of days is most evil creature left in Arda. yeah, I know that in form of Annatar Sauron managed to deceive many but I still refuse to believe it. But I think Halbrandt will want to liberate his people from of orcs so much that he will eventually become corrupted by Sauron and accept one of 9 rings and so he become nazgul. It will be simililar character arch like Anakin had in Star wars. He wanted to bring peace and prosperity to his empire so much that he finally became sith lord.
I have to admit, the harfoot scenes are just terrible. I literally skip them. They are bloody boring
Adar is almost looking like Annatar/Elf form of Sauron.. Isn't it?
What is the sigil we found in the hall of lore?
I loved this episode, and will watch it again, later today.  I thought all the Numenor scenes were very good.  Also,  Halbrand is a very good fighter, a smith and someone important? Who is he?  The Harfoots seem to have a sort of duality, neither secure or safe and positively dangerous if you are left behind!  The poor people in the pit are going through hell and Arondir's compadres seem to be falling like leaves.
I'm a little stuck on Halbrand's origins. When they mentioned the king that stood with Morgoth, my immediate thought was of the treacherous Ulfang, who betrayed the Sons of Fëanor. The trouble of course being that Ulfang's sons were then butchered by Bór -- which would kind of break the line of potential rulers ? The dates also don't really fit, since the movie seems to suggest only about 4-5 generations separated that man from Halbrand ? But that can't really be true, can it ? After all, both Miriel and Elendil lived long, long , long after the defeat of Morgoth (over 3000 years) so how can it be only 5 generations that separate Halbrand (who is not a long-lived man of Númenor) and his ancestor who fought with Morgoth. This is just so confusing! I think Adar is clearly Sauron in his "fair form": the high cheekbones, the elf-like grace... I wonder if Arondir is going to exemplify for us the kind of torment it would take to turn an elf into an orc, but I hope not.
Adar is Sauron i have a strong feeling that he is
I appreciated the Harfoots spiritual/religious ceremony of remembering those left behind. It rang true to me as something a nomadic people would do and I like the cultural depth. I agree that episode three is still about setting the plots up. I am still very much on board with the series.
I believe Halbrand will be one of the nazguls ( maybe the witch king ).
How amazing was that Warg? Me and my partner were yelling it was so gross 😂
Someone please answer me! did Galadriel really visit Númenor? i mean in the books?
This is not Tolkien period
Mostly enjoyed the episode but don't really like the Harfoots. Still can't see the point of them. Also, where exactly did Halbrand get the money from to buy everyone drinks? The scenes of Numenor were amazing though.
Ar-PharAmazon took a dump on the pages of Tolkien’s books. Now these Tolkien lore channels are trying to read some meaning in the brown streaks left all over the text. It is a waste of time. Please go back to talking about the real lore. You were great at it!
Concerning Halbrand - I think he is going to be the king who will fail Isildur and thus will become the king o the dead
Sorry but in all honesty I loved the episode but Isildurs casting was horiffic. He looks nothing like he was in the movie. I just don't understand why cast someone just for the sake of wokeism.....make it a good show and consistant. Not adhere to certain political agendas......
Dude, this is so nerdy. Love it
I love this show so far
they transport the snake from the intro
The trench scenes are clearly there to represent Tolkiens service in WW1. Tolkien served as a Lieutenant in the Lancashire Fusiliers at the battle of the Somme. It was one of My local Regiments. Still, Rings of Power Is a bs firework display of virtue signalling pretentious, vacuous  pc "woke" agenda garbage. Amazons transparent attempt to appear inclusive and somehow altruistic. From a company that actually treats its own employees like shite. Its an insult to Tolkiens legacy and an insult to Tolkiens fans.
Something that wasn't mentioned in the episode, at least not that I caught, is why Numenorians are set against the Elves. What caused this change? It's been ages since I read the Silmarillion, but I have a vague memory that Sauron in disguise is who caused the division, but this happened after he was captured then managed to rise in the ranks of Numenor. So far we haven't seen him being captured at all... so this is yet to happen? If so, then again... why are the Numenorians set against the elves?
The Orcs chanting Adar as he's walking out gives me serious shadow of mordor vibes 😅
I think Halbrands ability to speak and joke with men rather than focus only on the task at hand will help the pawns all come together in the end.
Is this the First Elendil, who becomes the 4thkingofnumenoa r o ur nd 750 second age, or the second who sin't born until after 3000 second age, who cuts the ring form Sauron's finger In either case, the timeline is pretty messed up as one is dead before the rings of power were made and the other isn't born until after the war of elves and Sauron, and Sauron is imprisoned in Numenor.
Nerd of the rings you shouldn't be wasting your time on this garbage
The Numenoreans were fantastic, the dynamic in Elendil's family was compelling, so was Halbrand's storyline. And I didn't think I'd end up so invested in Arondir, but I am!
I disagree that the palace scene highlighted the Numenorean's arrogance. It did the opposite, to me the Numenoreans came off better than Galadriel, and it was *because* of Galadriel's rudeness. And the way she threatened Elendil?! She is frankly the biggest issue I have with the show so far.
I say we must give this show a chance  Because amazon bend the lore to make this  world better beautiful
The writing is embarrassing.
Mr man is for sure Gandalf clearly a wizard it can’t be the blue wizards because they would be together and Gandalf has the biggest bond to the hobbits
It's getting better. More interesting.
I think that this series is still building up and will reach to good heights before the season ends but compared to other TV shows (though none have a richer and vivid background like ROP) it is really slow and will put a lot of people off. I for instance do not like Black elves or the Harfoots storyline. From the books and movies, weren't the elves supposed to be wisest, fairest and even taller than many? Elves in this show are not glowing with a light like in the movies. The music that played in Peter Jacksons whenever the Elves appeared, sorta nostalgic powerful elven music is missing. I am a huge fan of the movies, but even the movies did not do true justice to the books, I had hoped that directors and studios would have acknowledged that but it seems they haven't.
Bear McCreary's music score is very similar to the Foundation music score
The fact he is sponsored by amazon proves you can' t trust his breakdown.
I thought Witch King, but the Witch King was a Noble Lord of Numenor. so they are really changing the story or he isn't the Witch King, he could still be one of the Nine.
When the producers created the role of Miriel did they take the term black numenorean literally?
Amazon should pay you, this video makes me want to watch their mediocre series
The Galadriel we all know, that written by Tolkien, couldn't hide that she's an elf by covering her ears even if she wanted to. Besides, she wouldn't do it, for starters. Not only that, in the previous episode we saw some random person pulling her hair up to check her ears. Not even Fëanor was able to touch one of her hairs! Gimli could have asked for anything in the world, and all he asked for was one of her hairs! This is not Galadriel, it's someone else. They have bastardised this character in a very nasty way.
I really like the Byzantine parallels in terms of design with Numenor.
I didn't watch after guyladriel jumped from the ship... Did she reach the shore yet? Or still swimming?
Ive heard of "white-washing" but "black-washing" dial it back a lil bit it's not even Suttle there's been a hobbit, an elf, Durins wife, and now Queen Regeant. I feel like 1 of my favorite fantasy worlds it getting the PC treatment crammed down our throat. Idk sry not sry.
You are great. And i love it, how you do the review. 😁 good luck
Built-up like the GOT seven seasons and then Nothing burger....mark my words!!!
What are the chances of The Stranger being Tom Bombadil?
My guess is that Halbrand is the king of the death... The banners look a little bit alike
I really tried to like the show, but the last episode was unwatchable. Every aspect was below average, and I was willing to let certain aspects slide.   The writing Galadriel is poorly written. She comes off far too "bitchy". That might just be Hollywood's inability to write interesting female characters. Not to mention that she is far to short und does NOT act like a Noldor with the wisdom she would inhabit.   The Orcs are interesting, but some of the practical effects seemed very "masky".   The fighting scene was ludicrous and the "tug of war" made it laughable. The Warge looked like a Chihuahua with far too active eyes, but I liked the R-rated approach.   The storyline in Numenor was interesting but insanely dull. I re-watched the dialog in fast forward just and none of the shots were visually interesting. The lines were just delivered without trying to add interesting cinematography (the "prequel" effect - STAR WARS).  I'm starting to lose interest and I can only tolerate so much, but let's face it the "Rings of Power" is just lazy and kind of boring. But I'm not talking action here. I'm a big fan of drama (Better call Saul, the Wire, House of Dragons) but the show is a drag.
This episode is total trash and I still can't believe you are giving it so much grace. It's a terribly written, terribly acted show with a few Easter Eggs. Stop praising it, it's awful.
YESSSSSSSSSSSSS hahahaha, you saw Ugly Sonic vibes in that warg hahaha it was the firs thing that came to my mind when I saw it hahahaha.
High hopes that Halbrand is the Witch King. Would be nice to see the transformation from man to monster too in the coming series.
Excellent video! It's great to have your neutral opinion of the series, an opinion that is always given with fair and punctual observations regarding the source material. Keep up the good work.
I am 100% in agreement with Halbrand becoming the Witch-King. It just fits IMO. Having a sort of Aragorn like character who potentially makes all the wrong choices even if it was for the right reasons and ultimately fails... miserably... Or rather, thinks he's succeeded but like in the books, they began hating life which only further drew them to Sauron. I also still kind of think he's Theo's dad. Like I know Theo is pretty tan, but genetics are weird like that sometimes.   As a fan of the books, I have probably excused too much of their "creative liberties" but even I can't excuse that warg. My dad said Deranged Chihuahua but ugly Sonic is pretty accurate too. All I know is when they did that close up shot... I almost peed myself with laughter. Maybe it was there for comedic effect?
I must say I really like the character of Halbrand, he gives me a Anakin/Darth Vader vibe. Someone who you would expect great things but will fail in the end. Also, if Galadriel and Halbrand become close friends, how tragic would it be for Galadriel to see a dear friend to fall so deep and become a slave of Sauron? Or maybe he dies.  Don't care much about Elendil and Isildur tbh :D
I don't understand why this series has gotten so much hate. I really like it. I am a huge Tolkien fan, been since 1998, and I want to give this series a chance.
I’m still not sold on this show.  For one it seems to be all over the place time wise, secondly I am not enjoying the dialogue, third I really really dislike the hartfoots, and lastly I’m not liking Galadriel’s character all that much.  I get her character is supposed to be evolving to reach her potential and gain wisdom and check her pride, but I’m just not a fan of this interpretation yet.  For me the visuals seem to outshine the writing and that could end up being the biggest issue this show has.  Not saying I hate it but it’s not above a 5 out of 10 yet in my eyes.
These actors thought their career's were going to explode with public attention and relations as with Jackson's movies and Game of Thrones.  Fart.
Thanks!
I hope this show doesn't go woke
Nerd of the Rings! I love your passion for Tolkien and your analysis of the new series. I have to admit, I was skeptical of what was going to be presented to us, being a Tolkien purest. However, the series has pleasantly surprised me. Yes, the pacing is slow, but it is critical to building character arcs. The writers are setting everything up brilliantly! The scroll of narrative has to unravel slowly, especially with an epic series. The visuals are stunning, the dialogue is clever, the acting is brilliant, the productions spared no expense. The  things that us purests know of are in exquisitely manifest in the visuals. I even like the prehistoric hobbits. I am still not sure about “Meteor Man” and what his role will be, but so far I have been pleasantly surprised with the series thus far. The Warg scene in episode 3 was insane! It looked like such a Ferrell creature, crazed and blood thirsty. Truly disturbing! I love the way they have portrayed Elendiel. He is tall and wise. Numenor looks incredible! Can’t wait to see where all of this goes. Would that we got an episode every day! Holla!
I’m surprised  at how quickly I’ve grown to like the harfoots. They annoyed me at first but on a rewatch they’re really endearing
Meteor man is Gandalf and thus begins his affinity towards hobbits
Thanks for pointing out the statues in Numenor! Great to see the soneone paid homage to the history and lore.  I fast forward the Harfoots, that chanting the same line over whilst walking nowhere was a bit much so I skipped the entire scene. Im really a fan of the landscape scenes, they absolutely nailed the widescreen scenery shots and the orcs...but thats about it...
I love that the hobbits are included in the story. And if the stranger is Gandalf it would explain his special relationship with the hobbits later in the story. As for Sauron he cant be on Numenor and in the Southlands at the same time now can he so I think that rules him out.
Morgoth not only stole the Jewels from Feanor, he also killed the High Kings Finwe (Galadriel's paternal grand father) and destroyed the Trees that night, he basically declared war on the whole world
Love the rome total war music in the background
Came here only to hear you say "I told you so" about the map...let's see
This show is nailing it for me, sure, might have been a shot or two that I wasn't that into, but not every second is going to be tailored to my specific tastes. Overall, this is one gorgeous production, from acting to costume to dialogue to scene.. just wow. I'm all about a good story, and so far this has a few.
Guys, i am loving this Series!
The foreshadowing of Hal brand as Sauron is dumb as he manipulates all the scenes he's in duh 🙄
They’ve ignored so much lore I don’t even bother caring about this show’s nonsensical lore. I’m confuse how fans of Tolkien even take this seriously. *shrug*
The harfoots seem willing to just ditch anyone who can't pull a cart along at speed. They keep going on about family and no one gets left behind but then they did a toast to a ton of people they left behind 😂😂
Elendil is going to be an epic character. No idea who Sauron is. Looking forward to the next episode.
Let me ruin this show for everyone.   Sauron will appear in all 8 episodes because he is .......... Halbard.
Galadriel's comment about her bloodline needing redemption can be seen as either 1. her character stretching the truth a bit to create rapport and convince Halbrand or 2. the screenwriters doing the same to deepen the bond between the two characters.
The set up in this episode is great. I like how theyre building the characters. I love Tolkeins work ( finished and unfinished) and it's great to see them bring it to life in a more grounded way. This feels like more than just goodies and baddies which was my biggest issue with LotR. The grey on these characters is palpable. Galadriel is right about the House of Finwe starting the war. If Feanor doesn't sail off to Middle-Earth there is no war. Morgoth was just a thief and a murderer. Feanor made the decision to go to war. And, as you know,  alot of Noldor only went (Finrod for example) because he didnt want to abandon their people to Feanor's rule. RE: Redemption I think Galadriel meant for the Noldor. Their pride and selfishness sank Beleriand. The entire Elves v Morgoth war is a war of pride. Im hoping Halbrand is a Ringwraith not a the Witch King though. I find it hard to believe that the Witch King is anything but a Black Numenorean.
adar is the future witch king, they had a camera follow his out of focus hand enclosed in a gauntlet that looks exactly like the gauntlet peter jacksons witch king donned in that one scene...this was purposeful on the rings of power part, chosen for a reason, to evoke our memories
How about this for Halbrand - he’s in the line of Kings for a people of uncertain loyalty, but who befriends the (future) rulers of Gondor. Could his lost kingdom be in the mountains of middle earth? Could he turn out to be the King of the Dead?
House of the Dragon and Rings of power.My year is set!!!
Still not so sure about that show. Those visuals are gorgeous and I like all the characters but the story is dragging along a little bit slow for my taste (I know it fits Tolkien. I read the books as well but a tv show with 8 episodes is different from a book). This episode basically was Galadriel finding a scroll (cliffhanger), the elfs try to escape and Hobbits running some distance and another big teaser at the end. I can‘t see the bigger plan so far and it could rly need some story development.   Also not a fan of the action. I love our elf friend he seems so calm and stoic and it‘s cool that the orcs seem overwhelming for him. In Jacksons movies Legolas would go in and kill them all with one arrow. Still what is it with the slow mo? That‘s some weird Snyder stuff.   I‘m optimistic that there will be more cool stuff and hope they show it soon
If both elendil and isildur exist at this time cosidering that they dont look to be very young then the destruction of numenor and the last alliance of men and elves could easily happen in the next 100-150 years. Which would support the theory that sauron in his elven form is already on the island and the reason isildurs sister was accepted was because they needed extra help for creating a temple for morgoth that sauron orderd. And if sauron is on the island then adar could be a placeholder of sorts like the mouth of sauron...
Loving the show so far
Well the point is this show miss the purpose of Tolkien work. Characters and their portraition was important. Personally, I like the show, characters, plot, CGI, but prime fail to understand the core value of myth(for me its mythology). Now its just another version of fast n furious movie like doing great business, getting viewership, decent fanfollowing but forget why they started on a first place. Have a great day.
Its so amazing to listen your beautiful explanation of this episode, and knowing that as an episode on itself it was super shitty, lol. So cringy shitty episode GOSH!!!
Theory I heard listening to Tolkien Prof, Halbrand will be the king of the dead/oath breakers. After this episode I can see it.
Adar might be the closest ally to Sauron. I don't think we will only one strong evil characters. And a Sauron drop would be too early.
Here's my theory.  Adar is Sauron.  Halbrand is currently the main good guy and will together fight later with Galadriel in the southlands.  At about the same time, Ar Pharazon will usurp the throne from the Queen then come to Middle Earth with the Grand Numenorean army of King's Men faction, and take Sauron to Numenor. Halbrand seems likely he will lose his life saving Galadriel at some point in the show.
As well as presenting a conflict of interest for objective reviews, does your sponsorship from Audible, an Amazon company, put legal restrictions on what you can say about Rings of Power or are you free to say whatever you want?
So, definitely feel now that Halbrand is Theo's dad or uncle, and he ran away from Broynwyn because of orcs returning and he was afraid of giving into the dark and that "Blood Oath." That "Blood Oath" to Morgor Halbrand mentioned, is the reason Theo's blood moves towards the mark of Sauron when he holds the blade (Episode 2), because Theo is of the line that made that Blood Oath.
Are we gonna address that Isildur being in this show makes absolutely no sense if this show takes place in the middle of the second age and Isildur only lived to be long 250?
I don't think the Stranger is Sauron b/c someone pointed out to me that part of the reason its Frodo and Hobbits that destroy the ring is that Sauron practically doesn't even know they exist. So why would that be the case if he spent time with halflings when he first came to Middle-Earth. And I think that Halbrand will become the Witch-King of Angmar
It is PATHETIC all of IT! Its not Tolkien at all.
Elendil is really going to be a cool caracter! I think the dialog is soo weak at times, exspecially the bar fight, the numenorian queen and everyboddy around Hallbrand. Thats annoing and the Galadriel horse smile had me laughing out loud
Are you NileRed?
I get the feeling, which each episode being released, they thought this through very well. Episode 3 was amazing and I have a feeling it will only get better.
I think the sluggish pace and small scope of the harfoot storyline is somewhat intentional since it helps us empathize with Nori, who longs to escape from the confines of harfoot traditions to get to see the bigger picture.
Interesting and telling that the orcs are all white. I wonder if Adar will wear a MAGA hat.  Elendil is the best character, by far, the only good character, in my opinion. Ok Durin and Dursa were cool too.  Halbrand: Sauron 90%. Witch-King 10%  Why do Harfoots leave people behind, yet rever those who have died? Leaving people behind severly weakens a migrating tribe.  Why do the tunneling orcs fell all the trees around them, except the one in their path, that they could easily go around?
The Stranger = Tom Bombadil. Do not care if everyone thinks that is a stupid theory, I will hold on hope until I am utterly disappointed. Timeline compression was inevitable. They can't make 25 seasons of this show.
IT WAS TRASH!!!!!!!!! i dont understand why people are protecting this crap. Episode 3 was comical. 1 billion dollar budget? and they put in a fckn poodle warg? are you kidding me???
Halbrand cannot be Sauron. Didn't Sauron came to Numenor after he acknowledged that he can't defeat Numenorian army and "surrender" himslef? As i understand it, the whole point of the that war, was to show how mighty the Numenorians are and how how cunning can Sauron be. I can understand that they might change the story a little bit, but it seems to me that is a pretty big deal. The only way i see it going that way, it's that Halbrand will go back to Middle Earth and later returned as a prisoner Sauron.
So is Halbrand Sauron or the blurry guy at the end of episode?
I’m really enjoying it. It isn’t perfect, but no show is. I’m immersed and each episode is getting even better!
I hope Halbrand is going to be the Ghost King. He is a "thief" after all, as Aragorn calls them.
Dude I turned 5.9k like button to 6k haha xd
This was the first episode that felt like it had it's footing the first two were a mess.  It's Lord of the Rings and a series it didn't need a rushed two ep preface, so what if it take an extra ep or two.  Tell that story in a natural way, that's what the series format is good at, able to approach a novel in detail.  This Ep felt much better, still has some bad pacing in places and it's still trying to do too much but responsible.
Audible belongs to Amazon....
I rly liked the episode untill that hobbit part. I was rly anoyed by that.  Numenor looks amazing Orcs look amazing But if they start some romance stuff with Galadriel and Halbrand i will rly dislike that.   Halbrand is interesting. That fight looked cool and I think he will be one of the Nazgul
The episode was okay, again with some major weaknesses: -clunky dialogue -the ugliest warg and worst cgi animal in 2022. How did they approve this warg as good? The LOTR wargs looks hundred times better and they were made 20 years ago.  -the fight scene with the elve where he jumps on the chain and breaks a huge log. What has this show with ridiculous jump attacks?  -The moment where Halfbrand steals Galadriels knife from the captain -The moment where Halfbrand give Galadriel his knife in the throne room while the queen is literally watching him and a guard is standing behind them Galadriel is only allowed to stay on palace grounds and 2 min later she is at the port to steal a ship Good things: The moment when the orc cut the throat of the prisoner The rest was okaish. Sadly too many bad moments. It can be seen that the show runners are inexperienced and they seem to make same mistakes as in their star trek movie.
I just want to say this comment section is amazing respectful and positive. So refreshing
This episode was a real masterpiece
I totally think Adar is Sauron.
I very much dig this show so far. And also your channel so im gonna sub. Hope thats kool with you :D
The show is GARBAGE.
Galadriel in this episode acts as my dnd players, stupid and arrogant
That scene where Halbrand looks at the blacksmith I’m getting that similar feeling of the Ring’s creation by Sauron
The showrunners should have made two different timelines one with Elves and rise of Sauron another with Elendil in late second age. Witcher did it why couldn't they. Its like watching Gandalf after coming to middle earth directly went to Frodo and formed the fellowship.
Are your reviews sponsored by Amazon?  Just out of curiosity.
If the mark/symbol is Mordor, why did Sauron carve that symbol into Galadriel's brother, Finrod Felagund's flesh, thousands of years earlier in the 1st age? When Morgoth was still in power and Sauron just Morgoth's lieutenant.
@28:14 - looks like a Palantir reflected in Miriel's eyes.  Based on her eye motions as she enters this room and addresses her father, as well as the showrunner's comments about how intentional all the details are, I am guessing that this means he is elsewhere on Numenor (or middle earth or Aman - can guess if we know the direction she is facing in relationto the Palantir)
So, nobody's bothered by the fact that Isildur is born in S.A. 3209, while the Rings are supposed to be forged circa S.A. 1500 ? 🤔
Reviewing the show made by Amazon while being sponsored by Amazon. Makes sense.
Even though I can see what's going on while watching the episodes, I love hearing these knowledgeable explanation of what I just watched. It's like watching it for the second time. 👍
You objectively appreciate the details that have been put into this production . I'm kind of tired of so many channels 100% rejecting any part of this show because of their biased " middle earth is mine " mentality. It's not a perfect show and it has many flaws and stretches for sure . But if you don't like something at all , better ignore it and move on.
Not enough latinos. 0/10
I loved the part where Sauron kneels on a burnt field and says: " I love the smell of napalm in the morning...smells like victory". Gave me the chills.
This show is terrible, I’m gonna have to keep watching it, but I’m super unhappy with it all around.
This episode was lame not gonna lie. Orcs look dope though.
I was surprised that I had pretty much nothing to complain about during the first two episodes.  This one had the extra, extra smiley Galadriel on horseback, the Harfoots being just a tad too silly, the warg CG was a bit clunky, and Halbrand offering to buy the next round had me scratching my head asking "does he even have a wallet never mind money?"  These were pretty small things though and I plan on watching it again over the weekend.   I'm really enjoying your breakdowns and, not that I've been reading more than a handful of comments each video, this is the only spot I've come across that isn't hate-filled toxic trolls. Hooray!
Galadriel is not a likeable protagonist, very petulant and almost short sighted. Running headfirst into things without a plan, im not rooting for her, Hellbrand is more likeble. So far, Arondir and Poppy are my fave characthers. Anyway, I had a blast watching the evil poodle-- I mean, Warg!
"Acting Feanorean" - excellent insight
I'm enjoying this show for what it is... but dang dude you must be truly bought and paid for.  It's so painfully obvious when you make excuses for silly plot logic or skim over the most needless and damaging deviations from canon... like Galadriel's entire character design lol
This video helped me see a lot of things I missed in this episode.  However, I disagree with the comment that Galadriel's assertion that her meeting with the "new Aragorn" was no accident was just wishful thinking for Galadriel.  I think the writer's were honoring a very dominant theme in Tolkien's writing that in the midst of all that was happening on the ground in Middle Earth, there was an unseen hand moving behind the scenes working on behalf of the characters who were fighting for good. You see it in the dialog where Gandalf tells Frodo that Bilbo's merciful choice not to kill Gollum when he had the chance could be a decision with important implications later, and that Gollum might have a part to play that shouldn't be interfered with.  You also see it in the unfolding circmstances and the timing of things that could be interpreted as merely for dramatic effect but were more importantly evidence of a guiding hand that worked on behalf of the characters.  In episode 3, I think Galadriel was giving voice to that.
Even #Adobe is cramming this sh!t in my face; I start photoshop and man-gal's face is the splash screen.    The RoP offends me as a fan of Tolkien lore.
So far (not this episode so much) I find the Harfoots interesting for several reasons. They are a relatively small groups that don't settle down in any one place permanently or have farms/fields, much like our ancient hunter-gatherer ancestors. Those who research into climate change, will know what I am poking at now. Many civilisations and groups/races of people do not live in balance with nature (mother nature) and pay the price for it...  But they (Harfoots) keep to themselves, and this is where we could find some interesting stories with some of the Harfoots getting involved with the Blue Wizards, men, Dwarves and Elves, and even teaching them somethings about living in peace and harmony with the natural world. Some of this learnings and quiet wisdom, pass down to the later wizards and hobbits, even men.
This show is so aids
What do you suppose is the statue at 24:57?
My jaw dropped when I saw Jed Brophy's name in the credits. He has now One Up-ed Sir Ian McKellen with more appearances in a Tolkien adaptation.
Hutouch is one app that binds all devices
Can you please keep this up? You're so unbiased and tell the story. Your videos are how I'm watching the series plus learning about LoTR. Some ppl don't have time, or want to risk paying for something they won't like. Your videos are like getting the show, plus background, plus great music, and a warm blanket after a long night.
You heard it here first-- those priest like figures in numamor will wake up the balrog that is in numinor and that is what is raining down fire in the habour in the trailer
The horror and violence is indeed set a bit too high.
Did orcs ever actually get burnt from sunlight like they portray in this show? I always though Tolkien just said they prefer not to travel in the sun and they are a bit weaker
Galadriel is sooo bad in this show.  Demanding, demeaning, complaining.  She's the ultimate Karen.
A mish mash. A lot don't make no sense. The pace is both slow and fast at the same time. The characters are shallow.
Completely soulless, big waste of money from Smeazos.
They won't be chanting the sea is always right when we all know what happens later on...
In the first episode we see Arondir standing atop a tower keeping EYE on the “southlands”, a lone mountain sitting behind him (foreshadowing), The orcs are actually building Mordor and searching for the sword the child has, the first morgul blade that will corrupt Halbrand he may even become the Witch King of Angmar if he is one of the nine mortal men doomed to die that go on to be ring wraiths
But Elendil didn’t have a daughter and was nearly 8ft tall.   And the idea that “Adar” is a fallen elf, corrupted by evil does not align with the texts. Elves, by their nature cannot be corrupted.   Amazon really is trying hard to break cannon.
20:30 "the most human on human violence we've seen in a middle earth adaptation" didnt the rohirrim and the gondorian scouts kill easterlings/haradrim in lotr?
what if hallbrand is Sauron in disguise???
Glad you noted Galadriel is indeed, at this point, acting very much in line with ol' Uncle Feanor's character.
Lame👎👎
Anyone else disappointed that the Numenoreans have such an accelerated timeline?  The rings of power haven't been forged yet, so we're going to get 2000 years compressed into a single lifespan, since Isildur is alive.  Every war that happens in the second age is going to be combined into one war - the last alliance of men and elves. (with a brief interlude where Sauron convinces them to invade Valinor?) Can't wait for the twist ending where Galadriel cuts off Sauron's finger, Isildur picks up the ring and refuses to throw it into the fire, then Galadriel cuts his finger off too. (I mean come on - do you think it's going to be Elendil and Gil-Galad that duel Sauron when Amazonian Galadriel swore her Feanor Oath to kill him?)
Wait, the video's sponsored by Audible? Doesn't Amazo own Audible?
the slow motion horses face made me chuckle
What with that stupid Galadriel SLOW horse riding scene was that necessary? yuck!!  Man the elves are weak and stupid, that dog cgi so bad haha  And that guy stole a pin so he can be a blacksmith? What??  Regarding The half-foot - Why is there no young males, just old males and young girls??? haha  And Galardriel is suppose to be tall, she even taller than gandalf in lotr, but you can see how short she is lol Galadriel shouldnt need a ship. She can just swim to Middle Earth I don't care about the migration of the Herpes
Wow the bots in the comment section are in full swing here
ChaChing. Follow the money.
Honestly despite all the hate from antiwoke crowd I just haven’t been feeling this series so much yet. And I don’t even think it’s content related, even GOT has been a chore to click play on. I think it’s better for home releases in the winter or spring when people have less going on, and are generally more housebound and thinking more clearly due to lower temps.
The actor playing Halbrand is the best performance in the show up until now. He is awesome. Massive Aragorn vibes but with a mean/evil streak.
Adar is the witch king and the guy with galadriel is sauron. He manipulates the queen with high elequency like sauron is known for and when he sees the smiths is the bigest easter egg. Sorry for the bad english
I always add about 1 more point to the show rating after watching your breakdowns.  Makes me appreciate it even more when I understand the lore and attention to detail.
This sows garbage
Wouldnt have been mad if the hobbit storyline were completely cut from the first 3 episodes. Boring and pointless 3 hrs into it.
Some wierd cliches they throw in but I hope they play on those to subvert our expectations
This was my favorite episode so far, and the only time I’ve really felt like I was in middle earth.   Ps. Sauron that u?
The Orcs are the only saving grace. They have managed to make them every bit as vile and repugnant as Tolkien himself intended. Its the same old "evil only understands evil" dynamic I guess. The elves in this show dont act at all like Elves. They are just interchangeable humans with pointy ears. The only elves that act like elves are in Lindon with their own kind like how it's supposed to be. Galadriel is presented as a spoiled pampered princess and and not the eons old wise Elven queen she is supposed to be. Surprisingly I enjoyed the portrayal of Harfoots minus the obvious racial appropriation.
I‘ll be honest. I did not like this episode. It was messy and character behaviour was strange. Galadriel’s one dimensional personality is just being hot headed petulant child. Aren‘t elves supposed to be wise? The slow mo scenes were awful….especially that horse scene. That was really really bad and I have no idea how that made it into the show. I enjoyed the first two episodes probably an 8/10 but this one was a solid 4/10.
E1: elves, E2: Dwarfs, E3: Men. E4: Orcs?  And the giant is Gandalf, for sure. Pretty sure Halbrand is Sauron in disguise. Big flood is coming.  The men of Numenor call Halbrand a low man because that is what he is. In Tolkein's world Numenoreans were better than other men. They were taller, stronger, and lived longer. They were better educated and had better stuff. Contemporary audiences might feel uncomfortable with the idea of a "superior" race, but there it is. So far the Rings of Power seems to be making good choices ignoring the dated parts of Tolkein's world.
Booooo
Waist of time trash show such a shame
"Ugly Sonic" hahaha. That's gold.
Best of the three episodes so far.  Not a fan of the Harfoots however.  Feel like they are around just for story filler.
The Harfoot were not my favorite this time.
Who is prince imrahil
I genuinely enjoyed the episode and am looking forward to the next one
The idea of Halbrand trying to regain his lineage makes good sense.  But the theory I have is that he could potentially be The Mouth.   The way he is able to talk to people convincingly. Both the queen and Pharazon. And when he is able to win over the guys in the market. But when he has to he will resolve to violence.
My husband was very struck by the orc tunnels and regional devastation.  He felt it was very reminiscent of WWI trenches
no need to watch RoP and fall asleep. ill just watch & listen to your clip and I'm all good.
I think halbrands going to return with galadrial to try to free the Southlands, and have things go poorly. This will eventually lead to him meeting sauron who is still disguised, and sauron will give him the ring of power that turns him into the witch king. In the end he's going to be corrupted by the very thing he wanted to defeat.
It would have made so much more sense to send Elrond to Numenor instead of Galadriel. There are so many angles to explore. Does he visit? Did he stop visiting after a time? Do they revere him for his place in their ancestry, as a great-great-granduncle? As a half-elf, Elrond could have some fascinating conversations with Pharazon about the differences and similarities between the races. Alas, the writers wanted to ensure we received the email that Galadriel is an impetuous warrior. In fact, we got an interminable Peter Jackson-style unmotivated slow-motion scene of her riding a horse. Great choices, guys.
Got to say - your breakdown is more entertaining than the show.
Dunno i always wanna shout Elendiiil!! just like Aragorn did in Battle of Middle Earth game🤣
Would the witch king be in there at this time? Idk but sauron would be there. Also he is talking about staying and takeing opertuneties, sooo my guess is he's sauron
Wheres the spider who destroy that tree?
That thing was not a warg, I don't know why they had to change the way they look they were great the way they were, look how they massacred my boy
I think making tunnel is better than traveling at night because of the surprise / sneak factor, like how they kidnap whole village easily rather than attacking at night. Plus you don't know from where the orcs are coming.
The best part of this show was when Galadriel asked Yoda “Do you like Huey Lewis in the news?” And after five minutes she proceeded to kill Yoda with a lightsaber in the shape of an axe in the face
Orcs be like Floridians in the summer sun looking for AC, Adar said the thermostat is to stay set at 36c.
The story is beginning to stretch and spread itself out in various directions. And we didn't even get to see Li'l El and Big D in Khazad-Dum, which is my favourite strand so far! Comparisons are invidious, but HOTDis rather hindered - IMHO - by having essentially a single storyline, the succession, thereby necessitating some random dragon action at the end of each episode to divert our attention from the fact that we just watched 40 minutes of people in fancy dress talking to each other. But each to their own...
Nooooo Audible buying out Nerd of the Rings
1.25x speed, you're welcome
This show treats cannon like a wet rag. Disgusting
Really good episode. I really loved the return of practical effect Orcs, and Tar-Miriel being a stoic regent. For meteor man, I'm wondering if this is setting the stage for the Isatri (and maybe Gandalf) as building a relationship with halflings. Gandalf is often mocked for the faith and interest he puts in them. Maybe this is trying to sow those seeds of bonding
Elendil is giving me hope for the series. I very much appreciated the actors portal of him.
Ugly sonic. 😆
We will see many seasons of this. The early haters will change.
Sponsored by Audible (i.e. Amazon). Maybe that's all we need to know?
Show is horrid
I’m leaning toward Halbrand being the Witch King simply because Sauron is 99% probably the guy we see in the last few seconds miles a way from Halbrand. Also i love all the elvish in these episodes. It give a whole other layer to the story that most people have to crack out the elvish dictionary to translate.
Halbrand is a future nazgul. If this show is going to betray the story then I don’t mind them showing some nazgul backstories tbh. I think Sauron has not been shown yet, none of these characters are Sauron. He will come later. They need to deceive the audience just like how Sauron will deceive the people. Btw that warg looked absolutely ridiculous. The original lord of the rings and even the hobbit had good wargs. This warg basically a junkie looking dog lol.
the casting for Miriel is terrible. Shes a good actress, but shes not right for the role. I enjoyed the episode, but the non canon stuff like the harfoots and the elf guy are awful
I knew instantly that was Jed! Without even knowing he had been cast in this, his orcs are just so iconic. I also like that we’re seeing different kinds of wargs and wolves. Rabid Sonic was one of the scariest versions of a warg to me! I personally like the Harfoots, but I’ve always been partial to hobbits and I like seeing their ancestors depicted, it shows how they were somewhat more primitive before they eventually settled in the Shire. I agree the slo-mo horse bits were a bit too slow and cheesy, even for a horse girl like me, and even if it was the most beautiful horse they could find.  Thanks for these overviews. I’ve read LOTR dozens of times, but I don’t have a lot of the earlier lore committed to memory, so I find myself recognizing the names and trying to remember who is related to who while I watch.
I was very sure that Halbrand was not Sauron before this episode, and now I am 100% convinced of it. All of the hints people thought meant he could be Sauron have been nothing but misdirection.
I appreciate how well Numenor is being portrayed, but I can’t help but notice that it’s being the most affected by the time crunch.
LOL PUG worg was the best part of the show =D
Great episode!!!
Good try but this show is still garbage!
Book timeline:  Mordor is build in 1000 second age Other 19 Rings forged in 1500 second age The one ring forged in 1600 second age . . . Elendil born in 3119 Second age  in the show Morder is going to be build after birth of Elendil!!!! how is that possible!
I think that halbrand has some noble roots and at some point he will unite his kin that had previously served souron against souron thus becoming a leader among men. But eventually he will become deceived after receiving his one of the rings of men. And eventually become a wraith and maybe even the witch king
I may be alone in this, I don't know.  First of all I am very intrigued by this series and it keeps me coming back.  That said, the Galadriel character in this seems almost heartless,  beyond determined and strong, but missing that "fairness" that brought Gimli around to adoring her.   In Jackson's version, and in the LOTR books, she was strong, powerful, straight forward, but also compassionate and hospitable.  I hope to see that come out, even a little, as the series goes on.  I confess though, I have not read all Tolkien 's books, so my impression of her could be way off.
I don’t get the timeline here. The rings were forged 1500 years before the birth of Elendil…
Fantastic episode. Overall, I loved it, but waaaaay too much air time for the harfoots. For some reason this side story is just annoying. Really hoping there is an amazing point to this in the end
Timeline Timeline Timeline of the books is damaged!!!! why??? Elendil should not be in year of 1000 Second age!!!!! This episode shocked me by this!
Episode 3 was so much better than the first two. The fixation on the drama in Numenor was what I was looking forward to. It’s really a shame that the Silmarillion rights were not acquired in this series. It would be more cohesive. I think the king we witnessed near the high queen will evidently be the lord of the Nazgûl. The canon seems to lean you to believe him to be the greatest of the nine from Numenor. Who knows? Love to keep guessing. Adar will probably be a side story that they have added. Somehow there will be a connection but it is a new character I would wager for the show since they lack material without rights from the notes and the Silmarillion. Possibly a Dark Elf?
If only this BILLION DOLLAR show had as much depth as your video but it does not. Instead it's boring, poorly written, with one dimensional characters. Disappointing.
Great video, YouTube kept showing me trash anti Amazon/RoP channels filled with ppl that pretended to have read a book. Love the show and this channel.
Animation on the warg when it got hit was pretty terrible
The orcs just despise the sun they are not vampire. Jesus.
Prediction.   Once more episodes come out the obviously biased "this show is horrible" comments will subside. They will turn into, "now it's getting better".   In season 2 it will become, "see! They listened to our feed back, now the show is good"
Does anyone else believe that Halbrand is Sauron? There are to many hints for him. What Gil-Galad said about Galadriel that she will help bring back the darkness, the fact that he immediately tried to become a smith, the fact that he twice was able to smooth talk and make people like him. Plus he literally wears black clothes in contrast with Galadriel's white
Pharazon iz the best character in this show so far as well as Elendil
Did some deep digging on the cast, and the face shape of adar at the end of the episode really matched Joseph Mawle, whose character is listen as Oren. This led me to an article in February that gave me this: Oren is supposedly the codename for a character named Arden, a villain in the series; Arden is quite possibly the series’ main villain, supposedly an Elf who directly serves Sauron. In the casting call, the character was described as follows: “A villain who can also evoke a deep sense of pathos and wounded / fallen nobility. Must possess a certain degree of physicality. Should seem middle-aged, though must also project a sense of timelessness.”  That same article updates Arden to Adar. This makes a lot of sense considering this is a 50 episode series arc. Bringing out Sauron so quickly would really quench the slow burn. I really like the idea of them drawing out the backstories of ancillary characters from the books. Keeps the slow but inexorable spread of darkness going well.
Now I always thought the war of the last alliance would be the endgame of this series. It’s not though right? Cause then they would have to fit all that story into a less then 200 year timeline cause Isildur has to be alive until then. On the other hand the fact that he is already alive means they are going to compress A LOT. As someone who has seen a lot of backstory videos but never read the silmarillion I am near the height of confusion at this point. Like the forging of the ring is 600+ years before Isildurs birth. How much compression is going on here? 2500ish years into 200?! And Erendil would have to be alive as well so a compression into like 100 ish years is happening here? In addition isn’t the war between Elves and Sauron (which hasn’t startet yet) suppose to be many hundreds of years long?
I think stranger in between the hobbits is later turn into the Gandalf 🤔🤔
Thank you for not being a hater. I am a deep ME lore-head, and there is a lot i instinctively don't like about this adaptation (though that isn't the right word), so i enjoy hearing your comments and feelings - this week you reminded me about something I had forgotten about the PJ movies: For all their craft and commitment they still seemed like Fairy Stories, and this is a weakness in the source material. Whilst he was a great crafter of Myth, JRRT's world is pretty fake, a painted set in front of which stories unfold. The Shire has some depth, but none of his other settings, magical and epic as they are, have a feeling of lived-in reality. Personally I think his characters are mostly pretty hollow too - archetypes at best. I was reminded of this when you were comparing Armeneloth with Minas Tirith. This series has many challenges beyond working from scant and fragmented sources whilst navigating rights issues - It has taken on the daunting task of making this world believable and attractive to a casual contemporary viewer, whereas all PJ needed to do was retell the story. I remember how excited I was to see places like Minas Tirith, but it never looked or felt like a real city where people lived real lives.  So I have to give credit to the series for trying to fill out this world and bring it to life. There are many problems and much to cringe at, but I will continue to support it and look for things to admire.
I think Halbrand will retake his place as a king of the southlands. When sauron will do his plan with the rings, Halbrand will take one of the nine and become one of the Nazgul, i dont think he is the witch king tho. Make sense to add one story about a nazgul in the show, since we only know 2 of them so far.. (Witch king and Khamul).
I'm seeing so much copium in the comments my god people. Are you really okay with the CWs Rings of power being this boring?
People will still find a way to hate on this show even after a numenor episode. Everyone was acting like the first 2 episodes were the entire series and some sort of failed grand finale.
Loving the show so far
Also that warg looked so bad
I'm still not convinced that Adar is Sauron.
I love your positivity and your breakdowns really bring out details I missed while watching.  I’m still not on board with the show.. some of the changes and design choices are a bit grating for me.  I will say, I like Arondir. I think he’s the best new character so far. Lindon and Numenor look great. But much of the writing has been a let down and I cannot abide the hobbits.. I feel like they’re too tribal and their story is so bland. There’s nothing endearing about them like Tolkien’s hobbits. I’m still holding out hope that something will grab me and make me fall in love with the series!
The Arondir story line was much less annoying than episode 1 and 2 where it felt exactly like a soap opera. I ended up enjoying the Orc scenes quite a lot. And the shots of Numenor were just.. wow. I'm still very concerned about the Galadriel-Halbrand romance personally. Overall I felt like this episode become more immersive. Excited to see how the story develops.
1:47 The Lord of the Rings in the Multiverse of Jed Brophy
Still amused and frustrated at the lack of tact and diplomacy by Galadriel the Eldar. It doesn't make her look "strong" but petulant and inexperienced. You don't demand respect, you command it with your poise and conduct.
I love the hobbits in this show. They're very much like the mysterious littlefolk in legends of the Pacific Islands and each continent on Earth, but with a culture that darkly mirrors the later Shire.
Just read the fall of Numenor in the Silmarilion, thought it was interesting that some Numenorians were far-sighted enough to see the outline of Valinor to the West on a very clear day with their own eyes.. no wonder over time and with Sauron’s persuasion they yearned more and more to be immortal.
Costume design is on point❤️
So far the harfoots are the weakest part of the show for me
That shot of the puppet play, and the hands of the PUPPETEER in slow motion, right after the scene where Elendil learns that his daughter has been accepted as a Mason apprentice (despite having been rejected, and the guild supposedly NEVER reconsidering applications) makes me think that she will be working on the temple to Melkor in Numenor, and she may have been placed there intentionally by someone (the puppeteer) who has larger intentions related to Elendil
Thank you for your channel, I subbed.  I was in a LOTR trivia club in 1979 whilst in Military School and have read all the 4 main books dozens of times. The Rings of Power has brought me back to Middle Earth and made me want to learn more of Tolkien's lore.
Totally agree with everything. Especially on their way to who cares lol
The tunnels are supplylines
IT'S SO GOOD!  Wow, just wow.  Like most people here I was skeptical of the show, but so far it has more than delivered.  Smart, beautiful, well conceived, easter eggs galore, and Orcs are SCARY (no counting kills to break tension here).  So far so good.
This show at times feels like it has two different writers, one who understands subtlety and one who doesn't
I was worried that they would remove Anarion from the show, I was so relieved when they mentioned him
Adar is Sauron
I was also starting to think the pickpocket guy could be Sauron; his character so far seems to be someone very good at manipulating others while also having an interest in smithing, he avoids conflict with others (presumably to keep a low profile), and he absolutely wiped the floor of the group of men that tried to beat him up in the alleyway despite not being a very big guy. Though incongnito Sauron in the second age took the form of a being that looks like an elf, correct? The mysterious figure at the end of the episode in the orc pit also seems to be a good candidate for Sauron, so who the hell knows. Why do people think the pickpocket guy may be the Witch King? Obvously the rings of power haven't been forged yet, so are people thinking that this is a man that will take the thrown of some kingdon and receive one of the 9 rings?
Regarding Halbrand, I think a servant of the Enemy would look fairer and feel fouler.
I can see Halbrand becoming one of the nazgul in the end, maybe even the witch king, he could be Sauron in disguise too but now I doubt it, his story will probably end up in tragedy, that's why I don't think they'll do a romance between him and Galadriel, maybe just end up in friendship, otherwise (SPOILER) no Celeborn, no Celebrian, Elrond never married, then no Arwen = poor Aragorn. By the way, so far Elendil and Durin have won me quicker than the other characters.
The ending is definitely Annatar aka Sauron other form.
The drinking water scene was sort of weird… I didn’t get why he offered them water… just to let two drink, then kill one…
While I have shamefully never read any of the books on Numenor, I could not think of anything then Constantinopole, the Great Library of Alexandria & Atlantis, sure the mythical city is the main inspiration but those other 2 are actual historical materials when seeing this city,
The direction given to Galadriel is terrible. The black elf, Elendil, and Isildur rock. Story is pretty bad, but the settings are top-notch.
That plot galadriel looking desperately for sauron it's just ridiculous, show runners should came out with something more original stuff 😄  And for you Need of The Rings I cannot believe you giving publicity to this crap of a show is a total disrespect to Tolkien's memory, I don't think he would be happily agreed seen how his work of a life being rewritten and profaned such disrespect, shame on you Nerd of The Rings and alll everyone that supports this amazon nonsense, you all not truly Tolkien admirers, show a little respect in his name at least
Your easy pleased
I'm beginning to wish they didn't the the Harfoot story at all and used the extra time to help develop the other stories and explain how they're connected. Someone I was watching with thought it was very disjointed and while I could explain how the other stories tied together, the Harfoots don't have any known ties to the others. So if they hadn't done that and used the time to further develop the other threads (such as explaining how Sauron is influencing Numenor) would probably help give the show a more cohesive feeling while also giving the audience more time to get attached to some characters.
Harfoots: "Our hearts are even bigger than our feet." Also Harfoots: "If you can't keep up, we won't think twice about leaving you behind and letting you die."
this harfoot stuff is getting annoying. maybe halbrand is somehow connected the haradrem they live in the deep south right . I think the two most likable caracters to me are elrond and elendil
Biggest shill page for this show on YouTube 😂
I thought the Warg looked like absolute trash CGI and preferred the ones from the two towers / hobbit
I rather watch paint dry
Episode 3 blows
The only thing worse than this show are the people who support it.
I was a bit surprised by this one. Galadriel is still kind of insufferable... she apparently isn't happy unless she's riding a horse. But she at least seems like she's scowling a bit less in this one. Idk. I think the actress is great, but I think the writing so far is really failing to make her likable or actually feel like Galadriel. Everything about Numenor is interesting and looks great. That storyline and Elrond's storyline are really good.  Arondir's storyline is ok, but it's not great imo. I really think they should've done a better job at making the elves stand out. In the films, there was no question if you were looking at an elf or a man. I'm not a Tolkien expert, but I thought the elves were supposed to have an ethereal or angelic quality. Just giving all of them the long Elrond or Legolas hair would look better imo. I know it's a weird gripe, but what if some dwarves were clean shaven? Some of the elves look more like Greek philosophers than the immortals they're supposed to be.  And finally, the Harfoots... I know it's still early, but this storyline has been a big miss so far. I don't care about any of them, it's boring, and it slows down the other plotlines. And how does the line about them having hearts bigger than their feet make sense when they leave their own kin to die if they can't keep up?
Loved this episode! Elendil was perfect. The thought that he and Gil-Galad will team up against Sauron on the slopes of Mt Doom is really exciting.
One tiny thing that caught my attention and seems out of place is that Elendil says "oh good gods" in the scene talking to his son and made-up-for-the-show daughter.  It is a bit out of place since Numenor was the one place in mortal lands where Eru Iluvatar was actually "worshipped".  Three times a year, the Numenorians would ascend Mount Meneltarma and the King would praise Eru.  Although the Valar are referred to as the "lesser gods" by Tolkien I don't recall any characters "in book" doing so.
Just watched the third episode thinking it would start to get better but the show keeps getting worse. Elendil is the only person who could act. The rest of the cast could get captured by orcs for all I care. They think they can get away with sprinkling us Tolkien fans with little pieces of lore and keep us satisfied, but you can't fix lazy writing and a half @$$ storyline
Halbrand will be one of the nine !? 😉
Loved this episode and I loved your breakdown…I want more!!
I get the feeling that the showrunners think they're being clever by making everyone seem like they could be sauron. galadriels boyfriend, meteor man, now adar.   they haven't fooled me!  I hope they do tho. Some awesome character that you'd never think in a million years is sauron, turns out to be sauron.   Like Durin's wife.   Sauron is very committed. He even gave birth to little dwarf babies. I bet he's looking for his old buddy Larry.   It's a little known fact that the balrog in Kazad-dum is named Larry.
I love all the details you point out, as one who hasn’t read all the stuff outside the main 4 books.  Arondir being the one to cut the tree, and asking for forgiveness, cuts an extra bit more as we got in episode 1 that Arondir specially was “a grower” before the war.
Each episode has gotten better so far! I love episode 3
It was soooo hard to watch episode 3. I found it so boring. Switched off half way through the episode. The PG rating is really starting to show (when elf was killed)
I cried so bad for puppy :'(
I love all the hating trolls. Did mommy not give you guys enough attention growing up? :(
Can you do a video on the complete travels of the silmirals? Along with descriptions and abilities(if any)
i think episode 1 & 2 was boring but setting things up atleast i was hoping that ! now after watching episode 3 its definitely starting to pick up and that’s exactly what episodes 1 & 2 were doing so i feel like the upcoming episodes are gonna be real good and now for the first time i’m actually looking forward to the next episode and beyond!
Episode 2,5/10 The lore is destroyed
I liked the first 2 episodes  The 3 episode was decent What I really hated in this episode are the following: 1- the crown of Míriel  2- how short-minded Galadriel is 3- “the sea is always right” part 4- Medhor death slow motion scene was not necessary because his not an important character and it was cringy, it should’ve been a quick throat slit followed by him dropping down and the action beginning 5- Galadriel slow motion horse scene was horrible.  6- the carpet or the painting was ugly 7- Arondir killing an Orc with a F***ing TWIG!!  8- the orcs being to vulnerable to light is an exaggeration they hate the light but not burn from it.  9- the warg CGI is bad and has human eyes and doesn’t look good  10- how did the watch warden die there was nobody and he also got shot from both sides 11- Adar should’ve been revealed in this episode 12- I was hoping to see some dwarvish scenes
This episode was painfully slow.  Just because it's pretty doesn't mean it's good.  And the harfoots are insufferable C words who throw their kin under the bus.
Galadriel was better in this episode
When they say " the sea is always right " in french it sound really good and it is really on point
I'm not sure about the Witch-King of Angmar, per se, but I think it's definitely plausible that Halbrand will become one of the nine, after uniting his people, attempting to do the noble thing, and then being overtaken by the power of one of the nine rings, gifted to him by Annatar.  Alternate rouge theory: Halbrand unites his peope & resists the wooing from Annatar, but Theo, who I suspect will become a great warrior (with a sharp, smoky secret in his backpocket) under the leadership of Halbrand, keeps drinking the dark kool-aid we saw him sip in episode 2, takes the ring that Halbrand rejects, and betrays him in secret, becoming a warrior-king who becomes one of the nine.
This episode was a let down for me, well.. half of it was kinda pointless slug, I just don't feel it, makes me sad.
Ok so not sure how many will read this but... near the end when the half foots are walking and the Old Guy! Is helping them catch up....  I think that opening in the rocks is what will be the gates to Modor! Aka the Black Gate.    The half foots are entering into Modor! I also now feel that the meteor old guy is Gandalf! Which is off because it isn’t the 3rd age...  However I think the half foots will get into trouble and in episode 8 he will full Gandalf and call the eagle’s to rescue all the half foots.  I’m writing this now as record but I kinda want to be wrong lol.
“Adar” is definitely Sauron in his fair form.
Nerds, Nerds, please chill out with the criticism and just enjoy the ride. Let's just appreciate more of Tolkien's world coming to life! I think this director did a great job and the next episode will be directed by the same director, so I am loving this and enjoying it
What was the purpose of the Moob armor?
Really liked this episode. I’ve been waiting my whole life to see Numenor depicted in its full glory and there it was. As for Hallbrand, my money is on him turning out to be Eorl, the first king of the Rohirrim. Hallbrand is just a very Rohan name, plus check out the music during the scene when he’s in his cell talking with Galadriel. Some moments in there sound very familiar.
Elendil must have known or recognized her dagger.  We see plays depicting Galadriel in his home city.  Her story is clearly somewhat known, so it would make sense that Finrod’s tale is also told (hunting Sauron and all that).
Huge Tolkien fan.   So far the RoP is just disappointing. Galadriel is not an engaging protagonist, the non-Hobbit sub plot is not interesting, and the writing is at best uneven. The elves are just humans with pointy ears and bad hair cuts. Jackson nailed elves, but not so for RoP - which is a shame considering the elves feature so prominently in the Second Age.   I'll give it until S1E4, and if it hadn't improved then I'm out.
Sons of Gondor and Rohan!   My brothers.   I see in your eyes the same fear that would take the heart of men.   A day may come when the courage of Men fails, when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship, but it is not this day.   An hour of war and shattered shields when the Age of Men comes crashing down, but it is not this day! This day we fight!   By all that you hold dear on this good earth, I bid you stand, Men of the West!   "Surrounded and outnumbered a thousand to one,the armies of Men stood. In the darkest hour on the brink of annihilation,The last Armies of Men did the unthinkable. They charged"   For Frodoooooo
For those that are/have been married, the one line by the Numenorian: "The Sea is always Right!" RINGS TRUE THAT THEY ARE MARRIED TO THE SEA....
I think it got quite ovbvious (perhaps too-obvious) that Adar is supposed to be Sauron
I am pretty sure 'meteor man is Gandalf. The storyline fills a void of why Gandalf has so much affection for Hobbits and why he chooses a Hobbit, Bilbo for his adventure.
I didn't find the "We will wait for you" scnee dark at all. I found it extremely moving. I find the Harfoots extremely endearing. I don't get your sniffing at them. I suppose LOTR and The Hobbit would have been better without those Hobbits bouncing around doing whatever it is they do. This was my favorite episode so far. And I disagree about the Stranger story not mving forward. He saw the map of the stars, he called out to Nori when he was in trouble. He said friend. He is imprinting with Nori and the Harfoots. He is  a child who is learning his values from the Harfoots. And now he's with them for the long run. You're a lore nerd. I get it. But for me who is not, having not read the Silmarillion or Unfinished Tales, the whole thing is a learning experience and my favorite part of it is the Harfoots.
very much enjoying your episode breakdowns, thank you!
I would give this episode a C and that's probably high.
Wow. I have to say, they REALLY have compressed time. Celebrimbor forged the rings of power in the middle of the second age. Pharazon and Elendil existed over 1500 years after the rings were created.
Meteor Man is Gandalf.
The first two episodes were promising but slightly stale, and this one was just plain boring I do like some of the stuff but Galadriel story is just boring
Adar is Annatar
I think this episode was considerably better than the first two - mainly because it focused on one plot line and really explored one character. The Orc tunnel scenes were good -  the Elves working as thralls to the Orcs is also something that has never been shown on screen. I like Arondir's character - stoic and strong.  They can really make Halbrand's story line a proper 'Nazgul' one. A Southorn noble who fights to free his homeland. And then Pharazon and the Numenoreans come and set up colonies and lord over them (the seeds of that cruelty have already been sown). That drives him to accept the aid of the very dark lord that he wa trying to free his people from earlier. I just hope he is not the Witch King - that'd mean ALL the major characters in the story are pretty much revealed in 3 episodes out of 50. Let him be some other Nazgul - they were all mighty and terrible.  Galadriel's character and story line is so confusing - they are asking her to do way too much. Feel like until there is a major turning point, Galadriel will seem pretty lost. And it's not Morfydd Clark's fault, it's the writing. At this point, the Harfoots are pretty pointless. They only exist to give the fallen *Istari* a context. Overall, if episodes 1 and 2 were OKish 5.5-6.0, this episode was a very respectable 6.5-7.0. Gives me hope.
Bruh Isildur hasn’t been born yet when the rings are made. How are they gonna make that work? Is he gonna be  like 1600 years old
Honestly, I tried to like this show… episode 3 was a really bad step backwards
Maybe the orcs are digging to find a balrog
@3:20 .. myself I immediately noticed that the hair of Galadriel, which once was so admired it inspired Fëanor to create the Silmarils, looked like she has a hangover. And became short. Hey, she was actually 6'4".
I think there are a lot of paid comments here. Many of them are weirdly similar to each other- saying basically the same thing in the same order with slightly different phrasing.
i heard someone say he will grow to be the king of the dead since he seems to be a runner
Why would Galadriel need/use a saddle to ride a horse? Elves usually have no need
How old is Isildur when he kills Sauron? The timeline is super confusing.... The rings aren't even a concept yet let alone been forged.. Anatar is yet to appear... Numenour hasn't fallen... But Isildur is like early 20s maybe 20 to 30 years away from ending the second age?? So the second age is thousands of years old.... But all the relevant major events happen within a 20 to 30 year period??? Seeing Isildur even existing at this point kind of made me utterly confused!
You went hard on those last 3 minutes, I gaged while eating.
I’m so confused on the timeline goin on… I thought elendil & co were around in late second age, but if the rings of power haven’t been made yet does that mean we’re in mid-second age??
How much did they pay you not to hate on the show?
I just wanna say: I wanna hear more about what YOU think rather than talking about what we already see.
no need to break it down my friend. nothong happened
Of course, Numenor has a QUEEN.
I don't know if Halbrand is the Witch-King, but it looks certain he'll be one of bearer of the Nine Rings of Power. Also, this episode didn't mention Amandil (Elendil's father), I hoped he'll be mention in future episodes, he'll played a very important part at the final days of Numenor.
So you noticed the little orc(?) that Arondir looks at looking back at him? Seemed significant to me, that look. Made me suspect Arondir may have an unknown ally.
I feel as though this channel has grown so much, truly proud off all you work and dedication keep it up:)
A quick breakdown of the episode in 15 min increments   1) no 2)th 3) in 4) g Put all together for nothing and that's the episode.
So Adar is Elven? Sauron ?
So up until I saw Adar I was convinced Halbrand was Sauron. Adar is clearly an elf, Adar means father. That’s Sauron, 100%. Makes Halbrand a nice contender for Witch King, and the Stranger as Gandalf.
Really liked the episode except for the odd horse smiling scene and also the really simple and current day dialogue of the beach scene with the navy cadets - “The sea is always right!” and “nah, you go” in particular. Shouldn’t it at least be “correct” rather that “right” as a more proper term and as NotR pointed out, it could be a little more poetic. The whole beach scene was taking me out of the show with all the dialogue and accents just making it seem like a common British drama.
I liked how the sails on the ship looked like Aragons crown in the movies
Actually back in the original Lord of the Rings trilogy, everytime the story comesback and continues the story of Frodo and Sam and the other hobbits it kinda annoyed me as well because it served like scenes who slows down the excitement and fun of the movies and same thing what the Harfoot is doing in the series.
why does the writing in this feel like its from people that saw the movies once and watched a yt video of the lore before making the show
Halbrand will be the which king of angmar. In this show his character is setting him up for greatness, he won't be sauron like some are speculating, sauron is sauron and hasn't shown himself yet imo as he is a shape-shifter though we know he takes the form of an elf. This episode had better pacing. Still galadriel needs some quality, she really isn't likable currently.
As a person such as yourself who is tremendously deep into the lore of Tolkien’s world, I find it difficult to follow up what you’re commenting on this show.  None of these characters of the TV series show a slightest resemblance to what we -and especially you- know from the books. There are so much difference even to digest.  When I watch this show, all I feel is embarrassment. So out of context with incredible amount of horrible writing. I’m struggling to see any kind of positive outcome at all.
One thing that caught me was meteor-man and the kindness one Hobbit keeps showing him. Once he accidentally snitched Nori out it made me think of when Gandalf was always surprised at the length a Hobbit would go through for something they think is right. Not just in general, as we see Hobbits can be some be some real cold ass SOBS, but the conviction in ones' faith that this is the right thing to do, even if it really sucks. IMO
I’ve just watched ep 3 and I don’t like how Galadriel goes over to numaniur because during this time souron is in numaniur so Galadriel would feel the presence of souron and also Galadriel would be over in middle earth so really from ep 1 when she sails it strays away from tolkiens work. I like the work of Tolkien pls don’t judge me. Ps people can like their own things say for example they might like the rings of power.
For Halbrand to be the witch king or rather to become the witch king could actually make sense.  As far as I understood the lore, the witch king was a great king corrupted by one of the rings and it was given to him by Sauron.  A quick historical chronolgy of events (Spoiler alert)     - The series time span is set from SA 1500 - SA 1700 - Forging of all 9 rings took place SA 1500 - SA 1600 (with Saurons ring being made in  SA 1600) - The war of elves and men vs Sauron began SA 1693 (in which time Sauron also gave the 9 rings to men of power but also the time the Numenoreans sailed to middle earth) So it is possible that Halfbrand returns with Galadrial in oder to unite the southlands under a common king to fight Sauron and redeem his bloodline for supporting Morgoth only to be given a ring by Sauron and ultimately corrupted into the lord of the Nazguls.  The only problem I currently see is that in the series Celebrimbor has not even started forging the rings with Sauron and Halfbrand is a mortal man that cannot live for 100+ years until the rings are finished being forged and the war begins.  So in order to make it happen, there must be some lore that needs to be loosen up for it to fit making Halbrand the witch king and Celebrimbor forging the rings (like not make it take a century to forge all rings but maybe only some decades?)
I'm confused, I thought Adar would be Sauron in this episode.
Halbrand is souron
numenor was the best part of the series so far.
Galadriel is so short
I hope the meteor man is not gandalf! And so far i think the harfoots are pretty unnecessary in this show...
I think Adar is Sauron in his human form ish. And Halbrand will become the witchking. I really like Elendil
Why wasn't the "forgive me" captioned? It would have added depth to that scene.
The Hobbit movies forgot about orcs not liking light
I'm thinking the brandyfoots being left behind might be the thing of how the shire came about
The problem with Adar being Sauron is Arondir and Revion figured it out like straight away so there would be no real mystery to it if it’s actually him. My guess is that he’s some sort of lieutenant.
Adar is 100% Sauron, I’m convinced the stranger is Gandalf after this episode. Halbran I can see being the Witch king or at least one of the 9. Definitely the best episode so far!!  I’m interested how they will turn the lands of what will be Mordor into the place we know.
I'm loving the harfoot story way more than galadriel story
Episode 2 was better than 1 and 3 was better than 1 and 2, so that's a good trend!
I liked this episode but some of it was a bit too cheesy for me. The Numenoreans saying “the sea is always right” and the harfoots singing that “nobody goes off trail” song. a little on the nose for me.
All the comments here seem like shills.
bruv halbrand  is sauron isnt he
The Island that Isthilsur saw could be Tol Eressera "The Lonely Isle" where a kindred of the Eldar called the Teleri dwelled during their migration west to Valinor.  The island itself was moved by Ulmo (Valar that was Lord of all waters) but stopped before reaching Valinor by the wishes of the Teleri.  The eastern most side of that island was a city called Avallone which is where the Elves who visited Numenor regularly sailed from before friendship was cut off.    This is why I think Isthildir is looking that way because his family is still part of the faithful and "elf friends" as said in the Sillmarillion.
I always thought the Sentinels of the Argonath were warning people because of the waterfall.
The green is actually yellow sulfer. Volcanic activity is starting to take place.
Saw a really intriguing theory for Halbrand on reddit that he maybe the  king of the  dead that we seen in return of the king. Curious what others, more knowledgeable of the lore, think??
Loved this episode & all the scenes in Numenor, finding out more of its history, Elendil & his family, Halbrand etc. The scenes with Arondir were good, I'm liking him as a character but hope that they're not going to turn him into an orc (he's shown them that he's a pretty good fighter, resourceful, smart etc) or somehow corrupt him. Lastly, the scenes with Nori are okay but I am starting to feel impatient, I just want to know who the Stranger is and why he fell from the sky, if they keep dragging that I'll just skip those scenes lol
I'm more inclined to think Adar is Sauron, but am prepared to be wrong.  My impression of Halbrand is that he's a tragic figure who knows he's a tragic figure, and acts like one who knows he will fall into darkness and is resigned to that fate.
Love it. Ive tried to learn about the different ages in Lord of the rings, and I found myself surprisingly up tp date for this episode. We all know what this will lead up to, and the journey will be great. Everything we see in these series are but ruins and legends at the time of the fellowship of the rings. Galadriel is still there with Elrond. Its the red line in the Lord of the rings series. And offcourse Sauron, which destroys most in his path.
I'm thinking Halbrand will be the witch king. I thoroughly enjoyed the action in the pit with Arondir and the elves. That scene was sad but well done. The orks looked amazing. Glad Jed B. is involved.  I'm curious to see who their leader is. I don't think it is Sauron yet. I did miss Elrond. I like the actor and I think he is doing good. The Harfoots are slower paced than the rest of the story but I enjoy watching their story develop. It was sad to hear them remember those they lost but necessary for us to get to know them better. I'm still not sure if meteor man is good or bad. Galadriel is finding her way as she unravels the mystery. I loved the horse scene but not the hokey smile on her. Haha I loved meeting Isiodor and Elendil. Thank you for your videos. They really are teaching me so much about the world I love. I have read the books but it's been awhile. I think this show is staying as close as they can with the permission of material they have been given. Have they strayed? Probably some but I just am enjoying being back in Middle Earth. I've missed it.
Valar* Illuvatar* ("r" is silent)
I don't know what all of you are watching, but I don't think I've seen it.
This show is sick I really don’t care what people say
I loved every minute.  It's a ground breaking brilliant series
30 minutes of review and not a single genuine criticism about this shitshow. Amazons’s paycheck must be fat. Mouth of Bezos!
Is it possible to come up with a new term for new studio created characters than “original characters”? It’s very confusing for me as I always think you mean characters from the original story / lore.
the sulfur pits are usually around volcanoes , maybe is the future place of the mt doom
Personally, I'm 50/50 on the show so far. I'm not an omega Tolkien fan, but still love his work. This show is somewhat boring at times. They also have too many stories going on at once. So it jumps around a lot. There are things that excite me. But im gradually losing hope in this season. That it will end up just being... meh.
I think Edar might be some corrupted elf (thats why they brining a elf to him), who overwatch progression, I doubt Sauron would meet up with random elf on a working front, if we saw Sauron already my guess would be Meteor man ( ending of episode, alarming music, leaf turned black scene before),  Halbrand is fishy but hes not Sauron, wouldnt give intel on southlands, Slim Shady from trailers yet to make appearance
They love using the strong woman trope but don't ever cast a woman who has the physique to make it believable. Normalise having actually strong women in these roles. Not just a petite slender woman who meets the beauty mainstream beauty standard.
Great video! Why are people downvoting?
I know I was subscribed but had to re-up.  I had just watched episode 3 and then watched this a few moments later.  Very in-depth and now I want to watch it again!  I have been thinking this since Starman came down, the stranger / giant if you will.  What are the chances that's Gandalf?
Was that wwaargh a puppy???
"Puppeteering their fan fiction for the crowd"
I kind of want Halbrand to be Sauron. Probably won’t be but that would be a fun twist
Are you really trying to explain the mess of a show? It has no realistic basis in Tolkien.
Harfoots are the best!
Elendil waa great. He he is honorable and noble.
It seems like this episode swayed a lot of people in the comments. While I'm still intrigued, I wasn't as enthralled. There was still things I liked like the elves in the work camp, the design of the orcs, Elendil, the visuals again (no surprise there), when the Harfoots listed those who have been left behind. But my big thing so far, and I don't mean to compare this with house of the dragon, but it just pops into my head, but after the first episode of HOTD, I really felt like I knew all the main characters there well and I just don't quite have that feeling yet here, with the exception of Elrond and Durin, who were missing from the episode (which I don't think is a coincidence with how I feel about it). Still glad to see some enjoying it though and I still want to see where this goes
the greenish yellow substance is sulfur
⬆️👁⬆️👁⬆️🖱👍
The beacons share a similarity to light houses of antiquity...ie: the light house of Alexandria. Anyone else have ideas on the subject?
It was interesting. It seemed like it was another episode of backstory, I keep wondering when the actual story will start, it doesn't feel like we're there yet.
After 60 plus years of being a LOTR nerd, I’m seeing star island and the original Eddain!  I’m loving the series, watching episodes 1& 2 twice so far.  Hal brand is too close to Hell Brand for my liking.  I think he is the big baddie, Sauron or the witch king.  Neither a good guy.   Thanks for your commentary.  🍁
The only way it could be a direct intervention of Eru would be if Halbrand is to become the King of the Dead? Fate and all that? Though I admit that's a stretch, I think he's at least a Nazgul but hope he's not Sauron.
NOTR is a member of the Faithful.  The review seems objectivel, and watching these saves me from signing up for prime lol.
The hobbits are son unnecessary, I'm sick of dialogues that lead nowhere, orcs getting hurt by the sunlight was cool af
This is a appalling use of Tolkien's work. Galadriel was a regel Character Daughter Finarfin Which Peter Jackson Captured in the Lord of the Rings. This character who is suppose to be Galadriel Is a cheapening of how graceful Tolkien meant her to be.  She never went to Numenor. There was no mention of Hobits in the second age. I watched the first three episodes and can't watch any more. This is a cheapening and distortion of Tolkien's work. I have been a life long fan of all of his works and wish this was much different. It could of been really good considering the budget.
halbrand getting the crest feels like a video game quest
How would they even know she is an elf? Ridiculous!
It's nice to listen to this apposed to people just railing  about what offended them.
This was well done, I like this show -- tired of the haters
Not a good show
I Still hate galadriel the karen. So entitled, she expects everyone to know who she is. But i admit i like the numenoreans.
That scene where galadriel grins while riding a horse looks cringey. It kinda ruined my immersion.
26:19 one question please: Eru intervened *how* when Gollum fell into the lava along with the Ring?
Oh man, so much happened this episode! First of all, they've been really hitting it out of the park with the production design imo. The attention to visual details is really a boon for those knowledgeable enough to notice the references. (Btw, Pharazon's mane is GLORIOUS!) Second, I really appreciate that one of the overarching themes is the tension among the different races and communities. Elf against Man, High Man against Low Man etc.  Even though I cringed when Galadriel kept talking about Numenor as if the Noldor gave it to the Numenorians. To me, this kind of statement shows exactly how much this Galadriel is nowhere near the same as the LOTR-time Galadriel. She's very "Feanorian" as you mentioned. I believe this will be her journey: realising that the Elves, and especially the Noldor, need Men if they really want to uproot all of Morgoth's influences. For Halbrand, during the smithy scenes I was also starting to believe he was Sauron. But the prison scene made me believe otherwise: He's Theo's father most likely and was a smith. He either found or was given (maybe by Adar?) the broken sword and began trying to reforge it. However, as he was working on it, he felt the blood call and decided to get the hell out of the Southlands. That would explain why he's a deadbeat dad but not necessarily full evil yet. I'm still deciding on Elendil, because he's obviously a good guy in the broad sense but I don't like how he kept behaving towards his kids. I am interested in their family drama though 🤷‍♀️ As for the Harfoots, I reckon that beyond the necessary connection to the Stranger, the point of their community is how trying to constantly avoid danger brings the opposite results. Their entire zeitgeist revolves around avoidance and staying low. However, as we know, they're already very close to the biggest danger of all, and they don't even suspect anything because they keep themselves away from any source of new information. Lastly, I don't think Adar is Sauron. Why would Sauron live in such squalor when he has his Orc slaves to do his bidding. I think Adar is likely a man or maybe even a non-Noldor Elf. I also hope they keep Sauron's fair physical form for a later BIG reveal, like a season finale cliffhanger or something. Anyways, to me it's obvious that the Orcs are trying to make the land theirs, so to speak, not only to force everyone else to abandon that region, but also to literally turn the land more Orc-friendly and corrupt. PS: I can't believe we got no Celebrimbor this episode 😕
Fantastic episode
Depictions of Annatar (fair form sauron) were released in the original trailers where he looks very evil, blonde and blue eyes. I personally dont think Sauron will enter yet and that Adar also potentially Halbrand will just be servants of Sauron maybe through the blood oath to Morgoth sworn all those years ago.  Would also be cool to see Númenor  erect a temple in worship to Morgoth and how Elendil will keep secret the faithful. But i doubt so with Silmarillion no rights.
Garbage show
Realizing that the War of the Last Alliance shall happen in nearly 200 years from the point the series currently is, I got quite perplexed that Elendil (and Isildur) were already on scene. But ok, they are Numeror and can live longer... What really frustates me is that Galadriel (as well as Elrond) are so young and different now from what they will be 200 years later, which should be nearly nothing for them. At nearly the end of the Second Age of Arda, Galadriel looks like her younger version from the First Age.
Great episode! The attention to detail in the way they stay true to the history and little things like the old wearing a FA elf helmet I’m seeing in this series is amazing.  The Harfoot scenes are a little annoying as I’m not yet seeing the tie-in, but everything else seems to be linked nicely too. I’m sure things will become clearer here at some point.  Do I really have to wait another week?? Ugh….
I like Galadriel's part in this episode.  But Halbrand and this violence scene is nothing like Tolkien and his writings. It is something strange. Strange AND WEIRD was the slow motion horse scene. This scene should have been cut, or at least be an add for detergents.  Also, Sadoc carries a ring in hin neck, or I am false? Anyway, the graphics are perfect and so is Elendil.
As much as it doesn't fit any timeline we know of I want the stranger to be Gandalf. I like the idea that this is the reason why he has a softspot for hobbits.
Show is boring!!! I am out. Going to read the books, again.
I still think that Halbrand is Sauron, the great deceiver who once united "his people" under banner of Morgoth. Even by the time of LOTR, men are most valuable of Sauron's servants and various groups worship him as a god king... His interest in smithing and ability to negotiate with Numenorians fit into this as well.  Btw I really enjoy this "who is Sauron?" aspect of the show. If some really likeable character is revealed as Sauron in the end, it will really be great from lore point of view. In other words, I just hope that Adar guy living with orcs in tunnels isn't him, that would be really disappointing...
Review lacks depth and reflects a lack of understanding about Tolkien.  Albeit an understanding of the aesthetics and other superficial aspects of Middle Earth.  Bottom line, I think you could do better - hence the downvote.  I do appreciate the review as it makes me satisfied with not watching the show.
The path that the orcs make looks like the black snake in the intro
I am a big fan of the show. I loved this episode. They keep getting better. I hope more people will give it a fair chance. I thought I would hate it from the promos (which were all terrible) and the first episode was boring. But I feel like we are going places now
'Old-school Google image search'...lol classic!
Yeah, Rings of Power is a steaming pile of bovine excrement
Halbrand is Sauron. Show is fan fiction garbage. Have fun guys! 😂
I can't explain it but I love the harfoot scenes, they're just beautiful to look at and feel so comfy
From now on I will say "acting Feanorian" in every conversation I can.
i'm already alarmed that they are grotesquely waisting the dramatic potential of ar pharazon, our potential macbeth character. i was excited for a dance between amandil and ar pharazon, but it seems the writers are determined to make it about characters we have already heard of like isildur and galadriel. humph
Harfoots were very lacking this episode; I'm not a very articulate guy, yet most of their script was dogwater. Numenor looked majestic! Wished for a more in depth scene w/ Galadriel discovering Sauron's plans, like the Obi-Wan series it seems I'm on my toes waiting for more flashback footage! Elves vs Orcs in the pits..... lit!!!! Especially enjoyed the usage of the chains, thought it to be rather clever for an elf. Looking forward to Ep 4, lets go!
That horse shot was so jokes.
Awesome breakdown
I will send anyone money if the6 can tell me what song he uses for the video
I wish the Harfoots story could ramp up and maybe would cross paths with Iarwain Ben-adar (Tom Bombadil) as hes one of the coolest mysterious characters with origins in middle earth pre-dating the coming of Melkor 🤞
If anybody wants to watch a good breakdown just for watch Friday night tights or efap they're honest
I'm in the camp of Halbrand = the future Witch King
Agree with you… I have seen Episode 3 of the Rings of Power and it was great, especially Númenor… Now I think that Adar is most likely Sauron before he takes “Annatar” form, and Halbrand cold end up becoming the witch King of Angmar… Looks like that the Stranger is one of the Istari (Big twist if so)…Looking forward in seeing the full series… Regards🇶🇦
I'm still wondering wheather the tall man (stranger) is gandalf or someone else 🤔 if somebody knows please let me know
Title of Adar beyond named character, has a few fathers in this episode, Elendril as one, Halbrand's father and Queen Muriel's father of Tar-Palantir.
Isn’t the Witch a kind a numenorean? It would be cool if halbrand was the witch king, but it doesn’t line up with the lore. Then again, it’s not as if this series really cares about the lore
Really enjoyed this one, loved the depiction of Numenor. It looks like the political manoeuvring there will be really interesting. The action sequence with the elves was well done. I was worried that it might seem over the top when I saw the trailer, but it was v good. Each episode has built on the previous one so far, v promising.
Loved this episode. The story line is great and it's beautiful to look at as well.
I understand the criticisms of feanorian Galadriel but I really think it will pay off. This is a story where for much of it the bad guys are going to win. And I believe her arrogance - particularly in trusting Halbrand will have major negative consequences for Middle earth which will cause her to reassess her choices and outlook.
I love how when they made the warg, they were like, hmm, what kinda canines do we have? a wolf and a weird little mexican xolo/chihuahua thing? Perfect!
I think Adar is the Mouth of Sauron.
I love that you dont just blindly hate on the show like most Tolkien "fans". I personally dont mind that they changed Tolkiens lore here and there. Only thing is that I cant really get into Galadriel (as an actress) but other than that, I like what I see so far and I am excited to see more. Cant wait until Sauron officially appears.
Agree Harvfoots booooring migration excess of details
Instead of Anarion, Isildur got a sister... And they call us racists for not liking the show...
So who is the TRUE KING or QUEEN of the men? who the guy talking about?.
Elendil definitely has that dad energy, since he was Henry Jones Senior in the Young Indiana Jones Chronicles! Nonetheless, amazing episode!
This episode was 10 times more interesting than the first 2! I enjoyed it!!! I want more!!!!
Harfoot festival is to celebrate their migration and to commemorate those left behind. Dark yet logical, nice touch
Great analysis, as always. Many thanks! Loved this episode, as I have loved the series so far, especially the views of Numenor which were awe inspiring. Am going to like Elendil very much I think. Very worried for Arondir who is another character I like a lot. The respect of the elves for the tree was very well done and the orcs are suitably nasty and cruel. Can't wait for episode 4!
why is there a black queen in the lore? Come on white people, who tf is the producer.
After episode 1 & 2 left me quite cold, confirming many notions from the backlash, episode 3 is starting to make the show look more promising as a storyline is starting to make itself apparent. If it wasn’t for the stellar job the VFX/CGI teams and the set-builders have done in dreaming up middle-earth and the curiosity to see more of their work, I would not have tuned in for episode 3 and I’m glad I did.  I still think the showrunners missed the mark with the casting choice for Galadriel, as she reminds me of the twilight girl whose facial expressions you could count on one hand. And they missed the mark with how they did diversity. Just contrast the gradient of ethnicities that Game of Thrones put on screen across the continents of Westeros and Essos, fleshing out the world with the different cultures, accents/languages and how that communicated a sense of scale of the GoT universe.  Meanwhile, Rings of power makes all of Middle-Earth majority-white with a few tokens sprinkled in, giving the viewer that “fresh off the boat” (from where?) or diversity hire feel. They could have made Disa a transplant from another dwarven house like the Blacklocks  and made that house of dwarves dark-skinned to add Detail to the world. Doesn’t even go against the lore since tolkien never described their skin-colors. But instead, they chose to make her the only black dwarf in Khazad-Dûm, who somehow originated from there. Same with the single black harfoot and the single black elf Arondir. No backstory, no explanation, no detail to add to the world of tolkien. Meanwhile in GoT, when you saw a character from a foreign land, their clothes and accent would reveal where they hailed from and there was always a clear backstory of what brought them where they are now.  Rings of power’s use of diversity by contrast just comes across as a lazy box-ticking exercise to appease the diversity requirements for the oscar/golden globe/emmy nomination that adds virtually nothing to the story or worldbuilding…  Honestly, the laziness of the writers is to blame for the huge backlash that has tarnished the franchise!
Cuck of the rings
Is Rings of Power canon to the movies?
I thought Adar was Sauron lol
literally paid by amazon to shill for them lol
With elendil and isildur does this mean we are in the final years of the second age?
The statue of Earendil reminds me of the Colossis of Rhodes
Adars blurred face has a look of the Mouth of Sauron? How much is actually known of the Mouth and is he only present in the third age?
prosthetic orcs! I'm liking it better than the Hobbits already!
This show is just a series of bad decisions, poor writing and member berries. The timeline of this show is actually impossible to be in the same world as the books or films so I don't even get why they are bothering. I don't want Amazon's mediocre version of LotR. I want a live action adaptation of Tolkien's stories.
Be careful with dismissing the Harfoots as uninteresting. That mistake has been the downfall of at least one Dark Lord.
The Edain were gifted Numenor by the Valar (for fighting on their side in the war of wrath), not the elves. They were also granted longer life and greater stature by the Valar (the Maiar actually, since it was Eonwe, Manwe's herald that blessed them in body and mind). As such, Galadriel's statement claiming that the Numenoreans owe their land to the elves makes no sense.
I feel like Halbrand becomes the Witch King
I think that with as good of a channel as this is, ya'll are wasting your time by degrading yourselves by covering this garbo fan fiction.  It's not Tolkien it's not even Second Age, it's just another attack on true fans.
It pisses me off when people say "It's not in the books". Well go f your books. The show is good!!! And why in Mordor would like to watch something that is straight written from the books?! You all sucked up to the books. Go get your own budget and have your own damn show! RINGS OF POWER IS A 10/10 for me!!! And I would like to see it end on SEASON 5!!! You maggots complaining too much will get this show lessen or worse CANCELLED!!!!
Elendil, practical orcs - thumbs up. The dialogue in general - big ol' thumbs down.
just my personal opinion, the biggest problem with the show is that they produced it like a movie instead of a series of multiple episodes. There is clearly going to be a climax in the end of this season, but there should also be some plot twists in every episode and we are finally seeing that in episode 3
What a load of bullshit
Continuing to think about it further.  I think Halbard will be an Aragorn figure who becomes the witch king.  If Amazon follows the  Tolkien story, Ar-Pharazon has to capture Sauron in Middle Earth then bring him to Numenor so Sauron will convince him to invade Valinor.  So Adar at the end of ep 3 may be Sauron.
Found this to be a quite good episode, slowing down to let scenes breathe a bit and especially like the tension in the throne room and with the orcs. Still beautiful locals and love the music for Numenor. My only issue was with Halbrand interupting Galadriel quite often, speaking for her, but she only questions Erendil later for doing the same?  In visuals I found the scenes with Elendil on the ship kinda wrong, every scene is lit harshly - fine for the Elven realms or cities - but on the sea everybody should be wrapped in light, since the ocean reflects and the sun never is a harsh light. Makes the digital background and ship stand out too much. What I find interesting too keep an eye out is how often they mention 'fate' now, since so much in Tolkiens world is based upon on elves just knowing things about the future and humans ignoring dangerous paths and Illuvitar not actually involing himself, where exactly do they think fate get directed from? For me Middle Earth is thankfully less about fate, but knowing the history, learning and choosing do things against greater powers.
The Numenor stuff was good, mostly. Only problems I had were that Halbrand had enough Numenorean money somewhere to pay for the drinks for a whole bar, and that he went from 0 to 60 way too fast in the alley. If he was capable of beating the people up like that, he should have been able to push past them and run away, he didn't have to murder all of them (or seriously injure, it's not 100% clear how bad he messed all of them up). This is only a tentative issue I have with the scene though, since it's possible he's got some weird curse that posses him when he takes to violence, and since he didn't instigate the violence, that's the only way that scene is understandable. 8/10   The stuff with the orcs was poorly directed, and Arondir was quite floaty for a lot of the combat. The scene with the water was kind of annoying to me because while the concept was good, it was poorly executed. Everyone was just standing around watching them slowly drink water. It would have been better if it was a few orcs and the elves having a confrontation while people were working around them (it seemed odd that a few upstart slaves would be so important as to halt all business). It was also weird that the orcs let Arondir hold the other elf as he died (I feel like they would have just killed him then started whipping the others back to work). I also also didn't like the scene where Arondir exclaimed he'd cut down the tree. Like, yeah bud, you don't exactly get a choice, and it wouldn't just be you. I think it would be better if the Orcs forced them to cut the tree down by killing/torturing other slaves if they didn't comply (elves are probably better workers than men). The scene where he apologized to the tree was good though. It could have also been used to emphasize his scouting the landscape more if the other slaves were cutting at the roots but he went a little higher up the tree than everyone else. As it was, it seemed a bit wacky. The only thing I didn't like about the main fight scene (as previously stated) was everything felt very weightless. 1 chop to cut through a foot and a half thick log, the warg crashing through the roots 20 ft away from its target, Arondir jumping like 40 ft through the air like he was Emporer Palpatine in revenge of the sith to stab an orc with a stick. The last thing I didn't like was that the orcs were just going to kill Arondir after all that, like, no. The orcs should have beat him up and tried to torture him to death, not just behead him (I understand that he's going to be tortured by Sauron, but it shouldn't have been their first instinct to kill him). 6/10  The stuff with the Harfoots was too long for what was happening. The scene of Lori under the desk, while enjoyable, was stretching my suspension of disbelief a little too much. I might have missed something, but I'm a bit confused on how/why the meteor man found the star chart in Nori's bag, it didn't seem like she left it there for him on purpose, so why did he look there instead of finding Nori at the camp. The "Stick with the group and you won't die" parade went on for entirely too long, as did the scene about all the  "left behind". I didn't need to know the names of like 17 dead Harfoots and their cause of death to get the idea that they leave people to die. The Harfoot leader's punishment for Nori scene was enjoyable, well written, and well acted, but that was the only redeeming quality of the Harfoots this episode. I don't think the meteor man was in the cart, but if he was that's so much worse than I thought. I was annoyed at the traveling scene anyways because the youngest child wasn't helping at all with the cart, which would be fine if their dad didn't have a broken ankle. 3/10  Overall, the episode was worse than the first two, 5/10, but there were some parts that I thought were as good or better than the first two.
Oh wow you're really schilling for amazon now huh? Even sponsored by them. No wonder you rate this trash favorably. un-subbed
I'm so happy that the show is improving as it goes cause I'm sick of people trashing the whole thing based on two episodes
Let's say that a normal man could never beat four Numenorians in a fight, so either the writers don't care or he is not a man. The portrayal of the Numenoreans is almost perfect, considering the need to be synthetic. otherwise this episode was really trashy.
Amazon has erased or refused to post any of my reviews. I was done because I hate the show but now I'm done because Amazon is trying to rig the game. I wish I could upload a snapshot of their reasons to YouTube
Isn't morgoth the one who created Mordor? So it shouldn't look as nice as it does.
I am definitely given Witch King Vibes from Halbrand. But I still think it would be awesome if this whole Halbrand thing was an assumption of an identity of a man already lost to Sauron, and that Sauron is just "playing a role".  Wouldn't mind if Amazon laid off the decries of Racism and Misogyny whenever they are presented with a critique.
comindeer, I want to comdeer a ship- Jack Sparrow (I think)
Also notice how on the robes of the Chancellor Pharazon he has what I can only assume are all 8 guild seals, and one larger at the bottom. Good costuming.
As of right now, it's just Amazon hate that most talk online of ROP series is awful or terrible.  I'll eat my words if it does become awful later, but especially when Nerd of the Rings is giving a mostly positive assessment of these episodes, I can't complain.  Mainly the upset aggressive woke messaging isn't here too much yet.  The only thing that could be woke is the queen of Nemenor being a present figure, but that's it and she's a very minor part of the overall plot and cast, not nearly enough to ruin anything yet.
I love your content where you breakdown the books but find it hard to watch the breakdownof the shows.  I come in wanting to know the basic backstory of the characters and cool easter eggs but have to sit thru the biased opinion of weather a character would act a certain way.  Tolkein seemed to have changed things up himself or left open alot of room for readers to make there own interpretations.  So when I watch anything adapted by a book. I consider it fan fiction and just try to enjoy someone else's interpretation of characters.  I watched LOTR before I read all the books and it didn't bother me that Peter Jackson took alot of liberties and showed his version of someone's else's story  No one knows what people would be like in this age.  Not enough was written and what was passed down would be inaccurate. Even by the elves who were alive. Memories change.  Heck, our own history books disagree on how past people lived.  Who knows exactly how Galadril felt at this time.  Anytime your sentence contains.  "I don't think he or she would do....." your just telling your version.    Just a thought.
I love that the orcs are so crazy dangerous in this show - maybe it’s the smaller scale, but in LOTR they felt more like cannon fodder to be hewn down by the heroes. They definitely serve a different function in ROP!
I think what Gil-Galad said in episode #1 about Galadriel, that she will bring back Sauron somehow, is connected to what Miriel is saying at the end of this episode, and is connected to Halbrand, who will inadvertently help/allow Sauron to gain power again. I think Sauron is Adar and there is a reason he can't leave the caves/tunnels. Halbrand will somehow, maybe by a mistake, give him a solution.
I just finished the third episode and I am really disappointed in this show. It's kind of awful.  Especially the Harfoots. When they're. on screen, I'm bored and really don't care what's happening. The rest of the show is just sort of meh.  Maybe it'll get better but what a huge disappointment.
Celebrimbor descended from Feanor, right? And Galadriel is Feanor's niece. Then how come Celebrimbor is so much older than Galadriel in the series???
Sunlight doesn’t physically ‘harm’ orcs, they aren’t vampires ffs.  they just have a strong dislike for it and it’s demoralising to them.  So are we saying they had to fight every battle and skirmish during the war of wrath from beneath a parasol?  As for your tunnel theory, you’re  trying to apply logic to the orcs’ behaviour when the so-called wisest of the elves Galadriel jumps off a ship hundreds of miles off shore.  Think you’re being ‘a little generous’ here.
Any theories about who this king from the south was?
This is sad…
Halbrand is constantly deceptive. He definitely is one of the Nazgul. Or he is an original character built to be an anti Aragorn ie a man who falls into the bad sides of what men are capable of.  I really hope there wont be any cheesy love story between him and Galadriel.  I love the Harfoots, Nori's actress is great. It was an enjoyable episode if only they could write some of the dialogs better! I think meteor man is Gandalf and Adar is Sauron.
I think I just found Adar in one of the promo trailers. Stories of the second age- The south lands. Same glove and kinda looks like the blur we saw. I paused it when you see orcs marching on a brick road at 00:42. Thoughts?
I really, really disliked this one. The first two had some redeeming qualities. This series is so CHEESY! The dialogues on the hobbit part, had my eyes rolling many times. It's just too bad. Yeah it's nice to see numenor, but come on, i really don't think it's worthy it
This video is sponsored by Audible.  Audible is owned by Amazon.  This video is sponsored by Amazon.   But it's tooootally unbiased you guys.
I really liked this episode. I had two complaints about the show. First was Galadriel's weird hokey smile on the horse, but even more annoying was the use of the word “human” by Halbrand. I wish he’d say “Race of Men” because the word human is such a modern term.   Besides that, though, I really loved the episode. Even the stuff with Nori and the Harfoots at the end. Though that might be because I've been bondage listening to the Bear McCreary soundtrack and Nori's theme song slaps ~ 😂💯
It’s the construction of baradur
the warg looked like a chihuahua experiment gone wrong
That Galadriel smiling on a horse scene has massive meme potential lol. Still not a fan of this Mary Sue version of her, but I've also found Cate Blanchetts portrayal pretty annoying.
I want to see Sauron faces in this Adar form
This episode was awful. It's turning into a bad teenage comedy. Everyone is acting stupid, dialogs make no sense and are like written by a 10 year old. Everything is cringe. I guess the vfx department had a huge budget and lots of fans able to stuff references in, but the writers fail hard. At best it's going to be an offshoot of the Tolkien works loosely based on the theme, because the only way out when you have no talent as a writer is to stuff it choke full of deus-ex-machina "surprises" and twists that nobody could have foreseen instead of telling the hrat original story in an interesting way.It will inevitably end in a grand finale inspired by the last GoT season, lots of eagles exploding no doubt.
Why aren't the slaves working at night? They have a better shot at escaping during the day.
Does anyone else think the first season will end with Sauron starting to build Barad-dur?
Cutthroat halffoots. golden line
After this episode I'm convinced Halbrand is indeed Sauron. I really liked the idea of him being a southern king that eventually becomes a ringwraith, but now I'm leaning Sauron instead. Too many hints in his dialog and actions.
The show story is an original work of Amazon that vastly differs from Tolkien's original source material. Why are you speaking like the made up show story matches the actual Tolkien lore? None of these events occurred, the original characters were nothing like this, some of the peoples and places won't exist for thousands of years in the future. I don't see how any of this makes any sense. Better to be clear about the diversions in the two works and not try to imply non existent convergences.
The scene where Galadriel was riding the horse was pretty weird
too bad this series is so fk slow, was gonna give it a second chance with the third episode, but this one is even slower than the 2 before, for being the most expensive episodes ever made, they can give us some damn action( 2 episode build up is kind of fine, 3 hours build up is not okay)
Great show. Each episode is better than the last and the acting and character interplay is believable and compelling. Time to give amazon its props. At Least the directors and actors and screenwriters and other people directly involved. Looks like the hysterical hate is going away but there are still some of the elon fanboys and the generally unhappy types in these comments. They'll tire soon. Thank you for your tireless work on these videos.
What I think about this episode is that they used 99% of the budged on Numenorean CGI and the rest 1% on a Chihuahua warg and a chain fight between 3 elves and 4 orcs.
So I think Halbrand has been set up to appear to be the future Witch-King of Angmar, but he was honest when he said that he took the symbol off a dead man...who he killed in all likelihood. The real Witch-King is that man's son, Theo. Halbrand is Sauron who has put himself in Galadriel's path and makes sure she keeps ahold of her brother's dagger and her mission. He's already charming the royalty of Numenor and won't be treated as a low-man prisoner for much longer.
Elendil's voice is golden.
Stranger is likely a blue wizard cast into middle earth as right now Saurons influence and evil is growing to a point it can no longer be ignored by the valar. Maybe the 1st of the two blue wizards and why he is so strange in behavior is because he is becoming accustomed to the limitations of a fleshly frame.. I believe later in the series Sauron will have an encounter with him and realize other Maia have come to rival him. not fully understanding his porpose i believe Sauron will have an excuse to reveal himself as annatar to the elfs and use the strangers origin story as part of his lie. Might also explain gandalf's original foundness for hobbits too as i imagine the stranger will pass on how helpful and pure of heart these little people were as saurons plans unfold around them.  Halbrand I doubt is the witchking though maybe a future nazgul. we haven't seen quite how much numenor is involved in the affairs of men to the east but he might be come an emassary to establish the dark numenorian in Umbar later to fall victim to Sauron's devices. Really like elendil and galadriels character development in the show this episode. I think its the first real time she has been involved in the society of men and impressed by their culture. realizing that she can find help outside of her race and their immortal and timeless perspective of the world.     Genuinely i think this episode laid out what amazon is trying to do with the series. I think it would be funny to see in a future episode Isildur doing some kinda military training exercise like a capture the flag kinda drill. to set up with some companions for the day he steals saplings/seeds of the white tree and splits off from numenior. maybe explore more how numenor is fracturing politically
Halbrand == Sauron
The costume design and practical effects are amazing. Cool hearing characters talk about the Valar. It is definitely not a bad Tolkien adaptation with, so far, a nice rendition of the second age. While not perfect, it's good and entertaining. I could see this getting better and better with new episodes and each additional season.
The 1,000 years was probably to let things cool down. Everyone should have moved on by then, little did Morgoth know… 😏
I feel Adar is Sauron himself as the elves mention he went by many names, and how the orcs treat Adar makes sense
Where are the hartfoots headed?? I feel they are traveling west...which would make sense with some being lost in the snow....
Shout out to Lenny Henry's Irish accent, one of the best I've ever heard
I have to give Amazon praise for the costumes…..it all fits so well even the harfoots.
I can’t be the only one who thinks the hate and backlash so far has been over the top. I’m really enjoying the series so far!
My guess is that Halbrand plays a key role in uniting the people of the South, to the extent that they are able to win some small-scale battles against Sauron's forces over the next few seasons. We will then see him become a king of a kind of proto-Rohirrim before Eorl the Young in the Third Age.  I think the last few seasons will then cover his tragic fall and corruption as he becomes one of the Nine - but not the Witch King.
You are truly doing Eru Iluvatar's work with these videos my friend! Keep up the great work!
🇬🇧👏
I'm confused Doesnt having Isildur and his dad in the show make him like 2000 years old when he eventually dies?
Honestly, I agree that the cuts to Harfoots were ill-timed. Not that I'm not interested in them, but the other two storylines were feeling more pressing... so cutting to Harfoot revelery was unwelcome. I'd have prefered if the Harfoot parts were moved to an episode where the Meteor Man story moves a bit further. But still, it was a minor issue.  The only issue I had that I'd like to call out is the CGI of the warg. Especially in its first scene the CGI was off and maybe a bit choppy? But other than this I LOVED the episode. I loved Elendil and even Isildur wasn't any bad (like I feared based on casting). I really hope that Elendil's new daughter has some significance. Probably related to her architect skills? I predict that she either ends up joining the King's Men and builds the Temple of Morgoth... or she remains Faithful and designs Minas Tirith. All in all, this show is getting better and better. Even my non-Tolkien co-watchers are getting more interested.
I did think this episode was much better than the first two. But it really annoyed me because in the book the Ring was supposed to have been forged almost 2000 years before Isildur is born. Not only is it "compressing" the story, it is changing the order of events.
I think Halbrand will be king of the Corsairs and will lead the Kings Men, including Herumor and Fuinur to Umbar (squashed timeline of show).  If so, he could get a ring and become the witch-king.  He looks like someone of Near Harad descent.
db
Must admit, the characters are excellent thus far - it just me, and getting used to this story arc overall, that takes time to adjust (a bit like a kelvin timeline -ish) and being spoilt by the books.  Still scratching my head how (or if) they might cram that key moment when pre-fall Numenor comes to the elves aid to counter Sauron and take him away to their island kingdom.  I know, I need to relax, and enjoy the series for what it is 😉
I liked the episode but was irritated by the CGI for the warg.
I enjoyed this episode. It was definitely more in tune with the atmosphere of the beginning of an adventure for lord of the rings
These comments just look fake. Not a single negative criticism...
i feel like they are messing up a lot the true story of this marvelous world created by tolkien
You've actually made me consider giving the show a shot. I just cant get past the obvious integration of certain politics that makes the whole show feel off. And the elves not being majestic is a real turn off. But I may give it a shot we will see, this was an epic breakdown.
Halbrand is obviously Theo's father and the rightful king Theo's friend said would one day return. As was mentioned, his ancestor made a pact with Morgoth which still holds in his bloodline as we see when Theo's blood triggers a reaction on the broken Morgul blade kinda thing he has stashed away.
Halbrand seems like a form of Sauron to me.  At first I didn't think so because why would he save Galadriel in the sea?  But then, duh, Galadriel eventually receives one of the rings so is probably already part of his plan.  And he totally sacrificed his other shipwrecked companions without remorse.  Also he just seems too cunning and manipulative for a human, and there's the desire to show the smithies how it's done.  Then the way he talks about humans, it's almost like he's mocking them.  These qualities don't seem to point to an exiled king.  He's not particularly "fair" as Sauron forms go, but that might just be part of his game to manipulate Numenor.  I think Adar is also another Sauron form, and I don't believe these 2 timelines (Numenor and The Southlands) necessarily have to be happening simultaneously, allowing for Sauron to appear in multiple forms throughout the series.  When's the Eminem form making its appearance?
God this show is boring.
I also liked the practical orcs…  Buuuuut   I must say I was extremely underwhelmed by the production value of their slave mine area… something about the set design just felt like a low budget street market of sorts.  Being an orcish place surely means it would look desolate and barren, but the whole set looked off to me.
I'm interested in how the writers are going to work with the timeline they've set up. Isildur was born in S.A. 3209 and is a young man at this point in the series, placing the date somewhere around 3229 say. The rings of power were forged at Eregion around S.A. 1500 and the ruling ring at Orodruin in S.A. 1600 (in Tolkien's books). The series is taking place near the fall of Numenor and the end of the Second Age but the rings haven't even been forged yet (unless I'm missing something). Celebrimbor hasn't even built the forge that will produce the rings of power. It will be intriguing to see how all these events are rescheduled in the Rings of Power timeline. Any thoughts anyone?
meteor man = gandalf?
Rings of Power Is a bs firework display of virtue signalling pretentious, vacuous  pc "woke" agenda garbage. Amazons transparent attempt to appear inclusive and somehow altruistic. From a company that actually treats its own employees like shite. Its an insult to Tolkiens legacy and an insult to Tolkiens fans.
I think Elendil and Isildur are not supposed to live at this time yet, because they are present on Sauron's defeat much later. It means the events of this series would be pretty much compressed, or Numenorians live much longer than in the book.
Galadriel in the book: Utterly enormous, shredded  Galadriel in the show: I am smol (or Halbrand is just numenorean level tall)
Could Elendil's daughter getting admitted to the architects guild after re-applying imply they are building something big? Like a temple to Morgoth, perhaps?
White vampire orcs putting all these diverse people in chains.  Tolkien is literally doing 360° backflips in his grave while he spins around at the speed of light. This has to STOPPHHHH
Best episode so far imo, the episode felt a lot more LOTR to me than the previous episodes.
Was a great episode ! Elendil and Arondir!k!
I'm 85% certain that Halbrand becomes the Witch-king of Angmar. They're setting him up as a rightful king of men, and when the rings are forged, Sauron gives nine of them to the kings of men, one of which is Halbrand. That would mean that later in the series Halbrand turns toward the darkside, fighting for Sauron during the Last Alliance of Elves and Men.
I thought the first two episodes were excellent. I feel like in this episode they should’ve just focused there attention only in Ńumenor.
Nine opinions were gifted to the race of men, who above all else desire conflict. First and foremost, the warg looked absolutely and utterly terrible. PJ's looked better and they're from 20 years ago.  Second: There's too much Elven acrobatics. Chain fighting, chain running and jumping, lots of backflips... it all looks and feels goofy. Third: That shot of Galadriel on the horse almost made me turn off the show. Like... the crap, guys? Fourth: I like Elendil. I think they've done a good job with his character thus far. Fifth: Watching these videos gives me a much better appreciation for all of the Easter eggs, usually in the form of sculptures. Sixth: The warg looked really, really bad. Seventh: I also hated being pulled to the Harfoot storyline. I think a line of text saying "And all the Harfoots went and settled in the northwest and lived happily ever after until Saruman came" and then never seeing them again in this show would be just fine. Eighth: The Galadriel-horse shot was really, really bad. Ninth: I'm glad they're doing practical orc effects. SO much better than the Hobbit.
I really like the show.
Many who commented about the last episodes with the worst, have to apologise.
Haha the first thing I said when I saw them send the dude off to search the archives was "That guy must be Google".
Orcs are not Vampires. 🙄
Cheers for the vids as always!
Harfoot is annoying. Yes they cute and it’s something different, like different culture and hippie lifestyle that’s is cool. But banal and stupid conversations are annoying. And always one or two annoying teenagers. Anyone have similar feelings?
Really enjoying your positive breakdowns of the series! The Adar character is obviously a false Sauron, I think. Just putting it out there, but he could be some sort of evil human sorcerer that has used his “magic” to influence orcs to do his bidding and set himself up as some sort of mini-Dark Lord - and when Sauron turns up he ain’t gonna be happy. We’re in the east, some of the Nine were sorcerers ... could it be Khamûl?
You are never going to address the fact this show has nothing to do with what Tolkien wrote are you? You are a wolf in sheep's clothing mate.
Lol the Sea is always right. You think this is not good enough i think its truly terrifying got cought in a rip tide once and trust me brother THE SEA IS ALWAYS RIGHT
“My guess is this is just some folks puppeteering their fan fiction for the crowd.”  You mean like Jeff Bezos?
This might be one of my favorite shows in a long time-- love the extra insights from you.
I loved this and it seems with each episode this show gets better and better. But as an actual hobbit, it was nice to see the non-hobbit harfoots. The Elf girl is pretty and the long shanks have potential, but what really matters to me is where and when the non-hobbits will settle and let that nice giant man thing make fireworks for them.
Did you accidentally say both "Elrond" and "Halbrand" in this clip lol 7:09
If he's king of the south he'll be the oathbreaker king
"the sea is always right" I don't mind this saying at all, i do wish that it was longer, like a poem or idk, had more words in it that rhymes lol
Galadriel is arrogant and prideful af😖😖😖  Gosh. I'm really loving this series
Could the steam vents and sulfur staining on the ground be the beginning of Mount Doom volcano in Mordor?
Just noticed the ship sails in Numenor are like the Gondor royal guard helmets.
They had practical effects orcs in the Hobbit
ADAR looks like the guy we see for 1 shot in the human bar where bronwyn lives. He has a red circle around the color of his eye.
Absolutely stupid writing. The Elves suddenly captured? Idiots.
How do you guys watch that garbage?
I think this is the best episode so far. Galadriel is beginning to become an actual relatable and likable character as we go on. I hope it continues
I typically think of enemies like orcs as a mindless bunch of rabble. This episode made me see them as individuals and terrifying with unique personalities. 10 out of 10 on the orcs!
Casting director of this movie is a war criminal.
I've made this guess about the sword with the kid last week in my FaceBook. I'm glad that you agree with it! hahaha  Elendil and Earendil are both my favorites characters in Tolkien, one of my most used nicks in games and so is Earenil, just to give me a reminder of those two! I really hope that the show makes it up for Elendil and the destiny he, and Gil-galad, will fulfill. Great episode!
Although there are some points that have you thinking “does that make much sense” I think when it’s all said and done, they’re portraying a massive and immensely deep world extremely well. The feel of the show is awesome and I really think they’re setting themselves up for success in the future with the character development. Whether or not it’s perfectly accurate to books I don’t mind honestly. The set pieces are beautiful and the practical effects are amazing. Things are starting to move forward and I can’t wait.
Mark my word. Adar is a Sauron mislead from the creators, but the true one is Halbrand.
the Galadriel here is a terrible character––unlikable, arrogant, makes stupid choices, whiney... ugh. This series is a disaster. The only reason to watch it is to see the set design/costumes/cgi
Why did Elros choose a Mortal life?
Trash, as trashy as the 1st two. Nothing made sense, Galadriel asking if she's a prisoner or is the food is poisoned, they either are chained or killed............. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ If anything, I thought Galadriel might just walk to the edge of the ship and jump in the water to try and swim back, not surprised if that still happens later on   The show runners and actors, like the sound frequency opening of the show, are just uselessly experimenting using uni-lad inspired content with god level fundings on a best seller master piece of literature work 😉   I can continue on forever on just how bad the dialogues and acting are, that i literally fast forwarddd the harfoots parts, but I think what's dangerous is, Erendil's little interaction with his daughter. Bad mean always right father shouts at innocent daughter, daughter nice not talk back, daughter accepted at mens college builder's guild, little brother told her do it when stupid father didn't care to think much for his daughter's future because man stupid🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣  This is an attack on classical parenting, if you thought woke was bad, this is plain brainwashing teenagers, that they know more than their parents
This has been the most boring episode so far.
Adar=Sauron
now we know the stranger isnt sauron, im really worried who its going to end up, if its gandalf the shows a little bit ruined, if its a balrog? then i guess i wont mind TOO much, but being a bit too friendly for a balrog? I can live okay if its a blue wizard, just a little weird hes not arriving on a boat. I think a balrog is likely though because of all the fire now.
I like Elendil. Don't like that's he's in the story already. Was hoping there still might be different time periods separated by wide time jumps.  Having some of the characters appear even before the rings are forged is a problem for me.  Watching your review helps me deal with watching this show but I love the genealogies and timelines which don't exist here.
Adar is obviously Sauron in elven form
Buuuut... where does Galadriel put the sword? Up her dress with no one noticing? 😅
Great cinematography. The warg was particularly well done.
You called the map thing
Best episode yet. Introduction of Elendil and Isildur was 👌 Halbrands character is increasingly intriguing and I’m pretty sold on future him = witch king. As for “Adar” at the end, my instinct was that this is Sauron. But I see a lack of discussion about that possibility so…? The reverence from the orcs, who else would an orc bow to?! Really eager for the next episode.
It is slow but getting better every episode
You sold your soul to morgoth.
Me and my girlfriend agrees with most of what you say! This was a strong episode and I can’t wait to see what happens next. The only thing we disagree with is the harfoots. As someone who finds tribal cultures interesting it was fun to see how these proto-hobbits live and their ritual parade with the bird and the wolf-masks was a nice little touch. Their way of both grieving and joking about the dead made sense too, though I can undestand that to a modern western audience it may seem weird. Also it was very touching to see meteor-man calling out to Nori. I was very sceptical to the harfoot storyline, but I find myself becoming more and more drawn in by it, haha! Great video, always a pleasure to watch!
Theo Is gonna be the mouth
I do have this feeling that the "Adar" that the orcs refer to is Sauron in his Annatar form. Well we'll never know unless episode 4 drops.
I actually really like the hobbit scenes. I feel like otherwise the show still has a very serious tone, that does not feel too much like LOTR to me. So I love them dancing and hiding in the woods as much more quirky moments (besides that I need more conversations about food). Leaving weaker ones behind though, also sounds kind of like an... interesting culture development choice to me...
I think Numenor and the orcs part were vero good, the hobbit part was boring.   P.S. I've listened to the three lord of the rings audiobooks with audible,  andy serkis is so good, I love them
I think Ar Pharazon should not have looked so old. As. He still needs to invade Sauron’s stronghold with his golden army and go back and have him as his second hand man for a few years as well. His depictions in art look younger which was better imo because I wouldn’t feel as intimidated by an old man as him. Looks more like a wizard if you ask me. The job it storyline seems very drawn out and boring so far. Hope the stranger turns out to be someone really cool though.
I'm rooting for witch-king. Excited for more
Can’t put my finger on it yet but I’m not feeling the characters or timings. Galadriel needs to turn it down from 11 to about 6, Lenny Henry and the Harfoots all with Irish accents with a leprechaun  like aspect is undermining LOTR for me. Not buying into Elrond being so diplomatic and pompous with no edge or menace. Not to be too negative I do like Arondir, some of Galadriel, Elendil. The the scenery and camera shots are great. Early days, just hope it get’s what’s missing, which I just can’t put my finger on.
Halbrand is definitely the witch king and Adar is Sauron
Anyone who calls this show woke is just not watching it lmao
I could see Halbrand being one of the eventual Wraiths... that said, him becoming the King of the Oathbreakers (of the eventual Third Age Army of the Dead) is another theory I kinda dig that's been festering since last night.
and yeah Galadriel's attitude is similar to how Feanor was. I think she should already have more wisdom considering her age  and how she was in Lord of the rings. Personally I think she is a bit impulsive. but lets see her progression.
Green pits and smoke = sulfur hot springs. Brought about by volcanic activity...maybe a certain Mt. growing active after a very long slumber.
I thought Tar Miriel was a good Queen then the evil Ar Pharazon takes over Im confused about the portrayal  Love Elendil snd even Isildur.  I do wish they explained more though
I think gandalf is with the hobbits.not a balrog.this is the reason why he loves hobits the most in middle earth.the man with galadiriel is 90 percent the witch king.and maybe we will see sawron next episode
I feel he's the Witch King. In the episode at the 32:27 32:28 mark,. if you look at his hand, you can spot the Eye of Sauron. I think this might be the mark of him joinning Sauron or being bound to him
with episode 3 done, things slowly getting in motion, and only 5 episodes left, it's clear we will need more seasons to get in the good stuff. I can't really guess where things will have progressed by the end of this season but I sure have expectations for the years to come. Honestly I am happy with the show so far but the pace is something we'll have to adapt to. for sure I'll be there for the futur seasons. I enjoy it despite the hate it got. Can't make everyone happy xd. If one thing, I would make 12-13 episodes, maybe 50 minutes instead of 70. Lately series are getting shorter and shorter seasons :/ I miss having long seasons
Elendil was definitely the best part of this episode, and loved the visuals of Numenor! That said, I realize Numenoreans have significantly longer lifespans, are the lifespans really long enough for Elendil and Isildur to still be around for the first war of the ring?
Is Halbrand Sauron?
I absolutely agree, I really liked this episode and while the first two episodes I found the harfoots quaint and a fun addition, I feel like they took away from the real meat of this episode.
This episode won me over. In particular the stunning vistas of Numenor which were on par if not above Minas Tirith from the films. The city streets and city life were even more believable than the White City of PJs version. Love the Numenorian designs. And finally decent acting in the scenes with Elendil and his family. Even Galadriel wasn't so annoying anymore ("I must have been blind"). I didn't care much about the Harfoots - the speech scene was a little bit too reminiscent of Bilbo's birthday. Great action in the orc and warg scenes. Yes, orcs enslave people! Made me think of Sam's vision of the Shire in Galadriel's mirror. Nice touch with Arondir and the tree. For the first time I'm looking forward to next week's episode.
My family and I love this show and this episode showed us Numenor, Orcs, and how the Stranger get to know Harfoots and helps them with their migration.
Is this show going to condense all the events into a few years, or are we getting big time jumps?
I love this show. Cant wait to see Sauron.
The orcs looked great, but the warg looked awful.
I’m really upset how they portrayed the Numenoreans.
Is it me or Galadriel just not the likable of a character? Also seems like a plot hole that she jumped out of the boat which she admits in this episode that she was saved from certain death and why doesn’t she just swim off the island if that was a lie and she thought she could actually make it?
I've enjoyed all 3 episodes so far, Poppy is my favorite of the Harfoots. I'm intrigued to see where it all goes.
Lmao you're actually sponsored by AMAZON!?!?!?! Oh come on dude. This takes the cake.
I think adar is a short word for Anatar. Maybe the orcs can't or don't want to address him like Anatar so they cut the name short. An(a)tar-Antar-Adar. Just a theory.
I laugh too much at the "Boromir treatment"
Loved this episode! 9/10 for me. Galadriel having to swim back and that slow mo shot in ep 3 are the only things I haven’t liked about the show.
Really liked this episode!! Very enjoyable :D Some great action with Orc's and to see Numenor for the first time was pretty epic. Galadriel's story has improved a fair bit now. I thought it was just as good as HotD's 3rd episode all considered. A lot more work went into this and I appreciate it.
I cant believe you are even discussing this trash as if the plot had any meaning in Tolkiens world.
Really, a backstreet barfight and prisoners rebelling against their captors, that's all they could find ? These dialogues were so cringe, tye miriel and galadriel talk was embarrassing. This episode was a disaster:
THE SWORD 🗡️ there looking for the sword that the dirty kid stole... The elf ses 'there looking for something' and you see an orc digging threw a pile of scrap metal... There comeing up under villages the sword in was underground in a cellar ... So ya it's the sword
The harefoots turned out to be psychos. Lmao. Can’t keep up? See ya, wouldn’t want to be ya.
Fair episode, again a bit slow. Numenorians somehow did not look real to me, royalty like dressed up actors but average humans, and in the streets a lot of folk you could find in any medieval city. The city shows grandeur but where is the grandeur of the living Numenorians, stroner and wiser than men? Harfoot and Stranger story felt useless in this episode. Galadriel, the fierce fighter also felt rather like a proud but young human here, nothing like the fierce warrior or high born elf with thousands of years of lifetime experience.
“Let’s review a show made by Amazon, on our show today sponsored by….Amazon.”    Gee I wonder how this review is going to turn out.
Im sorry, I love Nerd of the Ring, but come on... pretending to review objectively the very critiqued Amazon LotR show while being sponsored by... Amazon? Really?
I thought I was going to hate the Harfoot stuff but I am surprised by how much I am actually enjoying them. Overall, this show is a lot of fun, it feels like an event, and it seems mysterious still.  I was surprisingly eager for this episode to drop. The artistry, music, orcs, and dwarves are all amazing. It is not perfect, but this is a lot of fun and I hope it survives the planned 5 seasons without hate and trolls destroying it.
The Harfoot plot is so boring
that shot of galadriel on the horse made me spit out my tea
Lmao the secret orc tunnels are a joke they are destroying miles of land and displaying there presence blatantly. How the elves couldn’t find them is baffling especially since we learn this episode the orcs have been gathering here for hundreds of years in fact Sauron was making this symbol before  morgoths defeat for some reason.
Looking at he comments...Haha.. People LOVED that episode. I cant... What exactly did you like? Scenery shots?   The dialogs are atrocious The main character is made to be an insufferable entitled brat, with mood swings, behaving like an infantile teenager. If only any of the people who claim to LOVE this show had any clue what the actual story and character of Galadriel really like. I bet you also liked the Twilight series lol Go back to watching Desperate Housewife's losers.
Just read an interview with Clarke that her Galadriel is so different because she is so young and has not yet gain the wisdom she is known for... since we just met Elendil in episode 3. By the Time Elendil and his sons were around, Galadriel was just shy of 4000 years old... on the other hand, show just deleted Anarion, it seems...
I see some people talking bout how weird the warg looked and honestly I think they made it look weird or bad on purpose if they were thinking they should look like the ones in Hobbit or LOTR . I think these might be "prototypes" as a Theory. For when maybe eventually they're Cross breeding possibly different Warg species or wolf species ( so far we have shots of those wolves that we haven't seen in motion yet from the trailers , 3 weird looking wolves that surrounds the Meteor man . One of course we got in the first episode where one mightve been stalking the kids that were picking berries . That could be the same species we see down the line but currently not the same as the one that attacked the elves in the orc camp ) I think eventually Sauron would build up to that just like how we see Saruman cross breed to get his perfect Urukhai. Gandalf also mentions in the Hobbit bout Gundabad Wargs that were chasing them in the first movie , could be just a small hint at different species will be shown in this show . We'll probably get a proper name later unless of course the things that are potentially stalking the Harfoots are wolves and wargs are gonna be different in attitude and aggression. I'd like to think that are theres a deeper story to the lore of alot of these unknown creatures we rarely see on screens in Middle Earth. It's fun seeing lots of its geography come to life whether it's locations or animals. Like the Fish Dragon for example or Frost Troll . Something we never saw in the Hobbit or LOTR. Love seeing this happen. Hope we get more these instances.  Edit: there also could be a thing with gender wolves or wargs and it could be that female wargs aren't meant for fighting or aren't the best choices compared to I'm assuming male wargs and wolves should be more dominant I'm assuming. Could've been a very young Warg too of like how it acts . Assuming of course the ones in the movies look to be adult male wargs. Assuming from Gundabad and Something Saruman does to get his.  Possibly a new breed .
Elendil's voice is probably the manliest voice I've ever heard. Damn, such a deep and imposing one
Best episode so far. But still.....meh. Hobbit story is letting the show down. I find myself confused often having read most of the books.  Which are awesome btw. Do yourselves a favour and pick them up for a life changing read !
I think witchking would be a good idea and id like to watch that. Im ruling for that. Wouldnt like it being sauron
Ok this episode sucked. First two at least had me curious and I was willing to put aside some of the woke stuff. But my god was episode 3 abysmal. Elendils interaction with galadriel was the only good part.
Halbrand as Witchking would be cool, but Halbrand as King of the Dead would be epic.
Pretty sure when the orcs start to chant Adar it slowly becomes Annatar. Think we've had our first look at Sauron
I fully agree with the harfoots part of this episode. I didn't really mind it in the latest episodes but this one felt kinda off. Would've liked it if the harfoots introduced the what I assume is a blue wizzard and wouldve kinda fucked off after. Not playing a big part in the actual story which wouldnt make sense if you ask me.
I really loved the orc scenes. I hope we get alot more with orcs talking, adar with the orcs and of course eventually have Sauron in a lot of scenes. More villains the better. And I loved the Numenor scenes too. Landscape shots were jaw dropping. I'm in the same boat as well and thought the Harfoot stuff is kind of getting in the way a bit and still really slow . Still like the setting and charecters but story , not fully into it yet. Numenor, Khazad dum, Lindon and Orc camps all day baby lol love those stories. I think There's a chance the Harfoot story could end up being good by the end of the tv show when we have everything as a whole . I think it could end up being that way. But as waiting for so long for info , it's a bit tedious so far lol . I just can't wait for episode 4 and beyond.
The warg was awful. And the CGI when it was thrown into the roots of a large, living, tree was so terrible that I watched it three times, unable to believe it could actually be that bad. The way the Harfoot's literally laughed at one of their people being killed by bees was just really weird, as was the fact that they just leave people behind more generally. Galadriel being completely miserable 99% of the time only to be overjoyed when riding the horse was just too much of a departure to seem credible.   The Elendil plotline is by far the most interesting thing in the series so far.
The Harfoots feels like really unnecessary filler.
I believe that Halbrand will become one of the Ringwraiths. But it could also be that he is the king of the Oathbreakers. And I believe that the title was well chosen, because this episode was about fathers.
Numenor looked fine The Numenoreans though lacked splendor, and they felt more Roman-Byzantine then Tolkien's LOTR I envisioned their character "along with their fall" to be more poetic and less petty Arondir plays the part well, but Miriel feels off as queen of Numenor  Many said the hobbits were boring in the first two episodes, I didn't agree then But this time I almost feel asleep watching them. They look very silly with their hairs full of twigs and nuts Isildurs daughter felt off as a original character, I hope they have something good planned for her Many of the characters lack proper agency, and a reason for us to care about them
Im sorry but your reviews are so biased, and it isn’t a surprise since audible(AMAZON) is directly paying you for promoting the books on the app (or perhaps for your positive reviews). Leaving aside the race issues and politics, the show is awfully written and completely deviated from the lore, you totally sold out.
What if Halbrand is telling the truth and he really killed the owner of the symbol.
Surprised they made the Hobbits horrible people, they are pretty cut throat. Gladriel acts like an entitled jerk and is so rude, accept to Halbrand whom she is developing feelings for.
The stranger with the Harfoots is Gandalf. Remember, Gandalf was the only Ishtari to have any interest in Hobbits. He knew a great deal about them, their customs and families. He also had been  making regular visits so long to The Shire no Hobbit could remember when he started coming around when he recruited Bilbo.
As a huge Tolkien fan, having read all of the books (including the 12 volume history of Middle-Earth), I absolutely forgive all these liberties. Just the sheer fact that we got to see Numéron in all its glory is something my teenage self would have never guessed I would see on a screen. I'm just so giddy to spend some time in this world again.   I actually love that this is a "new" story, it keeps it really fun for fans who are familiar with the bookd, yet keeps it fresh enough that it doesn't become dull.
Im enjoying RoP for what it is. Yes its not perfect but it was never going to be so.
Galadriel I feel learned alot from halbrand on this journey. He talks about not bringing history into it and also I feel she lent some reverence for the library with the though that some humans spend their life time composing this information. All while finding the answers she sought
The scene where Sauron buys everyone beer at the local bar, only to smack the heads of some of the visitors against the wall right after, really had me cheering. Simply outstanding writing  10/10
Cis white orcs
I was indifferent to the first two episodes but this one was pretty awesome. I love their portrayal of orcs.  Still lots of things I don’t like but I can look past that to enjoy the show.
This was my favourite episode, so far, by far.  For me this is no longer Tolkien but that doesn't mean it's bad.  I am now completely intrigued with the mysteries of Halbrand and the 'giant'.  I am invested in all the relationships that have developed.  I have no idea what happens next despite being a LOTR nerd and that's a good thing.   This will never be 'canon' and who cares?  So far, as long as they don't twist themselves into knots trying to please everybody, this is quality fanatsy drama, with great sets and pretty good acting.   Obviously, I now expect to be dissappointed hugely over the next few weeks and will register that fact ad infinitum.
I am calling this right now. Halbrand is Sauron he his having second thoughts about the whole bad guy gig. He is infatuated by Galdriels beauty and just like the silmarils with Moroth that they mentioned in the show its causing him to rethink life choices. They are going to get together but he is ultimately going to go bad. That's my prediction for the show.
I enjoyed the episode - I am concerned that they're running too many plotlines here.  I enjoy the Harfoots more than I suspected I would, but I'd much rather have spent that time with Elrond and the Dwarves.
As Cirdan the Shipwright was granted foresight, my guess is that he may have been the one that wrote the prophetic book that the Harfoots have. A friendship between Cirdan and the harfoots would also explain how they heard about Aerendil.
Halbrand is the Witch King of Angmar and the comet man is unfortunately gandalf.
Why are this silven elves talking in Quenya? They are no Noldor
17:58 cool scene but the the death looked a bit cheap. We saw arms crushing but this elf throat didn’t even bleed.
Think Adar is Benjin Stark .. who was casted as the script/fake character named "Oren"
Why is Galadriel always angry and immature? This has been so far not explained.
The show looks really good but the character's acting are so unbearable. I've never seen more condescending attitudes in a show than this one before.  Why does everyone act like they don't get laid enough??? lol
u guys are actually able to be positive about this series, interesting
The puppet show seems to refer to the myth referred to at the end.
The best out of the three episodes. 4/10
Aside from the weird slow mo horse riding scene I really liked this episode.    I also like how the warg looks like a normal animal that was corrupted by the evils or morgoth/sauron.
It started with the forging of the great Films. The threads were given by Tolkien, immortal, wisest and fairest of all beings. The rights were granted to Jackson, the great mountain miner and craftsman of the mountain of lore .And nine, nine hours were given to the race of men, who above all else desire quality. But they were all of them deceived, for another show was made. In the Land of  Amazon, in the fires of Mount Prime, the Dark Lord Bezos forged in secret a Master Flop. And in to this show he poured his money, his greed and his will to dominate every film.  ONE SHOW TO RUIN THEM ALL. ⚔️
Kang of da Rangz  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MXrCvUtJeZs  Tolkien is rolling in his grave.
They keep refer Miriell as „queen“ Miriel instead or Tar-Miriel
There were things I loved, other than I liked less, but all in all very solid! I only wish for Galadriel to gel a little more likable in the future. I love the Stranger and of course Isildur and Elendil
Armenelos is fricking amazing!
I have been watching your content. Even like most of it. The new "Rings Of Power" bastardization, I gave it 3 episodes and though loosely tied to the story, too many rewritings of Tolkien's world and its content. Call me a purist, but making the Silmarillion  what it never was breaks it for me. Done and done.
Episode 3 is soooo much better than the first two episodes. It is really clear that there where other writers and another director on this episode. Let's hope that Jason Cahill & Justin Doble have written more of the coming episodes. Good to know that Wayne Che Yip has directed 4 out of 8 of the episodes.
It was a great episode, really enjoying this show. I watched your after party show when the episode was over. It’s great to e able to watch people talk Tolkien and reference things in the books and not just the movies.
I'm just not feeling this show. When I saw the first trailer for Fellowship of the Ring back in 2001, I felt the Middle Earth magic in my soul that I felt when reading the books as a boy. The movies, of course, delivered on a level I couldn't imagine. I felt tingles of emotion during almost the whole of the movies. This show isn't giving me that feeling in my soul. It's not really giving me any feelings or tingles of emotion whatsoever. I really wanted to like it but it has no soul.
This episode is has the worst plot of the three. Slightly less cringey fake Tolkienien speech.  Why would the orcs destroy all the trees around, not the one they order to cut down? Why? Because the writers needed something to create conflict...  Why are you confused about the orcs "taking 1000 years to make the plan go?" It hasn't taken 1000 years. They have been digging those tunnels for hundreds of years...  Also don't forget that in Episode 2 they say it IS a chance meeting. So this is literally contradictory.
I'm almost certain Halbrand will be the Witch King.
This was my favourite episode so far. Numenor was visually stunning and they've set it up well as a decadent seafaring society with a lot of politicking. I understand they want to portray a younger Galadriel as headstrong but her defiance to Tar Miriel was a bit silly - Galadriel may have been proud as were all the Noldor but she was also wise and perceptive from her earliest days - meh. Her scenes with Elendil deciphering the 'sigil' map of future Mordor were better. The Southlands storyline is certainly intriguing and I think the orcs are very well done indeed - far superior to the Hobbit! The part-reveal of Sauron (I assume?) was genuinely exciting and easily the best cliffhanger to date. Hyped for the next episode!
Best think after the episode your video hits diffrent. Thanks for the work and knowledge you bring
YES! 32 MINUTES OF BREAKDOWN! Love that! Love your content man!
I don’t think halbrand is the witch king as he’s not nunenorian but defo think he will become one of the other nazgul!
Liked Elendil and most of the story in episode 3 except for the hobbits. Hobbits in this show isn't that interesting and the pasting is pretty slow (Unlike House of dragons lol)
Why did they butcher all the Elves🥺
Yesssss, the video I need now distracting me from my horrible arm pain.
Is Adar Sauron? He must be because Sauron has been an elf before and he leads the orcs kinda
There is still one thing, I dont get: the series plays part around the time when the rings of power are made (~1500-1600 SA) but Elendil and his son are born way later in the SA (around the year of 3000 SA). Or am I completely wrong with that thought? Ty, best community out there!
Worste episode so far. So far it seems more like a kids show. Simple story telling where they have thrown out alot of the lore and i just cant help but dislike many of the characters due to the poor writing. Your channel have made been so enjoyable the way you retell stories from the books. But i think this episode made it harder to defend the show. The fight scene with the orcs just take one out of it, i paper cut to the neck with a tiny bit of blood aaaand hes is dead. Hit chains with sharp blade should definetly cut it "". Im usually not that much against diversity but this episode just took me out of the immersion with how they portrayed the people of numenor(Elendil the only exception), and dont get me started with the hobbits. this episode was a drag.
The best way ive seen this show explained was "beautifully boring" this episode is no exception. We have a prisoner orgasmicly riding a horse focused on for an uncomfortable amount of time. how maybe story lines are we ment to track at the same time? especially with not much really happening in any of them. so far all I care about is Nori, Poppy, Disa,The Stranger, Durin III  and Elrond pretty much everyone else is boring me. Save for Galadried who I am growing to hate
So I love this breakdowns as I don’t know as much of the lore as I’d like to. But maybe you can try not to spoil something the show hasn’t shown yet. Like with the numenorian Princess just pretending to be bad. It seems like the show is leading us another way but you kinda spoiled it for me. Lol
I agree the scene of Galadriel on horseback was a bit hokey, but I think the earlier part of that sequence of the horse hooves kicking up the wet sand of the beach and the muscle striations were actually pretty beautifully done shots. Then the close up shots of her and the horses face went just a tad too far lol
"tHe sEa iS aLwAyS rIgHt" imagine writing that and thinking you've done a good job. 😆
I will admit, this episode swayed me so much. I can feel the tempering of Galadriel's anger thanks to Elendil.(she still needs to chill.) He is great and I can't wait to watch the family grow throughout the series. It gave me hope in proper direction. I no longer expect perfection, story wise but the visuals of landscapes, maps and cities are really sucking me in.
How does Halbrand get the cash to buy the whole tavern drinks? 😂
I'm loving the whole thing so far! Thanks for translating the Elvish!  Question: why are Silvan Elves speaking Quenya? (it is identified as such in the subtitles).  As a fan of elves and particularly Silvan elves since 1978 (when I played D&D and read LOTR) I am quite thrilled with the depictions of Arondir and his Silvan crewmates. Ismael Cruz Cordova brings it with movement, martial arts, expression, emotion, and soul shining through. In the not so humble opinion of this oldish fan of LOTR, he might be the most Elvish elf yet...  An interview with Ismael Cruz Cordova states: He dove into the process with characteristic zeal, crafting an immortal warrior of grace, vulnerability, and quiet strength. He trained day in and day out, grounding Arondir’s movement mythology in martial arts like Wushu, Kung Fu, and Capoeira. “I knew that I would have the eyes of the world on me,” he says. “I needed to be undeniable, and to be the most Elven elf that I could be. And I needed my soul to shine through, too.”   Yup. Well done!
I think the time line between the creation of the rings (~1600 S.A.) and the fall of Numenor (3319 S.A) is going to be a little iffy.
Is the timeline of the Second age in this episode same as the books? as i know the building the rings are in 1500-1600 SA but in this episode its about 3300SA!!! Am i true? or making mistake? any one helps me on this!
The tunnels seem a bit of a weak device, as you say why not just move at night or in the forests which are ubiquitous in Tolkien's second age. Just seems like not enough rigour in the invention. The political stuff adds sove gravitas but unfortunately reminds me how much we miss the writings of GRRM. Its nice that Galadriel is flawed, prideful and arrogant it gives her somewhere to go as a character. Halbrand gaining superhero powers and maiming his numanorian assailants lacks the  grit of realism that would help deliver a convincing drama.  It's so difficult for producer and directors, this deserves a more complex and nuanced storyline but networks and audiences? dont have patience with (apparently) I hope they can pull out something more betterer from a somewhat contrived  and hackneyed beginning
Loving the videos. I only discovered your channel a couple of months ago. Really well informed videos and a great balanced take on the new series. Great work.
Overall I like the episode. Glad Galadriel is no longer on a raft. She seems way to quick to fight for one of the few Elves that survives thru every age.   Numenor looks great and the scenes there had a great essence to them.   With that said, the phrase “The Sea is Always Right” is truly stupid sounding, and the sequence where the elf’s neck is slit was really janky.   Looking forward to E4.
I'm living for these breakdown videos. I hope you're enjoying the series as much as I am.
If you're a real LOTR fan and likes the show like this comment!!! 😄
The trench scenes definitely felt reminiscent of WWI, with the green smoke resembling chlorine gas, seeing friends get cut down when they go over the top. I would like to see how they build on this in the future.
I just cant take it anymore, i tried to like the show but does not feel tolkin at all. These damn Elf have short and modern hair, and i cant stand Galadriel. Hobbits are super dirty as well. Unsubbing to Prime
Αntar is sauron.Some episode from nerd of rings says that antar or annatar is sauron.
Any chance that Halbrand is the future King of the Dead?  You know, the ghost king we see in LotR III. He did make an oath with Isildur, so those two knowing each other before would make sense. Halbrand is in a good position to become somewhat friends with Isildur now and he seems to be someone who would rather survive than fight.
This was a step up from the last two episodes. Things starting to move and picking up the pace. Numenor looks AMAZING. Now I still think there're alot of problems but a good step up.
Maybe it's just me, but Meteor Man looks a lot like Graham Chapman. I keep expecting him to say "You have to know these things when you're an Istar, you know.".
I would say Halbrand is definitely NOT Sauron. Sauron would be much fairer imo. He's an original character, so he doesn't have to be anyone we know. They're building up Adar to be Sauron, but I expect it is a misdirect and he, though fair, is only a lieutenant of Sauron.
I bet someone has mentioned this before but the orcs pale white skin makes sense with them shunning the sun and hiding in the dark all the time.
Spoiler Alert! The symbol of Sauron contains a secret message. As you see,  it depicts two mountains,  yet there is only one mountain in mordor. The second mountain is not a mountain,  but the location of Sauron's secret, underground city,  where the orcs are emmassing in numbers of up to 10 thousand.
I think Hillebrand  is going to smith the sword "Narsil", maybe i'm wrong?
Doesnt Sauron get captured before he starts to work himself up and eventualy become an advisor of Pharazon? Then Halbrand could be Sauron. Although it is a bit weird Numenor has already seperated itself from the elves tho, but it could be a bit altered for the show. Curious about other people’s thoughts about this.
finally numenor 💪
Love your honesty, witticisms, and abridged yet spot on summery. Great video.
I love it!
I just feel like the meteor man is an early version of Gandalf. I think this is why Gandalf loved the hobbit so much and trusted them. Just because nori was the first he met. Pure hearted
I loved how Elendil was played. The tree scene, the ocean chants, and some other scenes were just weird af and felt either cheesy, out of place, or just plain weird/overdone. The WEIRDEST scene which I burst out laughing for is the scene of Galadriel riding that horse. Why tf did they make it so dramatic lmaoo. It felt like I was watching an end scene of Black Beauty instead of LoTR it was hilarious
When it gets v good it just doesn't keep you it goes back to harefoots doing silly paganism things or something boring for ten mins I want to be gripped for every minute it did end well and still looking forward to finding who adar is the first/father orc who ends up being the mouth of sauron maybe  and when sauron revels himself will be awesome so I'm still in but it could of been so much more already.
Time compression destroying the show
I don't like the look and effects of the warg and the Galadriel horseback riding scene definitely was hokey.
Another awesome video :)
I REALLY disliked the first two episodes.  I didn't like how they worked with the lore, I didn't like that not much was going on.  I didn't like some of the sets, I felt that the environment was just totally off and I wasn't feeling a Middle-Earth type of atmosphere in the show.  It felt like actors were in a big green room.  This episode was definitely the best episode so far.  Numenor actually looked good, and they had plenty of extras to add a more authentic atmosphere to the scenes.  I am still not convinced about the story and about Galadriel's motivations.  I also am not a fan so far of them adding in Elendil's daughter, I don't really see a purpose in her character existing.  I also think Arondir's story is relatively interesting, with us seeing kind of the rise or Orcs in Mordor, and what it was like before Sauron's return.  The love story stuff was a little cringe in earlier episodes, but of course that had no place in this episode because of the circumstances.    I am a bit worried about Galadriel's character.  By this point, she is very old and has seen a lot, she should be wise and deliberate.  Yet her character here seems hot-headed and rash, and quite abrasive.   I am not buying that Galadriel is supposed to become the elegant being as we see her in the Third Age.  She is an elf who at this point has already been alive far longer than the short time between her time here at the end of the Second Age, and how she will be in the Third Age a few thousand years later.   By now I would think she would have a developed personality, not the personality of a rash, arrogant young lady.
He will play a roll in the sinking of numenor
I am confused as to why they have 2 different events happening thousands of years apart. Isildur was born in the 3000's and the rings forged in 1000's.......
Is it me but doesn't this show seem like a WB show with a billion dollar budget? Lot's of teenager focused adventures.  Some of the dialogue is a bit cringe. I thought it would feature loftier themes and characters.
I'm liking the show a little more, especially with your breakdowns, but I have to say, I'm liking Galadriel (this Galadriel) less and less. She's just an annoying brat with only one expression to her face : the pissed off look. She's nothing like the powerful/holy/mysterious being she's supposed to be, even though she's "younger" here and without the ring, she's still several thousands years old and should show more emotions and more wisdom. (AND WHAT IS WRONG WITH HER HAIR IN THE BEGINNING????? IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN MAGICALLY COMBED PERFECT EVEN SHIPWRECKED!!!!!) Thing is, she's the main character, and if she doesn't change along the episodes I think it'll wear me down... But I'll return next week for Elendil ! Great actor, instantly lovable and engaging !
I'm extremely curious what is that Halbrand says while smashing that poor guy's head: "Call me..."? I can't quite figure it out.
Anyone know what the ambience music in the background is? Ik Nerd uses it a lot but I can't see a link in the description
Halbrand is totally theo's dad and i called that he was a descendant of the people who allied with morgoth. Making even more sense that he probably ditched his son and wife and his other family heirloom, the black blade. I do believe that he may become the witch king though. I think the stranger might be either one of the blue wizards or the show has made the both of them into 1 character.
Can anyone give a decent rating for the show thus far?
Sounds like trashy elf propaganda. Elves didn't give man Numenor, that's such bullshit, it was the Valar.
Why would Sauron use a symbol that gives away his location and ultimately his plan
10:44 it struck me that this moment was much like Jon Snow meeting Daenerys "This is John Snow - King in the North" in GoT. 🤣
Episode 3 was better because plot actually happened
The introduction scene between the Queen Regent, Galadriel and Halbrand gave me Game of Thrones vibes from when Jon and Dany meet in Season 7, with Dany having Missendei rattle off her titles, while Davos just says "This is Jon Snow, King of the North".
As Adar means "father" the title is apt considering how many fathers are involved in this episode.  Loved Elendil.  Episode was great
A thought on this series: do you think this show is going in the direction of completely avoiding the war of the elves and Sauron? If halbrand is Sauron, will Annatar and his story also be fully ignored?   The biggest glaring issue here is the deviation from so many well established events, and the avoidance of the true established timeline, that we know based on tolkiens writings, actually happened in certain order and over a long period of time. This show seems to be condensing and going with it.  Examples: Elendil and Isildur (hopefully anarion) are alive and well when there is no mention of any rings of power being forged (over 1000 years they were created and distributed before elendil was born),   Celebrimbor is still alive, and not even a mention of imladris/Rivendell being around (given Elrond apparently still lives in Lindon), all the while no rings are around and no war of Sauron and elves.    This could all change, but I’m hoping this is a rights issue rather than attempt to depict Tolkien lore that is holding them back. As it stands now, this seems to be mostly fan fiction with Tolkien names more than anything.  I know how well read you are in Tolkien, which is why I love your channel and listen often. Are you really able to look past/over all these major events? As I said above, there could be hope for change, but even the key character, Galadriel, is far different from the actual books and writings (appendices and notes included), than what we are seeing here.  There is a level of cringe and nervousness that I am watching a series that hardly matches the lore. Even the hobbit, at this point, looks much much more accurate to tolkiens writings, and those were criticized harshly by you.
I'm astounded you were able to provide such in-depth insight so soon after the episode release. Phenomenal work! Thank you!
Best episode yet! The hooks are sinking in for guessing who the mystery characters are which is fun. Orcs look amazing! The Warg also had some personality and looked pretty wild.
❤️❤️❤️ I LOVED Numenor and Elendil. I kind of like Halbrand, Nori and the Stranger but the show definitely needs to pick up the pace. Tons of reviews are calling it super boring.  I wish the Southlands story would’ve been introduced later on. The show switches too much between characters and I feel everything progresses too slow for everyone so far.  Very pretty but let’s get a move on. So far, I think House of the Dragon is better not only for me (a Tolkien fan) but most of the casual audience as well. This shouldn’t be so one sided
I don't know... I liked the first two episodes but I didn't like this one much.  Did they just use any name they wanted? Imrahil? Also, I wish they had taken more time for the symbol = map thing to be revealed. Everyone knows Sauron too. And what was that warg? It reminded me of one of those ugliest-dog-in-the-world chihuahuas.
Such a butchering of Tolkien’s rich lore
Those Orc designs were * chefs kiss *
Yeah the horse shot was odd
Okay, you got a new subscriber simply because of how quickly you put this video out… & your breakdowns are so detailed too! I know that’s got to be a lot of work. Respect ✊
Im gonna say it, I'm enjoying the series so far, think the trailers helped, lowered my expectations so much it was almost impossible to be disappointed
Hey man, love your content, thanks for the fair and balanced takes on the new show. I am just watching it without really taking in all the blind criticism OR blind worship. Just letting it play out, we've only seen 3 episodes, who knows what the rest of the series has in store. So far, it's fine. I'm fine with it. I think we were spoiled with the trilogy, obviously it was just perfectly executed in every way, Jackson is a genius. This is just a decently produced, visually stunning, normal take on the LOTR histories. It's not the trilogy, but it's not abhorrently awful. It's just fine.   Also, sorry for all the dislikes from haters. /shrug, the trolls are losers and need to get a life.
I don't know if anyone else mentioned this in this thread, but I just heard an interesting theory on Halbrand. What if Halbrand is, in fact, the future Witch King of Angmar?! His peoples' history of serving Morgoth and his dodging of 'real' details about his past could be hints to a possible turn. I'd like to know what you all think about this?
WHO IS ADAR?
I see Halbrand as a future nazgul. Galadriel's friendship and insistence that there is divine intervention at work in their meeting only heightens the tragedy. His smithing ability and her connections likely eventually put him in proximity to Celebrimbor, and his heritage and his drive to restore his former homelands to their former peoples gives him a reason to want a ring of power when they're made. Galadriel likely helps facilitate this as well. But she'll wrong and he'll fall. A character truly falsely believing that they understand a divine plan only to see the work they think they're doing to further that plan blow up in their face is a well-used trope.
I really loved the episode. Overall. There are a couple things that bother me, but they're small. I liked it. Than most people seem to like it. I enjoy the world building and the slow pace because not only do we have a bunch more episodes this season. We have five seasons and I'm sure they're trying to build up to something that we know how it will end So they do need to take their time.
😂😂😂😂🥱
Underwhelming.
I really didn’t buy the stranger being Gandalf, but he’s kind of in third place for being Sauron behind Adar and Halbrand. I hope he isn’t though, I reallly hope he isn’t
For now, this is going good so far, BUT I HOPE TO NOT MISS THE NUMENOREANS OF THE TIME OF THE FORGING OF THE RINGS OF POWER (Tar-Telperien, Tar-Minastir and so others of this particular time). Whom by the way, saved the races of the free peoples of middle earth while not yet in a time their kings and queens and most of its people of Numenor had not become jealous, full of lust and pride without end. So that's why it'd be ridiculous to ignore the already past gone from a thousand of years since from the birth of Elendil  and Miriel. After all, the shadow that overcame them by into a means of a pride and avarice that HAD STARTED TO AFFECT most of them to come ACTUALLY indeed to FULLY despise all other races HAD NOT COME EFFECTIVE IMEDIATLY BY THE TIME OF THE FORGING OF THE RINGS OF POWER CRAFTED BY CELEBRIMBOR AND SAURON.
That adar dude the orc is talking about HAS to be saruon in his elf form
I think Ada is the first Orc, a corrupted Elf.
Halbrand is Sauron. Like im not theorizing, I’m saying He IS sauron.
For now, this is going good so far, BUT I HOPE TO NOT MISS THE NUMENOREANS OF THE TIME OF THE FORGING OF THE RINGS OF POWER (Tar-Telperien, Tar-Minastir and so others of this particular time). Whom by the way, saved the races of the free peoples of middle earth while not yet in a time their kings and queens and most of its people of Numenor had not become jealous, full of lust and pride without end. So that's why it'd be ridiculous to ignore the already past gone from a thousand of years since from the birth of Elendil  and Miriel. After all, the shadow that overcame them by into a means of a pride and avarice that HAD STARTED TO AFFECT most of them to come ACTUALLY indeed to FULLY despise all other races HAD NOT COME EFFECTIVE IMEDIATLY BY THE TIME OF THE FORGING OF THE RINGS OF POWER MADE UP BY CELEBRIMBOR AND SAURON.
I would be disappointed if Halbrand = Sauron. Sauron as Annatar was able to use his cunning to manipulate all but the wisest of the Eldar. Halbrand's big play this episode was to get a bunch of workers drunk and steal one's sigil, which he can't even pull off. Not exactly master cunning... though annoyingly he is already imprisoned in Numenor.
Both the Numenor and Arondir storylines are really engaging, which makes it all the more jarring when the Harfoots show up. Not only are they uninteresting, but some of the dialog is *really* cringe ("Do you think you're special or something?" "I know I'm not special, I just feel..." UGGHHH STAHP. The only thing that could salvage that storyline for me would be a really dark turn with the stranger.
Halbrand isnt Sauron. What a relief! It would have made the already bad show worse.
I think the "keywords" in Galadriel-Halbrand convo is "...your people has no KING, for YOU are him". I mean...Sauron attacked Eregion to retrieve the rings, and "three of those that received them were Númenórean lords, and another was from the East". Maybe Witch King of Angmar, or maybe a refurbished Khamûl (innacurate if you consider actual Arda geography, but hey...still possible in this 'adaptation')???
This series is at best mediocre and the people who are supposedly related to each other bear no resemblance to each other in the slightest. Poor casting and poor planning. Christ what a missed opportunity.
This episode I thought was boring in several spots, the writing is not smooth and somewhat suitable (in spots) for a college play. The Harfoots party/reading of the 'left behind' was to me a Bilbo birthday party rip-off. I barely made it through and right afterwards turned on the movie Deathstalker.
I think Halbrand is Sauron. The glance and interest in the smithing stuff is one thing, but mainly this episode showed how great he is at deceiving and convincing others to do his bidding. He is extremely charming and succeeds in doing so every single time to every single character. Sauron in his concealed form is known to have this aspect to his character. It really adds a complex and sinister side to Halbrand and I sure hope I’m right!
The fake hobbits are so weak in the story. I can hardly sit through their scenes.
Did anyone else become really annoyed and distracted by big round puppy eyes on Wargs?
Elendil is great. Everyone talking to galadriel like she's a bratty princess is annoying (she's a general and super old and powerful). I still don't like the soundtrack. I am honestly cringing my way through these episodes still
I cringed so much when Halbrand tells Galadriel to bow and she listens to him.  As if she needs him to tell her how to act in that environment.  The fact that she listens to him and bows down is bad writing and understanding of the character imo.
I thought it was interesting that as the harfoots were remembering their fallen, meteor man was looking at the star map it caught fire. Almost like the fire was symbolism that he should not find that constellation. He has to be evil. I’m leaning blue wizard. It is fun guessing. 🤷🏾‍♀️😅
Elendil is so great!  I also kinda like Isildur so far, i was the most skeptic about Isildur before but now I kinda like him!
Arondir captured by the Orcs reminds me Shadow of Mordor the video game ! Pretty good episode
'The sea is always right' to me sounds like ironic foreshadowing consider the fate of that Isle.
Halbrand = witch king Halbrand = witch king He has so much promise, he will unite his people, and then when it comes down to it he will falter. He is such a likeable character and would make for an excellent tragic downfall.  He does display many things that could foreshadow him being Sauron himself, but I think it’s a misdirection. His need to smith is incredibly odd though  *edit YES I wrote that before I watched the video and you said the same exact thing lol
Great breakdown as ever!!  You're my go-to!  I know they've compressed the timeline of the SA but roughly where in that timeline are the events taking place?  The SA was over 3000 years.  Is RoP covering the last 200 years or so??  I was less taken by episode 3 but it's still early days.  I hope the harfoots become more of a background if I'm honest
I'm confused as to the timeline. Isildur and Elendil are alive, so it has to be well into the SA 33rd Century. But, they are just now figuring out (per conversation among Arondir and the other elves) that Sauron is Morgoth's successor? A lot doesn't add up, unless they are pulling a Witcher and mixing up the timeline without telling us. Shouldn't the rings already have been made and the War of the Elves and Sauron already been fought?
Didn't the elves literally say that aldar is Sauron? So that blurry guy at the end was Sauron.
I think they are trying really hard to illustrate why the hobbits weren't known about by the other races in the second age.  Like, a little too hard.
"The past is dead" - Elendil, elf-friend and supporter of the old ways.
I'm really concerned with the dialogue in this episode. The confrontation of halbrand and galadriel with the numenorean court was filled with casual lingo that sounded like metal scraping to my ears!
CANCEL HARFOOT SCENES
as much as I like the theories around halbrand, im kinda hoping they just stick to the smaller scale stories they wrote for the orignal characters like halbrand. The grander story is already being followed by galadriel and elrond, so just putting in an extra twist for the sake of subversion would really make this feel cheap and totally ruin some enjoyment.
I’m in awe with this series!!! It’s just beautifully made!! Cast, script, photography, music, everything is amazing!
I'm half expecting it to turn out that this season has a split timeline, like season 1 of The Witcher. Say for example, that the stuff with Elrond and the Dwarfs has happened later than the stuff in the Southlands. That could make things really interesting, in terms of the sequence of events... as long as the audience is smart enough to keep up, because The Witcher seemed to confuse everyone.
Fitting title for an episode imo. Nothing to add, thought it was a good episode of TV tbh. Galadriel looking fine af in it probably helps though! Lol. I suppose Halbrand could unite the southern men, become a king of men, then get corrupted into one of the unnamed Nazgul?
Still boring, the dialogue is still pathetically bad, and the effects were really bad at times.  The one thing we know for sure is that this has nothing to do with Tolkien's work.  It's just a generic dumb fantasy show that has stolen the LOTR paint coat.
It’s a really sad day when the orcs are the best thing about the episode.
“Evil cannot create anything new, they can only corrupt and ruin good forces have invented or made” - J. R. R. Tolkien
this review needs a bit of this: https://youtu.be/_iGwYAxh9jU.
Isildur's mate screaming "Isilduuur!" gave me chills.
I loved arondir’s scenes at the end . Also elendil is an  quite an interesting character. I liked that they didn’t show Adar’s face clearly
Man...the hate for this series is real  People are coming to this channel just to Dislike and then leave
...also "No chance meeting" is a theme in Tolkien's other works. Thorin and Gandalf meeting, or Frodo and Gildur, for example.
6/10 ep1 5.5/10 ep2 5/10 ep3. I dont feel any vibe of mystery and excitement like when I first watched The LOTR trilogy. Still nice visual effects though.
i'm pretty sure Adar is Sauron, Halbrand one of the Nazgul and the meteor man Gandalf.
Not a fun of the harfoots storyline,
3 episodes in and boredom continues. What we had maybe 3 scenes of action?  The fellowship in under 3 hours had 2 times more action than these 3 episodes combined.
Think Halbarad might actually be Sauron, corrupting the men of numenor.
It looks beautiful but character-wise feels so empty, for me at least. I love Elendil so far though. The first person I actually care about
Loved this Episode
I went through your video on Galadriel's travel, I don't see her going to Numenor.
It's the time lines that bother me. I do like the series, the nonsense about "wokeism" is nonsense, the actors of colour do not detract from the story in any way as we thought. It's the storylines that I'm bothered with. The series starts clearly in the few centuries in the 2nd age after the War of Wrath which closed the 1st. The Amazon series makes crazy jumps, sometimes of thousands of years in the 2nd age. After Galadriel in the first few centuries hunts Sauron we're then taken with no apparent time gap, to the time Celibrimbor is planning his big project which in the actual storyline is around 1000 years after the first episode. And now, in this 3rd episode, we have literally jumped around 1700 years to Ar-Pharazon's time! In the series, there has been no Timelapse at all. And Sauron should have first appeared in Celebrimbors time of his big project and Sauron forged the One Ring in 1600 of the 2nd age. The elves figure him out and the Numenoreans sail over the kick Sauron's ass.   It is the year 3255 when Ar-Pharazon becomes King and sails to ME and captures Sauron in 3261 and brings him to Numenor and becomes corrupted. The series therefore has very little relation to the actual Tolkien storylines. They're trying to mix in everything from the 2nd age into one timeframe.
Itt: people really putting in a lot of effort to like the show.
I actually find myself looking forward to the next episode, and i truly enjoy the soundtrack as well. I don' t quite get all the angry reviews. It's a very loose adaptation of some parts of the books, plus one can always read the said books. (by the way, i love Ulmo)
21:28 "How could I be so blind?" Asks Galadriel who apparently couldn't figure out what you did. lol
Maybe "The Sea is always RIGHT" is kind of a reminder that the Men of Numenor should not sail to the West (the left side of the world)... that rule that the Valar imposed. They have to stay on the "right" the East side of the World.
the supplement for the show, amazing lore
I think I’m getting tired of having to being explained this it was what they meant to say in this adaptation. Other than a few individuals names it’s not Tolkien. Sorry
Episode 3 is the best episode so far. Still kinda boring. Love the numenorian area reveal.  6.3/10
WK was black numenorian . Unless Amazon messes that up halbrand isn’t him
i'm in love with this show. cinematic 2nd age lore in 2022 is a blessing. i nearly fell out of my seat when isildur's name was first said. living for ep 4
Mostly enjoying it, but my main criticisms are if the Stranger ends up being Gandalf and this romantic tension between Galadriel and Halbrand.  Celeborn: ''am I a joke to you?"
This video is sponsored by Amazon. Therefore I am paid to say nice things about this show. the hearts of men are easily corrupted. And Amazon’s the ring of power has a will of its own.
I think it's going to be difficult to predict and answer things like Halbrand's true identity and future and "where is Sauron?" because most of us who know the books and the Appendices may occasionally be thrown off by relying on what we know, which doesn't look like it can possibly line up with this series. For example, Sauron worked with the Elves in Hollin way, way before he went to Numenor and brought them down. Yet we seem to be just a short time before Numenor goes under - bcz Ar-Pharazon is one step away from the throne, and yet Celebrimbor has not even mentioned making any rings yet. Presumably the rings of power would have been made more than a thousand years before these events on Numenor and the Nazgul have been wraiths for many centuries by now. I guess the unpredictability is kind of novel, but it may occasionally disappoint those of us who know the books. Maybe the surprises won't be too disappointing. To me, Meteor Man is still the biggest mystery. And I hope Tom Bombadil makes an appearance at some point, even if his identity is not apparent to all viewers. They should be in his neck of the woods once Elendil makes it to Arnor.
I literally yawned as soon as it transitioned to the harfoots, not that I dislike them but their plot feels disconnected with everything else and I hope that they'll get more interesting in the future because until now they're the weak link of the tv show for me  Everything else was perfect in this episode and I got a big smile on my face seeing Galadriel happy while riding the horse
- i love the show even if it gets boring sometimes and criticism/hate. Waiting to see this World of Tolkien and its Beauty again was horrible thank God its over
Episode 3 the return of the Brophry.
I'm so conflicted with this show I love the orcs but hate some shoots like the one of the horse
They feel the need to constantly remind us she was or is the commander of the northern army’s yet we never see her command sh!t. She had a few elves with her in the first episode that laid down their swords and refused to follow her then she abandoned them on the way to Valinor. Not exactly leadership material…… they easily could have just shown her leading her army in a battle or two instead of the useless other crap they gave up. They absolutely destroyed her character. Irredeemable at this point
I cannot believe your turnaround time on these videos, dude. Bravo. Thank you so much for these!
Adar is Sauron and it's undeniable
Damn good call on the 'sigil' being a map of/to future-Mordor! I liked the slightly dark tinge to the Harfoot tradition 'cause at least it tempers the Happy Little Hobbits™ vibe a bit and kinda anchors them to the world. Since we know now that the sigil is in fact a reference to Mordor and the plan, how do you think that lines up with the possible Stranger-as-Balrog theory?
It's a reach but hear me out. Could it be possible that Halbrand is the Witch-King, being possibly a king of men and an heir to the servants of Morgoth, it seems possible he could be given one of the 9 rings and in a later season, rule angmar and war against the Dunedain (if the show ever goes third age)  And if Halbrand is then NOT sauron, could meteor man be Sauron? Everything the show is telling us about meteor man seems to say "wizard" to me, but that could be a fake-out so that we as the viewers are deceived by the Deceiver. Fire not being hot was mentioned in ep 1 as a sign of evil, seems a bit of Chekov's Rifle for the meteor fire to also not be hot.  But then who is Adar? Who knows, maybe he's actually Sauron the above is totally wrong.  In any case, the fact I'm having to guess about who Sauron might be, is clever of the show writers. Puts us in the shoes of the elves for a while.
This is amazon channel :D
Good episode, 8/10. When I saw the Numenor on screen - tears of joy!
Fantastic review!! So thorough!! I loved the episode. The practical effect Orcs are fantastic and everything and I mean everything about Numenor is just astonishing
The Show is getting better with every episode
Elendil the Tall was disappointingly mundane looking. Numenor was nice looking, but the dialogue was just awful. I have to say it -- Galadriel's lines were rough, and Halbrand and the drinking men was just... token fantasy dialogue with lots of modern language I didn't like. "The Sea is always right" was so random-sounding. I didn't like that. I also really hate how they imply that Noldor elves are indistinguishable  from Men if they cover their ears. That just isn't right. The elves are otherworldly, not just people with pointy ears. And what was with Galadriel threatening to kill Elendil? Galadriel never threatened to kill anyone in Numenor. She wouldn't do that!
The hobbits are quite extreme
I'm really enjoying it so far.  PJ's movies already primed folks for 'elves do cool acrobatic things' and nothing has been as silly as running up falling bricks so that's all fine.  Really liking how things are moving forward.  I honestly wish we hung out a bit more with Galadriel but I get it's an ensemble show.    Honestly my only real complaint, and it's not much of one, is I miss the look of the movie wargs.
I think the season will end with Galadriel and Halbrand restoring his kingdom, when Galadriel is gifted a ring of power she will make sure Halbrand is included with the other Kings of men. He will then of course fall and rise as a Nazgul, potentially the Witch King, this would be a good character moment for Galadriel because her actions will have led to the downfall of a friend and the rise of Sauron which stopping that has been her whole character so far.
That episode was bad.  Not sure i can stay with the series anymore.  Twot errors are all over this show.  Its like when people complained about stuff in twot they doubled down on it in rop.
I feel pretty stupid for thinking the stranger was not evil, because he's totally the Balrog, something about  the way he walked when pushing the cart
Love middle earth. But this show is childhish. And has poor writing. I understand there are beautifull scenarios and visuals at times, and some good acting. Is not a disaster or anything, but is mediocre writing.
Explaining a bad fanfic? Why?
to be honest this was my least favorite of the three, i hear there was a director change and i feel it shows for the worse, a lot of cheesy, corny and weird moments in this episode where i didnt feel that at all in previous ones. the galadriel horse smile moment, isildur meeting his sister for the first time, and the sea is always right line. also i found halbrand buying the drinks weird, as he was just shipwrecked and i imagine was completely broke.  hope it picks up, ep3 was prob 6/10 for me.
I feel a little weird because... the Harfoot storyline is actually my favorite one. To me, they've captured this Hobbit spirit Tolkien himself has cherished so much very well, even while re-imagining it in another, more rough and dangerous time and setting and everything. But it's still all there and it's even more touching to me than it was in FOTR, which does say a lot! This scene where they're remembering the one's they had to leave behind is really great in my view. But of course the best thing is Nori and this whole lovely, nature-y, dirty, foody and wholesome - and yet courageous and pure thing some Hobbits seem to be able to all combine into one (like Sam did too). By far my favorite character as well so far.
Location visuals, CGI, and music is still a 10/10. It was so great to see Numenor.
Peter Jackson's wargs looked far better than Amazon's imo
"...the most human on human violence we've seen in a Middle Earth adaptation."  The Haradrim would like a word ;)
Matt, thank you for your amazing channel.  Been out of touch with LOTR for several years.  With RoP I needed a refresher and all your videos are superbly made.  Thank you for your analysis of each episode, too.  You point out many things I missed.  Despite some fears Amazon and Simon Tolkien would mess up the show, I am greatly pleased by what Amazon made.  While Tolkien fans are annoyed by the Harfoots, I understand the reason for putting them into the story since they want to reach the non Tolkien fans and even the casual viewer, especially women, love Hobbits.  So it is clearly a marketing move.  Just as we gave PJ forgiveness for story changes for the movies, I think we should do the same for Amazon.  A TV series is a brand new format for the story of Middle Earth, so allowances should be given. Also, while I became engrossed in Game of Thrones, I chose to not watch their prequel at this time so I don't get confused in fantasy stories.  However, I would be interested to hear how they fare in competition for viewers.  I am looking forward to both watching RoP future episodes and I can't wait for the day Amazon sells the DVDs.
I need like 75% less harfoots.  Its taking away too much from more interesting plot threads.  The fact we got so much harfoots this episode but no Elrond, Durin, or Celebrimbor is such a bummer.  There better be a GREAT payoff with the harfoot plot or else it would have been such a waste.
I liked this episode much more than the first two. Elendil and Isildur were highlights. Still not a fan of the casting choice for Galadriel. She gives me a “girl next door” vibe instead of the majestic and regal look of Cate Blanchette.
regarding the Earendil reference by Sadoc, I think it makes sense. He does only say that he’s heard of it, doesn’t mean he knows the ins and outs. Probably just heard some passing men talking about an elf who became the North Star and it just kinda stuck in his mind.
I think Halbrand is being set-up as the Southern Return of the King.
i feel like the only reason i'm watching this show is because it's middle earth. there's actually very little about any of it that i'm enjoying. I'm finding the writing plainly bad for the most part. lots of the dialogue is honestly painful, like it's trying way too hard to sound sophisticated and tolkien-y, but it ends up missing the mark and coming across like a bad shakespearean play.   If you're enjoying the show, great! I just can't get past the quality of the writing, dialogue, and casting. And this whole time i've been trying to make myself believe that I AM enjoying it, but I think the reality is that I just like the idea of seeing middle earth being portrayed in some form.
I got some problems with the episode AND the show in general.  First of all they never say how Arondir's partners have been caught... the one in particular seems to be the general so the elves shouldn't have noticed that a general or his entire squad are missing? Second a huge plot hole: HOW MEN FROM THE FAR SOUTH MADE THE JURNEY TO THE FAR NORTH-WEST OF THE WORLD IN THAT BOAT AND MET GALANDRIEL where did they want to go anyway. Third the meteor man is either Gandalf either a blue wizard (probably the first one while it should have been the second) the coming of a wizard alone in a meteor isn't a problem for any of you??? I have a lot more issues but I have already write enough. Unfortunately for me the show has a lot of things going wrong and I don't even care if they are telling a completely different story than the books , it is just what we see
Weakest episode for me, 6.5/10. Biggest downer by far was Galadriel solving both the symbol as map and finding out Halbrand's background all while spending 5 minutes in Elros library. I can't stand this mediocrity of out of the blue plot advancements that we get in every movie and show these days. I was pleasantly surprised with the first two episodes because they took their time with the symbolism and they seemed to setup things slowly. Really bothersome. I also noticed some other quality drops, like the awkward exposition of Galadriel talking to Halbrand while entering Numenor, and just in general some scenes seemed to be less solid. Perhaps it is director Wayne Che Yip, who directed this episode and the next three, that takes some responsibility. I personally found the drop very obvious, but many people seemed to like this episode best.  Also, the Sauron clues for Halbrand are so over the top it would be incredibly anticlimactic if they went for that. The smithing, the violence, but especially the hugging of Elendil ( o the irony) are too much. I think Witch King is a nice bet, especially since it will take a while. Unfortunately no new clues for Meteor Man, although he does seem to regain a bit of his senses.
Am loving it so far
Though it was a bit of a cheesy moment, I thought when Isildur was more excited to see his horse than his sister, it shows how much some Numenorians love their horses, lol.
I also think Adar could be a black numenorean or relative of Halbrand apart from obviously being Sauron. Though I don't think we're out of the woods with Halbrand=Sauron. Hoping his interest in smithing and penchant for winning people over and telling them what they want to hear while low key getting his way are just red herrings.
Thank you for mentioning Minas Tirith. I was wondering if it was the same building that they rebuilt for Gondor later on. They even have the tree. But I guess it's just similar architecture.  The sight of that actually brought me to tears. Beautifully done! I enjoyed this entire episode very much!
1:31 This was a big deal for me, too. Tunnels seem really slow and unnecessary. Tolkien's orcs usually just traveled stealthily by night.
Serious question. Elendil refers to Galadriel as one of the Eldar and I see her described as such on many sites but is she technically an Eldar? She is not among those who first awoke and was not even born in Middle Earth. Are the Eldar just those among the elves that first awoke and traveled to Aman? If not then how is it all their descendants are not Eldar? Or are they?
This episode made me not want to watch the rest of the series. Characters are annoying (especially harfoots)and are not developed well to feel empathetic to whatever happens to them in the story. Dialogues are empty and that warg that looks like big ugly chihuahua just killed my hopes for this show
Orcs "seldom" travel by day, but they CAN do it. They don't burn -- they just really dislike sunlight.
Regular orcs _are_ uruk-hai.
I liked the depiction of the Orcs! They seemed far scarier, being a match for an Elf and of course far more deadly against humans. Also that using their sunlight weakness is a must if you are to defeat them!
I'd have no idea what is going on in this show with these breakdowns. Thanks.
Hmmm if Harfoots have been hiding for a thousand years, I would think it quite easy for them to over hear a tale of Ëarendil. Such a fantastical story would no doubt spread within their folk, even with the finer details lost through the centuries.
Agreed about the migration of the Harfoots, it was the weakest of the storylines in this episode.  I loved Numenor. Loved Elendil. Loved Isildur. Loved Arondir and the whole orc escape thing, minus some dodgy warg CGI (but when everything else looks so good, it's easy to spot a slightly more dodgy effect).  I think Halbrand being Sauron is too easy. I am guessing Witch King. Though I think we got that gruesome shot of him breaking that guy's wrist as a hint that he may have more power than we realize.  Are we not assuming that Adar at the end in the orc camp is Annatar? I mean it absolutely looks like a lot of the artwork in terms of character design. Maybe the show hasn't even played its hand yet as far as Sauron yet. I just don't buy it being Halbrand.   I think the biggest thing that still bugs me about this show is Galadriel's one-noted-ness, and I am really hoping we see that character develop over the course of this season especially. She is too singularly-driven at this point, and I am hoping there's a payoff to that.   Overall, still loving the show.
I'm not one to call sauron, but what do you think about the puppeteer being Annatar? the framing of that scene of the puppet masters hands seemed significant and foreshadowing.
I really think Adar is Sauron. He’s gonna get captured in the southlands and get brought back to Numenor. Then we will see him corrupt Pharazon
Was waiting all day for the review
Could Halbrand be Khamul the easterling? He talks of the men who allied with Morgoth, in the first age those men were easterlings. I highly doubt it, as I don't think the show runners would go that deep into the lore, but, would make more sense to me for him to be khamul rather than witchking.
Another one for my playlist! :)
I feel like Halbrand is Sauron in disguise XD
great fan fiction review sponsored by amazon
The Harfoot marching song reminded me of chants you would sing in pre-school while holding hands and being led between classes or across roads. Not sure if that was the vibe they were going for...  The "every harfoot for themselves" nature of their nomadic life style seems to be a source of tension within the community. We get mournful shots of family members as their abandoned relatives are roll called out-- most notably with female Samwise. Could foreshadow the Hobbit evolution into a fixed/stationary community. In LOTR every step Sam takes takes him farther from home, but in ROP, Nori doesn't even have a home.
The whole, “The sea is always right” is just…gosh it’s so dumb.
i really prefer prime adaptation of the orcs over previous ones because it doesn't show them to be so stupid but rather intelligent
elendil💙❄️💙
Best episode yet. I’ve no idea if halbrand is Sauron. I was surprised how violent this was and they really showed how cruel the prices are
I'm thinking Halbrand is the Witch King too. He'll get duped by Annatar and given a ring.  I have a hard time believing Adar will be Annatar/Sauron though.  I feel like trench duty would be beneath him.  Enjoying your breakdowns, thanks!
🌻
Also still really enjoying the Harfoot story.  OK, I missed Khazad-Dum, but the Harfoots really capture that childlike innocence (even if the roll call was grim).  Also, I'm a huge Lenny Henry mark
does it suck that the Stanger mostly likely is Gandalf? yes, that said, i kinda like that thats why Galdalf grew so fund of the Hobbits later on 😅
My predictions: Halbrand becomes a Ringwraith Theo is Halbrand’s son, will lead good southlanders Meteor Man is a Blue Wizard Adar is not Sauron, but his cult’s leader Sauron has not been introduced yet Season ends with Mount Doom erupting
I saw Andy Serkis last summer at breakfast in a hotel in the Lake District here in the UK. I really liked this episode, the one thing I sort of didn’t like is the wag wolf coming in, as they’ve been in all the other films and want this to try to stay fresh and not link too much to the films. We’ve seen it before send out your waggs they appeared in nearly all the films.
Tar-Palantir has the gift of foresight
This series drives me crazy because we get flashes of the brilliance it could have, yet it does not and we know it won't.
Gladriel saying this place has changed. "Hey, there's a Goldenberries Chain restaurant here!"
I'm enjoying the hobbit sequences more thn I expected. The act of remembering those who were left behind was quite moving. It's reminiscent of the real-life Bakhtiari tribe of Iran who also leave behind those who cannot keep up/ford rivers etc. At least that was still the case in the 1960s when they featured in the series The Ascent of Man.
It was so sad! I loved this episode, I'm sold on the show now. But the tree and... So sad...
Don’t like this show so far but dang the Numenor visuals were incredible. And Elendil is awesome.   Some really dumb stuff to balance this out as usual though.
I liked the episode. Finally seeing some action and storyline is getting more narrow focused. I'm liking Elendil and he might be my most favourite character for this series. The actor definitely matches the role. Again thanks for your hardwork and fan focused contents Matt 👏🏾❤
I liked this episode more than the first two. Whenever the scene cuts to harefoots I kinda feel bored so I just skip thier parts hahaha.
Maybe Adar is Amazon's version of  Sauron's aliase name of Annatar. Amazon probably doesn't have the rights to Annatar... so they went with this?  I'm intrigued to find out more about him. And again with the Harfoots, you could remove them entirely and i would enjoy the show the same. Other than  Metoer Man"... they are just kind of there, breaking up the important story. Hopefully they don't influence the story too much.
This episode is promising for the show. BUT MAN THESE HARFOOTS ARE SO ANNOYING. I just don't care and don't want to know about their story. Elendil and Halbrand are interesting tho
Loved it, left me wanting more again.  Numenor was stunningly realised, and the practical effect orcs are amazing.  The warg had something of a chihuahua look to it's face which I found amusing.  That slo-mo horse riding shot makes Galadriel look so much like Cate Blanchett!
Númenor looked amazing, like a masterful painting -- I was reminded of the famous Renaissance painting 'The School of Athens' by Raphael, or Thomas Cole's 'Fall of Rome' and other similar works from the Enlightenment and Romantic periods.  After three episodes, I feel that the conceit of creating a character like the Stranger was a bad decision. Sci-Fi / fantasy writers make this mistake too often -- create a mystery that cannot possibly pay off in a satisfying way. Abrams' Star Wars (and Lost), Carter's X-Files, Moore's Battlestar Galactica, GRRM's ASOIAF, and so many others have fallen into this trap.   I'm still here for all of it, but I couldn't help but feel Ep 3 was a bit of a let-down. Halbrand was a little too cheeky, the warg looked cartoonish, the fight choreography didn't wow me, and the slow-motion shots of Galadriel riding were twee & cloying.  In terms of character, the bright spot of the episode was definitely Elendil -- looking forward to seeing him develop.
White orcs because "white people bad" that's no accident. Mary sue completely unlikeable main character. All round boring show. Has no clue who it's audience is, one minute they are snapping arms on screen the next they are dancing in a field like a Disney film. This will not make season 3. With all the real world woke politics aside it's dull, predicable modern garbage.
I don’t know who halbrand is, and I’m very happy with that. They did a great job on making us think twice when we thought last week for sure that he was Sauron.
I feel like I have lived half my life in Middle Earth. I began my first of nine readings of the books 56 years ago. I loved the first Peter Jackson films. I hated what he did to The Hobbit. This series is even worse. It is utter garbage and has nothing to do with Tolkien.
Can't say I like how they pigeon holed Elendil. Miriel really not knowing who is? His family is the 2nd most noble family in Numeanor. Outside of the direct lines of the Kings his family is arguably the most powerful noble family. Not to mention Numendil ,his grandfather, was the cousin to Tar-Palantir and one of his most trusted senior advisors. Their families have inter-twined a lot through the ages. If Sauron is not in Numeanor yet and Ar-Pharazon is not king then the Lords of Andunie are still senior counselers to the crown.
I totally agree with your review of the episode. I did learn a few things I was unaware of, or had forgotten over the years. Thanks!
This episode was somehow even worse than the abysmal first two 😂  The level of cringe I felt throughout whilst watching it was off the chart.
So where are galadriels husband and children and why has no one mentioned them?
The best episode so far, I don't like the hobbits plot either and I found ar pharazon to be kind of an wimp... And Galadriel is still annoying, solid episode overall though, the best so far by a long shot.
Sadoc could be old enough to of ran into Tom Bombadil?
I thought Anarion was going to be forgotten again but we got a name drop and I almost cheered   Halbrand descendant of uldur the accursed ?
I am so excited to see further where this series ends up going! I’m ok with the “slow burn”
I sense a disturbance in Middle Earth. Mr. Nerd is beginning to lose his patience with the liberties taken by the ROP makers.
Shills gonna shill, a shame, you could have had a cool channel if you did the right thing and stood up to corporate greed instead of suckling from the corporate teat like, well, a shill.
Serious lack of good taste in this comments section.
I'm still in shock at how they can make Galadriel so unlikable. She's borderline insufferable at this point. This is criminal.
If Halbrand is Sauron in disguise, it's not that hard to decipher. He's from the SOUTHLANDS. He's found close to Numenor, floating adrift. He's made several suspect statements, about people not being what they appear to be, searching for his peace for a long time....yadayadayada. And perhaps the biggest clues came when he uses his cunning to ply people's ears to take a liking to him. And also the fact that he apparently LOVES to forge things and claims he's the best at it
The best episode so far but that CGI warg was awful. It looked like the slapped some CGI on a robot prototype
I still don't feel that the show could capture much of the spirit of Tolkien's work, but as a fantasy series it is nice and I really like the design of the Orcs, and Isildur & Elendil seem pretty cool. I head to laugh really hard when Miriel, who has very obviously an elvish name, asked Elendil about the meaning of his. I initially liked the Harfoots, but they weirded me out a lot in this episode. I thought they were all about community and sticking together, but now they are willing to let a whole family die, because one guy broke his foot. I mean, they would have needed one other person to push the cart, not more. They really seem to be into survival of the fittest.
I can definitely see how Halbrand could lead you to believe it’s Sauron. I hope that is not the case, Sauron is supposed to be cunning. Halbrand is not cunning.   If Sauron’s big play was to steal a brooch to wow everyone with his smithing skills. He failed miserably. I hope Sauron has simply already worked his way to celebrimbor, and he’s hidden among the elves while everyone searches for him.
The face Galadriel made riding the horse.... my god... scariest thing I ever seen. That was the moment I was 100% sure couldn't take this serie anymore haha
As the majority agrees Elendil is the best thing about the show so far, the only character that actually feels like a lord of the rings character
Why don't you release this a little later so that people who have jobs and can't watch the episode at midnight on a Thursday aren't bombarded with spoilers in their youtube feed
I'm trying to like it, but dang they make it hard to do so.
The orcs vs the elves in the hole was such a fun scene, I was so hopeful but then the commander got killed. I throughly enjoyed this episode, I'm always left wanting more. :)
To me, it is somehow logical that Halbrand will become Kamul, second in comand. Somehow logic pulls me in that direction.Also the best episode so far, although the hobbits are a bit boring in this episode.
I personally likes the horse riding shot. I take it that its been perhaps centuries (??) that Galadriel has been traveling and its def been a while since she’s been riding. I saw it as a way to expand her character’s interests a bit and it showed her joy towards freedom. It also was BEAUTIFULLY shot. The horse, her DRESS? Gorg. I also loved the Harfoots lil entrance in the forest. This show is taking directing and cinematography very seriously and im here for it.
Orks look good, and that’s about it for me
Number one Tolkien never had Galadriel going to Numenor, just like Tolkien never had Galadriel going after Sauron.  Also: "And last of all the mounting wave, green and cold and plumed with foam, climbing over the land, took to its bosom Tar-Míriel the Queen, fairer than silver or ivory or pearls." - Tolkien, the silmarillion  That doesn't sound like a black or woman of color to me.   Really folks what does any of this considering all the points that I've brought up, what does any of this have to do with Tolkien?  I agree with Elon Musk: "Tolkien is turning in his grave."
Some more thoughts:  1. A tunnel-trench system seems very in-character for Tolkien's Orcs.  2. Jed Brophy's Orc looks great!  3. Orcs using slave labor is also very in-character.  4. Not a fan of the Númenórean sailor outfits. They look a bit too... manufactured, if you ask me.  5. Armenelos and its architecture look decent enough. No "Greatest Civilization that Ever Existed" vibes, but still decent enough. Also, it's supposed to be inland; Rómenna is the main city on the eastern coast.  6. Meneltarma doesn't look unique enough, in my opinion. It was always described as more like a steep pillar than a pyramid-shaped peak.  7. "Commander of the Northern Armies" still shouldn't be among Galadriel's (many) titles.  8. Ar-Phazarôn should NOT look that old yet. His yet far-off fear of aging is supposed to be one of his core character traits.  9. I dunno about some of the Númenórean outfits... Also, aren't they all supposed to be almost as beautiful as the Elves? Not that the Elves in this show look very Elf-like either... 10. Isildur in navy training seems fair enough.  11. Always a fan of the accurate Elvish language stuff.  12. I'm skeptical of this "Elendil's daughter" character.  13. 21:01 If I'm being honest, that painting isn't great. I'd expect far better of Númenor.   14. I agree redemption isn't really something Galadriel should need at this point.  15. I'm very curious about how this Adar thing will turn out.
i aint gonna be watching the amazon version i will wait for your breakdowns. helps me understand whats going on
I think this was the weakest of the three episodes so far 😕 IMO they still haven't found the right pacing for the stories. At times I was genuinely bored and wondering how much of the episode was left.There was just too much gratuitous slow-mo that felt like filler. Galadriel has officially become an exposition device. Also, I understand that her character is young and proud but why is she sooooo unwise? She doesn't have to be like 3rd age Galadriel but a bit of common sense would be OK 🤣 And I still can't get used to her pronunciation.  The tree cutting/water drinking scene with the orcs seemed a bit far-fetched to me. My first thought was "please, not another reference to the LOTR movies with Merry and the disgusting drink". My second thought was "why would you expose your throat to your enemies like that!?" (I'm just a dog mom and yet I realize how stupid that would be... I do live in Latin America, tho LOL Maybe that explains my refined survival instincts  🤣). And finally I thought "there is just not enough blood for a severed jugular" - if you don't want to show blood, don't put your characters in a position where being drenched in blood is a requirement.  And what is up with Isildur hearing a woman say his name?! So far, I can only see this as a reference to Aragorn hearing Sauron calling him Elessar. If it is, I hate it! These references get me out of the story. Or maybe I've watched the trilogy so many times that I see references where there are none 😅  On a positive note, the orcs looked amazing! And OMG poor warg! 🤣I really liked Elendil, the actor did a great job!
Its getting boring with every episode
You didn't mention that the Latin word for forest is "silva." And Tolkien was a language expert, including Latin :)
Thank you so so so so much for making videos like these for us confused folks out here
So you want to know what I think?  -  The series is very mehhhh so far...its just not interesting. I often get vibes of childish dialogue, for example the rather teenagery rudeness of Galadriel in Numenor. A 1000+ year old experienced and wise being would not behave/talk like that. There are quite more scenes where I am struck with the overly masculine and rude behaviour of females in this show...well in most shows these days, some kind of effort to empower women? Seems childish to me and rather tiresome.  Well, moving on...The hobbit parts are overly theatrical and the dialogue is often just childish banter and doesnt really highlight the caring and emphatic nature of hobbits. Moving on, I didnt like that they killed off the ward watch, the actor was experienced and could have given some needed onscreen gravitas. Nice cliffhanger with Saurons appearance at the end though.5/10 from me.
Imagine when the waters devour the island later on, who is going to stick to this "the sea is always right" nonsense
That line where Elendil smirks and says “Home” gave me Vibes of Sean Bean as Boromir, one of my favorite characters so far !
My biggest positive from the show so far is the casting and set design. Both are fantastic, every actor is doing a fantastic job (so far Durin IV and Elendil are my favourite performances) while every location has been fantastically rendered and feels unique. I love the byzantine look of the numenorean dress and armour along the the greek feeling of the port they arrive in which seems to be a combination of Romenna and Armenelos. I would have loved to see them separate but connected in the way Rome and Ostia were but it is understandable that they were combined for simplicity of storytelling.
Oh and Arondir is badass too!!!
I love the sea/scales theme of the numenorian armor
Im sorry but the writing in this show is just cringe. Elendil talking to his son about the equivalent of taking a gap year is just not it. The pacing is off, and so far I’m yet to actually care about any of the characters- the most compelling character is Elendil. Galadriel has no other emotion other than intensity- 3 hrs in and I’m still left wanting more than 1 semi-likable character. Elrond and the dwarves are great so far and I’m looking forward to seeing more of elendil, but everything else is so incredibly bland.
Galadriel drags the whole show down.... She is atrocious. Alsoluetely embarrassing.
It's so sad witnessing a rape of The Professor's work like this show is perpetrating..
i dont get it are we in different timelines follwing galadriel and the other people sinds calebrimbor is still alive war of orcs and elfs did not happen yet we are at the and times of numenor ?
Arondir is growing on me
UNSUBSCRIBED! The face you love this show makes me realize your just a fanboy of the fan fiction fantasy tropes. the fact the show is so plastic and clean, the fact made up characters have more time then the ones actually written.
Episode One 1/5 Stars. Almost walked away half way through, Galadriel was so insufferable.  Episode Two 2/5 Stars. More boring then anything, Galadriel still insufferable. Episode Three 3/5 Stars. Numenor is interesting and Galadriel is slightly less insufferable.
The fact that you are narrating and giving background for this show to help it make sense...well, tells me enough about the show.  *sigh*
this show has in the true sense destroyed the whole LOTR legacy...had very high expectations but honestly they couldn't stand up to it
I love gore, but it felt like game of thrones with all the gore scenes, way more brutal than what we’ve previously seen in movies
I thought episode 3 (Adar) was the strongest of the episodes so far. Really enjoyed Numenor, Miriel, and Elendil. Excited to see where they go with Adar and Palantir in the next few episodes. This episode definitely improved upon the first two.
I am loving this show! We're almost to the halfway point and I am curious as to how they are going to move things along. So far, the narrative pace of the show has been slower than I was expecting. The Stranger story is moving the slowest which might mean we won't have an answer until the end of the season. We also might have a scenario where the final two or three episodes will be incredibly dense. Either way, it's amazing.
The general overall discourse between people in the show is poor. This narrator makes it much better than the actual show. I am enjoying watching reviews 10x better than the actual show.
We can all agree the Hobbits are the drag on the show.
The Stranger saying friend seems like a callback(call forward actually) to speak friend and enter.
That episode was so bad I had to stop watching half watch through. the whole tree cutting down thing and him crying over buddy he just met, like i can't
i dropped the show this episode. Can't really shake of the feeling i'm watching a high production quality parody. Halbrand kicking 4 people to the ground with his bare hands was so predictable it took my out of it
I have really loved the series so far, especially after having been worried to death by some of the trailers. I like the actors, for instance Elendil and Arondir fit the show like a glove (I like stoic characters). The orcs look great and Numenor was done tastefully. All in all, looking forward to the next episodes.  That being said, the armour materials and weapons still look horrid and fake, pretty much the Hobbit level. PJ had superior ones in LotR. I know 99,8% of the people won’t notice that though.
Elendil is really enjoyable to watch. Such a shame they completely rewrote the timeline. I can’t overlook the mixing of characters that were separated by almost 1500 years! The rings of power were forged in the year 1500. Barad-dur was finished in 1600. Not to mention Celebrimbor dies in 1697 and we just saw him last episode lol. Elendil wasn’t even born until 3119 and Isildur 3209.
I hope we see the construction of Barad-dûr in future seasons of the show
This episode was pretty but I felt like it was going nowhere fast. For me this one was super slow.
This show is amazing so far, not perfect but perfect enough to make me happy to have lotr content again, specially in such high quality and detail
poor arondir man
"at least it's better than Tauriel" should be a meme like "at least it's better than twilight"
I thought this third episode was better than the first two. I’m still not wowed by this series. It’s slow and some things seem very contrived. However I do like the character of elendil. I actually care about him and look forward to seeing his story arc progress. Galadriel seems so one dimensional, immature, and rash. I do not like her. She is kind of a jerk. I hate the harfoots. They are absolutely boring and seem like a cinematic version of a cock block. Just as the episode is starting to go somewhere and we are about to get a bit of action happening here come the harfoots to screw it up and ruin everything thing. Why are they here?  I hope things pick up soon. I wonder what they did with nearly 1 billion dollars they spent because this show doesn’t feel like they spent that amount.
Haha, the Ugly Sonic line was unexpected and awesome.
I vote witch king as well.
I don't know why so many people are bashing it. I'm liking it so far. It's beautifully done and the story has just started.
So annoyed by the Harfoot story.
Halbrand is 100% the witch king:  - Sharp politician (we seen that in the negotiation with Ar-pharazon) -Skilled fighter -Son of a king and successor -Ambitious -His dark side can take over him easily which will come to play next when he get tempted by Sauron to bare one of the nine rings. Unlike aragorn, he will fail and turn into wraith.
Sponsored by Audible?!?!?! lolololol
"But it doesn't go into Marvel quip territory"  Hey now! I like a lot of those Marvel quips! XD  But still, I am glad to keep seeing this analyses of the episodes that tackle the show with a fair hand. Also, since I know you and many others have been theorizing/predicting that Meteor Man is one of the Blue Wizards, I would challenge this idea for one reason: the Blue Wizards always travel together. Unless I am missing something, I cannot recall a single instance where we only see one of the two Blue Wizards without the other. So it seems unlikely to me that we would get just one of them here. I think it is more likely that it is either Gandalf, Radagast, or Saruman. I'd actually argue that second one makes the most sense given his brown hair, beard, and clothing.  As for Halbrand being Sauron or the Witch-King, I think he won't necessarily be either of them, but that he might throw in with Sauron. After all, many men chose to join Sauron besides the Nazgul, so I think Halbrand probably is an original character, just one who is corruptible. Not that I'd be against his becoming one of the Nazgul, but I'm open for either possibility.
I’m a bit annoyed about Galadriel’s characterisation. She’s so so angsty but then on one scene with a horse her switch flips, by a horse.
Your reviews have made this show seem more interesting to me than any of what Amazon put out in print or video. I'm still not sure I'll watch ( I hate to send money to Amazon) but it does seem better than I first thought.
Halbrand is clearly Grima Wormtongue.
The puppet theatre looked like political satire to me. Hapless Míriel hiding behind Galadriel to protect her from the scary bogeyman, which seemed to amuse the crowd. Míriel may not be very respected among the common folk in Númenor, and they assume that Galadriel is there on her behalf.
I'm a bit confused here. The rings of power are not forged yet and how are Miriel and Ar Pharazon already ruling Numenor? I mean Tar Miriel becomes queen of Numenor long after Annatar and Celebrimbor forge the rings and long after Sauron is forced back to Mordor by Elves and Dwarves because of demanding those three Elven rings. Did the showrunners mess up? Expecting experts to enlighten me here
Lots of drama in this episode, really enjoyed it. Really like the galadriel elendil moments  edit: orcs were 10/10, great design, loved the accents, and really respected the details on how they live/work
Well I do not dig the series for a dozen reasons at the same time it is interesting to see that there is good in the series that's what's so sad to me is that it's not 100% bad there is good here the money spent shows and there's some creative stuff like the mark of Sauron being Mordor since as I recall correctly he has not made Mordor his home yet. Still I'm sorry I'm just apprehensive I don't hate it but it's one of those where when you put Lord of the Rings on something as always going to be held to a higher standard and I figured that they have been a bit frivolous with many decisions that have been made.  I think probably the ultimate thing for me is having elves as POV characters I've had a couple of conversations with people on this but there's a reason why hobbits are the POV characters
trasholi
Honestly the hobbits I never cared for, be it Bilbo, Frodo, Sam, Nori and all the others…even in the books
I REALLY wanted to like this series. Funnily enough, it's not the story itself that bothers me, which I feared, but the look and feel of the series. And what I thought was maybe just teething problems in the first two episodes became blatantly obvious in this one - I liked it the least so far. On a positive note, I like Elendil and Númenor looks great for the most part. I also like Halbrand and find his story arc and the red herrings they're probably throwing us quite intriguing. But I have massive issues with the storytelling:  1. The acting is still rather wooden and choppy. Everybody is speaking like on a theatre stage, including the Harfoots. Over the top intonation, theatrical pauses, always a bit too loud. I was okay with this sort of diction with the elves, but everybody using this pseudo-antiquated speech is very tiring.  2. The costumes are TERRIBLE. So far, not a single one (maybe with the exception of the dwarves) looks good, let alone believable. The material looks cheap, the colours are odd (what's with the orange and blue colour-coded Númenorians? And why is everyone into shapeless tunics these days? Where's the layering? The embroidery? The elegance you would expect from both Elves and Númenorians?) and they don't function in the world we're seeing. Why does Halbrand look like he's escaped the sea monster 100 times over and Galadriel's nightgown has - at most - a stylish ombre-looking rim that MIGHT indicate dirt. I get it, elves are magic and aetherial, but surely that wouldn't extend to their clothes after surviving a mile-long swim, a storm, a sea-monster, a near-drowning...?  3. The same goes for a number of set designs. Especially the little Harfoot "village" often looks like stage props plonked down randomly and they scream "look how otherworldly this prop is", rather than creating actual set pieces that are usable. I'm thinking especially of the scene where Nori's cart falls behind. You can see that the other wagons all have this reed material on top to camouflage them - a really pretty shot when they are trotting through the same reed. But minutes later, they are in a completely different surrounding with a grassy (?) plane - so their camouflage would no longer work. But surely they don't redecorate their wagons every 20 minutes or so? This is what I loved about LotR so much - every prop, every costume served a purpose and it worked in any given circumstance. Here, we get pretty looks, but no practical ones.  4. Which brings me to storytelling. They still don't grasp the concept of "show, don't tell". Again, heavy exposition dumping in this episode and no real plot or character development. Instead we get these long speeches like at the Harfoot's or the rather odd conversation between Elendil and his daughter. In addition, just like the sets, the scenes don't always follow logic. Take the scene when Halbrand hands Galadriel her dagger. I like the idea as such - but WHY essentially in front of a hall full of hostile (to them) people? And where are the guards we saw a second earlier; while they just take 2 minutes to exchange AND posess a deadly weapon? It serves the plot, but it's not logical.  5. And yes, finally I have to admit that I tried to like Galadriel. I tried to convince myself that she's the Galadriel that just left Valinor, eager to rule, slightly hot-headed... But it's so in-your-face. She kills the snow troll while her male buddies are just standing around. She figures out the Mordor map thing while the male librarians, despite the map being RIGHT THERE, etc. couldn't... And all that while being very rude to everyone else. Don't get me wrong. She doesn't need to have Cate Blanchett's aura and refined speech yet. But she is the daughter of a royal house, an elf and a few thousand years old - she should know how to behave in court and be able to at least PRETEND to be diplomatic and not behave like a spoilt teenager. Most humans learn that in their late teens, I'm pretty sure Galadriel would've, too. I think she has an interesting story to tell, I just wish they would give her more than one dimension and maybe a bit of struggle every once in a while.  So yeah. I was really disappointed by this episode. I'm of course looking forward to the next ones, but boy, this was a bit of a letdown for me :(
Best episode yet awesome numenor, orcs, possible witch king/ halbrand, adar/annatar/sauron. Wargs loved it!!
What line would you have used instead of "The sea is always right"? To be honest, not even sure what it's supposed to mean.
I, David Vadnaf Fanai, now saw Numenor. The city we only used to have on our thoughts.
Isn't the faithful Numanorian arc like happening way too soon? Wasn't that after the rings? And Numanorians are 5 foot tall guys that get thier ass kicked by one guy. And orcs looks good... But are they freaking vampires? Just dig at night. I don't know why people are saying they liked this episode, this show is Getting painful to watch. It's deviating so far from the lore that I'm amazed you are so generous with your criticism, or lack there of.   Galadriel acts and gets treated like a child.   Also, gilgalad is supposed to be freaking awesome.  They butchered him
I'm pretty sure halbrands gonna get with galadriel.
I wasn't looking forward to the Harfoots, but after reflection, I get it. A driving successful element in the LOTR and The Hobbit was not only the magic, but the whimsy. The Harfoots provide that. Without them, it would feel like GoT or something for "adults". IMO every installment of anything based on LOTR needs that whimsical touch that reminds of us younger days and wide-eyed optimism.
I love tolkien's world, work, legacy and I do love Pj's movies, but Damn this episode 3.. I mean it's like I watched the witcher, completely strange to me
As disappointed as I was that we got no Elrond/Durin in this episode, I really loved Elendil. The other Numenoreans were fine, but I greatly enjoyed Elendil and his family.
Halbrand seems to be the king of the dead ! Which were cursed by Isildur and later fight for Aragorn in Return of the king !
Personally, I liked this episode a lot more than the previous two and Elendil was great. Correct me if I'm wrong, but if Numenor has turned from the Valar, wouldn't Sauron still be there? Also, my guess is that Halbrand will be a Ringwraith.
Isn't galadriel supposed to be married?
I have already fallen in love with Neomenor!  Mann the scale of production is absolutely insane!
Something about the "Adar" title. It's actually not weird to me at all that we get that as a title and don't see him until the end. This episode was about at least four fathers that I can count. Tar-Miriel's father, Elendil, Halbrand's father, and Adar. So it is actually a really apt title!
I really liked this episode and have got to say is probably my fav of the 3 so far. Numenor and the orcs all look amazing, really beautiful and grotesque with the combination of CGI and practical effects respectively. I am curious to see how the future of the show goes and what will happen next. My fav scenes of this episode I have got to say where the interactions between Elendil and Galadriel. 9/10 for me for this Ep.
I enjoyed 3. No, it's not perfect, but it feels good. I think the only thing I wish the series didn't do is compress time so much. Halbrand being Sauron would make sense if it wasn't I felt Annatar is driving Celebrimbor behind the scene. The timeline is all wrong I feel.
Like etf is Elendil doing in the season where there is still kelebrimbor…..   It’s  1 500 years apart….   Apart from the picture this show has nothing in it
oooo the orks and janky-eyed warg look so good  the Numenor sets look nice, too  fun series so far, I can't wait for more though it really annoys me that the show doesnt release until basically midnight, may as well say friday is the release day not thu
Elendil is Tom de Bomberdil19 in disguise 🤣
I'm hoping Halbarand will become the Witch King and has a love interest reminiscent of Eowyn and him remembering that love is why he pauses and ultimately dies by letting his reincarnated love sever his connection to Sauron.
Halbrand could absolutely be the Wraith King who failed to come to Elendil's aid during the Last Alliance
This version of Galadriel is insufferable. She's ungrateful, angry and the actress tries too hard to be angry with that stupid growl on her face. Overall, the show is boring more and more. Nothing of great note about this show so far.
I'd love Halbran as the Witch King. I hope all the allusions to his smithing aspirations are red herrings to make the audience think he's Sauron
I found this episode good except the harfoots I feel they just brought the story to a stand still during the episode
I'm enjoying it so far. Galadriel and Rorschach (😂) are my favorite. Just kind of slow, so idk how I feel about that yet.
At the end when we see Adar walking in, does he not have on Sauron’s gauntlets? However, I could see Halbrands comment about so much opportunity in Numenor being an clue as well. I do not believe meteor man is a Balrog, I think they are already “there” and in hiding. I also think Saroc knows more then he admits about the constellation and meteor man. Also, anyone able to translate the writings on it?
Galadriel and the crappy actress playing her and the Harfoots are ruining the show
I love your lore videos. I cannot help but find humor in how you’re are trying to make sense of this. It’s poorly written. If we’re at Ar Pharazon, then the ring is already forged. What is happening? This is just terrible continuity. Seriously.   These are the last of the Royal house of Numenor, the Ring was forged 1600s. This is trash. Anti-Tolkien.
The hate will eventually dissipate, and people will begin to realize that - ALTHOUGH lore is definitely being rearrange or butchered - this show is not horrible, but actually maybe good
So I think seeing Elendil in this episode really drove home how to think of this series: an alternate universe of Middle Earth.  If it were me making the story and I wanted end of second age characters in a story that is supposed to take place around 1,500-1,600SA, I would have just made the story last thousands of years, not crunched disparate story lines together.  I wouldn’t have made SA Galadriel act  and do deeds like FA and even pre-FA Galadriel.  I think I would have kept to the Tolkien established timeline but fleshed out non-canonical characters into the canonical timeline to tell the story that I wanted, à la most of the video game adaptations.  Accepting that this isn’t the choice that the writers/directors made, I can enjoy the show for what it is.  To me, the stronger elements are the well written and acted non-canonical characters, Arondir (Woodwatch in Sindaran) being the best so far, the visuals, and the faithful usage of the various elven languages.  I find myself pausing after hearing elvish then consulting my handy “Languages of Tolkien’s Middle Earth” by Ruth S. Noel to verify what is said and every time I’ve found the elvish to be accurate and make sense in the context.  All in all, I agree with the Nerd’s assessment: not as good as PJ’s LOTR but better than the mess that is the Hobbit trilogy that should have been one movie.
It was weird that I didn't get any evil vibes from Pharazon at all. Miriel seemed way more villainous than him for some reason...
Galadriel is the best character. She is so interesting and has so much depth. She is an incredibly smart, determined and strong female that can achieve anything, unlike the males.    🤭🤭🤭
It's sad we will not see the days when elves still sail to Numenor and share knowledge and story to each other.
This is a tough series to watch to be honest I really hope it picks up 👆
As a fan of lore, but not a LoTR expert, I live for your episode breakdowns. They help me connect the story to the lore and understand how it may differ without being negative. Thank you so much!
The orcs definitely Look amazing. The haarfoots do annoy me a bit in this Episode and I still hope the Stranger is an ancestor of Beorn, which I realise would only make sense because of the Body size, rather than his use of magic
I think these episodes were designed to confuse the F out of anyone that's read the books.
what if the old man with the harfoots is saruman ?
I think the shot of Galadriel riding the horse isn't cause she loves horses - I think it's a sign that she's a free spirit, who rejoices at the chance to feel free, for even a moment.
Pat HalbrAnatar the lord of rock. And gifts.
YES! Been waiting all day for this.
I wonder what your view is on how the Hobbits treat each other? I saw your movie on Hobbits and have read LOTR and watched the PJ movies. But have never considered the hobbits to be such devilish creatures as they appear in ROP and honestly shocked me a bit. Because I find them extremely unlikeable for that reason and wonder if Tolkien actually designed them like that in some of the material I haven't read?
Strongest episode so far of the show.  Numenor, fantastic.  The 'Southlands' transitioning into Mordor, fantastic.  Good music by Bear & company.  The opening fire atop the tower, definitely a nod to the Beacons of Gondor of the Third Age.  And yeah, Harfoots... what are they up to.  Will they eventually make their way to the Gladden Fields, drop off some Stoor Hobbits, and then make their way past the Misty Mountains...
Me and a friend were speculating about Halbrand and his theory was that possibly Halbrand could be Theo´s run away father and that Theo could turn out to be Khamul the Easterling before he becomes Khamul.
I think Halbrand was telling the truth when he said he stole the pendant off a dead man. He took it when he killed the kings successor, because he's actually Sauron. The puppet strings are a reference to Sauron puppetering Galadriel. That's why he saved her from drowning, so he could manipulate and use her to his ends. It's dumb, but there are just too many signs. He's very manipulative and seems very shady to me.
Graphics - excellent Elendil - very good Diversity attempts - very bad Storytelling - appaling Galadriel - a soft fragile flower figure pretending to be badass
I hope he's the witch king
I felt there were lots of callbacks to Merry & Pippin with Nori and Poppy, and honestly don't hate the hobbit storyline.  It's definitely not as interesting as the other threads, but I also don't feel like it is too forced either.
"My guess is that this just some folks puppeteering their fan fiction for the crowd."  And that folks is Amazon's "Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power" in a nutshell
You are by far the best Tolkien content on Youtube. Great work!
I am leaning towards Halbrand as either Witch King or one of the Nazgul. It would fit with the vision Gil-Galad references about Galadriel "bringing about the thing she is trying to stop" if she brings him to the south to rule, and he does only to ultimately become the witch king.
bye dude thats for giving awesome tolkien content
@25:50 "Okay I guess" yeah same feeling lol rip
Gotta say, the plotlines surrounding the made up characters are by FAR the most interesting parts of the show so far. The stuff around Galadriel/Elron/Gil-Galad bore me to tears. I'm all on team Arondir and Nori.  Also, the Orc designs are FANTASTIC.
"Ugly Sonic" got me!
If Adar means father, and the episode revolves around 3 different fathers, I'd say it's quite fitting.
I guess I was a bit disoriented when I saw Elendil. I thought the series took place a lot earlier in the second era. But after righting myself I really liked the episode. Especially the orcs.
I can't see Rings of Power as anything more than fanfic based on Tolkien Middle Earth. And as fanfic is pretty decent. Also, Halbrand, the men of many names and with love of smithing, hard carrying it for me.
If I was intrigued but a little unsure, by the first two episodes, episode 3 has secured my interest for the entire season, I think. I can see some of the story threads, and where they might be going, and I'm genuinely satisfied with the handling of the characters, and various settings. I think most of us know where things are going, so yes, now, I am eager to see how we get there.
I liked episodes 1 and 2 very much, but episode 3 is outstanding.  I loved it.   I want to live in Numenor.
There are a lot of wargs breeds, and they are not wolves, they are monsters. Also wargs raised by orcs have to be quite different than the wild ones, like wolves and dogs in here.
When my friends ask questions about what's going on in this series I refer them to your videos...I know I definitely have to watch your explanations of the episodes to really understand whats going on lol..still they are enjoyable and interesting..
3rd episode down and I still don't have any major complaints. Still thoroughly enjoying the show.
The Harfoots are my favourite part of ROP❤️ they have such a whimsical thing about them that I love
Loved this episode- strongest one by far, but what irked me the most (not slow mo horse rider Galadriel) was that they say Numenor wants nothing to do with the elves…yet they won’t let her leave. Why not kick her out? Give her a crappy boat and send her on her way? How is staying 3 more days more agreeable than sending her away immediately? I know there’s a little more going on behind the scenes from what the Queen says at the end, but their motivation doesn’t seem to make sense at all in this episode.
Is it Lord of the Rings?...No. Is it Tolkien? Not entirely. Is it absolutely, jaw-droppingly stunning...YES. You can't be a Tolkien fan and not have wondered what  Númenor looked like. They did it beautifully here.
To the COMMENT SECTION BATMAN :D   Its fine. Its all really well shot, and the more I watch it, the less I "hate" it. But 3 hours in, im not in love with any of the characters, least of all Galadriel, she  just rubs me the wrong way. But all in all, its fine.
The appearance of the Elves is disappointing, and i'm not talking about the fact one of them is black but rather the facial features and hair. The elves in Peter Jacksons movies were elegant and regal. The elves in these episodes look like they just walked off a set of Law and Order
Would it be sacrilege if I say I liked these Orcs more than those from the PJ Films? 🙈
Ok, getting much better. Really like how they are doing the Hobbits. The orc's are handled properly (and that couldn't be easy.)
An interesting thought: the crown worn by Tar- Miriel looks a bit like elf ears.
It’s not too late but this episode was hard to watch, I think they should’ve remembered that this is lord of the rings… not game of thrones   I got some intense GOT vibes from this episode, I can’t for the life of me remember any back to back scenes of just sitting and talking in the original LOTR trilogy, they were always doing something or discussing doing something… idk I feel the writers seem so uninspired and bland… still early in the show though!! There’s still time for it to be saved
While I like the actors involved, some of the dialogue in Numenor was very clunky. The orcs where amazing
big fan of Elendil and Númenor on this series. the orcs reminds me of the LOTR movies which it's great!! the only thing annoying so far are the "hobbits" storyline
Got to be honest, that was the last episode for me. I will probably come back when all episodes of this season have been released, so i can skip trough the episodes and look at the nice locations. But the writing just kills this show for me.
I agree with what you said at the end entirely. I love Elendil and the landscape and story unfolding on Numenor. I'm also intrigued by Arondir and the orcs. The Hobbit stuff is becoming jarring and annoying to me. Overall, I would give the episode a 7 or 8.
I think the Stranger might be a Balrog.. Sauron has yet te be seen and I don't think he will start in Mordor (the southlands). It explains the strange language he speaks because Balrog don't know common tongue, only old language because they are Maiar. He freaking absorbs fire. Ontop of that he is seeking the regroup 'sigil' location the same as the orcs are. Damn he killed fireflies because of it
Assuming that the timeline of events remains fairly compressed, Halbrand COULD be the king/leader of the Dead (Paths of the dead). Where he unites his kingdom, but turns away and refuses to fight in the last alliance causing Elendil to curse him.
i think the hardfoot portion of the episode is the worst thing of this series. other than that not bad at all.
I’ve been watching your RoP commentary for a while, and my thoughts on this episode are very similar to yours! Elendil is going to be great, the one to watch out of all the main characters. Numenor looks amazing and is going to be very interesting. And lastly, every time the harfoots show up the story just screeches to a halt for me. Until we learn how they’re going to connect to the main storyline they are just going to feel like a distraction to me.
This episode was about a 1,000 times better than the first two. Absolutely loved it
Hoping Adar is the Mouth of Sauron.
I do not understand the timeline, I think they are going to sink the forge of rings, the rise of Sauron and the fall of numenor in the same time, but do not know if this things are going to unravel in like a few years or in hundreds.
17:00  Those two characters on his chestplate, who are they supposed to depict? Is it Varda and Manwe? Earendil and Elwing? Uinen and Osse???
Being Honest, the shots were fantastic specially the music. I kind waiting for your review much as the episodes.
I also believe that Halbrand will attempt to redeem his kingdom & bloodline. Perhaps he will receive a great gift of power from a friendly gift-giver.  However he will ultimately fail & end up falling to the dark, probably due to the corruption of the power he was gifted.
If Halbrand is a king of men, I'm thinking he will receive one of the 9 when the time comes.
Amazon YouTube site. You were paying praise to first two episodes. How much people can you pay Amazon. This will definitely gona be the most expensive marketing ever
Idk personally this episode was a meh for me.  I’m slightly disappointed with the numenorian atmosphere, I liked Pharazon Elendil and Miriel… but for some reason the other shots (not city shots) but with numenorians extras it felt too theatrical and not immersive.  I liked the Arondir orc plot, but I don’t like the Adar cliffhanger :/  Harfoots were okay, actually better than I expected, but I missed eregion and Khazadum.  Some shots were also iffy (Galadriel horse riding)  In the end, it was okay for me, but not too great.  I think the numenorians costumes could use some work (my personal favorite in the series’s are dwarves they like absolutely badass)  This is just my opinion, personally this was a 6/10 episode for me.  But this is just my personal opinion!     (Ps  my biggest gripe is that numenorians look too ordinary for numenorians, they could like southland commoners).   Let me know if you agree or disagree with me!  I am most excited to see some Sauron action hopefully soon
This show is wierd. It could of been great but for me it's very mediocre. I think it suffers from poor writing poor casting poor direction and poor editing. All the sets visuals music work for me it's just not very entertaining and I hope it gets better as the seasons progress
Numenor is the most interesting part of the show imo
This episode gave me joy. I was so into it but thought they either needed a big reveal or big action sequence at the end for it to be perfect… and they did! So I’m a big fan of the episode. Loved Numenor and Isildur!
it was said during the episode the orcs are looking for something, it might be the strange blade found earlier
Galadriel is definetley my favourite character so far and think her acting is impeccable.... Her eyes never show tells outside of the character she is playing and that's incredibly rare on screen.
I really enjoyed this episode a lot actually
For me the less Galadriel, the better the show. 😕
I think you are right about the witch king of angmar. if you ever played the 1st 50 lvls of LOTRO game. the only dark place in the game was angmar. the rest was green fields. so it's only right they would start the story at the begining.
Love this 👍🔥
I think the show has a tone that is too light. While I don’t think it needs blood and gore, there is a Disney like quality to the way it is shot. I wish it had a more serious tone than it currently does.
I loved this episode, Matt... Episode 1 = 3 Episode 2 = 4 Episode 3 = 6.5  It just keeps getting better each week. Numenor is magnificent!!👍👍
Thanks for adding the bit about Halbrand & Marvel. It was nice to include it in the breakdown.
can we strike "The Sea is Always Right"? such cringe. NOTR, This is the only place to get an insightful review. I appreciate you.
"Given the Boromir treatment" may he rest in peace the beautiful man
liking the show but man i cant help but roll my eyes and check my phone when the harfoots are on screen
I think the Ring Of Barahir should also featured in this series.
I am really enjoying this show. I know there is a lot of people that don't but i think its really good so far and the scenic shots are amazing
--Seeing Constantinople ahem excuse me Numenor for the first time was magnificent. --I was very, VERY happy to hear Galadriel explicitly say she was of the House of Finarfin, Anarion's existence confirmed, that it definitely doesn't look like there's anything romantic between Galadriel and Halbrand, seeing Galadriel smile as she rode, and hearing so much of the lore of Elros and the founding of Numenor. --I don't actually have a problem with Galadriel being a little b%&*#@y in the throne room. I think she wouldn't have been unreasonable to expect that somebody from so important a family of the Noldor would have been treated with a little more courtesy than snide comments from Pharazon. Notably she is fairly civil until he mocks her, and later is a lot more chill when Elendil   is nice to her. --Between his honeyed flattery and mad skills in hand-to-hand combat and smithing, I'm starting to get...suspicious about Halbrand. --That scene with the orcs giving a water ration to Arondir and friends was every bit as harrowing as the kitchen fight from E2.
How much did Amazon pay to you @Nerd of the Rings?
Halbrand is Sauron! The  Real Halbrand is dead and thats why the backstory is real. This is the only way to introduce Sauron. When Halbrand arrives to Mordor there will be a plot twist and Sauron will reveal himself and kill an important character. SUBSCRIBE FOR FRODO !
i really hope we will get to see the numenorians building melkor temples where human sacrifises happens
It is getting more beautiful each episode!
Finally thank  you Bro your reviews r priceless
Protect Arondir at all cost.
Who the fuc. Is Adar??
Galadriel: Why do you fear the past? You are Haldad's heir, not Haldad himself. You are not bound to his fate.   Halbrand: The same blood flows in my veins, the same weakness.  Galadriel: Your time will come, you will face the same evil and you will defeat it.  Halbrand: 😈
Halbrand’s name backwards is “Witch King”
Seems like they’ve hired half the cast from Spartacus for this show lol
so far,  i actually really like Disa's portrayal (even though it's not faithful to Tolkien written appendices) and the music score, but that's about it. Does no one else recognize the glaringly horrible screenplay?? I guess Amazon doesn't realize that for a show this big and epic, you need to have More than 1 likeable character that the audience identifies with.  Otherwise, it's just a waste of time at that point. That slo-mo shot of Galadriel riding a horse - the Cringe was strong on that one.
I liked the Harfoots.  Explains why when they settled they settled.  Also their intolerance for adventures...as in no one goes alone...
10:16 gladiator vibes ( MY NAME IS MAXIMUS DECIMUS MERIDIUS, COMMANDER OF THE ARMIES OF THE NORTH, GENERAL OF THE FELIX LEGIONS, LOYAL SERVANT TO THE TRUE EMPEROR, MARCUS AURELIUS. FATHER TO A MURDERED SON, HUSBAND TO A MURDERED WIFE. AND I WILL HAVE MY VENGEANCE, IN THIS LIFE OR THE NEXT.)
Could Halbrand be the leader of the future army of the dead ?
The Elves are black & the Orcs are pale white 🥴😂
Those green/yellowish columns of smoke could be just sulfur boilers, probably foreshadowing the rise of Mount Doom
she even dont look like a elf when you dont see her ears, she looks like ordinary woman.
I absolutely loved this episode. I agree the Harfoots got a bit in the way but I don't dislike them as much as I thought I was going to. They really are lovely and lots of folks seem to like them. Can't wait for next weeks episode! Love your thoughts and weekly breakdowns!
"I don't know half of you half as well as I should like, and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve"   -The Showrunners of ROP to the fans
So warg started with chain in "orcs" side and after one scene chain was on elves side? Is it bad editing or I didn't get something?
The orcs are incredible in this episode!! Proper scary and threatening. Reminiscent of the orcs in the fellowship of the ring
I'm loving the series so far! I'm a fan of all Middle Earth renditions (Peter Jackson's, Fans films, Amazon, all of it)!
Loved it.
The "Queen" not knowing Elendil makes NO sense..
Numenorians were from 7 to 8 feet tall. Elendil was 7'11
I think Halbrand will be one of the Nine since he is apparently a king of men. Like Matt mentioned, he may have the intention to do good, but once he is given a ring his soul is doomed.
The Sea is always Right is a very simple chant but I like what it implies.  I suspect it will be a bigger part of the Numenor decisions
The biggest problem I have for the moment is Galadriel and her whole story... I mean, she's so singleminded, rude and condesending to everyone she meets,... Episode 2 reminded me of Pirates of the Carribean with her sea-shenanigans, and this episode was just weird that they say 'you'll stay in the palace', just for her to leave 3 minutes later.  The sceneries are beautiful, the acting is ok, and the other story lines have some promise, but this protagonist is just so unlikable.... Which is a shame.. I read somewhere the elves don't differ that much from humans in this show, and I must say I kind of understand this. Still, this was the best episode of the 3 for me, so I'm curious what' about to come. Another annoyance is the endless cliffhangers they present, for no reason. The action at least was less ridiculous than I feared :D
first episode I REALLY enjoyed.
Love your videos! Your positivity always comes through and is especially nice considering how protective people apparently can get about the show
As I suspected, Amazon should have released 3 episodes not 2. They shot themselves in the foot with the premier. This episode has me hooked and excited.
Adar has to be Sauron in fair form right
You never commented about the fidget spinner on the queens crest!
I wish we had some elrond and durin in the episode. Hope they pick back up in ep 4
It’s not good when I’d rather watch your review of the episode then then actually show itself
The Harfoots most specifically Sadoc are hilarious. I also loved the bits in Númenor.
Elendil and Isildur are both magnetic actors, perfect casting I think. I was very very sensitive with that first episode and Galadriel, but this third episode has ensured my interest til the end of the season.
Iove the background music in your videos💜can i know what is it?🥺
Those wargs looked so strange 😅
I really enjoyed episode 3. Numenor looked amazing, Elendil made a great impression and I like the orcs design. Thanks for the breakdown!
First Khaza-Dum and now Numenor. The worlds in this show are breathtaking. The CGI is top notch. The costume designs are really great too. They give you Atlantis vibes.
the numenor theme song is beautiful and majestic yet sadness is there inside. showing an impending doom
My opinion changed considerably from the third episode. I realised my problem, galadriel. She is the only downside of this series for me. Whenever she's not making dialogue it's pretty watchable and good. Episode 3 really makes up for the damages caused by ep 1.
Visuals are stunning but the writing and story as told in this series are just not working for me. I will continue to give this show a chance but so far its just okay.
I absolutely love the visuals of this show. I think Elendil is great and the orcs are very well done.
They can never get the orcs right(imo). They should have an "evil look" but they shouldn't look like monsters. I seem them as a scary version of old Khorloogiin Choibalsan(broader mouth and flatter nose, a bit more eye brow..etc)
I enjoyed the scenes in the south lands, didn’t mind the scenes with the harfoot migration, but I personally loathed the scenes in Numenor. It was visually stunning, but it was overpolitical and silly. Galadriel hopping around the roof when she was supposed to be kept in the palace area. Her completely immature and argumentative attitude in the presence of the queen. And the biggest eye roller of all was when her companion shook hands with the naval officer in the middle of the hall and stole her dagger out of his belt in front of everyone without him noticing. And later, he never seems to notice it’s gone. Even when he is handed a blade to watch over her by the queen. Even when he lays his eyes on Galadriel later. That’s too silly, it’s too careless. Minor to some, but poor story telling in the end. She could have won it back through trust. Which they have already established by the end of episode 3. But no, this dude who happens to be king of the south lands (oh yes of course), had to have something to make him likable and related to Galadriel in some way.
I really liked this episode, I no longer really care about the whole PoC being a thing, show's great at transporting us and the made their homework well
Don't forget children, this video is SPONSORED BY AMAZON (who owns Audible).  Like Amazon's review process, be careful what you take away from this guy.  Any which way you cut it, he is a conflict of interest now.  I like you man, but distasteful indeed.
Galadriel has such a hard "r". SauRRRRRRon. MoRRRRdoRRRR.
In this house we respect Jed Brophy
I kind of wish Simon Merells (Watch Warden) played celebrimbor instead of Charles Edwards. Maybe I’m just stuck on the shadow of Mordor version of celebrimbor and think he should be a little more intimidating and a turn rather than the super happy scientist looking fellow that they have now.
I missed Durin, Disa and Elrond 😂
isildor alive before the rings were forged on the series, what is going on? that was like 1500 years apart
this is just bad fan fiction at this point, it's not even good ..seen better 30 min videos made by fans in the Middle-Earth setting
any chance this could be split timelines?
I've a theory.....I think that Arondir and Halbrand storyline are not happening simultaneously...I still believe Halbrand is sauron...I think that his story in the show is happening weeks or months after Arondir's...and as for the Tunnels...I think its a part of some form of Teraforming
Absolute woke Hollywood trash that destroyed starwars etc. Horrid production quality . How can you not wince at the failure of this garbage?
LETS GO
So nice to hear a review that isn't people aregueing the toss over source material they didn't know existed until a few months ago as a disguise for some dumb politics.
I think people just have to remember they did not pay for or commission this show to be made. A nearly trillion dollar company paid for the intellectual property. They enlist artists,writers,actors and filmmakers to adapt the material with as much mass appeal as possible to get a return on said investment. No matter the motive, when you transfer written works into a visual medium it is going to be different. There are going to be changes. No big deal. We have all known this since we became adults this nothing new.
Seems the show is getting better and better
https://youtube.com/channel/UCYD8DtXGiA-ZiHctKRdQUbw
this thing has turned into star trek discovery! it's not about wise people solving problem like with diplomacy, it's about angry people solving problem with violence!
“The sea is always right,” is just this show’s version of “what is deadly may never die.”
The Arondir plotline just keeps getting better! I've read many comments expressing dislike about the design of the warg, but I actually like the approach the writers decided to take here, as it really shows a creature in pain, twisted by the will of Sauron
Numenor looked amazing. Great start so far!
Really missed Khazad-dum and Eregion in this episode.....hope to see more of these in the upcoming ones
So refreshing to watch a fan site that isn't hating on this show.  I love it.
The character description for Earien on Prime says that "Her convictions may lie at odds with everyone else in her family".....Is she gonna end up being one of the King's folks in a family of the Faithful.....wonder where that would lead to
Best episode so far ☺️
OOO boy! I've been waiting for this video all day! Episode 3 is the best episode so far for me & can't wait to get the deep dive from this video!
Regardless of the issues this show has been criticised for surrounding canon, I find the writing and subsequent portrayal of those words by the actors involved to be no more than subaverage for a show this expansive, and this expensive. That to me is simply inexcusable! Three episodes in, and I feel no connection for any one character whatsoever, and somewhat surprisingly, come next week we will be half way through the season with very little in regards to plot direction. Not to mention the shows predictability, which has also been noted by the casual viewer whose only reference points to Tolkien’s work come from Peter Jackson’s film trilogy. Any hope I had for this show is quickly diminishing on numerous fronts, and I find it astounding that those don’t necessarily relate to canon, but to the simple fact that this is a poorly written, albeit beautifully shot show.
release the chihuaha warg
Again really liked this episode. Numenor and the orcs all look great and really beautiful and grotesque respectively. Curious to see how the future of the show goes and I know some people are worried about the timeline but if we say Isilduir is about 20 years old, he lived to be 234 dying in TA 2. so we have about 200 years to see until the Battle of the Last Alliance.  I dont really have any theories about things as I dont really make any but im still really liking it.
nothing more secret than digging a tunnel that's not really a tunnel because it has a roof which makes it a ditch. i struggle to find a single second of this show that isn't marred by stupidity as far as story, plot or dialogue. this is what a billion dollar dumpster fire looks like.
I think whatever we feel we know about the second age will not match up with the show we are watching but this is fine.
Nerd sold out big time, weird that getting flown out to watch the premiere is more important to him than Tolkien's work
I think that we can all agree that Elendil is the best character in this show so far. Looking forward to see more of him.
I was surprised at the graphic violence they decided to portray. Didn’t much care for that. For me, it was jarring to what otherwise would have felt like a good story. 🤷🏻‍♂️
Liked the orcs and scene where they mentioned Elros best. Good warg scene.
You are by far the best LOTR chanel!
🤮
Been waiting on YOUR review! Always worth the wait!!
I love Elendil. He is played well.
I honestly can't believe how bad this is, worse than my worst fears.  😔
Really liked this one. The show's going to be worth watching just for Númenor, Khazad Dum and the orcs :D
My favorite episode so far
This series is a missed opportunity.  What I thought they should show:  a) Sauron as a Promethean figure impacting the peoples, beliefs and cultures of prehistoric men, in a religious engineering;  b) Galadriel reflecting on her role and moving towards the philosopher-queen archetype;  c) Show Harad and Rhûn an inspiration (as Tolkien said in 1966) from the myths and histories of Africa and Asia.  d) I would have shown Ar-pharazôn in a scene similar to the opening of the movie Gladiator. How a general thought that to rule is to conquer and became easy prey of Sauron.
Show is absolute trash. Good effort to make us think otherwise! I guess!
Me : ah the title is called Adar ! time to finally see him in action  Show : best i can do is  give you a blurry image and make you wait a week
I am proud of you guys for staying awake this whole episode
So wargs are Chupacabra / Chihuahua mutants - those eyes definitely give the Eye of Sauron a run for its money haha!!
I know so much more lore going into this series just from being a subscriber to your channel. Thanks for all you do man!
loved this episode. is halbrand Sauron? is the meteor man gandalf? good stuff
It was great episode and it’s getting better.
I just can’t watch it, it’s disgracefully woke!!! JRR Tolkien must be rolling over in his grave 😞
I'm so excited to watch the rest of this show
woow cool thanks
first / ratio / bozo
Loved this episode.
This video is sponsored by Audible. Alexa customers can listen to The Lord of the Rings: Fellowship of the Ring audiobook on Alexa, free for 60 days (8/15 to 10/13)! Just say, “Alexa, read The Fellowship of The Ring…” Audible is your go-to for Lord of the Rings: Book 1, now available FREE on Alexa through 10/13. Offer only available in the U.S. and Canada.  *Sponsors do not have any input whatsoever regarding topics or content of videos*
