What do you think Bonnie's eyes deactivating lore-wise means? A freed spirit? What's up with the floor sign bots and the tormented screaming associated with them?
i saw on google that glamrock bonnie hidden inside of his room and than monty has killed him
bonnie is actally killed
Bruh I rlly wanted to see him in the dlc maybe. Kinda like Gregory and Freddy he helps us go through the game and in the end he sacrifices himself like a hero kinda like how Roxy did it at the end of the dlc when she fought the mimic and I know Roxy didn’t die.
No one's gonna talk about the kids drawings in a near room? It feels like  bonnie does the same thing like glomrock freddy were they keep the child safe when they accidentally trap in the mall during closing time but this time bonnie failed to save the child.
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
To be honest I don't think it was Monty or Roxy who attacked Bonnie. Bonnie was last seen going to Monty Golf indeed but look how far Monty Golf and Bonnie Bowl are, there are two floors separating them. Like, could Monty destroy Bonnie at Monty Golf and then bring him back to Bonnie Bowl and hide him ? No, it's not consistent at all. I tbink the one who attacked Bonnie was the Mimic, in the elevator curscene, Mimic literally breaks a metal bar to try to catch Cassie meaning how powerful he is. I'd say Mimic would be the one who attacked Bonnie.
Faz fact: When you slide down the vent behind the freddy poster, you can hear him sing "har har har har har har"
Theory: When We Find Bonnie As You Can See We Can See Scratch Mark's And None Of The Glamrock's Have Claws Except For Montgomery Gator So Monty Actually Killed Glamrock Bonnie Cause He Was Jealous Of Glamrock Bonnie's Guitar So As We Get The New's In The Fazwatch We Can See Something About Glamrock Bonnie Saying Bonnie Entered Monty Golf And That's How Bonnie Died To Monty And All Tho This Theory Might Not Be True I'm 100% Sure It's Montgomery Gator / Monty Cause Remember We See Scratch Mark's
about time he was found
now we just need to find glamrock foxy
rip bonnie ihes my favorite
The only thing we need to figure out is what happened to foxy.
It was Monty that did it.
Monty was controlled by vanny to kill bonnie so she could fix William/BurnTrap.
This actually reminds me of the staff bots surrounding the single broken staff bot on the floor in the main game P:
bonnie should've paid attention to those signs bruh, then he wouldn't have tripped and died, smh...
It's pretty heavily implied that Monty was the one to murder Bonnie. But what I find interesting, is that in the cutscene where Monty dies, the item to electrocute him in the water is a broken _neon Bonnie sign_ Revenge/karma, even if post-mortem, is still sweet they say
I know what killed Barney was Monty
Monty did it reson you Can find a incident report
Chicas white Freddy's Orange Bonnie is blue and Foxy has been changed entirely
I find it odd that Bonnie's body would still be left out. From what it sounded like in the first game, bonnie wasn't a recent death and it is implied to have happened in Monty Golf so why is bonnie back in bonnie bowl and why wasn't his body moved before the beginning of the base game?
The floor bots have children screaming, therefore it could be possible those kids saw Bonnie be destroyed on stage
In Security breach doesn’t it say that Monty was the last one seen with him..
I'm surprise there's no Foxy, Ballora, or circus baby.
I have a question... Can you find him in Brown bowling in the original versoin?
Bonnie died by monty ofc but as you can see his eyes are yellow and you need to turn off all of the wet floor signs bc bonnie can see from all of them and when you deactivate all of them also the ones around bonnie his eyes turn back to normal bc all the things are gone he has to place to spy and look with the wet floor signs.
Monty killed bonnie
❤😭
You after the activate the red floor signs and then he will turn off the lights then he can rush and peace
Theory: When you see his body behind bonny bowl. You will see a cracked bowling ball above bonnie's head. So for me what happened here is Glamrock bonny was searching or wandering bonnie bowl, im pretty sure that monty threw or smashed a bowling ball on his head. idk how the wet floor sign robots got there.
Markiplier rn:🤬🤬🤬🤬
If you deactivate all the wet floor signs you can get in I'm pretty sure
Poor Mark was right!
I don’t think it was Monty who destroyed Bonnie. As we see in the gator golf ride, Monty actually admired Bonnie. Monty also didn’t have claws until he was upgraded to replace Bonnie, so how could he have ripped him apart?  Bonnie’s damage looks way closer to what the staff bots did to Freddy’s body so I think we have the culprits there. I think Vanny had the staffbots rip Bonnie apart because Bonnie was the first animatronic to help a child escape Vanny. As we see in both Freddy’s, Roxy’s, and Eclipse’s default programming they try to help and protect children. Considering Bonnie is very close with Freddy, we can assume that he would most likely be very similar. I think the reason Bonnie was last seen in Gator Golf wasn’t because he was attacked by Monty. I think it was because Bonnie was escorting a child to the security room to hide from Vanny.
You have to deactivate all the wet floor signs and then there appears another floor sign right beside the door that leads to Bonnie. If you deactivate that one the door opens and Bonnie even says something.
PLS DO GLAM ROCK FOXY I MISS HIM
How do i get in there????
Huh. Maybe those are the eyes you get for Roxie? So you give chica a voice box back, the alligator his legs, and Roxie her eyes. Maybe it will unlock something else?  Wonder if they are working on an update with stuff like that.
as you can see the scratches on bonnies torso it looked like scars from gator which means gator was jealous of bonnie then finished him to take his place....
Then who is the broken old one at the end saying im gregory
you can literally tell how he got murdered. There’s broken bits of a bowling ball around his head, he literally had a bowling ball smashed on his head
I hate you Monty! 😭
The floor bots are there bc it’s a bad scene and the floor bots are literally caution signs let’s say u dropped a puddle of faz juice then the caution bots will be there and a robot employee will too
If you look there is a correct bowling ball Monty smack him around the head with a bowling ball😢
You acually where corrsct
My theory is that the slippery sign robots or caution robots is either keeping him alive or trapping him inside while alive and the caution robots is actually evil and trying to trap bonnie but once yiu deactivate them bonnie is once free or you killed him
The weirdest part is how far eat entertainment doesn’t repair him for the bowling area I mean it’s wierd not all characters are there
How was the other alive but Bonnie is dead….
I know this story Monty was jealous so he grabbed a bowling ball smashed it on bonnie Face push his face on the wall And then Bonnie put all his power into the Cleaner bots So they could find him But he died Who agrees with me
Bonnie was my favirote character since Fnaf 1 cam out they killed my boy :(
it is has been said around ones video that the gash in bonnies chest suggests the monty had some possible hand in bonnies demise/entrapment there. the terrified screaming voices seem to say to me that freddy was not the only one whom knew what happened to bonnie, but that others perhaps saw what happened and perhaps a few of them might have been trapped in those living wet floor signs. part of me is also wondering if those signs were acting as a sort of life support for the soul within bonnie. all of this of course could be wrong, but seeing it and hearing your description feel like that way to me.
Roxy killed bonnie  She's the one who seems most prone to outbursts of anger her nails are green Yes montys fingers are green but  Monty wouldn't slash at bonnie he would punch. Bonnie has slash marks on his chest. Monty didn't kill bonnie to be a band member because he seems content with being a 🏌 golfer I think the reason he acts the was he does is because thats how bonnie acted. So monty acted the same. So  Vanny probably got to frame monty but made roxy do it and moved the body.  Oh and i belive the reason monty breakes  stuff outside of his room is cuz hes looking for bonnie. And the reason he was destroying it is because it must've been recently
Get all Bonnie Collectables... Find Ruined bonnie... get to the end... Mimic´s wearing Glam Bonnie Costume
U can found bonnie's destroyed body without doing any glitch
You can get there by deactivating all the wet floor bots in AR mode I think
This confirmation that Monty destroyed Bonnie is even sadder after Ruin showed us Monty's backstory in that one ride, where he idolized the group and Bonnie passed on his guitar to him. It could just be marketing by the Pizzaplex I guess, but it's sad to think Bonnie liked Monty and willingly let him succeed him only for Monty to get too jealous and destroy him :(
The four cleaning bots reminds me of fhe souls of freddy ,foxy,chica and bonny
Monty💀
Huh, he's not even in bad shape. He's more salvagable than Monty or even Chica
bonnie was killed buy monet
Liking the Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door music.
Supposedly, this is what happens when you deactivate all the wet floor signs (you can deactivate them with the mask on) a door will open leading to bonnie
You’re supposed to do something and then it opens a special door and that’s what leads to that
When you turn off those wet floor bots that’s what the game rabbit is for the one you saw in your for mascot video thingy, the four hidden mascots
yeah you have to deactivate all the signs
From what I can deduce of what I've seen at Bonnie's corpse scene , is that someone lured Bonnie to the area, smashed a bowling ball into his head causing him to slam his head in the wall(there's a huge oil/grease stain on the wall at Bonnie's feet) then Monty came up to him willingly or not and while standing over his head clawed out his motor/battery, take another look at the gash on Bonnie's chest the claw marks start on the lower portion then eventually grow to a chunk having been ripped out, this would only happen if Monty was standing over Bonnie's head while doing it and not in front of or at Bonnie's feet if he had then the claw marks would start at Bonnie's left shoulder and not his right hip as they actually do
I missed the Helpy Plush. After I wanted to go back to Bonnie, I saw the wall was back again. Does anyone know how I can revisit the room now?
I feel like blaming Monty is too easy... Nobody ever brings up how Vanessa literally threatened Freddy at one point, Vanny (whether you see her as Vanessa or not) has been messing around with the PizzaPlex for a while now, and that's not even bringing up peepaw Afton still lurking, and most definitely messing with the Glamrocks' heads.  He's known for using rabbit costumes to hide his crimes, after all. Perhaps he saw Bonnie as a good enough "suit" to go right back to his shenanigans. Maybe the rabbit defied him, maybe the programming prevented him from full control, so he took out his frustrations on the poor robot. Perhaps using an alligator that would be quite easy to blame, given his aggression, if his crimes were ever found out in the first place. Possessing him, getting his hands dirty, covering it up, and going back to the shadows to scheme.  Or, perhaps, just to make it hurt, the "puppet" would have been a closer friend. Monty isn't the only one with claws, after all. Poor Freddy never would have known.
if CoryxKenshin saw this he would go crazy
What if gregorie was able to rapair bonnie and try to use him against the animatronics with freddie
Fake
I think it looks more like a crime scene.
Okay
I feel like a part of this people overlook is the broken bowling ball by bonnies head, which I think paints it perfectly as to what happened. Bonnie likely was lured back there and smashed over the head with one of the Bowling Balls, then while damaged and dazed got absolutely ripped apart by Monty.
My theory on him seeing through the wet floor bots. So yk how every animatronic except freddy has a feature? I feel like Bonnie had a feature to "hack" and see through the eyes of other bots. It would only make sense and as far as the crying goes. I have no idea. Maybe Bonnie's seen things no one else has. And it mimics through these bots as a memory. Also it looks like a broken bowling ball. Bonnie has a hole in his face. I'm sure his face was smashed with a bowling ball. And his chest. Claw marks. Only one animatronic had claws, that being Monty. Also me and my buddy had many questions on why Monty destroyed Bonnie.  Jealousy is one. However this dlc proves that Monty was always a thing just not a show member. Monty had his first catwalk accident. My theory is. It fried him and altered his personality. He went for Bonnie.  Succeeded. In the Monty golf mini game. We seen he was aiming for freddy next. I guess he wanted to be the only one   Another thing on bonnie. I believe he was mimicking those cries. To call for help
It didn't looked like that Bonnie was crushed or ether has been ruined, but actually attacked.  I can see claw marks in his chest and his limbs severely detached from his main Bonnie, so ether he was attacked by the other glamrocks.  Claw marks could lead to the culprit on who did it but I'm not sure.  Of course wome people saw it would be obvious that its Monty, but i noticed that there are other glamrocks also have claws that could match the damage too.  Like Freddy, but i dont think it would be him, though he is a good friend of Bonnie.  Monty, the higher suspect because Bonnie was last seen on Monty Golf.  And Roxy, i don't know for sure..  But lets just say that the suspect or culprit here is Monty, but I'm not sure if he did it on purpose or when being controlled by the virus from last Security Breach.
*I Can’t Fix You…*
I really hope there’s more to this story. Like if it’s at all possible to revive Bonnie or if Cassie and Roxy manage to defeat the thing at the end and escape together that I’m not going to specify because spoilers.  Or perhaps Gregory returns with Freddy to work with Cassie and save the other animatronics.
You get access to it by deactivating all of them
I think Bonnie could have been killed by the Monty Mystery Mix since it is mentioned in the logs in Fnaf SB that someone had put it in the ice cream which the mix causes things to go haywire.
Monty killed Glamrock Bonnie. He hated Bonnie. The claw marks are from Monty.
Monty killed bonnie
I gotta say there seems to be a parallel between freeing the souls of the children in fnaf 3 and deactivating the floor bots in ruin because in both instances doing so turns the lights off of the animatronics eyes
If you deactivate all wet floor bots it unlocks the room.
I'd say it was the bowling ball that was split near his head, it wanted revenge for all the strikes Bonnie bowled so it got a spare on him
2:02 back in security breach , there is a message where it says "bonnie is seen leaving monty golf" so maybe monty?
Monty killed Bonnie to take his place (he was jealous), that’s why there’s scratches on his chest, if you deactivate all the wet floor sigh bots you can get in here, and the wet floor sight bots will fully surround him if you have them all deactivated. I’m sorry, I don’t know the lore behind it but I do know this :)
I think the four wet floor sign represents the originals
For those who wanna know the regular way to go to bonnie you have to deactivate every single web floor sign after you get the vanny mask once you do this another one will appear in bonnies bowling. Deactivate it too and you unlock the area
So that foot burntrap is using isnt bonnies after all
I still can't believe we get to see the real bonnie! Thanks so much for this video!
Bonnie has scratch marks on his chest, with green paint around it.
wait so its impossible in the game?
I remember deactivating the wet floor bots 2 the point they wouldn't look at me anymore when I get close lol
Bonnie has a connection with the wet floor bots? I bet no one saw that coming.
I guess, you could say...     Bonnie got *striked*
Very long analysis on Bonnie’s cause of death/culprit TLDR: Vanny probably did it. The last seen message is fake, Bonnie’s curtain leads to Vanny’s room and Bonnie’s bowling ball is broken: meaning he did die in Bonnie bowl… plus guy looks like he was struck on the head or fell.   The bowling ball is a huge piece of evidence. One piece is above his head, plus his head is angled like it was just struck. Bonnie is lying on a pile of rubble like the floor collapsed and he fell. The bowling ball is in pieces implying it either stuck Bonnie and broke, or fell with him. The ball is above the rubble so it wasn’t there before the fall. Importantly, this means Bonnie was either broken with a bowling ball or was holding one. I don’t think he’d take a bowling ball to Monty golf, plus he’s not broken in Monty golf, but Bonnie bowl. That Bonnie was last seen message is wrong. The scratch mark on his chest only damaged the casing, the endo and wires are untouched and pristine. That isn’t the “cause of death.” The mimic was trapped underground and couldn’t was escape so he’s not likely to be the culprit.   Suspect 1 Vanny: behind Bonnie’s stage is a vent that leads directly to Vanny’s room above Fazerblast. Bonnie could have seen something or was in the way. The bowling ball could have been used to bash Bonnie’s head in, as his head is missing casing and is about bowling ball sized. The bowling ball is broken and the last seen message is wrong, which is something an employee with high clearance could fake.   Suspect 2 Mimic: Could the mimic do this? Absolutely. The question is could the Mimic get to Bonnie. I don’t think so, but a lot of the security in burntraps area wasn’t there when Gregory fights the mimic. If Bonnie fell into an area where the mimic could reach him, then the mimic would have escaped. Given how the mimic was tunneling, if one ceiling was in between him and freedom he would have gotten out.  Suspect 3 Monty: The front marks on Bonnie’s chest match Monty’s claws, but it looks like the casing is damaged and nothing else. The last seen message could be factual, but omitting details. Maybe Bonnie did get in a fight with Monty and Bonnie fell accidentally. I doubt this as Bonnie was holding or near a bowling ball when he died, which doesn’t sound like something you’d take to Monty’s golf. I do think it’s likely they fought, but Bonnie would have been fine and went back to Bonnie’s bowl. Plus while Monty has a motive to destroy Bonnie, the dlc revealed in Monty’s ride that Bonnie gave Monty his guitar. This means Monty and Bonnie got along, so purposeful murder is unlikely. An accident is possible, but that doesn’t explain Bonnie’s other injuries or the cover up.  Suspect 4 Bonnie: If Bonnie did fall, he could have accidentally died. This does not explain the front casing scratched off, nor Bonnie’s last spotted message. Technically, falling by himself could be the cause of death but the lie after his death makes me think not.  My guess is Vanny did it. We need someone to go into camera mode and look inside Bonnie’s legs. The animatronics have a ton of detail on their models, if Bonnie’s missing his endo legs, then it’s deliberate. Otherwise, I think Bonnie saw too much or was in the way. Vanny has a motive and the means to fake the last seen message, something we know is a lie. Monty might have gotten into a fight, but Bonnie likely was completely fine and walked back to Bonnie’s bowl on his own.
About the green paint around the tears, Monty ingame has purple hands doesn’t he? So did he get purple hands as a replacement for his damaged green ones after he fucked up bonnie?
what killed bonnie  it was vanny who used monty just a random idea: Monty got hacked by Vanny and Vanny used monty to kill bonnie for some reason
His eyes are glowing. He's still on :(
the hole in bonnies chest is like montys claw's?
if you don't know what killed bonnie here is the answer: Monty. he was very jealous and killed bonnie to take his place. his plan worked but he was also very jealous of Freddy. Monty's next target was Freddy to take his place in the lead.
The description of this video straight up sounds AI generated, didn't even get the name of the game right.
Sing it with me! 🎶 “Matpat was wrong! Matpat was wrong! This is the rong lore song! Yeah!” 🎶
some people say that Monty was the one that killed Bonnie cause Monty want to be on stage in the spotlight I don't know if it's true or not that Monty destroyed Bonnie besides Bonnie been with us since fnaf 1 to help wanted vr
Can we fix bonnie ?
if u want to enter disable all wet floor signs
O:48
“My baby blue” from bad finger intensities
It definitely has something to do with the wet floor signs. When you deactivate the ones next to him, his eyes stop glowing.
bro thinks hes walter white
Now the only question remains if a glamrock foxy is in the pizza plex somewhere
So guys i wanna say something bunny was not seen in the main game so he might have actually been alive just stuck there and wat destroyed him was all the bricks breaking apart and also how did the wet floor bots survive
Poor bonnie he just wanted to show the kids a trick:(
My poor boi
The way you get in the room "legitly" is by Deactivating every wet flood sign bot in the game afterward a new one will apear in Bonnie Bowl deactivate that and you get access to this room, thats what i've been told i could've been lied to but the four bots around him suggest a connection so i'll assume its real as i cannot play the game
Now it doesn't make sense. How could monty have killed bonnie with the obvious slash wounds when he didn't get the claw upgrade till afterward?
I do believe the wet floor bots represent the 4 missing children's souls, being put to rest around afton when he dies. The exception, of course, is the playable character LITERALLY named cassie as she lives on to make afton suffer.
Well here's my theory the rumors are true Monty did kill Bonnie it makes sense because he literally has scratch marks on his chest and I remember something about bunny being lured into another area and never came back since in the first game auntie did wanted to be the best and knowing all of his anger issues it's coming together now.😯😢
flamenco thingy with bonnie sound slot like the spring lock thingy except there's four souls instead of five I think but the city soul might just be sitting in the corner with a hat
It was only a mater of time
I knew that he is going to be blue not purple
i wonder if him being added is the confirmation of the theory that monty killed him
I just realized, the game hinted at this, when you just leave the first aid area in the underground tunnels their are 4 staff bots surrounding a broken staffbot on the floor, just staring at it wondering what to do!
Yayyy
I’m glad Steel Wool Studios actually added a place where we could see Bonnie. Now we know the story between Bonnie and Monty! Still…who decommissioned him though?
Something I just noticed is there's broken pieces of a bowling ball around Bonnie's head
Yes, If you deactivate all the wet floor signs around the pizza plex you can get into the room.
I like this bonnie design way more than the fanmade ones. I just wonder why the base game doesn't show him off at all.
This reminds me of that one part in the main game where the staff bots were surrounding another bot on the floor behind the fence, the way the wet floor mops are surrounding Bonnie.
Bonnie🥺
MONTY DID IT
It’s also curious when you fall in monty’s attraction and it illustrates you how bonnie left the band leaving his guitar in monty’s hands. But at this point we all know that monty was jealous of bonnie because he was the secondary guitarist, in case bunnie was in malfunction, monty was the replacement, but he wanted to take his primary spot in the band so he do what he had to do to get bonnie out of the way.
Oh my god, i hope that MattPatt see this..  Also, oh my god poor Glamrock Bonnie..
HEY HEY, why you used cheats? If we can found Bonnie without cheats, just need off all wet floor bots
How you get to him is you go to the bowling alley but first you have to find every one of those small yellow wet floor bots and deactivate every single one of them then a door will open there and you can find him😎
actually the screams and cry are always in game the only thing it is more loud when you are desactivating
This is impossible he has all part of he body so what burntrap use
This is not glamrock bonnie it’s glamrock toy bonnie or ar glamrock bonnie
I can tell that this character is going to be something in the new update for ruin cause it kinda feels undone.
That's actually sad man
I'm kinda surprised that bonnie is a lot more destroyed because one monty would literally smash the daylights out of bonnie and two burntrap was made from bonnie
What happened to Bonnie in Five Nights At Freddy’s Security Breach? This gets good.
Wait BONNIE WAS THERE THE WHOLE TIME?!
it's so funny the description says FNAF Ruin, the DLC for Sister Location LOL
Bonnie had given Monty the guitar? my theory is that Vanny had disassembled him, you need Vanny’s mask to make his eyes go out, which I think implies that when Vanessa has her mask on, she goes in a murderous state.  tell me if u think I’m right or wrong.
Bro now I’m even more invested what If you could also find foxy😱
💻🎮 Gaming night? I'll bring the snacks! 😋
Bonnie is looking around the world though the help wanted signs or he jumped into them to keep himself alive maybe who knows
I think that's a reference to the og William afton death, u know the bunny suit, and the wet floor signs kinda resemble the children soul sprites
His arm is a part of burntrap
Monty of course. Dude has his glasses and bass.  By the way of scratches in bonnie body that could only be made by his claws. But the blue rabbit might be bonnie too.
So Bonnies endoskeleton is still there which means Vanny didn’t take it to make burntrap. Perhaps Monty really did kill Bonnie to rise up the ranks in the band and fazbear entertainment covered it up with the Monty ride by showing that Bonnie gave Monty his guitar
1:00 Correct
if you noticed, around his head and arms, there are pieces of a broken bowling ball, that maybe means that someone or something hit him in the head whit a bowling ball
Well he believe it's monty that killed Bonnie's and due to how torn appert he is I think it was monty
"Not sure what killed bonnie" *The giant claw marks on his body*: Adios.
Its monty dat killed bonnie
Probably vanny used the staff bots to dismantle Bonnie like she did Freddy to probably give Springtrap some parts and possibly since Bonnie was gone Monty took his spot or possibly vanny hacked Monty to kill Bonnie like in the beginning of the game when everyone got hacked by vanny
To find him you have to deactivate all wet floor signs in the building once you do you go back and theres one underneath the vent if you deactivate it the Pannel will lift and you can find the four standing around Bonnie with his eyes still glowing if you deactivate the four inside his eyes stop Glowing completely its a minie task to free whatever or who is still trapped in Bonnie
F
Don’t Translate this 🙏🏽   በጥቂት ሰዓታት ውስጥ ልብዎ መምታቱን ያቆማል. ይህንን ለመከላከል ብቸኛው መንገድ የእኔን ቻናል ሰብስክራይብ ማድረግ ነው። ከላይ እንዳለ እንዲሁ ከታች ነው
He’s dead but he’s in the best condition out of all of them
The nose and snout are kinda iffy to me, but it is still cool to see him in Ruin
Real?
Hey, Horror Scoped! To access Bonnie's room, you'll have to deactivate all the wet floor sign bots using the mask that you get from the Mask Bot. There are also arcade machines around the Pizzaplex and a secret ending! Don't wanna spoil what they do :)
I’m honestly quite convinced finding Bonnie has to do with those blood lights. You weren’t able to interact with them in SB so why now in ruin? What’s the point of them? That and the floor lights are surrounding Bonnie too? Maybe I’m looking too deep but I hope like,, dawko messes with it or smth so we can see if you can find bonnie in the regular game without breaking it
bon weasley
OK NOW WE NEED GLAMROCK FOXY
???? Why foxy
Ok, my theory is that bonnie is connected to these wet floor signs and is Maybe trying to send a signal for someone to help him
I think the reason they give off screams is because The Vanny Mask is linked to mass homicides of children, and has seen all of it, collecting sound samples from them. Naturally, those murders left blood that was likely cleaned by the wet floor bots, linking the trauma to the bots.
Monty killed him.
Now all we need is glamrock foxy
The cracked bowling balls make it look like someone throw or dropped them on Bonnie with force. That would explain the hole in the head and possibly the chest.
that bastard monty
I know how to get in You have to deactivate all of the wet floorbots then once you do you go to Bonnie bowl then there will be one final wet floorbot and then you deactivate it then it will open up to where you can see him
Why is bonnie like this? He was my favorite one. Look, i know scott is afriad of him but they didn't have to did him drirty!!!
plot twist: this isn't Bonnie, but an unknown dead animatronic and Glitchtrap is their spirit
Fun fact: montgomery gator killed bonnie în his room  at the start, that is why his room îs closed
F's in the Chat
I'm curious of something...if you deactivated those 4 bots surrounding Bonnie and his eyes stopped glowing, what happen if you deactivate all bots
It looks like if you deactivate all the caution bots smth might happen since some are gathered around bonnie. And if u deactivate only them, his eyes stop glowing. Someone NEEDS to try to deactviate ALL of the caution bots pls
The description: "DLC for SISTER LOCATION" bro this is literally Security Breach, what?
You have to deactivate every wet floor bot in the game, after that he will actually talk to you. Its just the lines from eclipse. Thats all I know.
horrorscoped idk if you're aware but in the description you wrote "the DLC for Sister Location"
ALL HAIL THE BONNIE
So this is were monty put bonnie after destroying him...
I'm thinking what if you can put chica's voice box in Bonnie? Would it work and most importantly would he tell us something like how he got destroyed and all? Also the broken bowling ball could mean that Bonnie got destroy because someone smashed him with this bowling ball
It was monty there's a claw mark on bonnies chest it was monty and his claws
Man i know bonnie is blue but i wish glam rock was purple
Finally. Before ruin came out I so wanted bonnie to at least be shown even if it was just his hand or whatever and when I didn't see him in the game, at least in the "normal" playthrough, I was surprised to say the least. I mean we did see like things that represent him in the base game but you'd think that it would actually lead to a reveal of some sorts but no. I'm actually glad that bonnie was shown this way though. It does make sense that you would find him using the wet floor signs but at least he's in the game... Now where's glam rock Foxy?
I’m pretty sure you have to do all the wet floor sign bots to get in there I could be wrong though
ik it may be a strange question but did any of you saw shadow bonnie appear in a tv at the beginning of ruin i saw it on markiplier's channel
you dont have to noclip, you have to get all cleaning bots deactivated then you go under the wall
I see a broken purple bowling Ball , I assume that ended him
Justice for bonnie
Also in the Monty boat place, it tells a story of Monty turning into a new bot and Bonnie gives him his guitar, passing down his role to monty
We already know Monty killed Bonnie to replace him.
Monty killed bonnie
OMG RUIN IS FINALY OUT!??!!?!?
Im happy that we finally see bonnie in sb
Cannon way bonnie died: he slipped and has fallen
i freaked out because bonnie turned out to be exactly what i imagined
I can’t wait for cory’s reaction on bonnie
I'm pretty sure bonny was torn by Monty so that he could be the main character
Omg how Bonnie in the room
There was a thery that vanny took bonnie apart for William afton
I get the feeling that there's some sort of wet floor bot ending or easter egg somewhere (Bonnie can be found by deactivating all of the bots in the area, but what if a player deactivated all the bots in every area?). The wet floor bots can all be deactivated in AR mode and if you deactivate enough of them they begin to turn away from you if you approach in non-AR mode. Very random but very neat! Steel Wool was also smart for not having ending cutscenes, as those would've been dug up very quickly just like the base game
Matt.
R.i.p bonnie😔 prese f to respect bonnie😔
I think that its supposed to either represent the ending of fnaf 6 with the souls (represented by the floor sign bots) being freed. Or the springlock falure with the souls (floor bots) surrounding a version of bonnie. (the only problem is is that there are only 4 floor sign bots and william just doesnt die)
Shows that wet floor bots are the strongest animatronics ever to be able to destroy Bonnie
So Vanny didn’t do anything to anyone with anything…
so sad when bonnie can't join the ruin dlc roleplay
F for Bonnie
Also when you deactivate the wet floor bots, they stop looking in your direction and instead look the opposite way, that is unless you put on the mask. But deactivate some more bots, and even if you have the mask on, the bots will deliberately look away from you.
@Dawko
THAT IS SO COOL! Bonnie is my favourite character so to see him in security breach ruin is so amazing!
So i think that you can put Chica's beak in Bonnie. But let me explain how to get Chica's beak. In the chapter were Chica falls down and recharges in the area that Chica chases you. You have to take the left path and enter the bathroom and enter one with the door open. Then there will be a vent and you have to go in and you can find a arcade and once you complete the arcade you get Chica's beak and you can take it to other chapters. So i think that you can put Chica's beak in Bonnie and Bonnie talks or something. Well i don't know so trie it if you want.
This is absolutely to do with the floor bot ending.
I feel like its supposed to imitate the missing kids and William afton/springtrap
Bro slipped
Bonnie is actually in the game?!?!?!?! He's not just a cardboard cutout and some bits of merch?!?!?!?! Okay, it's now my mission to find how to get to Bonnie.
1 word: MONTY
I am curious of his eyes why is his eyes glow’s when the wet bot circle him if you deactivated the wet bot his eyes went to normal
Nooooooooooooooo Bonnie
I think that this is a reference to Springtrap, this is Bonnie with the 4 children spirits represented as the bots
We found him no like we really found him
Rip bonnie 😔
So they never actually used bonnie's parts for burntrap
HE'S BEEN FOUND!!!
I'm both surprised and happy we have a legit Glamrock Bonnie design now, I can't wait to see all the fanart!
monty killed him
Poor Bonnie
Wanna join the legion?
I'm not sure about the glowing eyes but we need mat pat on the case immediately
I like how it is crystal clear that Monty is the negative robot out of the 4, in Monty Golf Freddy’s head is literally decapitated and his poster is placed farther away. Also in the normal game Monty was last seen with Bonnie, or more like Bonnie was last seen with Monty. Really am wondering if this will help further imply anything else in terms of the lore.
The fact that Monty dies in the water with Bunny lights is an instant Karma from him. If he really killed Bonnie. I wish we have next DLC where Cassie repaired all Animatronics including Bonnie.
I think Monty killed him as shown by the claw marks. He probably hid bonnie in bonniebowl. The springtrap thing still matters because theres no endo skeleton in bonnies lower half.
Ah yes, a DLC for sister location.
Okay so I'd originally made a joke about him getting wrecked by a bowling ball to the face from somebody losing hold of a shot they decided to wind up but looking at that hole in the side of his face (which could have been a shattering blow, we all know how hard bowling balls can hit if there's enough force behind them) I'm starting to think maybe my joke isn't actually a joke anymore.
Something even Dawko missed 😱
Bonnie looks better that the other glamrocks
so, my theory is, bonnie and the wet floor bots were the only things that werent burnt, because he has no sign of melted parts. and if anyone says "but he is torn apart!!" well thats because, monty is the reason he is destroyed
This only made me hate monty more knowing bonnie is finally in the game
It would make sense if you had to deactivate all of the wat floor bots maybe for another secret ending where you bring bonnie back
There is a broken bowling ball next to his head
They definitely were making him suffer
You should look through the game files to see if there is a fixed bonnie model
What do you use to do this? I've always wanted to get my own look behind the scenes and interact with things, I just don't know how to do it.
Nah what
I believe we will get a 2nd dlc to find what happened to bonnie
It reminded me more of a crime scene rather than a ritual
you can see that bonnie is missing most of his endo
Canon!
but where the hell is foxy?
FINALLY, AFTER ALMOST 2 YEARS, GLAMROCK BONNIE HAS BEEN FOUND AS AN ACTUAL ANIMATRONIC
Bonnie looks alot better than what i thought he would
LADS HE HAS AN OFFICIAL MODEL
Who is kill the bannie
what mod are you using
The way this easter egg is executed is honestly just perfect.  There's no cutscene, no dialogue, no special event, Cassie doesn't even react at all to what she's seeing. You just walk into the room, maybe expecting there to be just a collectible or two in there, instead to see Glamrock Bonnie, the character everyone wonders what happened to, lying there, dead, unresponsive. It's just so extremely creepy and just leads to more questions than answers.  It certainly confirms it was most likely Monty who got rid of him (on account of the claw wound on his chest), but why? Why Bonnie? Why kill him? Why was he never fixed? Why keep Monty around if it was clear he was a possible danger to children and staff?  Steel Wool is totally setting us up for either a second DLC or a new game all-together.
BONNIE???
@fusionzgamer
I think it was monty since he has a lot of claw marks on his suit
it looks like they’re sacrificing Bonnie 😂
You get in there by going behind one of the alleys just behind where the pins would be
So, how did he end up back in Bonnie Bowl if he was last seen at Monty's Golf?
i knew he was in this! There were some models that weren’t seen before, but also weren’t mentioned as unused either. So, I knew there’s still more. Also there’s some weird creepy Rabbit thing that also isn’t unused either, it might be somewhere.
You get in there by deactivating all of them to get in there
IM A LAME @SS THEOIREST BUT IM MOST CERTIANLY A DANGANRONPA MASTER AT DEDUCTION AND EXCISION- ehem sorry my time has just come and I’m happy OvO- Anyways, I shall review the Body: So firstly, and obviously, Bonnie was hit be something and knock unconscious… we can see from the broken pieces around him that it was a purple bowling ball… after words he was clawed at be the chest and his inner-… core? (Er- whatever is an animatronics version of a heart-)  was clearly ripped out of him… and he was deactivated… from there it seems they just left him there to rot but not until they dismantled some of his bits before they left… ofc tho, due to the lack of proper angles I can’t tell if they took the endo but judging be it his endo is perfectly all together… except whatever his core was… considering there’s a mat right under him seems like a coincidence… or ya know “what was swept under the rug never went under it” 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️ However because Bonnie was still active all this time… shows that there where definitely spirits in these animatronics… and this also is probably Scott telling us that Bonnie was never used to create afton… considering if he’s here with himself mostly intact means that afton was created be something else… maybe be a endo that mimics afton? This game has revealed and questioned more of what we actually know atm… but ya- I find it funny how Freddy is basically the only pants less and clothes animatronic compared to the rest of them tho lol. Like look at him, he didn’t get no span-bot -dex, no tighty Botties, none- and then here we have EVERYONE ELSE in some kind of 80s style plastic lol…
I had a sneaking suspicion that Glamrock Bonnie would be tucked away in a corner some place that you would have to go out of your way to find. It would make sense considering they very intentionally made Bonnie's disappearance a mystery in the base game (but not Foxy's disappearance strangely enough).
monty ripped him apart remember? in the original game it was heard that monty ripped apart bonnie
They were either his eyes or they were to bring him back to fighting standards by some miraculous way
i would like to imagine thousands of wet floor bots suddenly appearing in UCN tho UCN probably is probably like 40 years before the Security breach Ruin DLC
Bonnie look like PJ
Reminds me of the 4 crying children surrounding the spring locked spring Bonnie/ springtrap
what chapter is this again
I can't kill these little guys. They're too adorable.
Wow this is actually really cool!
MATPAT IS GONNA HAVE A FIELD DAY MAN!
b.. Bonnie
Monty folded Bonnie so bad he ended up of bounds 😭
Bonnie obviously slipped on the wet floor after ignoring the sign bots and HECKIN' DIED.
seeing that his eyes are lit up until you deactivate the wet floor bots makes me sad... he's probably been aware the entire time, just broken down there, waiting for someone to save him :(
We’ve done it
Monty likely did it, but hopefully the motive wasn’t as simple as jealousy
why they jump him
his eye color are the same as the wet floor signs
I dont believe monty killed bonnie, if you look at his damaged parts, you see no claw marks, or bites, so it must mean there was a accident or something got to him before monty did, or monty wasnt trying to kill him at all.
i know what killed bonnie, it was monty. the whole fnaf group used to be glamrock bonnie, glamrock chica, roxanne wolf, and glamrock freddy. but another animatronic named monty killed bonnie to be a part of the band.
😨😨
How is monty still alive??????????
_my_ _boi_ _bonnie_ _slipped_ _because_ _of_ _wet_ _floor_
I was confused what the purple stuff around Bonnie was, but I realized that it was parts of a broken bowling ball. Parts above his head and by his shoulders. That so interesting I wonder if that a part of how he got destroyed
I’m starting to think we might get another dlc or another game for security breach
This is so cool
Now we just have to find Foxy
Yesssssssssssssssssss Bonnie we finally found him
Would be funny if the model maybe able to get reattached. Or get a video origin of what happened to Bonnie
i haven't heard anyone mention this about the wet floor bots, my guess is these wet floor bots have eyes... and have seen the tragedies going on in the plex, seen missing kids, seen people die and scream, and when you wear the mask you hear what they saw 🤷🏽‍♂️
There's a cracked Bowling ball on top of his head... I wonder if someone beat him to brokeness with that Ball and Monty got the blame when he didn't have anything to do with that.
I have a theory Perhaps this ties to the tftp books when there is a moment bonnie goes on a rampage killing spree although I don't have the the books myself I Rember Matpat mention it and the screams are from the people bonnie Killed again I never owned the books so I can't shed more light on the theory or name the book
Hope he somehow comes back alive
My theory is one of the animatronics dropped a bowling ball on him, and then ripped him limb from limb and I think it was glitch trap
I'm pretty sure he was right there all along in sb bc on one of the Bonnie ar plushies in ruin it says I'm alone
WHAT
I'm 95% sure the blob did this, not vanny or the mimic
Notice the massive claw marks across bonnies chest plate. Kinda looks like a gator did it 🤔
Why do i hear "Barny has finnaly....." instead of Bonnie...?
What if the wet floor signs are children souls like victims of vanny or the ones in the "missing" on the newspaper and when we "deactivate" them, we're actually setting them free? That's why we hear those laugh, screams or sounds coming from them
0:47 ok but why did they give him a wiener
bro his design is dissapointing
They added him and has been abandoned
There is a broken bowling ball by Bonnie’s head and there is a theory that Monty killed Bonnie, so maybe Monty snuck behind him and beat him over the head with a bowling ball causing it to break after Monty was done with him.
So glad they actually took time to add bonnie in.  I think monty got.a bit jealous and thats what happened to bonnie sadly....
Looks like his endoskeleton is absolutely missing, which likely proves that Monty was used to steal Bonnie’s endo for Burntrap. :/
Finally
we gotta get this info to Dawko ASAP. Escort The Payload fellow Fnaf fans!
Wait is that a glarock Bonnie? I am thought right now fix this now glitchtrap and vanny killer that kid right now
bro the describton says "FNAF Ruin, the Dlc for Sister Location."
he mentioned about the floor sign's and they keep him like from but the eyes are like there still working
my emotions right now  D:         HES DEAD O:         he actually is here :D          WE FOUND HIM :l           we were gonna see him at one point
Damn
Atleast we have an idea of his fate. That big rake across his chest points us towards the one who most likely did it along with those old notes from the base game - I think its safe to say Monty did this.
Yesssss Bonnie is found my fanf people
why does it look like a glamrock freddy reskin?
Oh my god pat pat is trying to revive Glamrock Bonnie
R.I.P bonnie
Mat pat is gonna lose his mind
Finally, We find Glamrock Bonnie
Its been spread out a lot in the comment section but for people that don't know:  (All of this is theorized)  Monty destroyed Bonnie. Monty used to be a solo act who only performed in Gater Golf. Monty either destroyed Bonnie for a spot in the band or some endo parts for Burntrap. Monty got Bonnie to come into Gator Golf, then destroyed him. Bonnie was so beyond repair that they never fixed him, they just gave Monty the spot. Monty also got the sunglasses from Bonnie. In the Gator Golf ride we see Fazbear Ent trying to cover this up by showing Bonnie pass down the guitar to Monty.   Why Bonnie is in Bonnie Bowl and not Gator Golf, we don't know. The DLC came out today.
I thought Burntrap was the remains of Glamrock Bonnie.
Monty killed him by being controlled by vanny as seen in one of the comic endings
This is what I think Monty Lorded bonnie to this room and just went full croc and murdered him in this room and broke the nob to it and left him in there with the 4 staff bots
Bonnie is alive!!! Kinda
John from FufNaff was trying so hard to get into that spot. He was really excited in hoping to see Bonnie.  Edit Now that there are four more Wet sign bots, is there another ending if all bots are shut down?
This is the scariest part: He has eyebrows.
Cool
Can't wait to see an oob video 🥰🥰🥰
Thank god this video appeared on the search list, too many annoying people putting on over hyped voices for children and I just want to know the story and secrets.
it hasn't even been a day im glad i unsubscribed before a major spoiler. resubscribing now but this is  not cool dude
I saw bonnie at 4 am  ngl I didnt know that youtubers didnt notice for a bit
imagine its something stupid like bonnie slipped and died and thats why the wet floor signs are everywhere lmaoooo
wow thats cool
glamrock roxy helps me from the monster guy thing
Poor Bonnie lol, I wonder if he would’ve helped Freddy and Gregory in the original game considering Bonnie and Freddy were friends. This is crazy though I love FNAF lore, hope we see Bonnie come back again man.
Blud thinks he's Walter white
How do you go out of bounds and hack ruin??
I see bowling Sheard around bonnie something bush him with bowling ball
HE IS ALIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIVE, well, not really! But you know what I mean
I havent seen the entire gameplay but they should 100% make bonnie friends with cassidy like gregory and freddy
@razzbowski
Monty got jealous :(
The Mimic couldn't leave witnesses, I guess.
If you noticed there’s a broken bowling ball on the floor, so maybe whoever broken him hit  Him over the head with it
Someone tell Matpat and or Dawko
BONNIE!! MY MURDER SON!!!😭😭😭😭🫶
Monty the hate Grandma Bonnie you want kill Krannert Bonnie
The floor sign screaming I assume has something to do with agony because when we get near then we hear things like screaming, crying, sirens, and maniacal laughing
you have to deactivate all of the wet floor bots to get inside legit
what chapter
I was really hoping for rad glasses though. He looks quite plain.
Ok thanks gotta tell fusionz
Bro just completely tore apart matpats new theory
Nah Bonnie had a grimace shake 💀
Nooooo :(
Guess matpats theory of Afton using Glamrocks Bonnie suit isn't true
Cory's gonna be real mad about this
Bro this is cool, but he looks weird
Theory: It said Bonnie was last seen in Gator Golf. That gives us a high chance that Monty killed him and then he was no where to be found after. My guess is that he killed Bonnie and his him until after hours and then hid him in a room where no one could find him so he could stay in the spotlight. The reason his limbs are broken are to make sure he can’t move if he reactivates or so to increase the chances of him not being fixable if any workers do find Bonnie. The reason for his eyes and the wet floor signs is unclear to me.  Or this is just a secret area for fans to freak out. I don’t know. 😕
Bonnies design is ok but i like the fan version better
It's pretty obvious that Bonnie was disabled/killed by Monty. In the base game there is a note that say that Bonnie goes into Monty Golf and is then never seen leaving. It is confirmed by a different note that Bonnie is indeed out of comission. You can also see multiple scratch and slash marks on Bonnie's chest with green paint around each "wound", implying that this was Monty's doing.
Imo I think Monty destroyed him, I mean his chest looks slashed ;-;
Well there's a theories about Bonnie Monty destroyed Bonnie and vanny helped Monty to destroy Bonnie or Monty destroyed it by it own self the 2nd one is my theory
cant wait for matpat or dawko to see this LMAO
Hmm interesting, I kind of assumed maybe burn trap was using the Bonnie parts to rebuild itself
If there’s a Bonnie then there’s a foxy
It seems pretty clear what killed Bonnie and actually confirmes supicions. So first of Bonnie has actually three slash marks across it's chest and the hole looks as if it was torn open. And than there is a gaping hole in his head and a broken bowling ball. The broken Limbs are moastly intact wich seems to be that they just fell of due to natural errrosion. What I can't explain is all of the robot parts around. Seems like extra spines or limbs.
"Not sure what killed Bonnie" It was definitely the guy from BackSeat. He even admitted it. 😅
Thanks for spoiling or ruining my  security breach ruined experience
I like the idea of Bonnie getting a bowling ball out of a gutter since it got stuck then a child hit Bonnie with a ball and it sent him right to the thing that drops pins down and it crushed him
There is two shattered pieces of a bowling ball beside his head there if ya'll look, I wonder if that was used against him during the main game
We now actually know what glamrock bonnie looks like! I'm gonna be honest, I don't expect glamrock foxy. I would say that roxy pretty much is foxy. The names also sound similar. Y'know. Roxy and Foxy. I just hope we find DJ Music Man.
So Bonnie is the wet floor bots
Bunnie what happened! Uh no
Blue Bonnie
Me: Expects to see Bonnies corpse somewhere in Monty golf, Steel wool: makes a ritual with bonnie in the center behind bonnie bowl
I think the sad part was that the glowing eyes most likely meant he was still alive but suffering he couldn't move he couldn't talk and their was no way to ask his best friend for help until Cassie finally let him rest in true peace. At least that's what I think
There's gonna be a way to get there in game. I can tell. There's still so much we don't know about it, like the Chica arcade game.
Well, this absolutely confirms that Monty destroyed Bonnie. He looks torn apart, I feel like if he was destroyed for Burntrap, at least a few of his limbs would be missing, but they're all here, so it actually was just Monty's jealousy taking full force.
Was Monty.  Monty mean ( hated glamrock Bonnie bowling and glamrock freddy) Monty wanted go anywhere hunting kills glamrock Bonnie then Monty get  glamrock Bonnie throw away in trash garbage or somewhere else.
I actually screamed NOOOOOOOOO when I saw the thumbnail, why am I so emotional over the death of a character we technically never met?
@Razzbowski would love this!
Right next to his head looks like a crack bowling ball in 2 or 3 pieces
BUNNIE FOUND I REPEAT BUNNIE FOUND
This is a very cool find dude! The cleaning bots around Glamrock Bonnie and the screams kind of remind me of the fnaf 3 minigame where the souls surround purple guy and then he dies in in the SpringBonnie suit. Afterall it wouldn't be impossible since we have the technique of voice lure from fnaf 3 reused once again in this DLC, however it's your voice instead of bb this time.
razboski gonna flip if he sees this can you do foxy next❤❤❤❤
May glamrock bonnie rest in peace 😢
I believe that the screams are from  victims of the pizzaplex and all of the wet floor bots are possessed by spirits of those that died in the pizzaplex and by deactivating the wet floor bots you release their spirits thus turning off bonnies glowing eyes putting him to rest. I believe that the eyes on bonnie were glowing because a spirit had also possessed bonnie and all the wet floor bots around him look like they are forming a circle for a ritual of some sort. so when you finally turn off all the bots it releases the spirit inside of bonnie.
Bonnie looks like a blue glamrock Springtrap to me- (Also I noticed that bonnie has his chest almost ripped apart like freddy in the vanny ending So maybe vanny sent the staff bots to dip him apart)
Wow I’m shocked cause I was wondering what the point was with shutting off the caution bots only to find bonnie. It’s pretty cool to see him all broken with his eyes glowing which shut off.
Monty killed glamrock bonnie
They sacrificed him
I wonder if maybe we could reactivate him like we did with glamrock freddy 🤔 also all the other animatronics survived *very* bad circumstances so I wonder if bonny could too
Holy damn this js awesome
its great that we get to finally see glamrock bonnie, even if it is with him ripped apart...
Finally we get to see what Bonnie looks like! So cool!
Let’s go I made you have 1k likes
Im hoping someone gets within the files and puts bro back together in the correct way.
Bonnie looks like he got ambushed from the looks of the room he’s in
Hm
now we just need to find Glamrock Foxy
It definitely has to do with the wet floor signs, as I watched Backseat Streams play this and he managed to get out of bounds after having deactivated most of the wet floor signs in the game, and after deactivating the ones inside the Bonnie room, one appeared near the vent that deactivation of opened up the room. Based on this information, I assume you unlock the room by deactivating every wet floor bot other than the ones inside it, and the ones in the room incremented the counter enough for it to be equivalent to the quantity that would normally unlock the room.
I think bonnie wouldve fit as a final node for bonnie bowling, with its own cutscene of course
FINALLY A GLAMROCK BONNIE!
Have you tried doing the Glitch ending after deactivating Bonnie? Maybe what's keeping it tethered to the sinkhole server was Bonnie
man  monty killed him fr
I am so happy to see the official appearance of a glam rock bonnie!! It is so cool (and creepy) to see him there! But the real question is, what happened??
the dlc for sister location?
poor bonnie
I know what killed him. there are Bowling ball shards around his head. so someone knocked him out and ripped him appart.
R.I.P bonnie He died to natural causes
Justice for bonnie
oh damn we finally get to see what GlamBon actually looks like-  pretty neat
Good job.
Rip Glamrock Bonnie. Once helped Monty, now destroyed by Monty. And somehow moved to his Bowling area in a hidden room
You won't like the end to this game unless you already got it.
There are pieces of a shattered bowling ball next to Bonnie's head. So it wasn't an accident... Someone killed him...
Omg thank you
Is that the only way to get too glamrock bonnie?
It looks like he is laying in a pool of that acid stuff from Chica's bakery.
Is this real
The funny thing that I'm sure the fandom isn't going to be happy about is the design of Bonnie.
Welcome to another episode of Monty ruins everything! Today we are going to murder the f**k out of Bonnie!!!!
This may just be Scott's shot at making those out of bound only easter eggs. SW wouldn't have put the time and effort to fully model and texture and implement him into the game if it was scrapped.
Well we now know what happened to bonnie
oh he got zonked with a bowling ball for sure
he looks fabulous
I think when you get in there the right way if you turn the mop bots off you might activate him idk
Try to find foxy I really think he was the old daycare attendant and there are things of him all around the map
i always wonder wheres foxy
I bet they put this here because they new someone was gonna go out of bounds.
The wall is moved when you deactivate all of the wet floor bots. Once inside you can shut down the 4 around Bonny and his eyes dim. It's assumed that he was seeing through them the whole time.
your video description has a title error. Read closelyy!
does anyone know what the mod is called for going out of bounds?
Man, my Bonnie loving heart is shattered but can finally rest...
Under a hour bois 👇
I WAITED 2 YEARS FOR THIS FINALLY MY BOY BONNIE IS HEREEE 😭💖💖
A destroyed bowling bowl and a chest gash looking similar to Monty's claws
SO MONTY DID KILL BONNIE!
Your like the only guy that found this
yeah thanks for the spoilers dude, atleast wait a day or two or just dont put it in the thumbnail
For people wondering, I do believe you access the room normally by placing on the VANNI mask and walking through one of the bowling lane walls.  EDIT: as people have replied, you need to disable all wet floor bots, then one last one will spawn right next to the bowling ally lane. Disabling that one will allow you access back there. I didn't know this previously as I don't own SB, and had only seen a single video (one of the first posted) of someone going in there, yet not explaining how too. So hopefully this helps.
Rip Bonnie 😢😢😢😢😢
wow
Bonnie has finally made an appearance in Security Breach!  I’m curious as to know how he got here and how he became like this.
I have a theory that Bonnie was trapped in there because the damage isn't as bad as the other animatronics so he either survived the pizzaplex burning down by hiding in that room and got broken a bit or he was trapped in the room without anyone knowing slowly rotting and if this is true then who could of done it
what no-clip tool do you use for these video's i would really like to use it sometime
Too late! Backseat already found it
dawko needs to see this, this is crazy seeing glamrock bonnie thanks for the video love your videos there very interesting to watch just seeing you explain stuff very nicely and seeing what goes on behind the scenes in different games and all sorts so keep it up man
YEEEEESS YEEEEESS YEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSS
I am actually surprised they went through and added a place for Glamrock Bonnie to be. Thank you for revealing this information to us all.
LETS GO BONIE HAS BEEN FOUND!
It’s almost like the wet floor bits destroyed bonnie.
Maybe the screaming was Bonnie being destoryed and that was. Him screaming in pain and despair
sorry i cant see the video. i dont whant spoilers
It’s been so long…since I last have seen my BUNNY
Bro I legit liked the vid first I’m first, there was no likes or views when I watched
Is this real?
What do you think Bonnie's eyes deactivating lore-wise means? A freed spirit? What's up with the floor sign bots and the tormented screaming associated with them?
This is insane!
It’s a crime scene
His chest is green cuz of Monty’s paint he mauled him to death
Fusionzgamer needs to find this
Finally a we’ll know youTuber finally found his body
Pls make a video about the secrets of the whole game
Sick first
insane
first jk
firstttttt
2 comment
First
Poor Bonnie
Oh wow
Fazbear Entertainment approves this channel
yoooooooooo
Great video
