In a old game I played I got 2fps
You just got to turn down the music a little in your settings lmao
This aged well
How does this game not have a grapling hook?
skill issue
2:09 (where you said how the face of our character is like ours in rl)  That’s exactly how me and my character and probably every person reading this will be 😂
Update you have to kill the juggernaut
Dawg I’ve watched this and ur diamond casino heist and I genuinely believe ur just not good at this game
That isn't lag, lag is playing 800x600p and still getting 5 fps
9:46 MOVE 👹
i’ve ran the entire Keio Periko heist completely stealth in under 11 minutes with my brother Half the shit he’s telling you to do is unnecessary as fuck or inaccurate from my understanding this motherfucker just don’t know how to play the game bro
Bro really said it was impossible to get back onto the island from see what the fuck are you talking about dog I literally one time on the island I drive around the island and go to the party area then go right into the water and swim left around the island and go straight from there and there’s a helipad in a tower and then again left and then it’s a straight shot to the communications tower easiest way to run that shit 🤷🏼‍♂️
Trash video
2:06 SHUT UPPPPPP
He’s saying it’s the worst heist even tho he’s the one who’s always setting of the alarm
When your in a boat in the planning phase, they have invisible walls all around the island so you cant even use a boat to ramp up the cliff
Well to be fair, he did the heist in the worlds least efficient way
If you like stealth just play payday 2
Luckily the cutscene got fixed I had the cutscene and I heard little madrazo just fine
Do I HAVE to buy a submarine for this?
Tip, swim around the island until you get to the compound, then find the drainage tunnel, which is basically the best approach for the heist
this video aged like cheap milk
You can only really do this heist with the drainage pipe. Allows you to effectively spawn inside the compound at the start. Then you can just run to the office, steal the target, then run down, kill the people at the door, leave, and then swim away.
it was pretty odd to see Pyre realm lag on the island with a way way higher end system then mine  even when he was playing at min settings.   when this DLC launched i had a i3 9100f and a 1050ti  i did have grass to the min setting and AA off  but i was getting around 80fps in 1080p
I should show you some time how to do this better it takes about 15 to 25 min setup and 6 to 10 min to do with your self our with friends .. as for your computer maybe by a counsel or new computer sounds like you have a cheap computer ... my xbox series x has no lag and runs smoothly at 60 fps at 4k hrd1 and sounds great can hear them talk... if you have a computer that's not a dinosaur it will even be better ....   .
Man you are so annoying when you shout, and the heist is not bad, the video is
Do I need that same submarine
Xbox One player here. No lag outside of a brief load period swimming in, but beyond that it's buttery smooth the entire time. Genuinely the easiest heist in the game now, depending on your approach. I personally do the stealth sub approach and with a little proper planning you can be in and out undetected in 10-12 minutes
thank god I am foreign gta player cause I had subtitles
This is a terrible guide.
Yeah my PlayStation 4 pro cannot handle it it is so fucken laggy that is the most worst kind can you ever get lag nation
Dude get to the point next time lol
Your complaining is unbearable 🤦🏽‍♂️
does anyone know how to quick heal or quick equip armor in this game on PC? I have to fucking go to my inventory menu every time, that can't be right.
9 million dollars to get started  That's all I need to know
This is in 2021 its the easiest heist in online
Dude blaming the lag on his game instead of his shity computer lmaooooo
It’s not laggy on consoles ha and we don’t have moders
8:10 you never pick the sniper rifle for cayo perico... especially not stealth. You’d be better off with a water gun
What it’s like for consoles? Buttery smooth baby no lag at all
I'm on an Xbox one I've had since 2014 and there isn't a noticible difference in frames compared to a 30 player lobby. The only time the frames get noticible worse than they usually are are when you swim from the Kosatka towards the drainage pipe
It’s a dream on the Xbox one s just sayin , the only heist i run as I’m an antisocial social gamer Xd
This guide sucks. It’s just him complaining
Not a guide, this is a review. Disliked.
I can make a million or more at the three card table casino table creating previous save points. I'll pass on this heist for now. Thanks but no. 😆
More of a "first time experience" than a guide 😂Entertaining non the less
U didn’t really explain all of it
I’d rather pull my teeth out had a look as. Want the blue circle at the air port for the glitch but cannot be asked at all and after this video naaaah
Easily the worst review I’ve seen of this heist. You scream and shout when almost all of the problems were the fact you were just bad.  The technical issues you claim are on a “high end rig” are nothing to do with the Game, if last gen can handle it your “high end” computer can as well.
Anybody wanna do b2b?
It’s amazing to see every possible thing that could go wrong go wrong.
Bad guide mate
So u need a 9 million dollar sub to make 500k like wtf
Your paying a video game dude it should be fun and not feel like a chore, i enjoyed all missions throughly
The actual heist he could went in the drainage tunnel entrance and it would of been way better and a more power load like the marksman with suppressors or aggressors with suppressors this guy really thinks the heist sucks because he picked the worst approach and weapons in the heist
dude why so negative ? :(
pyre realm gaming: struggling with heist me: completes the heist in 12 minutes, undetected, and gets elite challenge complete
"i cant imagine this on console" LOOL Ur computer shit my 6 year old ps4 runs perfectly lmao
Hey console s were not laggie
Nothing in my 30 years of gaming is as annoying as doing this heist without the sound muted.  Rockstar is straight up trolling us with this trash.
Bro your pc is a potato cause I played on the ps4 slim and it never laged
holy sht, i came here to watch a heist guide. not be complained to the whole time. what is this? 6 minutes in and no form of useful information has been put out. get your life
Lol
..but I could hear the cutscene just fine
I have zero lag on console
I don’t know how to get into the Cayo  perico heist by myself
I swear el rubios valkyrie is indestructible, along with the gunners
Well this review didn't aged well since mr. Rubio is financing everyone now. I started playing in april 2021 and earned over 500 mio since mainly because Cayo Perico heist
I always get lag only when ge force needs update
You can’t imagine on consoles bruh dude stop with your pc console war it’s passed of date and it doesn’t lag on console
Random helpful tip... You only need the Marksman loadout with suppressors, the weapon stash, and do all tye preps in their entirety... Also during scope, fine the bolt cutters, grappling hooks, and uniforms. Then its a breeze.
Bro just stfu I played this on 1.5 speed you talk to damn much just get to the point
I just waisted 6 minutes of my life thinking I was going to get some real info just to listen to a man complaining more than my ex wife.
Ah yes when you said it was the worst heist I was like “I know it was your first time but cmon”. I made 20 million just doing that heist lmao
This game is so gay let’s make an island you can’t fucking get on
I did full stealth on console and it ran fine, no lag and no detection, in like 25 mins I finished the heist.
What are you on about I made 10 million of this in about three hours
It isn't Bogdan its pavel
Lol
What the Sparrow is not slow
I also chose the sniper loadout for this heist and still can't complete it. I've been trying so damn hard, but by the time I get into the compound I get showered with bullets in all directions.  Edit: I have completed it now, wasn’t too bad once I figured it out
What is the soundtrack in the beginning?
my dude this is supposed to be a guide not a complain sesh
Mans missed the second dude😂
Honest title: I complain about everything because my knowledge of the heist is ridicusly bad
Omg. I wish I saw this video and I could’ve saved myself the effort of swimming and running around the edge of the map for far too long🤦🏼‍♂️
I have no problem with the heist..... but those GODAMN TREES 😤
So I have zero dollars lol how the hell do buy a sub
This one is kinda on you becouse of your audio settings I have mine set to prioritize dialogue so I heard him just fine
(3:28)Well Pyrealm it’s actually not that bad on Console  (NOTE: I have the original Xbox One soooo yeah😐)
B2B?? Or need help on PS4 add my psn- BigHapzLoccc
This wasn't a very good guide, a lot of whining, like way too much.
They need to make it possible to go through trees
Who tryna do this mission?
9:46 when a cow sees grass
9:46 when a cow sees grass
He should title this video "why this heist sucks" not "guide" all he does is bitch and whine instead of telling you how  to complete the heist
Honestly the way you made this was awful sorry man 🤷‍♂️
Does he have to complain ab everything like stfu lol
Who has cayo perico heist add me if u have User:lincolnzane Tell me yours
What makes me mad is that after you scope out the island for the first time, the second time I’m running into trees disguised as a bush lime BRUV
Well cayo is easy but it was ur first time because it u couldn't get it done
I did this yesterday, no lag whatsoever and only got detected on e
Poor heist guide
wait...  YOU CAN SHOOT THE CAMERAS?
Pyrerealm: worst heist ever Me: laughs in kosatka
I hate this mission just like all the rest of the heists. I spent 2.2 million (the minimum) for a payout of 1.8 million (the maximum) really wish I could have just saved the $400,000 and the headache this mission gave me.
Bruh all you need to do it after stealing the diamond or papers to use the scuba suit swim around the island steal the loot on the outside and swim away take for ever but easier for bad players like me gives you a lot too
I was looking for a real guide but got this guy just whining...
pyre realm gameing : worth heist in gta 5 Humain labs raid : my place has been challenged
No way another 9 mill after you pay for the submarine 🤣🤦‍♂️
2mins and all I've heard so far is complaints about the audio while this video goes between quiet and ear damaging loud.  I thought this was supposed to be a guide?
Alt title: pyre being a idiot for 9 minutes straight
As a console player on the series x the graphics and frame rates are fine for me
For you newcomers, this video is not a guide, but more of an experiencing it for the first time type of video.
Why buy a 2mil sub for only 1.4mil profit?
just tell me how to do the fucking mission
So we can’t do the heist without 9 mil. Great
This wasn't a guide at all. I learned nothing.
It's hilarious that it was telling you how to mark targets while you were saying you don't know how to do it 🤣
Prg stop complaining I have made 400 mil with this thing because I used the drainage pipe entrance
well i dont have 9 mil laying around thats for starters
The most easy way to graind money u can get from 1.3m to 2.5m each 90mins
You sound like you can't play the game so you complain about it
omg that with the "impossible to get back onto the island" thing happend to me too i was there like swiming around the eniter island and ended up restarting the mission lmao
I didn’t have any of these issues...
I swam around tho while island
I thought I was the only one that couldn't hear the cutscene.. I was cursing my sound settings! LOL
This Update was equivalent to unwipped cheeks.
We had the same idea at 4:20 🤬
I got caught once sneaking in, stay on foot. Use vehicle for only a stretch. Stay in the foliage.
Runs great on PS5
Tbh I never had an issue with the fps, the trees are really annoying though. I am playing on a laptop (HP Spectre)
Lol I play on Xbox one and it wasn’t lagging at all
Marksman I think is one of the worst loadouts Conspirator is the best for all ranges close quarters, mid range and long range combat. Aggressor is good if you plan to stay in stealth the whole time
Lolololol i did the swim also....
My series x definitely doesn't lag. Friends ps4 lags
This island 🏝look like that in red dead redemption 2
Nice guide it's just you complaining for 11 minutes
Dude you can just turn the music down lol
4:47 actually if you swim just a bit further there is a dinghy that you can use to go to the other side of the island where you can beach it
So you cant play Cayo perisco Heist unless you have 9 milion to buy a submarine?
Is this a guide or just everything you hate about the heist?
Someone tell him that there is the kosatka and tunnel entry?
Cant chase the heli on foot. can confirm. sorry homies
I liked the heist...until it softlocked me.
I completely agree with this, it's poorly designed and everyone I play with just just blasts everyone in the house and naffs off, making the rest of the island useless. The prep work around the island is tedious and I also swam around the island like you but I swam the entire journey from the gate in the east right round to the port in the west of the island while some npc douch drove past me backwards and forwards in a speedboat seemingly giving me the finger for what seemed like an hour 🤬
cayo perico is easy ur just bad
Thank you this is the video I was looking for.
When you yelled "SHUT UP!!!!" I was thinking the same thing. Shut up! Your video sucks
What a cry baby!
Omg man same as you i tryed to swim around. Took 50mins to find the right place where i can walk, then they spotted  me and i was teleported to gates again..
Someone help me with the prison break on ps4 Gamer tag is KillerKids_Dad
The console does NOT lag or lose frame rate hence that consoles are built to where you don’t have to adjust graphics to better gameplay
bro talk too much like dang man!!!!
Same with going onto the island from water it took me 30mins to realize
This video didn’t help
If you know what ur doing this heist is ez and can give you the most money you could ever get in the least amount of time
dude
You just saved me time and money for that i thank you... and you're one funny chap so im definitely following... also... damn you got some pretty damn good aim with that sniper..ggz
Nothing wrong with this hist he  just wanted to make ah video
I woulden’t say the heist is bad the only problem is those trees
Dude stop bitching and just do the guide 🤣
Pyrealm you took to long to kill the other guard, if it's not almost instant you'll get detected
Who agree that the drainage tunnel is the best way?
i just do the drainage stealth approach with suppressed assault shotguns and if i am spotted i just use grenades to blow myself up and the quick restart the heist😁
Wait so how low did you have your dialogue audio
to me it was quite easy , I did it quietly from the drainage tunnel and you don't have to do all of the prep missions just 5 of them(codes fingerprint cloner crack shot kosatka and that cutter thing)is enought
It looks like I was not the only one who swam around the entire island
This was more of a rant then review, I mean guide. I did this heist on the ps5 and it was easy.  All you have to do is use the drainage tunnel as an entry point and swim out to the ocean (behind mansion) as an exit point. “Just keep swimming, just keep swimming.”
Ik the 2 or 3 months old but you judged it to early its the best heist 1.45 to 1.85 mill solo there's tactics now if your gonna do a guide on heist playthrough it properly I don't mean no hate
my very old PS4 can run the entire island very well .-.
I kid you not, I fell asleep following that valkyrie
Do you know what's screwed up? Pavel, being as awesome as he is, is only paid $150 a day for taking care of an entire presumably nuclear submarine all by himself. Your SecuroServ CEO assistant is paid $300 a day to sit on their ass and basically tell you to go collect a car or a shipment.
title says guide.........this isnt a guide dude. its just you bitching for 12 mins. there are literally no tips here at all.......nothing to help understand the mission.......just you blaming the game for everything. call it a review dude or somthing not a damn guide.
9 mil for 1 mil
Shitty guide I have a much better one but I don't have a vid on it
imo, if you're not entering Rubio's compound using the drainage pipe, you're doing it wrong. ☠️
You really have to quit the yelling in your narrations.
None of these problems happened to me. The checkpoints were simple, the game never lagged, and it is incredibly easy to do stealthily if you pick the right options.
PAVEL HIS NAME IS PAVEL
Do you need to fully upgrade it to do the heist
Dude I ran around the island aswell for Soo long and couldn't get up can relate
Bro it’s just you
Should have picked different entry points
Me with my mid tier gaming pc with all graphics at max and and running at 1440p getting over 100 fps
Subtitles are in the settings, noob
no lag on console 🤌
I did it solo got 1.9 mill its annoying how many times the guards were alerted
For the love of god, stop freaking screaming dude. If you’re gonna scream this much please put a headphone users beware. Also this is a review, barely a guide if not at all
If you do the water pipe entry and put guard clothing outside the compound while in stealth, will the disguise still work or will you still be caught?
On consoles it’s actually great hahah i think your internet or pc is just crap 💩
Recommendations, find guard costumes, use the new rifle in the heist, try to kill guards fast, and if solo, I vestige the airfield, there you can find a lot of coke, and never use the velum
I was able to go around the entire island like you did but I found a boat near the end and got inside near a dock near where the objective was on the tower location
Hey Pyrealm, you might want to update your video explaining that it wasn’t enjoyable because you need better hardware. I’ve tested the new dlc on my pc and consoles and had no issues that you explained.
I did the cayo perico heist 7 times or something
Watch the TGG guide if you want the real tutorial
my strat is enter through drainage tunnel, kill every guard until they drop a gate key, go down into the basement do the hack and collect the target, if your friend already found a keycard by killing a guard you can get the keycard upstairs in the office, make sure to get the safe. you can go back downstairs into the basement and get the gold if its there, if the painting is also there then you need to grab that first. If the other player already grabbed the gold stacks then you can collect their leftovers. if one of your bags arent full yet you can go for the other secondary target place right outside the basement. now you are set to leave, one of you can kill the guard and get the bike, now go take a left and towards el rubios yoga place so you can get a boat on the water, if you’re lucky then the boat will spawn and you need to shoot the driver and get in, and fly into the sun set. getting a fast escape and possibly getting elite challenge
Went to siwm around the island now those damn cliffs stopping me from getting back on
CHICKEN NUGGETS!!
I liked it
Complain much?
Why is it so bad? Cuz rockstar spend time fixing missing attachments and magazines in *SINGLEPLAYER CUTSCENES*
Pro tip dont use the plane just swim its much harder to get hit
I was able to hear fine everything but my sound settings are already adjusted so maybe that was the reason.
That dumb slow Valkyrie is so slow and I can’t get the office mission NOT THE DUMB SLOW VALKYRIE
Dude if you don’t like the game why make a video. All you did was cry the hole time. Made it 3 min in and stoped the video. If I want to here some one cry I would call your women
8:32  when you alert the guards they will shout and shoot at you and the remaining guards hear them  you have to take out both of the guards instantly
1. Notice how he did this during the day 2. He didnt do the heli prep 3. He took 5 seconds to shoot the 2nd guard  He is just bad
10:13 you can headshot the jug and it gets insta killed
The sparrow loading takes 14 seconds
Lol no lag on Xbox get a rig that can run it
For some odd reason it's not laggy on Xbox
Wait until he finds the drainage tunnel
Not only is this a review instead of an actual guide. This dude really tried swimming around the island? This is my first heist and I found out how to maneuver easily on the island
My hearing is somewhat impaired so subtitles are always on for me 😒
This heist can be hard if you don’t know how this one works, but if you get the meta down it’s really easy and a good way to solo grind 1.2M+  Edit: btw it runs well on Xbox 1, idk what was going on on your end
For console it was fine...well mine was I got no lag on Xbox
I got my sub on sale minimum price is 16000000😁
I finished this with my friend yesterday and I'm on ps4. When we were escaping cayo perico I had like 10 fps
I feel like everyones first instinct was to swim around that first check point
i dont know why i tried the heist on my xbox and there where NO lags except for some, but on my pc it was hell
Fuck I couldn’t take 10 mins listening to this fella
I swear the sound for the whole heist is so bad
I really hope that GTA6 is less over the top and more realistic...
lmfao i did the exact same thing and swam around the whole fucking thing until i found a boat somehow then found a beach
I could hear it fine
Thats not a guide.... its a review... a very complaining review
Ye just deaf
What is name of song in background
The Cayo Perico heist = easy money.. at last
Always liked ur vids but this one just feels... terrible.  The heist is an amazing way to farm money and this feels more like an opinionated review rather than an actual "guide".  No helpful information here just you complaining a lot.
3:30 i was lower than 12fps while driving its soo bad
I like it cause you can do everything solo. I hate having to depend on other people
how do i unlock the recon drone?
My buddy and i @indoorcannabis671 tried to by pass the cams by taking the shore line too but we found a boat right by the rear end of the check point.
I really am enjoying the heist so far (haven’t finished it)
Not really a guide, more of a review. Runs fine on the One X, haven't had lag issues.
Can do in 50mins hieist and prep if you need help you’ve probably got it to a t now tho
Drain tunel, kosatka, night, suppressors and that is how u make it stealth   Also if u get the follow valkyrie on weopons loadout Mission just blow the shit down and start it over
I am just fine with 15 FPS
This guy literally did what I did.
You literally rushed this out as fast as you could so your video could get popular. You should actually put more time into these “guides” if you could even call it that. I really recommend stealthy because it is so much easier. This is very lazy and put together too quickly.
The trees
Ya......this dlc is why I deleted GTA off my console. Piss poor vehicles and lack of content besides a small island.
Dude stop screaming
Well at least it’s a good way to get money, Better then doomsday heist,
This is a terrible review because you did everything wrong. Maybe understandable, first time, but go back and do it stealth with crack shot load out, and it's an easy heist.
I played the heist on console it ran smoothly for me
Ya I can hear the audio just fine when I am in the night club
What is the 'nice loud music' at 1:25? It's a banger
My pc setup is worth more than the average full size NASA computer. Around $23,456 CAD.
Jusy spent 3 hours trying to beat it, and had to give up. I fucking hate this game sometimes
3:24 consoles is fine, at least for me and even I have internet issues, getting connection lost most times
This is a review, not a guide...
"I don't know how to mark the targets".     On the screen the whole time
By far the most dissapointing uptade for sure
It’s because u did it the hard way
This sounds far more tedious than fun? So basically GTA online in a nutshell. 😂🤣🤣
If you get the Valkyrie mission. Launch a guided missile from your sub and fly it into the chopper
did have to scream in the mic without any notice, its late man
Yh well dunno bout the older consoles but my fps stays capped at max on the xbox series x so yh thats what it's like 👍
Payo Cerico
This hiest is so bad when you try to leave they all aimbot you and have tunes of hp worst part is there’s nothing to spend the money on
This isn't a guide
This is not a Guide it's a Review...
I had to stop a few minutes in. Too much whining and complaining in this vid. 😭 👶 😭
I did the heist and failed twice to get the way what I wanted but then I gave up and just did it and the juggernaut came running to me and it took one bullet to kill him and he was wearing head armour so I don’t understand how I killed him in one bullet
I'm sure the cutscene music was annoying for you thankfully I have music turned off entirely
Ok, but over 9 million dollars and the heist doesn't even replace that money you spend. Not even worth it
I had no idea that you have to buy a submarine to start. I couldn’t hear him either.
Its by far the best money making method , u just dont know how to play it the right way
yeah this review is flawed and rushed
Video sux. Title is misleading. I clicked for a guide, not to hear you moan on and on..AND ON!!
4:28 - YES!!!! I did it the first time and it was sooooo annoying XD
Come on dude, you must know how to do it solo stealth by now and are secretly loving every moment.
This video is a complete waste of time
Bri its one of my favorite heist you can do it solo prep is shorter you can do it fully sillenced you get the most monny over the prep time and i hade while playing 2 hourts just 2 lagg spikes but nothing else
gta series guide really helped me get through this heist. After doing the heist a few times, you get more familiar with the island and the guard movement patterns. I'm making a cool 1-1.4 mil every 30-45 mins. This heist is absolutely amazing.
Wtf is going wrong with this game it won't let me deliver anything
You can do this heis in solo mode??
Seemed more like a review than a guide
I was really excited to do this heist and this guy makes me regret spending my 2 mil, can someone tell me if it is really that bad??
is it just me or does this guy yell into the mic at a few points like annoyingly loud i had to turn it down then back up to hear him then he was screaming too loud again
The  Cayo Perico Heist..NOT A FAN AT ALL!  Tried playing it couldn't get pass the first check point on the set up ( I had zero patience)I said screw it..
The whole Heist is a joke, still doing it 3 days later,solo vibe. :/ Got rinsed for the sub and other stupid things like the sonar. GTA need to sort their shi*.
Im on xbox one and I never had any problem with lag
I bught the koskota but its not show me her 😫
Imagine making a game mode to make money but to even start it you need to spend 9 million dollars just to end up making just over a mil
this wasn’t a guide, it was just a play through of him complaining
Why dose it not let me go in when it says deliver
this video audio was incredibly inconsistent, at one point this guy is yelling hella loud that l have to tune down the volume, after that l cant hear his normal voice.  that aside, video is great
Do You Have To Do The Lookout Again
This heist totally crashed and burned not going 2 lie
What discounts/awards do you get after the heists
I went into the water as well and it takes 25 min before you find a boat and you can take that to one spot on the map where you can get back on the island
Worst video. rushed video for views
The island is actually fine on console lol.
First step have 9 million dollars
Now that I see how the heist is I don't want to do it anymore. Plus im on ps4 so the performance suck
That many ads in 1 video ur a fuckin joke man
Wait wtf u do it all solo🤣
Xbox series x doesn’t lag Cayo perico  You didn’t need to take the plane to end the heist
Snake eateeeeeeer 🐍🍑
sneak in the sewers and don't get seen to go incognito
also, don't use a plane. take a boat at the docks and just drive away from the island
if you're having trouble getting around on the scope-out, register as ceo and call your assistant before you meet English dave. When you drop off El Rubio, select luxury helicopter and you can avoid the guards
Just blow up the valkyrie and try another weapon mission.
Game performance aside, I think this is actually a really fun action heist. Away from the all-too familiar LS streets with LSPD being involved with everything we do.
Console is better than your pc
yeah i like how fps are fucked on ps4 pro
There are certain aspects that I don't like about it, but overall I really liked the heist.
It actually plays really good on the new series x Xbox no lag on the island
To make the setups quicker return your submarine to storage and request and again so it spawns closer
I've played the heist on High/Very High settings with absolutely no lag. I'm not sure what your "beefy rig" is, spec wise, but I'm having absolutely no issues dude. Otherwise, I agree with a lot of your complaints about the heist, with the only PRO being the $ you get for completing it, especially solo.
I’ll do the heist and see if it’s better than the bogdan problem heist repeat exploit (most likely not) Edit: I completed the heist in 17 minutes and made 1.72 million solo. And I did the same thing with having to go around the island, expect I went to the docs.
Maybe do not name your video "guide" when only think we learn from you is how to be a crybaby.
So the trick to complete this heist easy is to just not get detected. Pretty simple
Bro I swam around the island too
I'm on console and I did not lag once  AND I went with suppressed assault shoty and machine pistol I went in through the drainage tunnel  And was extracted through the airfield  I didn't get caught once I did it duos And to top it all off my take was just above the 2 million dollar mark  I do like your content pyrealm but that heist review was god awful
Anyone else that has not much lag on consol or is it just me
2013 ps4 and its capped at 57 fps and on pro its 60fps and 60 on ps5. I did it on the same internet but it could vary
Have to respectfully disagree. I found Cayo Perico to be quite fun for the most part. There are so many approaches to the heist and tons of things to discover. Performance wise, I ran it on a budget gaming PC (Pentium G4560/GTX 1050) and had minimal issues in Cayo Perico. As for the heist, you are meant to be as stealthy as you possibly can, and to only kill when you absolutely need it. Things like the Cutting Powder and Silencers can help out a lot. Also, it is probably the best way to earn solo money, as it's not impossible to earn as much as 2 million from a single heist. I do agree about the cliffs though. Screw those cliffs.
I cant believe how hard it is for people to get to the fucking point
I’m planning on doing this heist a second time solo but what would be best to grab I can’t get paintings or gold since they need a second player
I dont care if its fun or not, I wanna make money quick.
Damn i have a mid-high end setup and i never lagged, never found issues with this heist. Everything he says is mainly just a complaint how how bad he may be at the game. Like it's honestly a skill issue at this point because he obviously didn't know anything at all. Next time if you gonna call something a guide maybe don't just rant all video about how bad you are at the game.
about submarines. - wow it looks like a spacecraft! Pavel: this thing goes as far out of space as humanly possible Pavel is the best
You complain like a white girl complains about her Starbucks
Its not laggy for Xbox
People complain more than they play the fkn game
So I don't know if this was mentioned but pro tip. If you swim out a bit from the island everyone in a boat will come toward you. So steal one and ride to one of the docks to bypass that check point Also pro tip: you can dismiss, call or fast travel the sub at any time during the prep missions to save time.
"MY GOD"
Bro i play GTAO on ps4 and its not laggy for me (i already did the cayo perico heist 7 times)
Mine didn’t lag at all on my Original Xbox One.
With seven resets I actually managed to complete the heist stealthy.
Actually it wasn’t to bad for me it wasn’t laggy on console
Also quick tip: park your submarine right next to your yacht and have them both at vaspucci beach, therefore you have your yacht vehicles and the beach to call a hydra or something
I have a first gen xb1 and it was actually able to handle it pretty well
Here’s how to complete the heist in under 30 mins https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xboIZBGY6uE :
My shit run like a dream, it doesn't change on the island.
I was going to download the game back up but im glad i watched this video. the devs and management are stuck in 2013 where loot boxes were more accepatable and grindy design wasint notice too much. this game could be sooooo much better if they adapted to today's age of gaming.   Here are some of the few things they could do off the top of my head just so were on the same boat, id totally return to online if these were being implemented (before you try to talk smack in the replies) -fix the goddam economy. (prices are all over the place) -increase the shark cards pay (8 mil is nothing in today's online) - make stealth actually work (i know you can still hear suppressors irl but this is a videgame for crying out loud) - allow us to sell bussines (at a loss ofc, better than having it leeching money from your bank account) - nerf the aimbot (specially for side gunners on helos) - do not reward other players from greifing cargo and other players. (you get 10k....10k from ruining other player's 30 mins of work.... it maybe gets you or some ammo or a new mod for a vehicle...Rockstar dosent get to decide on things like this. The community does) -nerf the domminant combat vehicles against other other players (im looking at you opmk2)
failing a stealth plan at the start of your first run is kind of intense and unique for a gaming experience
You can skip doing the disruption setups by starting setups then joining a different session
One thing that’s fun is hunting these Russian things down in a b-11
i get that he has an opinion but he choose the worst way possible. try it with the submarine as the entry vehicle and the conspirator loadout thats the best way to do it imo.
Can you do the setups with friends? Or does it have to be solo?
It's fine on ps4/5
By the sounds of it you dont seem to be a fan of games like the ol Splinter Cell?
Don't call it a guide when all u do is screaming and cry about the game clearly you don't know Jack shit bout the hiest
9 million. Mhm. Nice
Stop using msaa combined with grass at ultra you genius.
Anyone else had a scuba gear outfit?
🤦🏻‍♂️
Jesus Christ this is so damn expensive GTA is just a scam
I use a 1tb PS4 PRO when I did the heist with my 2 friends I had no issues with fps or anything like that. We did it easy and none of us had any problems. The performance issues is probably just that you have a crappy console / PC .
Am I really the only one who realised you can use a car to get over the fence? You can jump it if you drive on the wall on the right side.
5:57 you can also kill them with firework launchers
I respect your opinion to the max pryrealm but for me its not hard not because i scoped out the drainage tunnel did the kosatka prep and the shotgun loadout (and all the other prep things) so i then start the heist sneak in through the drainage tunnel sneak around picking off guards 1 by 1 and i get to the main compound and than i grab the primary target then i try to sneak to the main dock to grab secondary targets and then i get the hell out of there i did the heist 4 times yesterday but this is just how i do it you can do it any way you want :)
Idk if it's fixed for pc now but first day on xbox one x was fine for me (well besides getting caught a Ton of times)
Its not even laggy on console
Is this a guide or a rant?
Retitle this video “Cayo Perico Heist Review”, you haven’t provided a detailed guide
Pyre realm: struggling on hiest  Me:*laughs in grinder*
Well my xbox one s frame rate is slower than a fucking turtle
Without a question this is the worst guide video for the heist but I give you that this video is really funny and you are a really funny guy I couldnt stop laughing.
When he says he's getting "lag" but what he's actually referring to is poor framerate due to his dogshlt cpu and/or gpu
So much of his frustration could have been avoided he he just made good decisions.
1:40 You had a problem with the Sound? Do you not turn the music down to 0% you noob?       That’s a joke btw plz don‘t get angry
Laggy on your high end rig 😂😂 my ps4 had no problem loading anything from this dlc
Wait i just started, where the hell do I get 9 million from for the submarine??
I did 22 cayo perico missions. Never gotten the diamond. Why could that happen? I didnt do the casino heist, could that be it?
This guys complains like no other! I love the fact this heist is quick and easy in one step!! Can you say easy payday!!! If u want strategy simply play the other hesit!! I would of enjoyed this video if you didn’t complain so much!
The loadout with the Ak mk2 has bullets that oneshot the juggernaut in the head
No sound prob
Bruh can you not talk
Can you do the heist more than once?
Your pc might not be as high end as you think cause on Xbox one this game was fine on day one for me
Yeah that shark is an easter egg it has 50% chance spawning and other 50% is a stranded whale on the beatch
I play on PS4 every time I do the set up part it keeps kicking me out of the heist I've done the beginning part 20 times it keeps kicking me out idk wut 2 do I'm going to keep try don't buy the sub
Pyrlealm, your one of the Best GTA YouTubers, but sorry to Say this: your trash at this game, you cant shoot the guards properly and you altert everyone in few seconds, its a bad rewiev not a guide
i got a 980ti no lag
I like the heist, The Kosatka Drainage Tunnel approach is very easy, they aslo wont spot you if u know what your doing and you can complete the whole heist in less that 10 minutes. Also about the lags : I Play with my 6 Core AMD cpu and 3Gb Nvidia geforce 1060 with 8gb ram, didn't lag even once, and i did the heist 3 Times already, Didn't lag even once
Lmao I seem forever also bro shit was dumb asfff
it pays better than any other heist, so it is definitely worth the price of the sub.
I am lucky I have 2 rtx 3080 and it doesn't lag,
I’ve got original Xbox and I have almost literally no issues with this heist at all and I’ve made around 10mil
Just saying u can destroy the valkyrie
I'm on xbox and I have 60 fps
Im a Hungarian kid who only started learning english 1 year ago and I understanded every single word in that cutscene with no subtitles lmao
You spend more money than gain from the heist lol al stick to cargo
I did the heist solo 2 times and got more than 2 million dollars u just need a guard outfit and an accurate gun.  Guns from setups  Outfits from heist(found on cayo perico around the map in green boxes)
I did the same.. I swam that damn island for an hour, trying to climb back up..
idk about your frame drop mate, my game run just as normal same 60fps on ultra settings without any problem. And the heist imo is great, its definitely not like the other ones where when you select a approach you are just gonna follow the objectives and finish. Here, its only 3 objectives and thats it how you complete the heist depends on you that's something which i really liked about this heist
Glad im not the only one who drowned themselves. 😭😂
Nice review, is there a guide?
The lag and sound is just you. PS4 was perfectly fine.
PC sucks 🤣🤣🤣🤣
This dude complains too much
Anyone else find this guy extremely annoying. So whiny, I had to turn the volume down to get through this video
I dunno what low end PC you have, but mine 900USD PC with intel core i3 can easily play 60fps
My Sound in disco was good and if you drive to the Dock left you Can steal a boat and sail all the way around the island and Walk right in ..? And yeah you CAN see where cameras look and guards look .. why the hell did this video get so many likes with so much fail and a lazy swearing twat talk over
No the worst heist is act 3
Tip starting the disruption missions and finding a new session right after will do the mission and give them pistols and no armor or air support 2nd tip on the hack you find the top fingerprint then go down find the fingerprint you used at the top and go one over from it then go to it again and go 2 over then 3 over and on from the start one then it will automatically say done and bring you to the next one and then you do it till its done theres 4 fingerprints
I have to say, this guide is really poorly done Pyre Realm, imo. I mean, you kinda messed up the heist and then you played it in the most inefficient way then rated it based on that experience. Not to mention your guide is more like a review. Simply tanking shots is NOT nearly the best way to play this heist.  This heist actually offers a lot in the ways of strategy and thinking it out. A lot of that happens when scoping the island. Finding bolt cutters, grappling hooks, poisoning the guards (in fact, deciding WHICH GUARDS to poison because you have the choice of poisoning the ones outside or inside the compound. Choosing different load-outs as well. You chose the most difficult way to do the mission in stealth. If you scoped the drainage pipe that leads into the sea from the compound, you have the option of diving from the Kosatka into the ocean, cutting through the grate of the pipe, and getting right in El Rubio's mansion at the very start of the heist. From there it's easy pickings of what you want to take if you have a friend with you. Or if you don't, you pray you scoped a painting in Wl Rubio's office and make do with the stuff outside the compound. Either way, it's easy af even solo to sneak through the compound, killing the guards, getting to the primary target, getting out, and then grabbing extra loot and leaving without alerting them, even on hard mode. Solo players can make at least 1.2 mil doing this heist. In fact, I just got 1.5 mil from it about an hour ago. It's easily repeatable. Literally, it's like 5-10 mins after the heist you can start it up again on hard mode, where there is no real noticeable difference except for the keypad needing an extra fingerprint, yet you can make extra money doing so.   I really wish you had taken your time with this guide. But I'm gonna say this is a one-off in a Youtube career filled with great content.
its a best solo money making thing, why your experience is trash. coz of two reasons (1)you dont know proper way of doing heist (2) you sincerily dont like gta Online, so most of your reviews are biased and negative
It was perfect on my xbox one x
Lol everything that you’re complaining about.... happened because of what you did . Choosing a sniper ? NOT using the drainage tunnel to infiltrate ? Also the lag and sound , that’s all on you . My 2014 Xbox one and series X can run this heist perfectly well with no lag or visual issues at all
The sound and lag.... that’s a you problem lmao you can’t blame the game for your “rig” not being good enough to be able to run it smoothly
the lag isnt on console
you need too buy console bad video ur clearly too fussy
I think u over exaggerating a lot, the lag problem of you doesn’t exist on console  (Lags are every where but I never had problems) In the end heist mission as we all know it, the rockstar stealth system isn’t that great so u have to be really quick, wich u weren’t as u sniped the guards, also u just ran into the house and not using all the different approaches u can sneak into the house, the heist as it Self is really great. The choice is up to u how u play the heist, so if it is not fun, use an other strategy? so maybe make another video about the different things u can do in this heist because there are a lot
The best approach is the drainage tunnel which puts you into the compound at the very start of the heist. From there on its ez game
I think its time for you too clean your pc, as my shitbox pc played it just fine. Also, you'll need to shoot faster when facing two guards at a time (don't use sniper)
That's a review not a guide.
I have a question do you need to set up the cayo perico heist after you have done it or will pavel let you know when the heist is available
Such a shit fucking heist
Shit guide, its just him whining and complaining about being incompetent at doing the said heist
I did the first mission on console and it ran fine
If you go to the top of the church in gtav next to the military base there's  a theme or music about Christmas playing
I do wonder what your "high-end" setup is because I've got a decent setup but nothing too new or anything, but I've never experienced lag on the island. Also, those buzzards would not have spawned if you did the air support prep correctly.
YOU HAVE TO BUY A 9 MILLION DOLLAR SUBMARINE TO PLAY THIS DUMBASS HEIST ON A MAP THAT ISNT EVEN IN FREE MOAD FOR MUCH LESS THAN YOU HAD TO PAY FOR THE SUBMARINE WHAT THE ACTUAL HELL
Rockstar DEFINITLY doesnt playtest their shit
4:22 too late.....
Why doesn't rockstar add  North Yankton? Also I too tried to swim around but got nowhere until I found a boat and drove back
That was me at the swimming round the island🤦🏿🤣🤣
I’m on console but there was no lag. Media com finally was good to me. Get good😎
Everybody complains
On my xbox one s my fps runs 59 fps so idk
9:47 that made me laugh soo hard 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
wow your Strategy suck
2:26 it's like some guy in a lamborghini complaining about a dirt road being bumpy. I mean, I have a 2gb 670 and run gta just fine :P (it's like a fiat 500 of pc)  Love your videos :P
Anyone wanna do this back to back 60/40 I’ll pay for setups HMU PSN crazypsyco2020
Anyone wanna do this back to back 60/40 I’ll pay for setups HMU PSN crazypsyco2020
9:46 Perfectly Cut Screams
Ok, good I thought I was the only one getting lag issues.
10:52 he could have escaped with that boat😂🤦🏻 but he still goes to the plane
Health as T1000 XD. But I  dont think stealth is that broken
When i hear the music im thinking of LA Beast
Dose anyone know how much painting weight?
I quite liked this heist 🤷‍♂️just my opinion
I have a fairly low end rig and I am on high graphics but it stayed at abt 37 FPS
Jokes on you I have my music super low
By the way...you did not do the sabotage mission, i can see they have body armor You also miss the second guard head, hit them in the body with that sniper is useless. If you want to use your support team, for most of them, use the interaction menù. And so on, like not using the heavy bomber approch that bring you at two meter from the compund  The heist isn't bad, you were biased and you didn't recognaice your error
Yeah.....i did swim around the isnland... Then i remember the second time i come that there a BOATS.....so yeah epic brain fart for me
You can jump the checkpoint using a bike. Just wheelie along the left side hill and you're done.
I loved this update honestly
My friend and I did the thing where we swam around the island trying to get on😭 we wasted a good 20 minutes😂😭
the fps are a lot better at night time
This is so far my favorite heist idk why people hate it, it is very easy and fast to do and earns lots of cash. You can do this heist in many ways by entering, leaving, what to take, etc. the only thing i complained about was that we can’t do much of anything about this new island just the heist I wish we could buy property or drug business because it would make sense.This guy is just complaining for 12 mins so don’t waste your time watching this as he is just crying for being bad at this heist.
i laughed so hard watching this video . thankyou . i wanted to play but after watching this no thanks
It’s crap I hate it it’s too hard grrrr
Bro what is this shit? You always made high quality reviews so you were my go to source for stuff but that's definitely changing. This isn't even a guide, sort of a review where you complain about the most minuscule things because you either don't know how the game works or were rushing to get clicks. Sorry but this video is complete trash.
Wait a minute (9:26) how did he have 10 armour of all kinds ? When i tried to do that it says that i can't carry any more armour (i previously i bought super heavy armour to the max)
I havent finished it yet but it looks like a very good heist. Unlike doomsday the preparations are all managable(im looking at you avenger) and the heist is soloable and gives you a lot of freedom.
remember to pray today and everyday! God heals and helps! Repent and spread the gospel!🙏🏾❤️
Hey I have found out that you can contaminate the water supply of the Island and weaken the guards!
I dont have legg
I play on the old classic Xbox 1  For some reason it wasn't laggy? Idfk man
I've never had an issue with graphics or frames and I have the og xbox one
All you do is complain on this video man, be happy they’ve put effort into a heist 7 years since the game came out...
It seems those who are bad at Casino heists really love this new heist.
So basically it’s not worth it
Theres no lagg on console
My xbox one s performs better, and no not the series S  And this isn’t a guide it’s like an introduction
Bro wtf ,why to me when I look at the cameras, the  guy that goes to the vault to open it ,to me he is stuck outside and doesnt go to the vault and the cash that is on the tables ,doesn't spawn wtf?
I could hear them fine , your music settings are ds
Geez, this "guide" was rushed. Love your videos man but you did not give the hiest a fair shake. If you're on your own choose the Sub infiltration at night and buy silencers. Boom. I solved the unwinnable hiest.
Something to help with the guards is to use the cutting powder. Because it can lower the accuracy and reaction time of guards also the infiltration weapons pack is probably the best because the Mk2 AK gets FMJ and the pistol does to. All in all my personal experience is that the heist can be annoying at times but it’s really easy solo if you have the drainage tunnel unlocked so you get in the compound immediately and get the plasma cutter to deal with chains so you don’t have to get the bolt cutters the only thing I do for the scoping of the island is to get some secondary targets guard clothing and the cutting powder
This heist and update as a whole is lame, I got excited when I saw the new nightclub in hopes we could get new customisations for our current nightclubs
Turn the music down beuh
If you are doing it stealh, you might want to go for the Drainage Tunnel entrance. It will put you right into the compund and will basically allow you to complete the heist in sub 10 minutes in stealth easily
From my experience, I haven’t experienced anything bad except the Velum not teleporting to the island.
Glad that I, as a non-native to english, had subtitles activated. Hooray to R* for this masterfully crafted cutscene tho  I was not even on the island, but I already dropped to 20 fps in the Music Locker. Is low fps in the club normal or will my pc just melt on the island if its already struggling in a club.
This whole thing is totally not worth the effort, fucking rape
Hii everyone just a few tips if you doing the prep missions.   - You can storage your Kosatka while doing a prep mission. Once you are done just call the kosatka and voila your kosatka is teleported near you.  - If you choose too fast travel through the Kosatka it will only cost $2000 during prep missions - are you using the Oppressor just park it between the railings on top of the Kosatka  Tip for the scouting - at the North Docks you can find boats so you can easily travel around the island. At the main dock you can get out.   Goodluck 😁
CARR CAR CAR FAKJU ROCSTAR 👆👆👆👆
"use oppressor mk2 for quick and easy travel" Buzzard: im a joke to you?
Wait, you were lagging, on your master race PC? Weird
How is your game lagging
3:00 i didnt have ANY lag at all, it was actually smoother then Los Santos and im on a ps4
The new hiest is a lot of fun. On console ps4 pro no problems with lag or frame rate. I really recommend doing all of the setup missions ie. Blowing up the helicopters , armor supplies and weapon dealers. If you do this you will find the game more fun. Also bring your friends you can only carry so much loot. Be sure to find all the bolt cutters as these will limit how much lot you can find. Also in free mode there are key that give access to locked rooms so be sure to look for them as well. Buy the sparrow helicopter for your sub you will thank me later. Also the setups can be done in invite only so no tryhards. Max take is over 5 mil if you put in the time and bring yours friends. Also so parts of the recon carry over to the next hiest.
Nah I gotta say, you're pretty shit if you find this heist hard
Is it just me, or does he sound really drunk in this video...?
9:46
I'm on Xbox One X and framerate is fine
What graphics card are you using?
I think you did run into a audio fuck up in game that wasn't your fault. I could hear him just fine. I think the game glitched on you
Different approach and exfill is highly suggested ..🤘🤘
On console it’s not laggy at all, it’s pretty good if you have good wifi
4:20 YES SOMEONE ELSE UNDERSTOOD. AND THEN IT TAKES YOU BACK TO WATCH EVERYTHING
It plays fine............on ps5
3:20 it’s actually not bad on Xbox1
I play This on PS4 after playing 15 fps i just bought the ps5 to do the heist lol
3:34 it is literally perfect
I won’t lie this is a bad video I’m having no problems with frame rate and really enjoy the game I know that’s opinion but quit winning bro chill.
I took the beach with a friend to rip lol
2:05 yeah sure okay *JUST SHUT UP!!!!*
I’m on the Xbox one s and it’s perfectly fine and I got crap internet connection
This obviously isn't a guide.   It's a salty first-impression by a player that struggles with this sort of GTA gameplay in general.
When u press a random button on the sub   Pastlle oi cukka bellet indi nahoii belet CUKA BELET
Frame rate on Ps4 is totally fine
this is just a rant not a guide
this powerpoint presentation was disgusting to play. even on 3070 i9 9900k
Sound setting rong, me hear fine
worst guide ever!
Its easy
Best tutorial EVER 😂😂😂😂😂 this guys so funny 🤣
IDK why but I got two million solo without secondary targets. Did my game glitch or something?
I fucking swimmed for 30 mins and you are saying you can go on the island fuck my life...
Cayo périco means parakeet fell
Man what a loser. Its like this guy only uploads videos complaining about the game. The heist is super easy and doable solo. Dont listen to this guy....
Yeeee no fun, just pain in the ass this heist is :/
I’m glad I’m not the only one that went swimming XD  That shit killed me lol
It's a easy heist if u do it right
This is so funny, rockstar has just given up at this point
Juggernauts are 1 shot headshot, thank me later
I play on Xbox S and it’s fine for me
Oh my god, stop Whinging. You're going to have a heart attack from that blood pressure.
My next gen console has no lag or FPS drop. By the way you have to get a boat from the north dock and drive to the main one it’s really easy
My game didnt lag at all😂😂
did the exact same thing with the whole "going round the island" thing
I was playing on my first gen Xbox one and I had very little performance issues, nothing like you had.  If my hard drive was full though I'm sure it would be unplayable, gotta keep %10 clear for performance
lmao i did the same sea Thing
I cant find the new shotgon maybe you can do a video
Bruh i have a still have the same xbox one from the day that i came out and i ruins the new heist perfect the island looks great
Yeah this review was rushed out within hours of the update dropping. I did my first solo approach yesterday. Using diguise and supply truck. Took me 12 mins. Didnt get detected. Main target 1.4M  Secondry targets 473K + elite challenge 100K. Total take after fencing fees and pavel was 1.775.470 dollars Around and hour and a half later i had another final ready. This is the best legitimate solo money method in the game by far. I genuinely cant tell if this video was supposed to be a joke or if its just because youve lost interest in the game but this "guide" belongs in the bin
Me and 2 friends actually managed to finish it completely stealthy, we had one guy on the lookout and to kill al the cams and me and the other one just killed all the guards
On my xbox one my max fps was 10 at best
Rockstar: You can do this heist completely solo! Me: Aight cool.  Rockstar: You need 2 people to open the save to grab the gold bars.
Inb4 you realize you can take out the juggernaut with 1 headshot
i5 9400f + gtx 1060 3gb lets me have 70 fps with every graphics set to medium
Hey pyre realm you should make a video where the cops used the Cayo perico heist vehicles like with the other DLCs   Like if you agree
what should i do to get the money for the submarine quick?
For people with performance problems. How to fix: reinstall windows(and keep it clean), redownload the game(maybe worth a shot if u have loads of proplems and have same game files since 2015), install latest drivers, have a good cpu (ryzen 1st gen or better for 60fps+), overclock it if you can, profit. With ryzen 1600 and 1060 6GB i play in 1440p ultra (grass on low or med seems to make fps tank)with advanced setting off and no msaa at 80ish fps (casino tanks my fps though). Didn't notice any performance problems on that island.
this heist isnt shit tho...did it solo stealth and i got 1.4m its really easy and escaping the helicopter just takes driving straight into the ocean  but the damn trees can die  overall: really easy heist to do solo with 1.1m guaranteed
Hasn’t lagged on my ps5. However I had to delete the game and re-download it, cause after the update, I couldn’t start the game. But once I re-downloaded it. It was fine. There was no lag at all.
Console FPS was completely fine for me first day
This cry baby says it’s the worst heist ever after only playing it only once and it’s first day out 🤣🤣🤣
Pyrerealm traveling the map took me an hour
I dont lag at all on very high 1080p with my rx 5700xt, and a friend of mine, has a 1660 and still plays with over 60 fps on the island. Also, my old rig, with a 1060 doesnt lag at all
Same happened to me i also got cutscenes without sounds
How did you unlock the air strike?!  I can’t figure out how to unlock it.. please help me figure this out.   Pleaseeee there’s no videos of how to unlock it & ive done all the prep work
So I'm not the only one who loves Pavel
GTAv is too frustrating after playing other games. We need vi. Don’t hold your breath.
Damn you must have a bad pc I didn’t have a any problems what do ever this game runs fluently if you know what settings to run you can have almost every settings turned up to max and the ones that arnt important and make you loose FPS down are you even a gamer bro
There is one more second target is in the hanger at the air field and how I find it the front doors were open
I had to DOUBLE my volume to SLIGHTLY hear him
I'm having trouble starting the first setup mission. Is anyone else having the same problem?
I got 1.5 mil from doing it by my self
I was using my og xbox one and my god i was at 1 fps
Lots of things you are complaining about i dident experiance
A friend and I finally sit down to try the heist... The usual shitshow that is GTA:O loading up is followed by us going in funally! Then about half an hour later a hacker spawns the entire lobby into a random place... Sooo seems like while doing the heist you are not in a separate session even tho it is something the two of us starts... Whatever lets try invite only... Oh wait you need to be a CEO to start the heist that again has NO interactions with the rest of the players... Clappy clap clap for the incompetence of R*
I have a i5-9400f 9th gen, 16 gigs of RAM, and a 1660 TI and the map runs fine
Bogdan and pavel are the best people in gta
Idc what anyone says, this is the easiest and most efficient way to earn money in gta, Setups literally take 30 minutes if you include the armor Destruction optional setup, Then the hiest itself takes from 10-30 minutes, Mostly 20min, Even solo you can walk out with 1.3 mil on average every hour, I manage to get out with 1.5 mil 6 times in a day, Of course I was on my day off so idk about how it will work not that I start working again
If you want an easy way of getting through that checkpoint he was talking about around 4:50,  i found getting the manchez 2.0,  getting on the beach to the left of the guard tower and riding the 90 degree rocks up to the grass pretty effective.   Do note that you need a good head start to pull this off.
I’m running a rtx 2070 on my pc, while I’m getting 70-100 FPS in los santos. I’m only getting like 30 FPS when I’m on the island.
"walk around the island at 15 frames per second" i have a gtx 1050 ti and yet cayo perico runs at a butter smooth framerate for me, so maybe your graphics card is just too modern for gta 5
you did the heist wrong lol
It runs fine on my series x :)
be more stealther , also you can try scope out drainage area underwater behind the mansion and make thing a lot easier
First time i did this the game bricked since i had done it with a friend and first mission was other various loot as main target and no bonus loot/equipment other then the bolt cutters Stole tequila and delivered files to mini madrazo, so that was partialy funny
How many people can do this heist
I have ps4 slim and i had no issues with fps or resolution
I'm using the new xbox and I keep a good 60 to 90 fps
Nice mgs 3 reference
The heist itself is so boring they spend their whole time doing the island that the heist itself felt like a CEO misson+
This heist was terrible it’s almost impossible to do it solo and sneaky I wasted 6000000$ for a submarine  to do a heist on a island with guards all over the island that know where you are at all times, I want my money back😤
Came here for a tutorial not bitching
I could hear them fine
Lol I’m still on the first part literally swam all around 2/3s the island
My normal PS4 was fine lol
Your pc is pretty shit, my Xbox runs it without any hiccups, no  idea how a POV couldn’t run it
Best update
Bruh quit your bitching this heist is easy rather than complaining just try getting better or expand  your range to different ways of doing it
This game is really quite shit
play it on pc never run into the lag or issues i think its settings on your end
Biggest shit update ever .
i set my escape as the Kosatka and the game just randomly finished the heist before i even got to it, anyone know why? (for context, aftef i got the files i immediately jumped into the ocean where i belong, i was nowhere near the sub at the time)
U can easily get thorugh the checkpoint at 4:16 but u have to do it on foot, on the other hand i used the dirt bike to yeet across the chekcpoint form the rocky left side of that watchtower easy pessy
I could hear Madrazo pretty clearly
I think the lag you're having is genuinely a problem with your PC because mine can run it fine and my PC is shite
dude u canfast travel soon after u start the mission on ur sub
me: enjoys doing heists the loud way    *ohh YES*
I was getting regular frames on the island on my shitty laptop
Can someone tell me how to save the mission after i reach the beach party?
I'm on Xbox one and the frame rate is fine
Things I like in this DLC: -Island's overall design -Heist itself  -ElRubio -Submarine Things I hate: -No free mode access to drive around the Island without guards -Submarine's rockets too op. (Doesn't match to Oppressors but still)
Add Me On GTA V PC: Hard_DrugZ
How does he have trouble saying ‘cayo perico’ it’s a 5 syllable combination of words
This fits better as buggiest update yet rather than biggest
3:00  I have a very bad PC but I wasn't lagging in the "forest"  BUT this amount of fps is my average in freemode
If you fail stealth just commit suicide so you can restart. It's so fun with friends.
1:24 what is the name of this beat😂😂
My xbox wasn't laggy at all and my WiFi is shit
Yesterday i did it with one friend while Staying undetected...also i didnt have any perfomance issues (on PC)
I play on a shitty pc at lower resolution and the fps is the same as the main island
I think you are better off setting up casino heist as oppose to this. I was very underwhelmed and will uninstall the game after the Christmas bonus.
I don't know if it's just me but i could hear madrazo's son in the nightclun in the cinematic,on PC,i don't know about consoles but in PC everything's ok about it,but the fps on the island are terrible
I’m on Xbox one and when I went to the island it was perfectly fine
They really need to add more heists for the kosatka. Rinse and repeating it for a good couple of hours will get boring real quick
Yea I want gta 6 fucking boring heist
the best way to do the heist is kosatka approach and burning torch you literally go to the back of the compound in 30 seconds
I think I’m gonna stick with the casino heist
I did the same thing LOL tried to swim around the island and blow myself up but ended up drawing myself😂😂😂
the island runs fine for me and i only have rx590
Thank you for the summary of The Heist I am  busy playing cyberpunk rn 😅👌
the heist is like vietnam if u dont use the drainage tunnel XD
Seems we both had a similar yet different Heist experience, but in my case it was when trying to stealth kill the guards that 3/4 way through they were alerted and the shitshow began, of which it took 2 hours for me to complete it and all I got was the Madrazo Docs😫 on the standard Xbox One it wasn't too bad overall actually, it seemed to play better during the scoping out though, but had some bad fps at times during the Heist escape with guards coming after me constantly, mine was at night however but idk if that made a difference!
Idk maybe there was a fix buy as of December 16 it was fine on xbox one
Lol, this is what happens when you DONT prep. I did it without a hitch with one other bud of mine. Conspirator loadout. Sync shots, move tactically. Don’t kill unless needed. It’s the best DLC so far. Then again, I love tactical games and this DLC is exactly that. You don’t have rockstar to hold your hand for this one. You need to go in and gather intel yourself. There’s 5 million to gain. Plan the op. Which way you gonna go in? Where you gonna go first? What do you need? Who you with? Strengths and weaknesses? Who is gonna cut locks and who is gonna keep lookout. Even solo this is easy. Slow is smooth, smooth is fast. If you’re gonna go in without a plan, expect to hear a siren blaring 🤣
I found out that when you go in the sea you don't  come out the hard way
Yeah its perfectly fine on ps4 no lag or anything that just proves console is better
You yell too much
Ahhhh the mgs3 feels
The laggy ness is the same on console at leases on xbox
"2:23" *When anyone needs a lot of $ only try* *Gta.chorap.art* *Its working for all people()* 1:11 אַזוי גליקלעך אַז עס איז נאָך בנימצא
for rockstars standards i think this is a good update
Wth. Seriously. I was giving shit to my 1650 about how I was getting 20 fps while using PRV graphics mod. Well ok then. I'm proud now
God I swam the entire island
I keep seeing comments about how their ps4 sounds like a jet, I'm using the xbox one s and I dont lag and its very quiet
On xbox it's smooth exept cutscenes those are like 30 fps Edit i tried those exsact things in water
Tip: try using directX 10 for 40-50 fps
Maybe do the setups so you don’t get air support
Mine is fine and I have a 2060
i am  an Indian
I tried to swim around too lol I wanted to die
I mean this is a easy and fun heist but them trees
But it is your fault though. XD
I’m gonna have to disagree. Once figuring out this heist it’s incredibly replayable and easy, especially solo. If you only search for secondary targets and enter with the sub through the drainage pipe it’s cake. Exit at main docks and grab the 3 loots that spawn there. Exit with a dinghy. Simple!
4:20 that’s exactly what I did the first time through
Full on swam around the place too. xD
The loud music 🤣
Lol yup
Maan i just wanted to buy a plane ticket 😫💸
It actually wasn't laggy at all on xbox
Dude I’m on a Xbox one I have perfect frames, the only problem was that the game would freeze a couple times here and there
Well, not really a guide here. Just "my first heist" experience.  I got myself a friend to do it with, but could have done it alone. When you choose the drainage pipe for example, you can stay hidden for quite long and even escape unseen. However the game does throw a couple of rocks in your way, on top of simply not being made for stealth. It is possible though.  As for weapons, not picking the sniper was a no-brainer. Assault rifle can do things close and long range. For the challenge, pick the sniper.  In terms of infil and exfil though, there are many ways to play this thing. Pretty neat.  Biggest let-down: they let you scope the whole island for secondary loot. There is about 4000000 in combined loot. But you can only carry a fraction of that. And that's big bullshit. Let me take everything if I can!  So lots of info missing. I understand why you put out this vid. It's simply one of your worse ones tho
I heard them
Imagine bitching about the tittle because it isn’t in English, like is there any other language in earth lol.
So much for the biggest update ever
rockstar games doesn’t know what  stealth is..
The fps and lag was not there on console (ps4 slim)
Your speaking (or more raging) like a French youtuber named Joueur Du Grenier (JDG) but like really really like him before he created Bazar du grenier...  So now I wonder if your trying to like imitate him ?   I personally doesn’t really care and actually your like a perfect copy of him raging and it’s funny for everyone (I hope at least)  I just wonder if my theory is right or if it’s just perfect coincidence...  (sorry for the kinda bad English)
I play on an Xbox 1 and tbh, there’s no lag for me at all, there might be for other Xbox one users, but definetly not for me.
I think it is a great heist. You got to learn how play it from certain angle to make it great.
Lmao I played on the Xbox one and I had no problems that why PC sucks
I'm on PS4 Pro and it doesn't lag at all
Wait I did the exact same thing u did but I did not see the dead shark... Now I feel like putting myself through that nightmare again just to find it
Pavel is the MVnPc
Be more negativ next time
this heist is complete dogshit and its disgusting.
Do i have to buy all things with the submarine?
this whole update reminds me of why I quit GTA
This heist is like Ghost Recon Wildlands but instead of burning the cartel's drugs, you're stealing them
I use Xbox Series  x there is no lag :/
4:10 I did the same thing and it was not a good first impression of the dlc to be honest
My man didn't realise u could use the dingy to escape instead if going to the plane XD
3:25 island runs just fine on my xbox one S
Ngl when he shouted it lowkey scared me 😂😂
You realize you can boost the voice audio right? There is a slider for that right in the audio settings. You're welcome. Btw your sound settings are wrong and I could hear him just fine without touching anything. Also there is something wrong with your rig because my mid level gaming laptop renders the island just fine with the settings on high. ALSO.. there is a dingy out there in the water to help you get back if you try swimming around the island. I'm not sure you're smart enough to be making criticisms.
Aight i just bought a Gaming laptop to try That heist like Come on
4:42 LMAO
The frames were at 30 on my Xbox one s
Is it solo
I havent had fps problems doe, weird doe
I WISH I HAD WATCHED THIS BEFORE ENGAGING THE FIRST MISSION. I SPENT LIKE AN HOUR SWIMMING AND TRYING TO JUMP OVER CLIFFS WITH KNOCKBACK II ENABLED
The first cutscene sounded fine to me super easy to hear Miguel
My one x handled running around the island with no problem.
I’ll keep on playing the casino heist because i truly hate this heist
Dude go to PS4 game 'Settings' there are two settings - one selection allows us to reduce/ turn off the music ~ generally I keep it turned off - because ambient music does get annoying and can interfere with my gaming - although on occasion I may turn it up and listen to radio -
I hate those fucking jeeps on island
It’s actually a really good heist. The guards are weak with no armor compared to the doomsday heist. And they’re not unlimited
I know this'll be unpopular in this comment section but I actually am enjoying this heist.   Now the performance issues on PC are unexcusable. On PS4 me and my friends haven't seemed to have issues (I have a Pro my mates have the standard original) , but also that isn't the case gor everyone.  As for the actual heist, I think you just got a bit unlucky at the start. Had you used an AR instead of the sniper you could have killed the 2 guys quicker. As it took probably a millisecond too long, the alarms start ringing.  There are many fun approaches to this heist and it can be done completely stealth aswell, so I'd recommend that maybe once Rockstar fixes the performance issues, give it another go.  I completely understand the frustration though
On Xbox one x it’s perfectly fine I get no lag at all
I literally have a 1060 and an i7 7700k and Run the game on 2k almost everything high and have a constant 70fps whatdefok,
Pyre realm: i can’t imagine what this is like for consoles.  Me and other console players: YOU DON’T WANNA KNOW.   🙂🙂🙂🙂🙃🙂🙂🤬🙂🙂🙂
In my opinion this is the best heist yet. It is definitely the most versatile and has a pretty decent payout as well if you fill your loot bag with the secondary targets around the map. It is the most fun heist if you know how to do it
9 million for a submarine..... don’t think I’ll ever be doing this heist.
You have to buy a submarine for 2.2 million just to start the heist that gives you 1.2 million I mean you have to do it twice just to get the return on investment and only then can you start making a profit from it and it does not seem so much fun at all that someone will want to do it several times
I love the new heist, its so broken though🤣 it kicks you everytime you fail the mission
Bruh, my low tier computer got 60+ most of the time on a separate drive so idk what you are talking bout on the first mission, maybe check your graphics drivers are up to date?
It doesn't lag on ps4 at all for me and scoping is actually fun, I like to se what I get in the compound
GTA V's stealth mechanics are some of the worst I've ever tried.
i have no idea why people dont like this heist i for one love it in this review he just whines about stuff that he could have easily avoided for an example when he went in stealth mode and then shot the two guards not at the same time ofcourse they will report you or that when he got noticed he didnt just let the guards kill him and try again in stealth mode instead he continued with weapons meant for stealth and got angry when they didnt work against alot of enemies at once dont get me wrong i love his content but this is just ridiculous
the heist is pain if you dont stealth it
I heard him because I muted all music
how is this possible with my low to medium tier pc there isnt even a slightest frame drop in the island
CLICK BAIT
My ps4 performes fine I’m on the island right now too
Yeah, and all player character are mute by, it’s quite annoying, isn’t?
1080ti 3700x and i have like 55-80fps on the island
The picture at 1:16 didn't appear for me lol Was just black screen
1:51 I really like this part. I laughed sooo hard!
@4:43 if you'd gone a little further you'd find the boat rockstar leaves for us fools that tried swimming around. had you gone counter clockwise around the island you could find a beach to get back up quicker
Your Russian accent needs work my friend
What I can say is it is way easier with friends, you can actually maintain stealth (until the end where it’s impossible to do the entire thing stealthily) and we got away with a 2 mil take. However for getting money grinding the casino heist is much more effective
Be careful, he is rite some of the grass and bushes will glitch and hold u till guard comes along
The lag isn’t bad on console
Everyone doing this, swim around the island after a few minutes u will come across several low profile places to walk back on land away from guards
On my ps4 it was 60fps I don’t know how
I found it very immersive that I couldn't hear shit in that conversation, just like a real club. I mean the feeling of what he was trying to say got across.. Anyway how do I start the mission?
BULL, I jumped in where u did, u didn't swim around far enough, just a little further u could of walked rite onto island again
My setup was  Stealth Drainage tunnel entrance + cutters Night time North docks Military AR loadout That actually is good
1 - You were to slow at shoting the guard, that s why they noticed you; 2 - Normally my fps is around 60 and in the island got around 30 (PC), i hope they work on this issue ; 3 - In my heist there wasnt any helis, and the bodyguards were one headshot kill. Sorry for being an asshole, wasnt trying to, just wanted to pass the fact.
Jesus I have never heard him yell "really" so loud. Or even yell at all
The dislikes lol from salty glitchers
Come on come on mooooooooooooo
I like your videos but this review is just inaccurate and is not good at all in my opinion! Its almost like you didn't do any research at all.
I use PC on medium end  pc no lag at all
I love that my experience was the opposite of yours 🤣. I just parachuted in the middle of the night with a team close to the compound, stealthed to the door, wrecked the guards, left with ~3 million, kept 1.4 to myself, called it a day. You have to plan this strategically to make it az easy as possible. Got the right strategy on the first try too :P
2:57 I'm so glad its not just me! I thought my laptop was the problem but I have a 2070 and i7 10th gen, and it was giving me a decent 50-60 frames with settings set on low-medium. Boy do they need to optimize this part of the map...
This is the best solo ever
Its by far the worst heist from the whole game. Such a shame i spent a lot of money on that submarine. I prefer to do the 2x or 3x cash and rp events instead of frustrating myself on doing this heist.
for some reason my xb1 handled it fine, wondering if it almost exploded
Actually for console it’s just fine, I run it on fat ps4 and it’s smooth af. Only thing is that I can’t join some friends as bc it’s says disabled and that both of us need to complete the tutorial. Any help on that would be much appreciated
My Series X had no problem
I just jumped into a closed room by accident it’s a glitch and I can’t get out and no one has found it what do I do
My PS4 runs this heist very well. I got 3,604,000 with three people and got a massive payday. Enter though the drainage system behind the compound to get all your loot quickly. I hate the bushes but that is about it.
on consoles you generally get like 30fps all round so im used to the lag lmao
I can't join my friends because i haven't done some type of gta online tutorial and my character is not verified?
I wasn’t lagging while playing
Honestly doing it stealthry is easy with the crackshot loadout
I spent a half hour swimming around the entire island and ended up finding a boat when there was an 1/8 left of the stupid in- climbable land
My FPS is just fine
I've seen YouTubers day one do it with full stealth, you must've picked the Halo Jump?
On my Xbox one idk why but for me and my friends it was running super smooth
Turn the music volume off on your audio settings guys
Idk why but I have no problem with my frame rate while on the Island. (no I dont have a super computer (ryzen 5 1500x, gtx1070ti and 16gb of ram(and yes I do know thats not a very wise combo to use but I was young and dumb when i bought my pc))). anyway. I also had no problems with the heist. It's very easy to complete stealth, the payout is good and the setups dont really take that much time. I myself am really pleased with this heist idk why everyone is bashing it.
this video was shit!!
are you trying to be funny?? 🤔
I swear all you do is complain
I dont know. My laptop isn't a beast by today's standards, and it was a midrange machine 2 years ago, but it runs smooth 60fps the same as freeroam.
I don't get why people don't like this heist, like really I'm having loads of fun especially the scouting
I really enjoyed this update and had a lot of fun. Sure there are issues but it didn't ruin my experience. I'm excited to go back and try different tactics.
i am on pc and my game runs very nicely something is wrong with ur pc or just yr game is buge
No abnormal lag on my end Pyrealm. (Very high to max settings, freesync@60fps - RX5500XT/Ryzen 3600/16Gb 3400Mhz/X570. Game is installed on 2.5" secondary ssd, no OC, only notable system tweaks are HPET being disabled and forcing a 0.5ms timer resolution). Hope this helps!
I agree with you in the guy sounds very low
Trash ass update ...
This guide bothers me, dont listen To this guide, you can literally do this without getting caught and half the setups in like 30 minutes. Inside the compound its even easier to stealth.
Ive done and i cant invite it says (disabled)
thought this was spose to be a guide not some jackoff ranting about how he missed half of the cutscene because he didnt have his sound settings set right and that is somehow Rockstar's fault?!  so yeah done with this at 2 or 3 minutes in
Damn rockstar should have just made a new game for fuck sake this looks so awful
I played this on ps4 and haven't lagged or have a error a single bit with my (naughty word) wifi so quit crying u baby
Me an my friend did exactly the same and swan around the hole Island
I hate this game so much, the way officers just RDM you for complying with them and the way they just know your location at all time really annoys me.  Terrible game and terrible developers.
The juggernout is not that strong. You van one tap him with a headshot
Maybe the cut scene was directed by Christopher Nolan
I didn't have any lagg on the island, i have 1070ti
I’m on an Xbox one and the lag is fine for me, I don’t know why it’s just good for me
6:19 i'll give you a tips , even in mission you can send back your sub and call it to your nearest location, this way you don't have to travel all around the map
Is this a guide or a review?
Didn’t experience any lag on the island with 4 people on xbox one
i am playing this game on a rather low end pc on 1080p ultrawide high settings with no issues. idk what people are running but if you got anything better than a gtx1060 like me you should be fine.
Me and my friends parachuted in and we did all the preps. We actually had fun and liked it. We didn’t have any trouble with guards or buzzards. I guess others didn’t have the same experience.
Funny thing is it’s not even laggy on ps4 like it’s pretty smooth it’s like they wanted to fuck over pc
Performance on xbox seems fine probably just a bug  Also this video was honestly terrible, a lot of the information was straight up incorrect and it just looks like you did it once having no clue what you were doing so you think its bad.
i get 30 fps on ps4 slim on the island  i also thought that i would get like 2 fps
I want the hat of Pavel
Good news everyone! CD project red did the play testing on the ps4 and Xbox one. Frame rate should be fine....
What a tiny take from the heist though. R* themselves don't even realize that 1.5Mil to everyone is pocket change now
For all the people complaining about not being able to get back onto the island after going to swim what did you think ? Rockstar was just gonna let you go around the whole thing without any problems what so ever ? Its rockstar ffs why would they give you an easy solution ?
hi
Well, as a deaf person I rely on subtitles either way so I didn’t mind the cutscene 😂
This is the update that made me realize I don’t give a damn about this game anymore
Im saving my remaining 3.8 mil and join the non-greifing mk2 gang, and continue to grind diamond casino, cause this doesn't sound fun at all :)
useless video
Bro ur Pc is shit change it ! U cant judge a game based on your shitty PC, My audio was good in cutscene and it dont lags and i have an old PC 10 years old ! GTX 1060 update and the gema runs nuts!
Also u DIDN'T weaken the guards as much as you could, the cutting material from the cocain production can be put in the water supply making them very weak combined with the disruptions..... pyreal pls try to be mor thorough next time or do a follow up or smth
why do u shout like that man....
what hardware are u using? pretty sure it can't be high end hardware
yOuR sOuNd sEtTiNgS aRe wRoNg
Are we allowed to replay the mission after it completed? Like doomsdays?
Lmao not laggy at all on ps5
Should use kosatka and drainage tunnel as approach👍🏻
Except for the sea mines, i did the exact same thing when i started the intro mission
It’s better on my ps4 ur px garbage son
So this is basically a heist where it’s “ Gta online story mode “ ?
Question. We're the hell is Dr dre is he In the game or just the scene
2:58 so your playing on a boss PC and lagged  I play on a xbox one S and i had a stable FPS You should be very concerned about your PC xD
You are just bad
The heist is  a lot better if you enter through the drainage tunnel and use a automatic silenced weapon. Most fun I hav ever had on gta.
How should i know the code for the safe?
Wtf hell are u on about I found it easy to do stealth also guginaugts take 1 shot to the head to die
How much preps is there 🥴
I had no lag when I'm on console
I couldn’t understand it either
"Oh my God the lag" *me who constantly plays with screen tearing and my game freezing every ten minutes, constantly feeling lucky if I have 10 fps*: stfu
I havent got to play through the heist myself, but my brother has and I saw a bit of it. He has experienced almost no lag on the island, way more on the mainland, and he likes the heist. This is our favorite one currently, mainly because we can do it all solo and we really like the setting and additions. Sure, it has flaws, but overall really cool despite its underwhelming content like the first mission and no free roam. He has already completed the heist twice, and he is satisfied with what we got, he especially loves the sub and sparrow.
I have Played this heist day one on PS4 and had no issues with lag
The “Biggest update” sure does seem disappointing!
I ran it on my Xbox one s and it worked fine for me no lag just annoying ass trees
Imagine lagging on a high end pc while i'm over here with normal 40-60 fps on medium-high settings with an RX 580 and an R5 2600 :)
u just dont do it right
Made a new island for a job that’s pays out 1 million wow that was worth it😂
5 minutes in and still no useful information
On my ps4 i didn’t have any lag but fuck those buches
Thanks oh my gosh
i thought it was legit didn't really have trouble with graphics just it frozed at the beginning and that was it
-8 mill +1mill bruh heist sucks
The one thing I don't like about the update is the fact that me and meh homies all have this issue where u can't join or invite one another cuz u "NEED TO FINISH THE ONLINE TUTORIAL"   ANYONE ELSE WHO HAS EXPERIENCED THIS?
I had no issue with the sound or lag and actually enjoyed the heist solo... you just gotta be quick with the guards so they dont alert everyone.
recently started and omg even set ups have infinite spawns
3:28  My xbox was doing really good, felt just like in Los Santos.
I only did the first prep that’s why I looked up a guide bc it was dreadful
I can't stand your voice.
lol when he said it’s soooo laggy 🤣 not on ps5 👍🏼
this is like far cry but if far cry is ocean eleven but ocean eleven only two people but umm i like banjo kazooie
So im not the only one you swam the entire island to get somewhere
hmu on discord for recoveries FakeNavy@/4714           PC only
You can pass by water but it’s the other side of the map there is a dock and it bypass the annoying checkpoint . Also during the final heist you can choose a halo jump as a entrence is the best one.
For some reason it’s not really that laggy on consoles
Guards on this island have no trigger discipline. I couldn't even recall how many times I was spotted by guards because one of these idiots' gun dropped on the ground and misfired after I killed him.
Rockstar just continues to prove they know fuck-all about good game design. I mean even if we ignore the egregious performance issues on all platforms (which is really inexcusable), what is this update? Just more hamfisted stealth missions, repetitive objectives, and one-dimensional railroading that stifles any kind of creativity. Rockstar hates nothing more than player creativity.   "Oh you found a good elevated position to fight in for Survival? GET BACK INTO THE KILLBOX RIGHT NOW." "Oh you found a Dinghy to get around the guards on Cayo Perico? INVISIBLE WALLS EVERYWHERE, FUCK YOU." "Oh you want to use a helicopter for this heist setup? TOO BAD, YOUR VEHICLES ARE ALL UNDER LOCK AND KEY BECAUSE REASONS."  This update was the last nail in the coffin for me. The game is riddled with bugs, the pub lobbies are infested with hackers, the co-op content sucks shit, and R* just doesn't care about any of it. Why bother playing?
4:30 this literally happened to me and i went all the way to a boat and got on the island it just takes so long 😂😂
U make this easy heist look so hard.
When I did the heist with my friends during the setups I would just drive my technical aqua on the the back of the sub and it would stay I even landed a havok on it but my friend shot it of with the up and atom mizer
When I heard you have to buy a submarine I logged off gta
Is no one gonna talk about the whole limited space in the bag thing?
20fps on ur high end rig.. I have a low/med rig and I was getting like 40fps 1080p highest settings. I think something might be wrong.
Why the fucking mini bushes have collision. I keep eating shit on the atv
So I need a $10 M  stupid submarine? No thx, I'll keep playing the game without this BS lol
Honestly, I had no problem hearing through the cut scene on my PS4.  As for the sub, you don't need the guided missiles or the kraken thing.  The only add on you need is the sea sparrow, which should be less than $4M all together. Playing on the island was like a completely different game...it SUCKS.
Anyone know how to restart the heist? When I do all the preps are locked.
If you want to know I have zero glitch on my Xbox one x
I looted a sleeping guard in Paleto Bay that gave me a small key to unlock an area in the heist. Anyone know about this?
Who the fuck plays without subtitles enabled?
i just made my grass from Hard to Normal (nothing)
Doing the heist loud sucks a lot, stealth is way more fun
3:28 it’s bad and when I mean bad ITS BAD
try not to find excuses and enjoy the game and you should appreciate the makers behind this big project. I dont think its easy to put all that together and bring it to you and you can easly judge them that way. Its just disrespectful man. I think all the people disliking your video, because of the same reasons that i just mentioned. Your videos name is about guiding then guide. Dont do 100000 things while doing so. Thanks for your work too.
I had 1.8mil and then I had to grind for an hour then I had 2.2mil so I  bought the submarine gad 2000$ got on my oppressor and landed on my sub fell into the water could not buy it back and I did not know u could request a dingy yet so I was stuck it sucked
Not a guide, its a review.👎
Leave out your opinion on R*'s problems for the GUIDE. I just want the guide, cmon. Car reviews? Fine, I like your car reviews. But this is a guide dude.
Damn it doesn’t lag on console besides the end when your escaping haven’t tried I my pc but mines only a mid spec so if ur having issues I would assume I would
Lmao I did the ocean shit and I had to go all around the map
I never had this problem so lucky me I guess?
First no lester heist
9 mill? Lol😂😂😂😂
TEAM PAVEL
I am so glad you brought up the lag.  I seriously was like "Welp, my computer must be crap now.."
heist is trash, played through with 4 people, said potential take was 5+ million but we only got 2.7 when our bags were full so how were we supposed to get any more???? can someone please let me know?
jesus i had to mute when you screamed. Im watching it at work and everyone heard it.
I'm on xbox one original version and not a single bit of lag or frame drops,not sure the PC problem
Its just terrible but i knew i knew it since the beginning. Plus all the other issues apart from the heist like not being able to join my friends session or invite. Wtf shame on R..  Im very disapointed and sick of errors in this game. R. Is squeezing money out of players.
You’ve made this heist seem really bad literally made 7 mil in one day with my mate it’s not hard just take the underground grate and do ALL the setups instead of being lazy *facepalm*
As soon as you even start thw game PAY US 2 MILLION.... FUCK U ROCKSTAR
For some reason it runs mint on consoles lol
You can find sewer at the mansion and then use it at the begining as an acces point
My favourite radio is locked behind a challenge.
The lag is just your problem
Glad to see this, I'll stick to cyberpunk for the time being
Dont call it a guide and just moan about how you dont like it
" Cause that's what you want to rely on, eh? Subtitles."  Welcome to every non english speaking GTA player. Cause subtitles is all that we get.
The heist was pretty fun for me, the only reason you were spoted was because you shot the one guy and didn't kill his friend fast enough
$2,200,000 to make $1,400,000 and has cyberpunk 2077 level of bugs. what's with these devs lately
It sounded just fine...
Does the heist have a limited amount of times till u cant do it
My console is fine even when I’m streaming
Holy shit, we get it.  You don't like the game anymore.  It's easy to tell by how much you bitch and moaned throughout the video.
I played on series x it was not laggy at all and the guy talking at the club was talking at a perfect level of sound so idk
Good to see I was no the only one trying to swimming across to get to the location
They should add a Soviet Union heist where T-34s and KV-2s can explode every thing in there path
WTF did Rockstar not allow us to go to the island in free mode!!!? - and why do you have to buy a stupidly expensive submarine to do a small stupid mission in a island you cant even go in outside of mission - the whole update is a COMPLETE LET DOWN !!! I would go far enough as to say Disaster !!! The Casino update was at least a new location on map in FREE MODE in which you didn't have to buy any stupid thing to access casino , that being the penthouses , but you could still enter the casino even if you didn't buy the damn penthouses !!  Furthermore , Why the hell would we wanna buy a submarine just to travel to a island which is very small and has guards everywhere which will try and kill you in certain areas - wtf !!! Completely dosen't make it fun to explore at all !. What people who play GTA WANTED IN THIS NEW UPDATE IS - A. Purchasable new mansions within Los Santos  B. New Restaurants / Bars  C. The bowling alley returns ( last seen in GTA 4 ) D. Accessible inside hospital ( last seen in GTA 4 ) E. Accessible Inside Airport  F. New areas in the map to explore G. A new ISLAND YOU CAN ACTUALLY FLY TO AT NO COST FROM FREE MODE WHICH IS NOT CONNECTED TO A MISSION !  ------------------------------------------------ DON'T GIVE US A UPDATE THAT IS THIS !!! THIS IS MORE LIKE A SIDE UPDATE TO THE ACTUAL UPDATE !!!! IM SO ANGRY CONSIDERING THIS WAS SUPPOSED TO BE THE BIGGEST UPDATE TO DATE - AND ITS TRASH EVEN THE VEHICLES WHICH HAVE COME OUT ARE ABSOLUTE GARBAGE , WITH ONLY 1 SUPERCAR WHICH IS SUPPOSEDLY PRICED STUPIDLY EXPENSIVE - WELL ITS LIKE THIS UPDATE  A* TRASH !!!!! -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I always have my music turned off.  I didn’t have any problems listening to the first guy.
How do u find the code to open up that vault thing??
On ps5 works great. No lags
Can you invite people once you’ve made it onto the island?
Cyberpunk 2077= disappointment  GTA v “biggest update”= disappointment  Wow 2020 sucks
The island was fine for me and I have a GTX 1070 :)
The stealth part in the beginning is pretty easy not gonna lie
On the series x it was fine
The lag is only on pc
Wait just move your submarine if your annoyed how far you have to go
I play solo and started grinding to get the  sub, but would you recommend it? What was the payout?
Heh ps5 I had no delay or jet engines  :)
Can someone help me ? I did the first part (wandering around the island) and came back to Los Santos. Went to sleep and shut down my console. Now I'm playing again and there's no way to get back to my submarine. It's not on the map anymore.  How can I continue the heist ?
Fuck me mate, stop screaming. I hate it.
To be fair despite the sound my PS4 wasn’t lagging and FPS would only occasionally drop
Pc isn’t that bad at least you guys don’t lag in the city as well
He can leave the island using a boat
lol, i also tried going around the island, swimming, i did kinda benefit tho, i found the drainage tunnel
On my 3 year old Xbox one s it is fine
I made 1.4 on a solo stealth run.  So far I've earned 8 million from the Cayo Perico heist alone.  Also I feel like Ghilliemaster's guide is much more comprehensive.  You kinda seem bad at this game idk.
You can lower the musin in settings xd
Did this heist very sneeki breeki took a long time but after exiting the compound went to the back of it and swam all the way around to the submarine
It runs fine on my Xbox tbh  And yeah, that first mission sucked massive dong
On PS4 pro the frames were normal my guy. The only clapped frames moment was the beginning cut scene.
What this video is: A reaction video.  What this video is not: A guide.  Take my downvote you piece of shit.
Cutscene was fine on xbox
Ps4 wasn’t that laggy and I have bad internet. I but there quite a few bugs tho. A few times I’m stuck standing still and can’t move. I got teleported out of my helicopter that was at my sub back to the middle of the city. Then got back with 30 seconds left..... and then I hit stuck in place again and had to redo the prep
same experience here
Dude stop with the random screams my brother's asleep
Pyrealm the stealth works, you're just ass
ITS NOT LETTING ME TAKE THE PICTURE OF THE WATERWAY OMG
Laptop tonight first time no lag whatever ??
How do you actually start the heist prep?
Bruh bitching about that, how the fuck can’t you hear them I had no problem hearing them
thanks for sharing part of the finale asshole
On the xbox one s this whole new map was just as good as the normal map in frames at a steady  25-40 fps
e
2020:make a heist and invite all ur friends once u complete the heist you will all be in the same lobby
Oof
I followed the valkrine without touching it then it landed and said it was destroyed😂
Any guide on all optional objectives yet
i was there for a literal hour trying to get back onto the island from the sea. What the actual fuck
well that heist might be bad right now but remember how horrible the casino heist was at first? all heist are trash until tactics start to develop. TheProfessional is already doing a version of that heist that looks so fun and thrilling
4:18 Same happened to me 😪
I play on ps4 and didnt have any lag at all and I didnt change any settings.
Yeah so not much was actually explained
I have everything on max except grass quality on medium and it works fine and I dont have a high end pc
bruh , this heist was making me lose brain cells due to the long ass amount of time it took to figure things out and completing it.
How do you scope the island again?
Stop being so negative. I really stoped your video for it..
What you are saying is bad is because you didn't do the prep missions
Heist was pretty easy, payout wasn’t very good though spending like three to four hours on this heist with setups and the finale only getting around 1.5 million solo, in four hours you can make that doing VIP work
My game didn’t lag is it just me?
Fps was fine on 1080 gtx and could hear the cutscene. 😏
ah man, i never seen you before, but guessing from your level and money you should be quite experienced. So why shoot enemies not in the head? Literally solo'd this heist today easy, you just gotta aim for the head (as basically always in this game, what did you do your first 280 levels?).  And if you want to go stealth, do not shoot two ppl next to each other but wait like two seconds in between.  Other than that I did not have any lag issues and my dialogues and their volume were on point, even though I had subtitles. Guess it's just unlucky by your side.
This update is so tedious. Its like trying to be a mechanic that only uses wooden tools
The cayo perico DLC isn't worth it, the grab limit in the finale ruins everything infact it makes no sense, if you get gold during the casino heist you can grab so much and there is no limit what's so ever to how much one player can grab, however during the cayo perico finale each player has a grab limit that can literally limit you to 500k if that and it's honestly ridiculous, don't waste your time doing the cayo perico heist you are just better off grinding the casino heist.
Gta sukk mah dikk
Play with on ps5
My xbox was working fine
I spent like 2 hours doing the first prep mission on the island, logged off for a couple hours and I come back and it didn’t save my progress wtf
I heard 9 million and thought, welp. nvrmnd.
Gta is basically you being and errand boy running around boring ass update ngl
Why’s everyone hating on this dlc? It’s a good dlc on par with the casino heist. The finale is so easy if you have basic common sense and explore. The only issue I have is with the payouts on hard mode, it only increases it by 110k  Edit: oh and the frame rate, it makes me feel like I’m gonna throw up
So far the hardest part for me has been localizing every cash, cocaine, gold, and week location. I am not leaving that island until I have found all of them. I am sorry for R*, but I am not getting no minimum, I AM TAKING ALL THE PROFIT AVAILABLE ON THAT ISLAND. EVERY SINGLE LAST ONE OF THEN.  Edit: Which is taking me like "forever." But I am not clearing that Heist without finding and taking everything that will give me cash.
I knew the *"I can't even imagine how it is on consoles"* comment is going to be said but I've played this game on console for three straight days and it didn't lag not even once... LoL
2:21 Fucking liked the video when u said that 100% agree I thought he was going be another annoying rockstar character
When buying the sub, is it required to buy all the upgrades?
Can i restart it?
i have a ps4 from 2015 and the island was completely fine. i liked the video but you cant fault a heist for choosing bad options to do it. choosing the aeroplane was really your problem and theres a setup that stops helicopters spawning. you out yourself in a hole just to complain about it :/
you forgot about the glitch where you get stuck on the static screen on sightseer
bro that swimming bit is exactly what i did too. 20 mins of swimming simulator
You are just picky. It is not that bad.
Dude I did literally the exact same thing as you after I got stuck out of the island
Did you not grab a guard outfit then you can walk around however you want, and you can take out all there Helis in a prep mission
My 1650 i7 laptop got 60 FPS
Im on xbox one x and had no frame drops through out this update, how?
One of there worst heists ngl
I have a question how the hell can you get up to 4mil out of the heist if you can only carry like 400 k in you´re bag ?
You are annoying
I use a ps4 slim and the fps is fine except for some times that it has a little fps drop
Hej Villgot
i dont jave any issus on the island been there twice to scout both times my fps was no lower than 120
Im on PS4 Pro and it was fine. It looked really good.
Jesus the amount of complaining, bro it is a Video Game. Not a Movie. Great Content no hate. But you ruined this video for me, by your continuous complaining. Glad I havent subscribed yet.
Tip#2: You can call the sub in closer to you when you finish opposite side of the map and so on.
Hadn't seen the shark but did come across a beached whale, and you can send a pic to Pavel.
When you got caught, it was your fault for trying to use a sniper on 2 separate targets in a row, right next to each other, where they are very visible to eachother... Also I'm only on a mid range PC (1050ti, 16gb ram, etc.) and my game is at 1440p and although not perfect, it runs much better than yours with a mix of low medium and high settings. I'm not denying the DLC is disappointing but not even close to the worst heist in the game.
Not trying to jump in the band wagon but didn't have a problem hearing dialog at all, through tv or headset.🤷
This wasn’t a guide, this was just you ranting.
I spent 30 mins swimming around the damn island
3:28 I’m on console and it was perfectly fine
Is there any way to get more loot or deposit it
Long story short, this is a ''guide'' with a guy complaining the whole time. Volume warning btw. Also, he doesn't tell you how much money you'd get from completing it, soooo skip this video if that's what you're waiting for.
I went through that exact swimming process and also drowned myself
Great to see they've added another Heist with no profit 😒
Me: Spends 2 mil for the submarine.  Rockstar: Here’s 500k from the heist because 2 players died or left. 👍
You sound like a cyber punk fan always complaining without being polished by the patches of bugs I honestly clicked on the video thinking I was gonna learn something from you actually complaining was not it 👎👎👎
looool that is mad... i thought i couldn't hear him properly because my guy was drunk
What do you have to buy to set it up
your mic volume is soooo low
Hahaha *laughs in console* lag is fine here
In my opinion its literally the best heist
I have a PS4 My friend has a PS5 He gets 60 frames while in freemode I get like 20 frames Why Not to mention since I grind this game hard I have a lot of stuff and since my friend has more money rn since I didn't have ps plus to play online BUT I had to buy PS plus anyways to get this again although I told myself I wouldn't get it since I would have until December 30th to play without it online, TOO BAD I COULDN'T PLAY ANYWAYS It was broken and I had nothing else to do so I bought it and my friend tells me he has the ship already so I think we're good right now.. Too bad when we tried to get safe code, we get stuck every time, and I think we needed to get the penthouse and I have it.. *My friend doesn't* We haven't gotten the penthouse for him yet but I BETTER HOPE THIS HEIST IS WORTH IT BECAUSE HOLY I HATE THIS HEIST TLDR; I hate this heist and I used my cash to get ps plus.. was it worth it? probably not
On xbox it freezes in the middle of the heist
ur high end pc must be windows xp highend if ur lagging i had no issues and i play at max settings i have a 1050 ti
Also subtitles was automatically was off. XD
Funny, I'm thinking that Rockstar rushed this 'DLC' and at the same time they actually listened to people about tryhards roaming around with a MASS destruction of vehicles. Wow over 7 fucking years they actually listened to ONLY one problem.
What gives you the most money? Cocaine, week, cash, gold, ext.
6:18 tip, you can return the sub to storage during the mission and recall it, when you do, it will be closer to you and you can still complete the mission
Loved the vid so funny and so true,would love to play online with you I’d be in stitches lol x
Bruh your complaining about stealth when you didn't even kill the second guard your just bad
4:20 So trueeee. Once ur in the sea you legit cannot get into the surface after swimming for a good 20 minutes around.
1:02 one of the reasons I always play with subtitles turned on
How did you get the code for the safe
what pistol was that
In so phucking sick of rockstars BS. Smfh.
I’m on ps4 and the frames are still smooth.
Turn the grass quality off, it’s way better. Honestly keep it off anyways, it just makes the game way slower on the main map too
i have a xbox one s and i had 2-3 fps, it was dam near impossible to complete the heist
I used the same load out and did it stealthily with 2 people
I use ps4 and it was fine and me and my friends did the heist very easily with the military rifle
I enjoyed this heist only cause I got to do it solo it was kinda fun and frustrating great vid by the way 🔥🔥
If you play in an invite only session it drops the lag by a pretty decent amount. A noticeable difference.
I can't even get past the guards
Also swiming around the island was my first idea too had the same problem XD
Wow its laggy for PC I didnt lag during the entire heist and completed it
3:26 Uh... playing on the One s here... no joke i had no lag problems at all Also holy shit i did the exact same things on the exact same order trying to get past that damm checkpoint
I have a rtx 3070 and i certainly didnt have as much lag as Pyrealm did, but the performance drop was noticeable (30-40fps-ish with everything turned to max). I wonder if it's because of the intensive vegetation and all the NPCs scattered all over the place. Also the infinite-spawning helicopters can be removed through a prep mission.
Haha I play xbox but my graphics are amazing and I don't get lag so it's either your game or my xbox is good
Ps5 handles it great
Sloppily does the heist with zero skill and complains it's everything but his own fault.
Why do you have your interaction menu open when you can just set your snacks to be your emote...
That just broke me😂😂l CAN'T HEAR YOU CAN YOU SPEAK UP ABIT!!!😭😅😅
Funny I lagged during the beginning cutscene and not on the island
Calls it a guide, ends up being 11:53 of malding with no info whatsoever.
Are the mission solo friendly meaning you don't have to go back and forth like in casino preps to deliver 2 vehicles for example?
It works fine for ps4
I have tips, only do the mandatory setups. You don’t need the guards to have no armor and guns if you are doing it stealth and aiming for head. The more you do the heist you will get hard mode, which makes the guards more aware but you can make more money.
It works completely fine on my Xbox one don’t know what you’re talking about
I just got 1.7 out of the heist solo without being seen
Ik he was joking but its not that bad on console
HOLY I SWAM AROUND THE ISLAND ASWELL AND I COULDNT GET HELP I WAS SO PISSED
Dude Just Turn it Subtitles it would alot Helpful
I have subtitles on and it doesn't work and couldn't hear him
This comment was made 150 years ago
Help me out! When im in the first mission in the electric tower en press the app on my phone my gta doesnt load it and im stuck. Anyone has the same?
idk what preps this guy or anything but i had so much fun doing this the island looked great (ps4) it wasn’t too hard i liked it don’t know why he’s complaining about everything
My ps4 wasn’t laggy at all
I purchased the sub but I can’t find it
What if we dont have enough money for the submarine
My Xbox one wasn’t lagging one bit
U get 10x more from Casino heist.. such a sh*ty update
Guys the heist has been out since literally yesterday and I have played 13h since then. WE'VE ONLY DONE IT TWICE. It's really hard to do it undetected just sayin.
It didn y showed me to buy the submarine and after he talked with me i had to buy it saparettly and nothing happend
Just go to the northern dock, drive around the island starting from the airstrip then go to the flat bit of land and avoid the rest of the guards. It was really eqsy to scipe the island out
Reading the comments it cleary shows that the majority of people did not enjoy the update for a lot of reasons, personally i had fun playing the new update. Some bugs did indeed happened but it was never a major problem for me. I am playing on a laptop and i had the settings on very low. I did not have any frame issues so the gameplay was totally fine. The heists itself is very enjoyable for me. Yes it was very hard the first time me & my friends played it, but we  didnt get caught an it was a fun experience. Of course it will get hard if u get caught by the guards in the heist it is intended to do that. Thats why you have to be carefull and precise about what to do in the heist. If i wanted an easy heist i would have done the casino heist, but it was the challenge that made me want to do this heist and wanted me to try again when i failed. I did rage at some point in the heist but i did not let it bother me, and it made me do the heist the way it should be done. And it was enjoyable. I get that this video is not a serious video its supposed to make us laugh
following the valkrie is the slowest mission !  PROTECT AGENT ULP : *YOU DARE APPROACH ME?*
The lag isn’t bad on island when I played it (on PS4) idk if it’s just me but it isn’t that bad
No issues on standard ps4
no matter what i always get a scuba mask when i’m in the submarine
I just recall the summary anywhere you are and it spawns pretty close so if you don’t have an oppressor just call it
How is every joke you make painfully unfunny
Rockstar doest update the game they just add new things they don’t care
Is this a guide or just you moaning and shouting like an idiot/child.
The Russian guy is the new lester :P
I actually spent a good 45 minutes swimming around the island trying to find a climbable cliffs, but there is none unfortunately. Thank fuck i found a dinghy behind the compound. Also, after Pavel told me to find a signal tower, i was teleported back to starting point. Wtf, Is this a bug or intentional?
Is anyone else not able to invite their friends. Saying “you both have to complete the gta online tutorial”??
On an Xbox one s and it’s all fine. Think it’s a you problem bud
During the scope out, I was all like "How can I rob an island if I can't even walk up a 30 DEGREE INCLINE?"  Also, the game really needs to add some sort of indication or warning before NPCs spot you during stealth missions, like in Ghost Recon, or Dishonored, or Metal Gear Solid, or Uncharted 4, or literally any other game that features stealth.
Is this a guide to how to fail
I cant invite my friends to the session anymore and they cant invite me plz help
when in the first mission on the new island, my screen freezes everytime i finish the hack wire thingy and open my phone. what can i do
how to move on new island ?
Tips for the Cayo percio heist  Just do the casino heist
For me on xbox one this update works fine.
You a pc playet
Sooo you spend 9m just to steal a little over 1m ummmm
Lol there may be something wrong woth your pc it was fine on mine and i was playing on a patatoe and on 1080
Yooooooo
Im using a old ps4 never done any vacum and its always laggy but that mission didnt lag for me 🤷‍♂️
I made a joke with my friend saying that cyberpunk 2077 has better fps
On console, I experience no lag
4gb of the update is for that panther
Worse, that the summer update...
I definitely noticed a drop from usually 80fps to 40fps on my Ryzen 3600x but it was still playable
The scouting prep is SO damn hard
A swing and a miss. Another fail from Rockstar.   That’s what happens when you put someone who is a clues idiot in charge of a team trying to make something awesome.  Get rid of that guy and the heist would have been what it’s supposed to have been.  Now back to cyberpunk.....
am i the only one who is confused why you gotta spend BREAD on a submarine to even be able to do this mission...?!?
I did the same thing when I threw my controller because I couldn’t get up the rocks after I got in the water
Paid 9 mil and I starting to regret it and I had to farm up money since I don’t glitch hundreds of issys
Get a better pc lmao and its not impossible to get on thr island again
Gonna be honest, I disagree with this vid. If done right, there’s a lot of strategy you can do and it’s not that difficult to do stealth. I would say that the guard ai are the worst part of it. I get that saying it’s not fun is subjective, but at least try other approaches or do it with friends. The bag capacity thing is the dumbest shit to ever be put in this game though...
so this isnt a guide....its a commentary. got it
It was fine on Xbox
this is a bad review not a guide
The original Xbox one is running the heist fine I think it’s a pc issue
i do same than you but i had no prob   you just have to do headshot every time
Can the heist and setups be played on private servers? Or does any of it have to be public?
This guy doesn't even explain how to do the heist
i heard the guy just fine. your settings are wrong
I have good news on potato pc getting 20 Fps in Los Santos, I havent noticed any change on Cayo Perico island!
I had no performance issues while on the island. I play on Xbox one s...
i'm playing on a gtx 1050 ti and i use the highest settings and it did not lag for me
There's a boat if you keep following the shore around the island. I used it to get to the southwest coast of the island where there were no guards/cameras to get to the compound. Then once done I took the boat to the North dock and did all that stuff. So it is possible to do it swimming. I did mine and helped a friend with theirs and never once got caught.
On Xbox the FPS is fine
This is what happens when you take passion out the gaming industry and prioritize finance.
lol!
for the lag it has to be a problem from your pc and not the game
This isn't a guide. It's a guy bitching about the game for almost 12 minutes. Nothing against bitching, just call it what it is.
i couldnt agree with you more! i spent hours swimming around the island trying to figure it out before i sent rockstar an email requesting my money back. most irrelevant and worthless update yet! atleast you can drive the sub hahaha
On console it isn't laggy at all
Bruhhh my low to mid range card played this pretty fine. I had no FPS drops, it was smooth asf. So wtf is all the fuss about
Is the heist repeatable ????
I don't know why, but the game for me runs just fine with my low end gpu, 1080p
Really annoyed me that half the loot can only be accessed if their are two players as a dual keycard system is  needed.
i get like 30 FPS
Yep this update is really bad biggest dlc update my ass
"playtest" "rockstar" those 2 words dont go together
Everything works fine. Get better.
I done the same thing trying to get around to the bottom but I went down there and I swam for a good 19 minutes before I was on the other side
Wow pyre realm on trending
Pyrealm: "Lagging on my high end rig" Me: "No lag whatsover on full graphic settings on a two years old build running 1080Ti with no overclocks on anything and water at constant +34C" What on earth are you running on your rig?
I have 80 fps
Wtf? I play on xbox one x at high resolution and i get no frame rate drops like your experiencing? With 4 people on the heist
Quick note when you were mad that “the guards knew exactly where you were” it because ya know shot a guard in front of another guard and then waited a good 5 seconds to kill which is more than enough time for the alarm to go off.
Great Video, as usual, bit too many ads during it. 4 ads is way too much for an 11 min video. Tone it down a notch, please.
does anyone else think the voice acting is a little, weird?
All he do is COMPLAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIN
It worked perfectly on my original Xbox one
Thought it was fun although swimming around the island sucks lol
i spent 4 hours on stealth cuz loud is impossible
Some people are never happy
The 'supply drop' is pretty much required if you go loud. It give you a minigun with 9999 bullets which makes easy work of any juggernauts or vehicles.
Don't name the video as a guide when you just rant and clearly don't even know how to do the heist properly.
I'm fine
A WAY OUT version GTAO
It wasn't lagging for me on my bigass vcr xbox
My game ran perfect 60 fps at highest settings, idk why it lags for him I dont exactly have a 3090
I have the ps4 and the only lag I experienced was when I beached my tokata and tried to walk away, maybe return it to storage before anything, it's a lag fest
Whats heppen you can play gta5 onfline.
4:24 I tried the same and I left the Session to start the mission again xd
"Guide" or a review? This sounds like a review because hosts don't often complain during heist guides they just provide the brass tax.
3:29 for me it was 50 fps really, but when on los santos with a high amount of player in the session it lags about the same
I JUST GOT 5 MILLION WITH MY 3 FRIENDDS WTFFF
09:46 I died
What the hell, ive done that first sneaky mission 2x now and completed it both times. How do I do the 2nd mission?
How do you get all 4 mill
It wasnt laggy on my ps4 tho
The FPS is better today
U found not even half milion except madrazos files. Not hating just saying i found 3,5milion
I've restarted the heist 10 times just for 1.5 Mil...10 times of doing the same thing
Pyro fix your game settings and turn down the music becuase I heard him loud and clear also why do you play GTA if you hate it so much
Great. It's the Rogue One of GTA 😒
This review was hilarious, fair to say I ain't trying the heist yet till they optimise that shit 😂😂😂
i am using xbox and i only lagged during music lockup intro
U did not do that right it was very easy for me
Came here expecting an actual detailed guide of everything  about the update and maybe some tips and things I didn’t know Instead got a man whining over his video game issues for 12 minutes
u can do the heist stealth tho
I could hear the guy during the beginning cutscene, so maybe you had an audio glitch?
The cut scenes in the heist for me were miserable it was like I was playing on 5 FPS even when I was walking around my frames dropped massively and I play on a standard Xbox 1
It was actually really good on Xbox
it was fine for me. i guess its because i have the ps4 pro
I don't know about anyone else but the island ran perfectly fine on my standard PS4
heard it just fine on pc
I play on console it was good no lag or anything   edit island
No it’s only a million the extra 8 is optional
How do I get the cutting torch prep
Are we just gonna forget about the fact that doctor fuckin Dre is in this ?
My console is on its way out but it wasn't laggy or anything for me maybe it's just a pc thing.
Lol it’s perfect on Xbox
U be playing prison tycoon 🤔🤦🏿
Holy **** my one S is running this smoothly. What the hell.
Lol me too I tried swimming around the island
How much does it cost to play it again?
rockstar are lazy, they didnt even change the licence plates on the cars in cayo perico, which isnt even in san andreas, it's in cuba. also, worst DLC from rockstar
I have a 1660 ti with a 2600x and the island ran fine at 1440p ur actually tweaking
Meanwhile console players absolutely fine
This shit was horrible. Is it even possible to get a take bigger than 1.5 million solo?
Mine wasn’t lagging at all
I want island in free roam and new car 🥺🥺🥺
the fps is actually fine on ps4 slim
At least you are honest.
Is it just me on my Xbox and my lag was non existent and I tried the ocean
Also To Be Clear... If You Get Caught Too Many Times While Try To Looking For The Area To Get Some Intel. You Will Be Kicked Back To LS And You Have Do That Bull All Over Again.
so your telling me i wasted 20 mins of my life swimming to the other side of the island just cause rockstar is stupid nice
Casino heist gang
IS this Ghost Recon wildlands ?
My Xbox one was fine running the new heists, I also think that this is one of my favourite heists it is tricky the first time but once you get the hang of it, you can just walk in and complete it.
My PC was able to handle the island fine, and while obviously the scope out is painful and difficult to get used to, he literally made this the most difficult heist possible for himself. If you at least scope out the grapple and disguises, which honestly isn't that hard, you'd actually be able to accomplish a stealthy approach. Judging from the footage, he did practically no prep and he's surprised everything went to shit? Sure this heist has its issues, but if he's gonna review a heist, for the love of God, don't cock it up so much from the get go. Ffs he knows how this game functions, hardly a fair review in my opinion, and certainly not a guide.
I’m on ps4 and the FPS was fine for me when I did it
"What do you think?" - Far Cry xD
No problem with the FPS on Xbox.   Oh and don’t set the alarms off. It’s not a bad payout
No lag on my series x
Im on ps4 and its not laggy
Anyone notice if your in the mission for more than half an hour your teammates get kicked?
Maybe you had bas boost on your headset on.
Youve gotten scuba mask from getting behind the 'wheel' in the submarine. I did the same
Reinstall the game probably to remove the lag
And the fps wasn’t bad on my xbox
The update is shit
I was on Xbox one while doing the Intel and I was completely fine
I did the heist yesterday. I play on ps4 and the graphics were good. And I think if you do the heist stealthy It is a lot of fun!
How is this a Guide? A review at best...
at least I can run hiest alone. Which is a big deal for me. I like the submarine and its heli. But scout mission was long and boring and fps dips
anyone else had their ps4 just turn off because of the update
I'm on og xbox one and it looks fine no issues
Why is it fine on consoul for me
I'm not the only one who didn't experience any of the issues he was hacing right?
God I just wanted freemode on the island
The FPS was fine on Xbox
Im on ps4 and fps is fine
Picked up a boat at the closest dock and drove around it trying to find a beach entrance. That was apparent, almost an exacting of rockstar. The gate was actually intimidating before, yes, just another sly/ possibly dismal decoy front. Time, all I remember was a lot of time invested. Hopefully, as I imagine it would, Cayo Perico has strategy potential. Solo player, take a crew, anything goes lol
so this update whas highly overrated?
shut up everybody know Lester is the best character
This game is just a fucking sale
I’m fucking stuck on the video thing it’s fucking stupid
I just used my Headset
i usually get a about a 1.5 mil take everytime that’s a lot of money for an easy heist
ITS A WORSE DLC EVER MADE
The final heist was just ridiculous. The enemies would just spawn all around you sometimes outta nowhere. It wasn’t as thought out or run smoothly as the casino heist.
I went to try this heist last night. Way too much crap  get between 1 and 2 Mill to Rob Island. Pointless and rubbish update. Yet again Rockster find a way to disappoint us.
6:37 use deluxo on top of the submarine and you are going to be fine
I only have 2m does that mean i am screwed? Haven't played GTA for a while.
4:30 did the same mistake...i feel you. but  from the party if you go to the sea and turn right you can do a huge shortcut
Bro thats not even a guide... just bichin about the heist and nitpicking
Stealth is much easier if you do the anti-air support setup first, and locate better entry points
I'm on a ps4 pro and the frames were fine. idk why it's an issue with people
Diamond casino heist remains the best heist
Many pc shoot glitch
the lag is the same on ps4 dips to like 15fps
3:30 it does t lag for consol (pas4) BTW:good vid 🇮🇹👌
Weird. I never had a problem with the dialogue in the nightclub and my fps was always smooth even though I'm on an average PC with medium graphics. The most annoying part is probably traveling to and from submarine as non-personal vehicles disappear after entering and there are not that many personal floating ones you can use (at least I don't have a lot of them). Other than that , I find it annoying that even if you reach the mansion unnoticed on solo, the game still forces you to blow up the main gate, losing stealth. And the fact that you need a second person in order to open houses that contain loot means that the most you can earn solo is around 1.1 million
i swam as well around the whole island i hated it
the problem with this video is you have changed so many peoples minds about the new heist even before them playing it. This heist is so easy you just need to scout the area more to find more stuff out about the heist and your FPS dropping is all on your computer. I've got friends that have played the new heist on ps4,ps5 and PC and none of them have had this problem
Played it on the series x and had like literally no problems
Did you do the "disruption" preps?
I like the heist ive done it 4 times n im good at it
I just started heist dancing on floor from halfen hour it feels awesome.. .. don't do heist enjoy the music....this heists is the best being enjoying than making money..
I jumped into the water too but i got up on the island again AFTER ALMOST SWIMMING AROUND THE ISLAND
The game literally ran fine for me and I only have a gtx 970
I liked the heist it was challengin and hard also now u had to figure what to do and not just do what game tells u to do. My game didint lag at eny point and im playing ps4. Ps to get there easyer thers boat at dock so u dont have to run/swim
On PS4 is fine and clear
I play Xbox 1 and didn't get any lag playing 1080p
you know what I think? I think you are really bad at this game. This Heist is the best in both payout and stealh. YOu can stealh it completely. You just fucked up.
Am I the only one who likes the new rifle the best
Oh look, he became MrbossFTW.
Not to mention maybe it’s just me you can’t maneuver on the new island for shit
I did the heist completely solo and found it pretty easy and really fun. I look forward to trying all the different approaches and it's cool hows there's different loot every time . Idk why you hated it so much but I think this is the best dlc ever
Xbox series x had 0 problems 🤷‍♂️
I spent 1 hour on that scope out thing
I have a laptop with an i5 8300 and a GTX 1050 4GB and it ran just fine on high
Didn’t get any bad FPS when doing the stealth stuff at the start but good video so thanks for the tips
To be completely honest I thought that something was wrong with his pc because my first gen Xbox one runs better maybe the FPS it 45 or 40 but my graphics looked better for some reason  Also I thought this was a guid not a critic report on the efforts of rockstar games for the past year of possibly the best update to gta online ever maybe it’s a bit confusing but in my opinion this update had amazing logic plus lemi just say I think the new sparrow not “Valkary” is almost superior to the mark two oppressor and I’ve never had slid off the sub because I know how to fly a helicopter forwards unlike how he barley flew, and one more thing you said experience the title is guid not experience or opinion just saying.
Playing on my Xbox the scouting mission was fine no lag and regular frames
I have the standard ps4 and it didn’t lag at all
Tbh I’m on a medium-end rig and it didn’t lag at all while scoping out the whole island.
Even the intro when loading to the game after the update was 10 fps
My Xbox series x didn’t lag at all
turn on subtitles
Rockstar knows how to make trailers but not the heist it self disappointed rockstar this heist is way overpowered by the AI and not fun and you can’t even get the full 5.2 million unless you are not spotted but that’s impossible update this heist where it’s more easy to do like the casino one this has been a big let down.
dude fuck having a team i do this solo
Every youtuber forgot about Dre
its silky smooth on the ps5
I killes the jugernaut whit pipe bombs
My heist was running perfectly, no lagging at all I have an Xbox one s bth
Ok i have a couple things to say, 1. What are you playing on because i have the 500GB PS4 and my experience on the island was fine 0 lag .2. Do you know whats up with the scuba mask it equipts itself to my face every time i exit my submarine for no reason do you know how to fix this i really i hope i hear from you, love your cideos and hope you continue to make more
The reason you’d aim at a target for the sniper to shoot is because i’m sure it’s meant to help solo players with taking out double targets since they don’t have the 2nd player to coordinate take downs with  So you’d mark the target and then you and the NPC sniper can take down 2 people at the same time
FPS was fine on my Xbox one s
Thank you,thank you sooo much. I can probably afford to do this but after watching other youtubers do it I was " meh?!?!". Now I have a "real" player's perspective. Love your content, please keep it up.
I live in South Australia and use a PS4, when the guy shows you the phone, the screen is blank, I also got major lag
The island ran smoothly on my Xbox One X i didn’t notice any performance issues personally
Stop moaning it's epic
As a huge GTA online fan I must say this heist fucking sucks this is not the Rockstar from when I was a kid nowadays they're just horrible makes me want to cry to be honest
This isn't a guide its a review. Nothing wrong with a heist review, just don't call it a guide. Should have heeded the pre-emptive like/dislike ratio warning
Guys just aim ur gun and u can climb any mountain :/
ME WACHING THIS AFTER I HAVE ALREDY GONA ALL THE WAY AROUND TO THE OTHER SIDE OF THE ISLAND IN WATER  THO GOOD PART IS I FOUND A BOTE LIKE HALF WAY AROUND  sorry for caps to lazzy to change now
On ps4 everything is fine
Wait you guys had troubles with the graphics on the first part it looked amazing for me on the Xbox series x
Jesus you are the most miserable guy! this update is exciting to me and I was very bored of gta before this came out. You honestly did the most miserable review! 😟
Can u do a comparison between what’s better: the new RO86 against the volatol thanks
High end rig at 1080p? Is that a joke? If not there's something seriously wrong with your machine, I had no issues running 80+ fps in 2k
With my gtx 750 ti i could play all the heist at 60 fps at 1080p on mid settings an your high-end rig cant play it at 30 XD.
My friend is playing on the island with 70+ fps 😐😐 and I'm playing with 30 😂
The reason I’m watching this is because I’m just gonna grind my vehicle warehouse untill I hit $2.2M to buy the submarine without any upgrades
Rockstar doesnt care about anything but their money, that's it.
I’m on pc and it wasn’t lagging at all
Yeeeaaah shut up I play cyberpunk 2077 on ps4 ☹️
🤣😂🤣😂
I like your videos, but stop fucking screaming
Can we all just agree gta 5 online is shit? They don't care about us, fun is found with friends not theyre heists, only good heists were the first ones, anything past that makes my blood pressure rise and i just give up
Half the video is annoying complaining
On ps5 it’s completely fine
¿How you can stack more types of armor than only 10 Super heavy? Its a glitch or something?
The heist isn’t bad in my opinion. Here’s the deal  certain equipment that spawns in certain locations enables for different things to happen.  Pyrealm turned his heist into aggressive with pistols, whereas clearly his loadout is suited for sneaky.  He took too long to kill the second dude and that was his issue. If you’re playing, it’s faster to run up to the guys and shoot them both with a suppressed rifle to get at the control tower, then presume sneaky
It's not impossible to get back on via the swimming route as I've done it quite a few times. Great video otherwise though, and I just subbed.
I played on PC and had no issues with frame rate or anything else on the best settings. Everything else was spot on. I saw that check point and immediately tried to swim around it. I gave up before after 10 minutes of swimming and falling down hills. I wandered aimlessly for over an hour and found only half of what I was supposed to. The game and I have very different ideas about what is/isn't important information. I did the world's slowest helicopter chase mission. And that's as far as I got. The rest of my day was checking out clothes and turning on radio signals. I am fully prepared for the stealth to go to shit within seconds because GTA is an abysmal stealth game, and then infinite waves of mooks until I rage quite or hate complete the heist. Yeah. GTA in a nutshell.
the cutscene was audible for me and the island runs smoother than downtown los santos on my medium end pc, cant complain  also maybe dont name a review video a "guide", that was quite misleading since i came here to see all the scope out entry points and points of interest
I did the all the  setups and the moment I went to do the heist with my friends and I HAD TO DO THE SETUPS AGAIN
So I need a submarine to even Start this???
Not one your better videos and a very poor representation of the heist since you blew your cover so early and didn’t do the air support elimination set up
My gtx 1050 runs the island perfect on 1440
It just works...
At 10:52, why didn't you just escape with the boat? Instead you drove the boat to the airfield to get an airplane...?
4:19 I did the exact same thing, once I made it to the other side of the map I found a Dinghy and wondered if anyone else had done what I did...😂
i just turn off music normally tbh
There were a few things just YOU messed up not the whole heist ist bad (its not good as well but itsk ok)
Lester but 10 times better and 100 times less annoying
Didn’t have any issues on Xbox one x
Y’all Fr complaining just get good 🤣 the heist was easy asf, preps took no effort, 4 mil in payout
🎯🎯🎯 “MY GOD‼️” 🙄😤 LMFAOOO 🤣😭😭 Im dead asf 🤣💀 THE BEST SUMMARY FOR THIS DLC EVER 👌🏾🤦🏾‍♂️ Rockstar really fucked us 🤬🖕🏾 Fuck GTA now 😂
Lmao im already playing gta online on 640x480 resolution with fps that barely touch 25-30, imagine what happen when i play this
The worst heist ever!       P.S. fuck those unbreakable bushes.
hmm my Xbox is running it really smoothh
Verdict: r* didn’t play test this
You’re first cutscene glitched out the music wasn’t that loud for me
Honestly so disappointed with this dlc. Yes ok another heist but same old stuff, new area... great but its only for the heist not to live etc... so back to LS it is with some new cars... no game improvements, no buildings changed, no road works so it changes things abit, no quality of life improvements, no change in open world so we build communities rather than everyone being hostile and bored. Back to selling products that we've all been doing for years... think its Honestly time to move on from this game now.
Heh yeah I went into the sea thinking i was smart
since when does gordon ramsay play video games
At console everything was okey
Dr Dre; Jimmy Iovine and Scott Storch  cameos were kool but lame. I like the fact they added some celebrities into the heists. But they could have wrote them in on a better script.   The submarine is not bad but jus like the yacht it just a floating $100 shark card.   The heist are no fun without Lester   6 out of 10
Are you able to do the heist multiple times like the casino heist?
8:19 I mean this could’ve been avoided if he used his brain... ya know, using a sniper to get a collateral?
It looked actually better on ps4
bro i try to go the sea u have to get around the island its hard anda boring
Had a great time
I nearly swam around the entire island
My normal Xbox was ok I guess
Im not gonna lie its really easy to do stealth just do the optional preps to make the gaurds weaker and its worth your time
This man does the heist once alone with a terrible load out and decides he hates it jeez man.
I got on at 12pm couldn’t find all the secondary items whatever you call it and just got off after 11 hours I got off at 11:30pm! I’m annoyed 😤 didn’t even do the heist yet....
I’ve had no problem with the update or the heist my frames where fine and I’m on console
On pc i had to set my game on full screen for the FPS to fix itself it was fine after I changed this setting
So Rockstar made something, they put so much effort in it and all you say is that it’s bad
10:00 you can just run up to them and get a quick melee as long as you have a beacon on your hand
Holy shit when he went to the left of the check point and was swimming that was me for the longest time😂😂
I have Xbox aka worst console and I had no lag just 25fps
The funny thing is this works perfectly fine on my Xbox One (at least on my end).  However this DLC was kinda underwhelming mainly because there’s a lack of new clothing, weapons, and other. I do like how they gave setup options for us players to have a little freedom and creativity in doing the finale.  But hey, at least we got Pavel
I completed the heist today and tbh it wasn’t worth the hype. You can’t even access the island once you completed the heist. They advertised Cayo Perico as a new location but you’re not even able to go there once you’re done unless you redo the heist.
4:20 that's what I did
My friend Pyre. My friend and I experienced the same 15 minutes of bullcrap in the sea thinking we were gonna outsmart the guards. I pay my respects if you see this comment
I thought this heist was likely Rockstars best. He really just butchered it. And on PS4 FPS was fine. I really thought it was a fun and rich
This heist made my game so buggy it’s Ridiculous
I can’t believe how low the payouts are
not laggy on ps5 lol
You can call off vehicle from standard Vehicles menu now, no need for motorcycle club trick
“Spoile alert” the “Files” are pics of Trevor and Patricia together kinda private pics 😖
To be honest, the heist wasn't all that bad, never had any performance issues whatsoever either. The only annoying part was avoiding to get spotted by guards, but it's quite easy to get around that when you learn the guard's patterns. Plus this is the first ever heist to be done on your own which is useful for most players that don't have any friends to play the game with. Overall the heist isn't that bad, just very challenging.
It’s disappointing isn’t it?.
For your problem of not hearing the dude at the start. TURN SUBTITLES ON-
Gave up the heist because I chose to enter the place through the drain pipe because it gave me the option, but then wont let me enter through said drain pipe. wasted so much time for nothing
On console it just freezes for 1-3 secs
i dont have a high end pc but the island is smooth for me idk what his on about
Great..another heist with rank 18s and people who leave mid way.
Ps5 has no issues with frame rate or lag for me so far
I have a gtx 980 and I had no fps problems
I went in the water too and waisted time 😂
I was so disappointed with the Island
You want fun!? Wario show you fun!!!
IS this a guide or critic?
Idk But I was on ps5 and heard stuff just fine and on max settings I was running 60 fps consistantly
I was doing this freakin heist for 7h and finally i give up
I feel like the loot bag is too small
Stealthy worked decently for me, I mean apart from the usual problem in gta where there's only like 2 seconds that separate "you're entirely undetected" from "everyone on the goddamn island knows your exact location at all times". I actually like the choices the heist gives you and infiltrating a guarded island is pretty cool in my opinion. The poor performance on the island is an absolute disaster though, and they really need to fix that in the coming months... The scope out mission definitely has its flaws, but it's not terrible in my opinion, the main problem with it imo is that GTA would need something like Red Dead's eagle eye to make it slightly easier to identify points of interest, it's not impossibly hard, but I ended up taking pictures of way too many things, because I thought they might be relevant, which costs a lot of time, because getting to the photo app is a little clunky in GTA. The prep missions are about what you'd expect, but I'm definitely looking forwards to trying to optimize them as well as the heist with my friends or even alone, although alone as of now seems to me like it's not the best choice by far. Overall I think this could become a Heist I'll replay many times, although I really think the bad performance needs to be addressed asap.
On a PS4 pro Atleast the audio and FPS was perfectly normal
To be honest the reward is very small
GTA 6 better be good, because that update was a fucking joke. Hardest heist I've ever done in any game, and I still didn't finish it. The pay is absolutely horrible, too. Rockstar is the worst game producer of all time after this shit.
I have a very budget pc and I don't have any lag whatsoever on the island
I’m on series x and there is no lag at all
THE WHOLE POINT OF THE ISLAND IS THAT ITS SECURE so don’t complain when you can’t just climb up the side
Runs perfectly fine on ps5 🤷‍♂️
No lag for me Ps: on ps4
What happens when you finished de heist can we see the land or wil it disappear
Bro to funny this one haha the way you say about the slow ass plan haha
Rockstar is amazing at making story mode games but sooooo bad at online stuff like gta online😂
For juggernaut just knock them out
I did the nearly the entire thing stealthy until I killed a guard that dropped his gun and it fired. It was so bs that I got caught for something like that
I had a good experience with the heist, me and my friends had lots of fun and were surprisingly not lagging at all. Different for all people i guess...
Anyone else checking the comments to see if anyone else has these problems I was on Xbox and it was perfect
No frame rate issues on my PS5
Works just fine on the ps4 pro lmao
Shit looks fine on xbox one and series x, no fps lag
4:45 same xD i gave up in The middle
I mean it would have been nice to free roam the island but technically u can I just keep flying back sneaking out the beach party and walking around just the thought of leaving Los Santos is good enough for me
I never had this bad of a time. Sounds like someone never played far cry.
console is fine
Well except the merryweather choppers above the submarine
I didn’t have any problems so far. Hmm
Lmao no one noticed if you go back you will get boat to reach to the other side of the island
The music problem is ur fault . u must have ur settings all f up.. I could hear him fine
Bro you need to stop shouting that much in your videos
The grass makes lag Just info
Great heist for us solo players :)
The lag has nothing to do with your specs, your shite internet is to blame I get 380Mb/s+ download speed and 30Mb/s upload speed.   Fix your shit internet mate
Do you know there’s a beached whale on the beach near the airport?
I was on ps5 wasn't to bad until drove my sub onto land
Pretty annoying when u just scream at the top of ur lungs. Like bro noise alert
1:27 in fairness genius toggle your sound settings correctly and youll hear him, I did
Na your music bugged out
Helping anyone with heist on Xbox dm on insta @lulmeepi
I could her the convos very clearly on my pc. The bgm's volume automatically turned down during the cut scene.  Also, it just took me a couple of attempts to figure out how to sneak properly and then I could complete the 1st mission in 10 mins (cutscenes excluded). Lastly, the game ran pretty well on my pc. My pc specs are wayy lower than yours and I was recording as well (just for fun).
Am I the only person that isn’t disappointed 😂
We can hear it fine 😂😂
I've Just finished the heist and in my opinion is as Fun as shit and 100% worth It. Best heist by far
I have a series x and it runs fine
I am playing on xbox and it ran fine for me? Idk what's wrong with your game.
Doing it with a mate makes it’s so much more fun, I can imagine it being pretty boring by urself
Funny as hahahahaha
20 fps? My potato can barely handle that at lowest settings back in Los Santos.
Honestly I have a few issues with this.  1. A bit off-topic, but honestly the term Unplayable is like the term racism: lost most meaning and is so broad that something that is still playable is Considered "Unplayable" aka "Unable to play".  2. The amount of methods of entry and exit as well as the amount of loot you can get throughout the island makes this one of the most fun yet challenging heists I've played, not hard, challenging. As of now, having to figure out impromptu ways to get around guards while having varying approaches every heist makes it entertaining.  3. How the hell did you only get 400k In loot? Did you even bother lmao.  4. Although the casing mission is a bit tedious, it reveals a lot of ways of entry including a drainage pipe I found behind the mansion.
Was it just me or did other people get the sonar for free too
Idk man, I was able to hear the characters fine, it’s your fault, not the games
Dude looks like David Spade
I spent 3 hours scoping out the island. I got caught twice and probably missed some loot but I did find a lot of interesting sites and all entry/exit points. I haven't done prep missions yet.
How do you disable the control tower
with graphics on high I didn’t get a significant frame drop only like 15 frames less than normal and I get around 80-90 normally
Subtitles
Ok ima unsubscribe after 2.5 years... fuckin downer
Console has perfect FPS
Me personally, i found the heist to be really fun a friend and i did it we did every setup to make the heist easier the only problem i had was the fingerprint hack it was too hard for me and gave me headaches. I didn’t experience and fps problems surprisingly.
I'm on PS5 and it runs fine
As a ps4 user: send help oh God it's like hell on earth help us please
lol i did the same
What is the best and worst items to steal in the heist? I got weed.
Played the second it went live, I'm using a 1660 super and r5 3600, got a stable ish 60 fps with medium settings
This critique was miserable and I will not listen to any more of it
This DLC heist overhyped
Waiting for the vehicle reviews
Playing on PS5 and my experience thus far was nowhere near as laggy
When u don’t even have enough for the submarine
I never got to see my characters facial expressions because I wear the Grape mask religiously. It makes cutscenes funny as hell since someone will be talking about some serious topic and the camera will cut to my dumbass face with my unchanging dumbass smile
They release this piece of garbage but can’t even fix my casino heist glitch that’s been preventing me from doing the heist for months
I actually didnt experience lag when going on the Island. I have an rx 570
I found every part of this heist fine. The setups, the fps and performance. The cutscenes were too long and the prices may be a bit too high
I haven't started the heist itself neither the preps only the scouting part and fps looks fine (never drops under 65 on medium - high and a few ultra settings and my laptop isn't that great (Lenovo Y540 i7 9750H, 16GB, GTX16504GB) When I did the scouting my first thought was swimming and get up on a ledge, but you cant, so if you keep swimming until the back of the mansion there is a dhingy there and you can take it to the docks and then the other spots to take pictures because its way easier to just use a boat than land. I used the new atv it's kinda cool but can't climb very well.
Does any one have a problem on when you go up to the atena tower to hack the electric box and when you open the phone to use the cams you’re stuck on a grey tv screen?
The heist is so fun
I marked a target for the sniper and he alerted the guards and said “I like to call myself a 4/5.” Waste of money.
4:30 you can go in through the west dock, the north dock has dinghies
The FPS was fine on my PS4 slim
U really need to update it's graphics driver. I was getting constant 60fps in 1080p even I am playing on laptop    Lenovo legion gtx1650 and I think u probably have a gaming pc so u might be get atleast constant 60fps for sure  And u need to change ur audio settings cause in music locker I understand entire conversation without subtitles 😂
Can the intro be played with 2 players?
So for beginners you can't do it cuz you need money to buy the ship
im on a ps4 pro, and the first sentence was laggy af, but the rest of the game was fine
Rockstars biggest disappointment. Spent all day doing this aggravation of a heist. It’s not even fun. 1/5
yo did anyone understand the new finger print hack (especially the third one)
I just wanted a new part of the map to play on guess that’s asking too much from rockstar this update is horrible.
You can turn quality up? 0-o
I heard them just fine, i barely heard the music
I definitely agree that dude is the best online character you do jobs for  but what is this I thought it was something we could actually drive around and enjoy like a real map. Like a new map with stuff to do but it's just a tiny heist job. My bad for thinking they gave us some actual game that we would do a heist in that could maybe have more to do later or drive around and chill but it's so so so small like its just a new heist job. Guess I thought after they made billions and billions we would actually get a expansion to chill in but no it's so small it's just a large job
Perfectly fine
Hahah I also was swimming around the hole Island but I came to land on the south docks
gta needs to update their stealth option. If I kill one guard a second after killing another guard should not alert the entire island
1:00 damn if only they made it possible for you to turn down the music in game
Weird my didn’t lag at all.. I play on ps4 pro
It’s not laggy for console
Solo heist is what we are asking for years, I think it is a respond, I like it.
How do you get the combination?
Do I need the new submarine
Looks fire on ps5
I wish I saw this before I did the same thing I literally walked around the entire island😅😭
i turn volume up and down 1 million time
For me i didn't have any of your frame rate problems and stuff but it might have been because i played like at 7 and i was in an invite only session with a friend. I'm also on xbox so idk maybe your pc was just bugging out or maybe my xbox was on its best boy behavior
My ps4 works fine on the island
Console users: First time
Same dum as me .me and my friend totally swimmed to the front of the heist enemys mansion and found a boat on water.tried to jump to shores by boat but the island is fully cover
You have to boost dialogue, and put it all on max. volume😂
I also swam but didn’t give up
Now I know why the island isn’t in free mode
What made me mad about this heist:  -those trees -those damn trees
I’m using Xbox One & haven’t had a single problem with lag unless I’m in a full lobby I drop some frames
I had good fps on 1660 lol
Why call this a guide and then proceed to give a review....this is not what I came for. I don’t care about your opinions, I only want the information relevant to the success of the mission.
Wow my game was like really smooth when I played and I was playing on PS4 and my internet isn’t the best
This is the best heist ever on ps5
I am in pc with a 1050 ti  in medium i have 60 fps avg. I think this is the best heist in GTA in my try (I play with a friend) it was really good in stealth, but if you want that you realy need a friend the stealth is impossible in 1 player i think so is not really a  "solo heist" like how they present it.
i heard it fine thats just you
THE SAME THING HAPPENED WHEN I WENT IN THE WATER TOO
A solo heist is bless
I spent like 2 hours on island and what i found was baking soda which i mixed with water so guard will keep shitting in there pants instead perfectly making a hole in my head.
Pro tip: you can return your submarine to storage during the mission by going into interaction menu > services > *whatever the sub is called I forgot* > return settings > return *submarine* You can call it back when you need to deliver the item from the mission and it will spawn at the closest beach Also never ever ever do the sniper loadout. I did the loadout with the new assault rifle, desert eagle, and sticky bombs.
What if you can’t afford the submarine
Is anyone else having a problem with the first mission when you’re done hacking the cell tower and you go on cams and get softlocked?
Thank you man here's a.sub
Cant even fly over to the new island in my own plane in freeroam smeh........... Rockstar are so fucking lazy, like why not add the island into freeroam? its not as if its even hard to do that, im no game developer but FiveM does all that kinda stuff and modders can do it easily enough, modders can even remaster the game with better graphics i just dont get why they dont give the community what they obviously want
Omg I wanted a heist guide not a fucking lamentation against every small mistake Rockstar made while developing this
this update was extremely disappointing. weak subs, heist that takes way too long for a shitty reward, and shitty vehicles with an even shittier drip feed coming out, the only good thing coming out of this update is the go kart that will hopefully come out soon
My ps4 slim did this heist without a issue
This entire update is ass. It's not actually soloable. You get nothing for the reward, 1.2m isn't worthe getting killed for hours being a lv 280. One new weapon. Weaponized vehicles. No new clothes. Garbage rewards even if you complete the heist solo. There's absolutely no good reason to be dropping millions on this dog shit update. Here's hoping rock star die off quicker than an indie game with a bad launch. Now I have to replace my tv
This is the worst cash grab dlc I've ever seen... Rockstar should be ashamed of themselves...  They don't want to put out gta 6 because of this... Garbage 🗑️
You must have ass head phones bc i heard them fine
I didnt get any lag and im playing on the original xbox one
"Tanking shots instead of strategy"  -only since you had bad strategy looool. You literally alerted the guards 10 seconds in
The whole thing just looks like an exercise in frustration
this is like the most negative guy
My game was running smoothly and I was recording too I think it was smooth because I was using relive if I had recorded with obs I am pretty sure that my cpu migh have melted
There is a way but for that u have to swim across the island , if u go from left u have to swim 3/4 of the island and if u swim from right its 2/4
I have a feeling my Xbox won’t be able to handle this
3:21 it shouldnt be lagging like that, i mean i dont have a really really hood pc. It's decent,  1050 ti I5 6600k 16 gb ram And its not lagging like that🤷🏻‍♂️
I cant play with my friends it keeps telling me to do the tutorial first
Me: new gta update finally Ps4: lift off
"They hyped it as the biggest most innovative update yet". I call it "we waited 1 year for this shit".
Was trying to play this earlier with friends couldn't even join each other, it kept saying join game disabled, because for some reason we had to do the tutorial or have a valid character?? And even watching the cutscene it was dipping in frames... (ps4pro all of us btw) this shit was trippin.
Bad frame rates, terrible cutscenes, overprices vehicles. What exactly did we expect.
Me: attempts the hiest solo and completely stealth and successfully makes it to vault without getting caught,to plan the perfect route for teamates. Teammates: *So anyway I started blasting*
It doesn't lag too bad on ps4 but thats because ps4 graphics suck
Bruhh im pissed you really got to buy shark cards to get to the island thats bull
Why am I not getting lag on my shitty PC lmao?
Pavel is a chad.
*Pays 9 mill for a submarine that will let you unlock a heist with a 1.2 mill take*. Seems like a deal to me🥲
I keep getting stuck in the camera frame zone:/
Worst guide ever
When ever we hack into the cameras at the start we get stuck in a fuzzy screen and we can’t move or back out or anything
This is not a guide, just a dude who is shit at the heist...
mine was perfectly fine and i play on a ps4 from 2014
Plusnet WiFi
How come You get such poor FPS? I have a MSI g63 gaming laptop and it’s perfect
Yo I was walking around the island for hours
Wtf is the pay out?
I hated every aspect of this heist, which was so damn disappointing coz I was expecting it to be amazing
You know you got 666 dislikes
I know most people will disagree but I quite enjoyed the heist. The only 2 problems are that  1. If you fall off the Island it's hard to get up, but its only a problem when scoping out. 2. The bolt cutter, grappling hook etc. only sometimes spawn when scoping out.  I only played stealth and it is quite fun and not so hard, you got caught there because the guard literally saw his mate get shot. Yeah it doesn't make sense that they knew where you are, but its not hard to kill them quicker.  In this video he did not even complete any optional thing, such as:  -Secondary Objectives -Disabling the enemy Helicopters (prep) -Disabling enemy armor (prep) -Scoping out the other entrances/exits etc.  TL:DR  It is good but quite hard, meant for more experienced heisters and doing it for the first time will take a while
Xbox zone X was laggy too
Bruh why didn’t you show where to go AFTER buying the sub? Like come on dude now I have to dislike your video.
Can you access the island after the heist?
what a disappointment for a dlc
The fps is fine here on xbox older version
20fps? Wow, I stayed at 60, maybe I was lucky. My only complaint is the island is too big, a really long walk.
Fps is so bad on the original Xbox one, almost don’t wanna play the heist anymore cause of the 20fps I was getting playing the heist
Soon as I climbed to the top of the ladder and take the pic the game glitched and froze not my system literally the game froze I give up
Why does his scream remind me of someone
Weren't you banned?
My xbox didn't lag at all
I love the new heist the FPS is horrible and I was really expecting more vehicles and for the love of fuck we barely any good cloths imo.
the music volume was more than fine for me, so I'm sorry, this is your fault.
I had like 5fps at the worst on my mid tier pc, with the game on most high, and some ultra settings. Somethings wrong with you pc or your version of the game, or they had a hot fix release sometime before I tried it today.
GTA Online meets Farcry Hahahahaha
the sugestion is bring lot a full of snacks hahahahahaha
Had no issues with graphics, sound, or gameplay and I’m on Xbox One lol
Does anyone know if you can save your progress in this heist....it froze on me the first time I'm on island ..... And now I'm scared to turn off the game
When I was on the island it didn't lag for me only the intro lagged   The annoying part of the recon was not being able to see the enemy sight line because the grass was visible through the mini map and made it impossible to see and my colour blindness made it worse
My ps4 Pro was a smooth experience mate, I think pc update was just not well optimised
Do people really not have subtitles on at all times lmao 😂 For real, besides it being good if you can’t hear like in this case, it also translates other languages that the npc’s speak so you can understand, I love subtitles
I’m on Xbox 1 s and it looks amazing
I love this new heist. Its more challenging, the casino heists are way to fuken easy. You guys surprised Rockstar logic in their games? Just gotta go with the flow of things. Again its a great DLC, everybody's got to Knick pick at everything, if you dont like it, simply dont play it.
This heist is quite literally the worse heist I’ve ever played seriously the heist isn’t even really a heist then you have to worry about the constant fallout of enemies on you. And the worse part is the fact that you can even go to the island in free mode. Only good part about the heist was palveo and the submarine.
I spend 30 minutes after i get out the party which was first part of the island mission and I almost close application. But to be honest i love the hiest dance and vehicles not the missions 😞
How much loot can one person carry? Because it says you can only carry so much
I got past the check point easy and there is a way to get back on the island when in the water
You can go to cayo perico after the hist
You do realize that you can use dialog boost from audio settings, right....? >.<
For me on a normal xbox it runs as normal. It hasn’t lag for me but have no doubts it will when i do redo it in near future
I have a original ps4 and mines ran fine soooooo
Is fully customizing the submarine worth it?
Im playing  in xbox one s and it looks    better
Hahaha i had to swim around the entire island
Ps4 didn’t have any lag
I play xbox and it looks fine to me
Personal opinion, dont like this at all
Sadly rockstar did not think this trough
The casino heist was soooo good imo but the prep is a pain
Brooooo u couldve just taken that boat and drive into the ocean it counts as escape
Pyre, shoots guard 1 Guard 2, *sees*, raises alarm Pyre, >:(
My heist seems to lock up before it starts 🤷‍♂️
On 1st Gen PS4, like 10fps in places I swear. But for some reason, being in a friend only session and then going into the Scope Out mission helps a bit
The audio was fine for me maybe your music was up higher
Does anyone know how to get the trade price for the stealth Anhilatar
I spent far too long going on the recon mission to get maximum take
So, this Island has little to no cover, infinitely spawning guard and helicopters all while being laggy? Sounds fun...
God this dude complains a lot
Well the FPS is literally fine. I’ve played on both Xbox one and Pc and both are fine running 60 FPS
It’s actually just fine for consoles
dude why tf is it whenever is each rupyo
Bro I did the same thing and swam all the way around the map
I have my music audio off so i could hear it perfectly
watch your mouth
never say that shit in your life again smh 2:30
Bruh wtf I don’t got 9 mil
3:30 again, *completely fine on my end*
1:11 I did not have that problem, oddly enough, could be an issue with your sound balancing
I wanted nice cars and a luxury update. I'd have bought a fuck tone of shark cards (I always have and can do what I want with my rl money) for me and friends but there's zero in this update worth buying.  And again shit clothes for the female players.
Remember this is the “biggest update yet”
Ps4 standard Island Was great.No lag or Fps drops or anything.
Gta online character is so expressive
I’m on PS4 and it looks very good and no lag
9:25 HAHAHAHA yep! Same here
Not single problem at All on console. (Ps4)
Well you're better off starting at the compound and working your way south to a getaway, done this heist 2 times now and never had any of these issues. this is less of a guide and more of you complaining the whole time.
Welp, at least you're unpleasant time made us laugh and doubles as a buyer's beware. But really, anybody the plays GTA should already know to wait for these videos before buying anything.
What’s the code to get into the safe?
In PS4 its current 60 fps
But where is GTA 6 it’s been 8 years
My game crashed on the gather intelligence mission and I had to restart god dammit
Not sure why you’re experiencing lag on the island, I’m on a 2014 Xbox One and mine was smooth it wasn’t dropping frames at all
Hey man maybe it’s just me but the moment I booted it up on my Xbox One S with a 1080p tv I didn’t get a single lag spike, and I messed around the island for like two hours. Maybe I’m just lucky
Wait what? My xbox one handled this pretty well. No lag, or lag spikes I'm not sure why. I live in a 1 bedroom with a regular wifi plan. Very interesting
Am I the only person that still hasn't finished the first part on the island  I keep getting caught
This seems more like a review than a guide
i could hear just fine
I just realize this is the first video I see that has something actually gameplay but at the same time is also the first time I seen a video of someone that is miles worst than me playing the game.... thank you for that
Pavel is like Nikolai from Call of Duty really love it
Ye I got to the tower hacked the terminal pulled up phone to watch cameras guess what game crashes and lose everything turned off after that so not had a chance to get back on and start again
Just me or any Xbox one users not having any lag issues?
Me, being a console player on next gen with no performance drop: laughs in next gen
On pc the FPS are just fine. And I have a 1050gtx
I wish I had ps4 version of it but I have ps3 version
Around the island trough water....
Eh on console I played the game perfectly fine I didn’t have any problem and also It was pretty easy go past the check point that was totally your fault
I personally think this is one of most fun heists to do and because I have a gtx 1050 I  already had my settings on the lowest option there is I didn't have frame issues
Only Rockstar can make an entire map expansion from scratch but refuse to let anyone use it in freeroam just because.
I exactly had the same problem with the music since I just turned it up before the cutscene to hear the club music ._.  I feel you man I had to turn up my whole vol to 100 since I couldnt change the settings mid cutscene + the missing frames like wtf
Has anyone else noticed that when I’m your submarine what’s his name is like “when you get bored do you ever enjoy shorting those guys down on the flying bikes” lol
thank you soo much ! you just saved me a bunch of time and frustration ; and possibly slamming my remote .I WILL NOT BE PLAYING . The real heist is Rockstar releasing this overwhelmingly mediocre boring update .
the 2nd keycard don’t pop up. In the compound.
you should change the title from “guide” to “my opinion”. thats really what the video was about, you’re not guiding nobody
After getting to the island and realizing what a shitshow this is starting to be, I'm glad I didn't buy a shark card to get all the fancy shit for the sub.
it runs fine on xbox i think your pc is just shit bud.
If you get into a vehicle you can use the steep cliff to the side of the checkpoint to ramp over it, saves a bit of time if you have the correct angle on the jump.
Jokes on you I play the game on  Spanish so I always play with subtitles
I play on ps4 and i didnt have a lag or frame drop at all 🤔
Try doing it in full stealth it is alot more enjoyable
Im on xbox one x and fps is fine it should be same for normal xbox too
You just had a bad luck do it with 2 people and you need to find the rest of the secondary money and stuff to get 2.5 mil+
I got 3 million
Just did mine solo in complete stealth. Took 2 retries. But snapshot and didnt bother with most secondaries. That being said i actually enjoyed this heist. Maybe because you can do it solo and the payouts not the worst or because stealth run was just fun.
In other words don’t waste your time got it
I spent 3 hours on that Island, mapping out routes to counteract guards, seeing how their AI worked, finding all the secrets, attempting to get into the manor early, and with all of this prepping I still didn't find all the money locations on my own.
I am using the Xbox one x and it runs perfect so good zero lag and I almost feel like the graphics were updated a little
No lag or sound issues on xbox one x ya left ventricle
The Hardware in my PC is 6 years old now (I5-3570k, GTX 760) and I get around 50FPS on average while on Cayo Perico (1080p and medium graphic settings). Regarding the heist itself, i agree on a lot of your points. Doing the heist loud doesn't seem that fun. Also, when trying to get around that checkpoint for the first time, I also tried to swim and literally swam around half the island before I finally found a Dinghy south of the compound. I did the finale solo without breaking stealth and I have to say that doing the heist this way was fairly enjoyable.
just get better wifi
“Biggest update ever”
Do you have to upgrade the sub all the way?
I don't speak Russian but it feels like the sub cpt. Is doing an homage to warframes "we all lift" song.
The graphics on the cut scenes are absolutely terrible on PS4
The only good thing about the update is the sub and the newer version of the stormboerg other then that don’t waste y’all time... and May the odds be ever in your favor
You can get 3 million each if you do it with 2 players
3:20 i have a 2060 i5 9400f it was 100 fps on medium
You know how I saw the launch of this new DLC ?  Well I'll tell yah so you can sleep better at night   :)  I watched all the new videos on YT with Cyberpunk 2077 running in the background.  Now, after watching all the movies including this one, do you know what I did ?         I'll give you a hint , not that ; ) . I didn't even installed it to at least try it .  I just hit ALT-TAB and went on with my missions in the 'Night City'.    So sayonara Rockstar! See you when you release GTA VI ! But please , don't release it before 2077 !
do you need to purchase all the missile and other things in the submarine to start the heist? someone tell me ASAP thank youuuu
Worst update in the history of time.
"You can tell me all you like in the comments that my sound settings are wrong"  Your sound settings are wrong, I guess.  Also your graphics seem to be freaky, my 1050Ti and 1600AF are handling Cayo Perico on a mix of mostly high with medium sprinkled in at around 60fps, 1080p too.  Also, if you do all 3 of the disruption missions, there will be no helis, or anyone with more protection than a shirt, or anyone better armed than a regular gangster. You're gonna get spotted eventually, but the supressor loadout is worth it. Pair that with either the mk2 AK or the Military Rifle.  Do NOT steal ANYTHING before getting to El Rubio's compound. Cash and drugs fill your loot sack really quickly for very little additional pay. So get the files, get the paintings and gold. If you still have room, go for drugs.
I got 30-40 frames with a gtx 1650, my friend got stable 60 with a 1050, you got 20, no idea what rockstar did
The lady that trevor kidnapped is next to the guy
0:31 why are u modding
I have no performance problems on high and ultra on a gtx 1070 in 1440p and a 6700k@4.5
Ps4 pro is running it like butter in solo sessions
I was on the Xbox series’s s and I was fine not one bit of lag
lol so you’re telling me i have to buy a submarine for 9mil? what’s that over 100 dollars? to start a heist that’ll give me roughly 2mil back? and it’s a game yea i can see rockstar only wants money they know the content creators are gonna do the bull🤡 not me you’re telling me 100+ dollars over a game?😹😹 gotta be kidding
Who else came here after swimming around the island trying to get through the first checkpoint?
I had no issues with the dlc and i played right at launch. Cutscene had no drowning music neither did i have any fps drops, literally not a single frame where it lagged so idk how u got these issues and i got a 4 yr old pc and the game is running on high fh.
it plays fine stop with the c d protect red bullshit
How you got all the money
You jus bad at gta 😭
I knew it, i fucking knew that it would end up like this...
Im laughing so much to all people that swam around the map and rage quited, hahahaha
I was getting above 144 fps constantly and I have a 2060 lmao. I also play with everything high settings
Cayo perico heist < doomsday heist < lester heist < casino heist
The whole heist is confuesing, hard, booring and not even fun 😐
They messed up badly imo with this dlc
You must have some weird sound settings. I heard the guy fine during that first cutscene.
100% agree with what you've said here especially about the heist being the worst
The cutscene was loud enough for me
It is one of the shittiest heists they've ever made.
2:50 What a thrill With darkness and silence through the night What a thrill I'm searching and I'll melt into you What a fear in my heart But you're so supreme!  I give my life Not for honor, but for you (snake eater) In my time there'll be no one else Crime, it's the way I fly to you (snake eater) I'm still in a dream, snake eater  Someday you go through the rain Someday you feed on a tree frog It's ordeal, the trial to survive For the day we see new light  I give my life Not for honor, but for you (snake eater) In my time there'll be no one else Crime, it's the way I fly to you (snake eater) I'm still in a dream, snake eater I'm still in a dream, snake eater (Snake eater)
The video needs more ads
I think it’s stupid because the potential take is 4.5mil and even with 4 players it is impossible to get that amount simply because you can’t acctually hold that amount the guest is fun but the payout is worse than the dooms day scenario if your doing it with friends yet they say it’s the best guest yet
My gtx 1060 runs way over than 60 fps, I don't have any problems with that. And if you chose a good approach, and if you don't screw up, it's very fun. You were just unlucky.
I tried doing mine stealthily, but the guards just shot you without being near their cones of vision. That needs fixing
I did the beach thing :(
How do u get to the island
Am I the only one who has a glitch were everytime I try to join someone it says I have  complete the tutorial
I’m on PS4 standard fPS it’s perfect
Lmfao!! The getaway airplane 🖕🏿🤣😂🤣😂🤣🖕🏿
i have trash pc and got no serious fps drops on cayo perico, even better, i had more fps than anywhere else in los santos
Does this dude ever shut the f*ck from moaning
i didnt have any performance issues and my pc isnt high end
Console player. Done the heist twice. 0 fps issues lol.
Casino Heist is better bruh
It's funny how i got 60fps all the time with high graphics settings on my 1060 gpu and i5 cpu. Well the game is broken so it doesn't surprise me
did yall know one of the POI is how to turn off cameras, its close to the back of the tower, its the islands power system , i guess that would make the heist more stealthy
I’m using standard old Xbox one and I didn’t get any frame drops
Wow you're winey
Literally the only way you can have fun in this game is by grinding every single day , waste of life
Why, why don't you have subtitles on???
Cockstar still milking this dead game lmao
This game is stale af lmao
Idk what the lag is caused by, my ps4 ran it fine, maybe its because i was in a invite only idk  I feel like keeping the sub at the beach and using the heli, its super quick  Fuck, this video was so whinny
I didnt lag
Smooth for me a console player
I just need to know how well the payout is
So I've managed to develop a pretty decent solo strat for the heist.  Today I managed to complete 2 heists. The first one I did with three of my friends and it was an excruciating chore. We kept getting spotted in the first few sections of the map and we had to restart about 15 times before just three of us made it out with just 2 million (to be shared among 4 people mind you). All in all pretty bad, would not recommend.  But I didn't give up after that and tried a second heist, this time solo. To quick give you a quick rundown of what I would recommend to do:  -In the recon mission you have to do in prep for every heist i discovered a drainage tunnel in the bay where the mansion is located. Just jump into the water and swim to said bay and dive down to the tunnel and it will be automatically set as a possible infiltration point. This may take a while but you only have to do it once. After that it will be permanently available.  -You only have to do one vehicle prep mission, I highly recommend the submarine one as it's relatively simply and does not have a second mission to get a pilot (which is the case for the bomber and helicopter prep mission)  -Same goes for the weapons prep mission. Just do one of them and I highly recommend choosing a loadout with an assault rifle. Also buy the silencers for 5k.  -Do all the equipment and sabotage prep missions (You may skip the explosive charge one). With all the sabotage missions completed the guards will have no armor and will only have weak pistols and mps. Also no Buzzards will spawn.  -To save time on the prep missions use the fast travel funtion on the submarine to get as close as you need and then use the sparrow to fly to the location. Each fast travel costs 2k. (For some reason before you complete the heist the first time each fast travel costs 10k, don't ask me why)  -Then you play the heist itself. If you select the drainage tunnel as the entry point, you will effectively spawn in the mansion right from the get go, which saves a lot, and i mean a lot, of time.  -Use the silenced assoult rifle for easy stealth kills. It's easy to take out two guards standing together in quick succession that way. Also guards and cameras don't seem to care if they spot a dead body. (sometimes GTA's horrible stealth system works in your favor lol) The only danger is the Juggernaut NPC, but you can easily just go around him.  -Collect the main loot (ie Madrazos files or later a big pink diamont or ruby bracelot) which is worth between 1 and 1.3 million and just rush out of the mansion. Ignore everything else and make your run for the airstrip. It's easy to just avoid guards and the Valkyrie which spawns after you leave the mansion. The only problem are snipertowers, but you can take them out with a well placed shot even from far away.  -Collect some easy extra loost (cash, weed) at the airstrip until you can't carry anymore. Then swim/fly back to the submarine and you're done.  In the end you will earn between 1.3 and 1.7 million. As you don't have a crew like in the casino heist, basically all of that money is yours.   I highly recommend this strat. I only had to restart twice, mostly because I wasn't yet familiar with the enemies locations and routes. In my third attempt i rushed trough and did the finale in just about 20 minutes. Unlike my first heist this one was actually rather thrilling and dare I say fun.  If you're quick you can complete 2 - 3 heists a day, leaving you with at least 4 million, which I would say is pretty decent. You can atleast make your money back you paid for the sub very quickly.  tl;dr: I think this will become the meta
For me it wasn't that bad of experience. The whole feeling was very good until the compound itself. Like really, you cant stealth the compound but everything else easily? That's stupid, how are you suppose to go trough solo? And the payment, dear God, it's such a fake lable. 3 of us could only bring out 1,5 mill because the enemy not always but are aimbots, the headshot kind. At least they arent as spongy as the doomday ones, but still. 5 million dollars......I'm still waiting for the Professional or TGG to explain how is it possible
I hate this guy 😂🖕🏻
You should’ve done the sub approach via the underwater tunnel
I just wonder if anyone is going to do a joke with the Toreador "I'm a dolphin" cause you can easily jump like one thanks to the boost.
I’m stuck on the static screen where you get to the tower
Don't waste your time. You won't get your money back
can you tell us how to get to the damn submarine for fuck sakes thats the only reason im here
Having no bullets in my ap pistol is the cause of my death, repeatedly.
Well have better prep & do it with people its alot easier
Sounds like you had a bad time, the whole video is just complaining hahaha
Stop buying Rs bullshit and we can get gta 6
4:18 did the same thing
Did anyone else get the sonar systems for free it said it was 1.2mil but it was scored out and said $0 so I got it for free it might be because I use prime gaming but let me know I’m curious?
I was looking foward for the new island. Buuuut is just Trevor's airland reskin.
Everything he did I did I knew it was bullshit
How do I select the helicopter
HAHA us Xbox players are having fun with the frames
On Xbox 1 it’s pretty good I didn’t have any fps problems
There was no performance issues on Xbox for me
Im glad im not the only person that tried to swim around 🤣🤣🤣
Not being able to get back up the island was a pain for my friend and I, it was hell some hills aren't even steep and our characters still were unable to get back up
Are u know u can run away from the island with boat?
I haven’t had any lag problems at all
Use the assault rifle mk 2 load out, it takes out the juggernauts easily
Is anyone else’s pariah glitched
Im on ps4 and i got no lag tbf
"Did Rockstar not test this" in tems of performance  Answer: They did. Except they were testing on NASA Super computers because every game has those.
i got stuck because I couldnt find the weed somewhere behind the warehouse
It's because they are in a club.  It's loud in clubs.
Not even worth playing tbh
Why do you even make these if you hate the game so much and always so negative. Can’t even get through the whole video. 15 frames a second? Mine wasn’t.  Been here for years, not watching your stuff anymore dude.  I’m sure you don’t care anyway
Can’t even get past the survey. When I get to the tower to look at the cameras the game bugs out and locks me with the static tv screen
Personally i just did the entire thing stealth solo. It took a few attempts but i did it in the end
This wasn’t a guide at all, it was just an overview and you constantly complaining. I was really hoping to actually hear strategies before I dove into the heist.
Probably gonna get some stick for this but I find the island runs fine on my laptop, sits at 60 comfortably with the occasional dip to 40-45, 1080p with a mix of medium and high settings
There's setups destroy body armor shipments they have no armour destroy weapon shipments they only have pistols and mini songs and destroy air support shipments
Wait so i cant play this heist if i am poor in the game?
In the first mission i went to the north harbor, grabbed a dinghy and went all the way around the island to the south harbor, and grabbed a Jeep, to get to his compound. Then Jeep up to the antenna tower.
I could hear everything fine.  Fix your speakers dude
Stealth is manageable if you get rid of airsupport
i have the xbox one x and im getting like 15 fps *feels bad man*
DOES ANYONE KNOW DESTROY THE AIR SUPPORT SHIPMENTS ON THE SETUP
I was using xbox and it was fine no lag
How isnt my game lagging when in playing on a gtx 1050ti? (High setting)
The sub only costs 9,000,000+ if you completely spec it out which you absolutely don’t need to do
Pls help me can you drop your loot somewhere of bc the space is very tiny in the bag
I got all the weed and a little bit of cash and The madrazo files =1.3m take
dont deny it, i know your desktop is littered with apps, disgusts how you dont know how to organize your folders
Island worked pretty well for me, i didn't change a thing
Mine was really good and I have a regular old xbox
dude you must have a bad system, cause ive never seen any of my copies of gta play like that and i own it for everything but ps4, runs fine on pc, this morning, and xbox with my buddy right now. not one bit of lag. so i think you need to clean your computer up a bit. love when you all say i dont know why my expensive gaming rig is so slow, cause you dont care to get rid of crap files.
I’m on Xbox 1 x and the island is fine no lag at all
The sub is 9mil?!
On series x it looks great 😁
You do know you can choose your gateway
At least I like the sub
I’m on ps4 and I didn’t lag at all
It isn’t fun for you because you didn’t scope out the island, there are a lot of ways how you can get in sneakily. It really makes me angry that you made a video saying it isn’t fun if you didn’t even found the different ways to complete it
I could hear just fine after I put a headset on
just did the heist... first words.... i have nun, that shits horrible
4:50  -   AT THIS POINT - I ALREADY GAVE UP - TOOK A 2 MILLION DOLLAR LOSS, AND WENT BACK TO BEING THE CEO OF A 1(NOW38) MILLION DOLLAR COMPANY.
this isnt a guide
The Island Runs at 50–60 Fps on my system which is not Even close to as powerfull as yours (gtx1070). And im Running the Game at 1440p with high settings. The Island isnt as optimised as the Main Land but its also not as bad as you are saying. The heist is boring though
It’s flawless on console lol
I thought my PC was the problem for the terrible lag on the island.
You did a stealth approach in the day time no wonder you got caught there is a reason they offered a time of day when starting the heist
So can we only do this solo? Not with 3 others
In one word : disappointing. For the BIGEST Update of gtao, 80% of the assets are reused from previous dlc (Bogdan's submarine, interrior locations...), prep missions are boring when not bugged (kurtz boat spawning inside the wall so I couldn't steal it from merryweaather), poi on the island are a big hide and seek not-funny-game, and yeah, finale is a joke. At least the submarine is a 5 min fun to "drive" and we find the most annoying npc since LJT and Bryony. Damn, this Pavel is unbearable !
my fps are fine. seems like your high end rig isnt so high end lol
You can run the heist finale solo?
The Island was just fine for me while playing on Xbox One S
You forgot the part where you have to scout THE WHOLE FUCKING ISLAND
Guide = negative review with gameplay
I didn't have any lag?
My game was clear and fine and I’m on an Xbox one
If you want to hear the characters talking clearly then turn the GTA game music down in settings. Yes, it's made that simple for simple people. ;)
Lmao me and my friend went all around too
I got around 40 fps on my PS4 which is just as good as running around in freemode
So you have to pay a minimum of 2 million to just access the submarine you take home about a million from the heights of you do it solo. I think ill wait until the sub goes on sale.
im on xbox one frame rate is fine😅
My console actually handled it well and it’s an original Xbox 1
Honestly i have zero problems with fps and lag on the island
I am happy to have pavel as my submarine mate
I had to drown aswell
I completed the cutscene in the club but can't join my friends session
This is why u don’t do the mission solo
The FPS is fine on the series x
I did mine with two friends and we have a formula that works. It makes the heist really fun. And we got around 4 mil
Wtf i dont get it i play the game on 1440p and high settings and have normal fps on the island
I did the exact same thing trying to swim around the checkpoint. Who’s genius idea was it to have 0 other ways onto the island
I mean rockstar our expectations were low, but fuck!
I use the xbox one and no lag at all ?
I’m on console and it looks better with less fps
Bro, i feel the pain... almost smashed my tv after i fell off the cliff and my charactet would not climb the stupid rocks...
Rockstar games made it look good but oh my God so bad I don't want to do that all by myself my million dollars in the drink over one submarine oh no
Why do I get so little money? Me and my friend got like 1.7 mill casino gives 1 mill more
Lmfao im playing on xbox one s and the auidio and fps is fine
The only thing unoptimised about the island in the grass
Shouldve done extra set ups
I play on a ps4 slim edition, and I had no problems when I arrived at the island, no lag, no quality loss, just... gta
People say you need a penthouse to get to the music locker but I don't own one and I'm still able to go to the music locker and access the heist so it it true or  nah
What island did you go to in RDR2?    Cause this one looks kinda similar
I did the exact same swimming round the whole island then drowned myself I walked through the gate
Lol I'm using a ps4 from 2013 and I get decent 60 fps most time on the island.
9 million to start it 😭
I played on my xbox from 2013 and it wasn't that glitchy
omg in my gta cut scene i do NOT have any music wtf
Lazy and grindy content with a hell amount of micro transactions. Let's get real, R* is the new EA.
I didn’t lag I’m on console
I am using ps4 for this and the fps is actually good! No clue what happened with the rest of y’all
Yeah if I say so my self it’s the worst heist that they have ever crated
Honestly the update is really good this guy is just a wyning bitch
But like it's a new hiest you should expect some glitches and lags tho I understand tho
1:35 btw, i use subtitles and guess what, they are even out of sync...
I was excited for a new heist. After watching this I don't even wanna try it. SMH
Its strange how pc lags so much, because console can handle it very well. I expected the opposite
I hear people on Twitter saying the the FPS is real bad but mine on PS4 was really good
On  The island on xbox one its ok
u think u get low frames I get 15 fph on Roblox
WHAT DO I THINK? I'm still doing the scope mission to find everything and guess what! Some of the shit is bugged so it doesn't Spawn
Ngl, it was fine on console.
Xbox one x was perfect fps
Am i able to buy the helicopter without the submarine?
RIP headphone users
I am on xbox one and my framerate was doing actually doing really good i'm not saying that you didn't have issues but it seemed to be working fine for me if anyone wanted to know if it was like this for everybody
4:30 me during the set up while my friends did all work. Also idk how your having fps issues. I had mine on max an dodnr have any isssues. Only have a 1060 6gb an settings on max. Except shadows Also i didnt mind the hiest. It wss alright. Id say a good way to get money solo as you always get 1.1+
Frame rate drops is because THERE'S TOO MANY ENEMIES.
Honestly I really enjoyed this update, I came in with low expectations, I am happy with the sub, its really nice so far
Well i cant say it was the worst heist ive played, yes the stealth needs some work but r* wont do that work, and i didnt realy feel the fps drop because i play sub 30 cause im ona potato but i have to say the first time i launched the game after the update it was unplayable because of stutering but afer it finaly crashed and i restarted the game it worked as well as before
Yeah.... I can't buy anything because of the reset. Thanks Rockstar.
Yea developer's are morons nowadays. They take no pride in their work. The whole game is so buggy. It's shameful
Can you do it multiple times like the casino heist?
I didnt lag the entire time
I think the pariah sport car may be bugged as the final spoiler aint showing. Then the sky sky starts flashing black
I'm on xbox one s and the fps is fine.
I did the same fucking thing but I found a way
love  your review :D haha 1:1 my words :D
You know that it's not the games fault that you're too bad to finish the stealth version of the heist. Also there is info bubbles at the top left, again not the games fault that you don't pay enough attention.
Unlucky pc players
Nothing wrong with ps4
I never had a frame drop, nothing even close, and I was surprised that your pc lagged so bad.
What's really not fun is you yelling in my ear every other minute
I use ps4 and had no lag
Today i whas in the lazer i tried to blow up that big underwater boad and i whas stuck (500GB ps4 slim)
I have a gtx 1050ti (possibly the worst gpu ever made) and the island runs perfectly fine at 60fps on medium settings.  Did they patch the performace already?
I had that same thing i thought about swimming around the checkpoint but nope fuck you you can't climb anywhere!
At least it isn’t a paid DLC
I was running at a constant 60 fps running on ultra with a 1660ti, whats up with your pc
Played it on PS5 tonight, obviously the PS4 version which ran it fine with the capped 30FPS
Can I ask you one simple question Why do you use silencer in assault shotgun? Now protips: >sniper rifles are good if you have second person to shoot or shoot duos using one shot two kills tactic >commando set is a way better in my opinion >Also you can kill juggernaut just kicking his ass like you can do with casino guards >Choosing night is a way better option for stealthy >To escape i recommend a boat it's less stressful >Steal only gold if you can >You can move submarine to get closer to target
It’s pretty annoying not been able to do this unless you have mates to do it with or the money 😩
Lester, but more “Чики брики”
Diamond Casino Heist is way better this heist kinda sucks, and its pretty hard solo which was predictable It's also just generally pretty boring compared to other heists
They say you can go back at any time but how do you go back
Ngl on my 2014 Xbox one it runs ok, it may be your WiFi?
Does it have to be the kosatka
Biggest disappointment in gta history
And so the pacific standard heist prevails as the best,good to know.
Console players when Pyrealm complains about anything less than 60 FPS:  "First time?"
I did the exact thing you did by going around the whole map to get to the compound.
Why do you have to be so fucking negative all the time
I couldn’t hear shut either
Ok tbh my ps4 handled it better than what I’m looking at rn lol
If you travel around the island more there is a way up. It is on the complete other side though. Still not as efficient as doing it normally so point still stands I guess
I just finished my heist and had a lot of fun. The heist is kinda Hitman style. You can choose your path and if something goes wrong go on a killing spree. I agree with some things you said, like support crew being kinda trash, but on the other hand that's super cheap. Doing scope out mission was a little bit pain in the ass, but looking around what I can use in actual heist was fun. The Valkyrie heli chasing you on the way back had no gunner for some reason and I could not take it out so I was being chased whole way to the airplane. However I've had no performance drops like this on my gtx960 and 12yo q9550 cpu with 8gb of ram. I see a little bit worse fps but no drops below 30 on high settings 1080p. And your stealth run. You went for a sniper rifle set, same as me, but isn't it obvious that if there are 2 npcs looking at each other you need to take them both fast? It's same thing as casino heist and you can easily do this solo. Still, the fact that enemies always know your location is bullshit gta magic, but getting in unnoticed was not very hard. Thing I did not like the most was locking some of the loot with 2 cards system, only obtainable by 2+ players even though the card readers were not very far from each other. Overall, I think the heist is cool and the pay looks pretty good too.
It’s funny how he thinks the lag is even worse on consoles and I’m on Xbox and it’s perfectly fine haha
dude just bitched about everything the whole time.
Rockstar games, the second biggest joke of 2020.
It’s not saving at all
I didn't experience any lag on the island on my ps4. Lol.
Can you do evrything in invite only lobby ?
I have gtx 1650 and on ultra settings and i constantly have 100fps
Honestly, the biggest deal breaker for me is the fact that you can't free roam explore the island. I could forgive the majority of these grievances, provided that they were ironed out/patched over time. But they introduce a new island that you can't even explore outside of missions? Yeah, that's a no from me dawg.
my xbox ran perfectly on the island with my garbage internet and it’s 6 years old so mine was fine
I was doing this in the ps4 slim and it wasn't laggiy its running smooth.
Yay I have to spend 3 mil in gta to get a submarine to go to an island just about the size of the Alamo sea and mt chilliad combined
Lol having the nvidia 660 graphics card and hearing his 1080 have frame drops just fills my heart. Nice and usefull vid man!!!
I have to say my ps5 runs it just fine I sure Xbox x has no prob as well I’m not entirely hateing on last gen or gaming PCs but game devs have stated that next gen consoles are better than new PCs also  why is he hating on the dlc so hard I’m a hard core gamer for life and I am about to do the finale and the only prob that I have to work around is when u run and u rustle any leafs or noise it sometimes alerted the Guards if someone on the ps4 took out them out if they were too close to other ncps like within ear shot I also recommend night time cuze if u have a brain u can get a awesome pay day it’s not that hard
That girl on the phone didn’t load in when he said “not her “ 😭😭😭
the biggest update ever was pretty underwhelming
It's not a guide it's a review at best !!!!
I don't understand the massive hate, I had no graphical issues, the setups had no major problems, and the heist itself was really solid. This seems to just be a case of "getting good". Still a great video I just felt this dlc was very good
Its not laggy on my potato pc
I was playing this on Xbox and it was fine for me
I did the swim thing it sucks had to go a long way
Oh hell yeah, finally I can play Far Cry 3 with even more janky controls on an Xbox 360 with a broken disc
Im playing ps4 and No lag and Good quality
Me and my mate swam around the the whole island😭
My ps4 is perfectly fine
I stole one of the dingies
yeah this heist is shit but my game ran perfectly fine with a i9 10850k and a gtx1070
Nobody cares how laggy your experience was
I did the same thing going around the island 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️😭this heist is just something else
I still liked it and had no problems with it with any cutscenes or framerate nothing went wrong
dude i was playin on x one s and everything was alright lmao
Bruh my Xbox one S runs the new island better than his “top of the line rig”
Some kid blew up my sub and can't find it
If you aim your weapon while you’re trying to walk up that steep hill by the beach, it will let you walk up it
Haha i did the same think swimming around the place
Can you do a review in the new plane and helicopter and if anyone is willing to do me bogdans to get lemme know lmao
3 and a fucking half hours and my friend leaves this is bull shit how the fuck do you do this I hate this it’s soooooooo annoying
My PC actually plays it quite nicely
Looks stupid
It runs fine on my pc. no difference to the rest of the game.
A bad Workman always blames his tools
Idk what ur playing on but Xbox is perfect
My xbox is fine for FPS, idk y u r struggling, also take pictures of closed gets and stuff when scoping, this means u can get more money when doing the heist, all of these give a total of 3.7 million
I played the 1st mission and I'm not touching this sh*t again. Damn it was boring. What a joke of an update.
I’m on PS4 no lag
Bruh i did the heist and han a potential take of 5million, but got 2million. The bags have too small capacity to do it with 3 people!!
I would let you know but, I got banned until January 9th and my characters are getting reset. Best part is, I didn't even cheat to get money. They just banned me for no reason. So I guess the $30 million I saved grinding the casino heist, and hundreds of millions of dollars in assets are all gone. Great game. 10/10. Never buying a Rockstar game again.
Ps4 slim is working
I am playing on a 760 gtx graphics card and 16 gb ram and a overclockable motherboard and im 100% fine with my normal settings idk what is with ur lag
3:05 got 60fps on my xbox series x what are you using a 2010s high end rig
Great video. You are so funny. Thank you
Just use subtitles man
and here i thought my pc was bad, turns out it was just the game.
I just want GTA RP servers to implement this map as a vacation destination, that's all I want.
Does anyone know how you use the sniper ability
I can't log into my account I bought the submarine twice and now I can't even log into mY account
I'm using Xbox s it's fine
How did you get to carry max armour for each class?
Just bought the submarine then the game crashed and after restarting it my submarine is gone and i have lost 9 million
Everyone who tried swimming around 👇
It was the same for consoles and a bit better
I had no performance issues on my ps4 slim so maybe your pc is just shit
a dont have a good pc but i had 60 fps all the time
So, we need to spend at least 9 milion just to go to the island??
does anybody know how to call in my submarine???
What? Take about 1200000$. It not worth it
This guy rly whining about a heist thag just came out. Chillaxe buddy
i thoguth my game was broken but no you cant get around by swimming
im playing on ps5 and the framerate is perfectly fine rip
It ran great on my pc that's pretty cheap
2:28 :)
What’s the max amount of cash you can get
Mind blowing orgies. Ski, blyat. Russian lester
It's weird to me how people complain about that the optimization is bad, because I have a terrible 6 years old PC and it has no problems at all
I can’t even go in the building
I had fun doing it without getting tetected outside the compound to be honest
I Play on a Xbox 1 s and i have very good Performance on the Island
Does anyone else start lagging at the music locker? Then It puts me outside and the casino and sidewalks are gone lol
Hey man, great vid, this video is more like a first impressions rather than a guide though. This vid made me laugh, and personally I was glad it wasn't a guide.
How much will the heist pay?
on my xbox series x it was fine no lag or any problems
It's fine for me
it wasnt lagging for me and my pc isnt the best idk why it lagged for you
Omg 4:20 at happened to me
I have about 25 FPS on Xbox 1s it’s fine unless I’m now use to it
7:40 Literally tells you how on the top left ahah
When the guy is quite, I think that’s ur problem, for me it was fine, oh, u talked about how it’s not ur fault while I’m writing this, nvm
It actually sounded like i was flying to cayo perico because of my ps4
So basically all the hype for this was for nothing and the update was useless???
Dude the lag is fine I'm on ps4 to
I also got stuck in the water trying to get up. I had no choice out to drown my self
hmm, i could hear the cutscene fine, might’ve been a glitch tbh
I had no trouble hearing the conversation within the Club (1:26)
IF YOU GO INTO SETTINGS YOU CAN TURN THE MUSIC OFF IN AUDIO!!!
Lol for consoles it works so smooth, I have Xbox one X and it is great
Just turn down the in game music
This dlc let me down
My disappointment is immeasurable, and my day is ruined.
Imagine if the youtube algorithm is based on people’s comments saying the youtuber needs more subs
I have the xbox series x and my game never laged the whole time so your pc is just shit
Xbox was fine for FPS
The heist can be re played? Like the casino heist?
Frames were fine for me on the standard Xbox one
For me it sounds great
Only made 600k from the heist
All the cliffs have a invisible wall as a sort of artificial difficulty
When Im in the mansion it says get 2 keycards but we picked up 2 and it says we have 1 do u have a conclusion?
8:19   Uh, Pyre, if you didn't know you can't do that with the bolt-action rifle and remain in stealth, *then what game have you been playing for the last seven years?*  Seriously dude, at no point in the game's history has it been possible to take out a pair of guards in stealth with that rifle unless you line them up for a one-shot takedown, using one bullet to penetrate both bodies.  The bolt-action rifle's fire-rate isn't fast enough to take two shots and prevent an alert.  There have been stealth missions aplenty in GTA:O over the last decade, and what you tried to do right there has literally never worked in all that time.  9:02   They're taking forever to die because 1.) the AP Pistol has horrible spread at range after the first 5 bullets or so and you're just holding the button down 2.) using an AP Pistol at range in the first place is dumb because it has terrible damage drop-off beyond a certain distance.  It's meant for close quarters or drive-by only, my dude.
Basic and Slim ps4's have no problem
9 Milllion down the drain. That pretty much sums it up.
my rig is much lower than yours and i play on max with 70+ on the island
pyrerealm you have got to watch a video on how to optimise your pc for gaming
still milking a game made in 2013  Rockstar is a company of greedy assholes
Bro you’re a pure hater why do u even play?
I was abel to hear the guy just fine
Me and me friends clear the heist in first try
I played it Xbox one at 7 am and experienced no lag at all
How long will it take to download
When first you log on to gta and you enter online, this cutscene starts to play. I play on xbox and my fps was probably like 20. It was so laggy. Then when it ended it was normal everything
*where do I sell this brand new sub I just bought*
So you have to have a sub
This guy is annoying he skips everything and he thinks he is funny
Can someone help me here   Is it worth getting ?
There was No lag when i played on my xbox series X
i lov ur crazy funny talking and shouting made me laugh lol made my evening
Haha I had music sound set to 0
I like the dlc, not gonna lie
Who else in class and gotta wait til after school to play......
I was in my submarine and the guy in the sun said this " did you tried the perescope already ? It's good to kill those guys in flying bikes "
I have low end pc and have no low fps
Thank you for *not SIMPing* on R* ...this is just TRASH...not even in the same world like the main map...  And FUCKING OVERPRICED
For console it actually wasn’t that bad, mine ran smoothly but I just faced long ass loading screens which was a bitch.
Fun fact the cutscene frames are bad on the Xbox one, and the damn cttv camera bugs out and you can’t do anything
Dude i Just baught the new sparrow with missles and they are absulutely AMAZING, these are the best missles in the game, they lock on so great and you can spam Them and you have a lot of Them and the chopper is quick, please if annyone sees this, BUY IT! Dont Bother with the small sub its not that useful.  PS i dont have that much problems with lagg and i play on a PS4 slim. PPS i really love this update so far, the new sub is amazing, the prep misions are not to boring and their is a lot of choise on how you do the Heist.
The update runs fine on my Xbox One X :/
Sorry but my PC isnt the very best and my game was running perfectly fine besides that it is very much possible to do the heist in stealth if u play with two or more players. that way you can easily snipe any guards. And the helicopters arent even there if you do your prep work properly. So in my eyes the heist is by far the best and if u do your prep its also pretty easy.
We can confirm it boys pyrealms of is crap
Hey how do you get more body armor in your inventory? I never figured this out.
Tip for the prep is to go to the dock at the beginning and take a dinghy around to the other docks near the first checkpoint where you can get back on the island
Who else is watching this during the mission ?
How do you have ten armor for everything
Im on pc and my fps aren't too bad
Is there a way to go back to the island for more scouting
Why do you even play this game if you can't do anything else but bash about a game that has been getting completely FREE updates for years and years and years after your initial purchase? If it sucks that much, just play something else!
i personally havent played the heist but from what ive seen it looks like the worst heist in the game but on a more positive note all of the vehicles seem to be balanced and fun finally we get a actually good bomber and the sub is hella fun
ur just wrong
Wait can you do the damn heist ALONE ?
Im using a xbox series s and i got no problems with frames
Guys you boats from the harbor
Im playing on ps4 Pro and its perfect.
this update is so full of glitches
Anyone else get the glitch when you bought the submarine and did the missions clicked on a Gerald mission on accident came back and your sumberine was gone and lost all your money 🥵🥵
His take Is 1.2 mill but let me guess the NPCs who "helped" get like 25% of it...
Idk my original Xbox one was running the island smooth
3:28 i did not have that much lag on console
Do you have to put all of the upgrades on the submarine??
PS4 heist is broken
im plaing on standard xb1 and my framerate is great
they ran thru phantom pain to produce this shit
i bought the submarine and i went into a new session and it now says i don’t have one. it took my money and it still shows i bought one in my transaction log
The heist is a disaster, i don't know how to do it stealth. Its to long and its more anoying then fun, im very disapointed.
So, for everyone who have played this, what are the cool easter eggs? Any cool hidden references?
I'm not sure what I found but I stumbled upon some keys at the top of the map in the town. Through a body guard that was sleeping it pops up like a random event in campaign
1:14 I don’t wanna be that guy but I heard them perfectly
R* Need to COMPLETELY revamp stealth. It doesn't work whatsoever in GTA. The mechanics of it are terrible. it's like they added it as an afterthought - I wouldn't mind so much if they didn't fuckin' keep making us use it.
He did the same that me, walk around the island 😂😂 and then kill my self😂😂. Thanks for that, i though that i was the only one.
Console the FPS is fine.
4:20 Well at this point u need to take a boat and go around the Island , but I didn't know about that door that u can go through it 😢😂
U play like a bot obviously its gone hard for u lol
the casino heist is much much better than this garbage  Im very disappointed with this update even the new planes are garbage and the new clothes are garbage as well , at least add new clothes or buff the b11 cannon DO ANYTHING BETTER THAN ADDING SHITTY VEHICLES
Actually looks 💩
1:00 Pyrealm why u do this just increase dialogue boost...... Bruh....
Thank you so much
I heared the dialog normaly
4:30 I literally did the same thing and it was so god damn painful
There is no lag on PS4 whatsoever for me
Neutral feedback: my cutscene was normal (non glitchy) and it ran pretty well on my low end pc with like a 1050 and a intel gold pentium dualcore
I have the original xbox one and overall? Ive had 1 frame drop and it was in a cutscene, the island has shockingly been smooth? Idk why
I gave up playing GTA a few months ago after wasting god only knows how many days of watching the loading screen or being stuck in the clouds. In that month I tried to play GTA quite a bit but I think I completed one heist prep mission then kept getting stuck on loading screens.   I'd have to pull my network cable out, wait to be booted into single player then plug in the ethernet cable and go back on to online mode. It makes no sense to me why the loading times are so painfully long. And why when I try to join a Casino heist, always always get stuck in a lobby where I get kicked and then stuck in the clouds for an hour. It's pathetic!   I used to love GTA enough to put up with the pain, but no more! Roll on GTA VI and you better be good!
it dident lag for me
Yeaaaa I'll do casino heist...
the island makes my eyes experience dyslexia
Honestly,he missed when shooting the guards badly
That os the normal fps i have playing gta in ps4 lol
I'm on xbox one s and it wasn't laggy imo
The scope out mission took 1 hour for me.
Im on a xbox one s and i was all goood with fps
DUDE I did the same when I was trying to climb the mountains at the Cayo Pericles
Ngl, the most epic moment during this all was the halo jump from the new Russian bomber, my god, brings me MGS3 snake eater vibes, the music was not orchestral, so it was not good enough to level up the moment, shame. All of this is shame. Unless we get 30 cars in the drip feed, none of this is worth waiting a FUCKING YEAR FOR.
Mans mad because he doesn’t know how to do it lmao
Omg glad l wasn't that only one that was literally stuck in the water l raged quite and l don't nominally do that haha
Can you keep repeating the heist?
This guide was so annoying hearing you man stfu
4.20 the same fucking thing
I feel his pain
9:46 Cows in a nutshell
They better change this,this took me 2 hours
Actually you can pass the first check point by using yhe sea route but you just gotta swim for for a while or till you find the boat like i did, but eventually you will find a place where you can exit the water and be some what close to the mission waypoint
Good time
Youre annoying. You say how annoying stealth mode is when you get caught. Be better and don't get caught. This guy is so negative I'm annoyed.
I am playing on the normal ps4 and i had no lags at all. Not on the island, neither anywhere else
I have played the heist its so ez plus I could hear the guy 1:48 talk normally i think ur headset got a probl
7 years and that come up with that small ass peace of shit? GG Rockstar, you've outdone yourselves on this one!
At the end, it says the potential cut is around $4.8 million. That alone is worth it to me. I just need to figure out how to get it all. This only took about 2 hours or so to do the entirety of anyways.
My FPS was fine on a 1650 gtx?
Compared to Casino heist, this is pure cancer
My Xbox crashed twice trying to play the new update
3:01 I thought that it was something wrong with my pc that middle area of island lags so much, i get around 30fps even with my gtx 1070
8:00 Basically Jurassic world 2s indoraptor plot
Can you do it in a solo session or does it have to be in a public session?
This is so accurate, especially the swimming part and opressor going down water. I hope they fix some of all these problems or else i Wont be playing this shit
It’s so easy to get past the first checkpoint lmao when the guy in the watch tower looks away from the camera you gotta walk in literally on the outside of the cameras view so walk in and make a sharp right then go behind the building.
PS4 game play quality was good
R* has such time, basic update, they didn't even treat
Love how one of the new vehicles is called the wankee, rockstar can suck my wankee with this bs update of sheer disappointment
They keep spanwing, they too didn't shoot
Are you doing a review of the submarine
In a prep mission, submarine sonar, 2 enemy buzzard spanned & didn't shoot
I play on ps4 and my frame rate is normal everything looks fine to me
I’m on Xbox one S and it was fine
Damn already a guide
Soon as I herd I need to buy a submarine I gave up
l don't usually get mad or angry at the game itself (exept for the AI and game glitches), but this time around, it was literally the WORST heist l've ever done in this game, the performance on the Island looks okay to me (l play on PC at 60fps, in Cayo Perico the FPS dropped to 40-50-60, seems reasonable to me). BUT, the Heist itself was a mess, really confusing, the game doesn't give you useful tips or tell you about crucial things, lucky l was "smart" (or at least used the less of a brain l have) to make the "Plane" approach, it was relatively easy to stealth and kill all the guards. About the exit, it was a pain problaby because of my own stupidity crossing the entire map just to get to the port full of guards. Anyway l was expecting to this DLC be great and it was awful, surely like Mr. Realm said, the community will make efficient ways to make money on this heist as they find things out. But serioustly, it's not worth the pain right now. As for my own conclusion in general: Awful, could be done better and very different from the mess it is. Looking with a more optimistic eye, they made A LOT of bugfixes by this patch and some minor improvements. In reality, the game still the same but less worse depending on each soul playing this. (Edit: Sorry for my bad english)
You really dont like Heists aren´ent ya?
I wish I had 9 million dollars
i gonna hold it on casino heists... ,this heist is indeed very bad
I could hear it lol I had to do it
Anyone got stuck on the water tryna get up the island as well lmaoo 😂😂🤣
4:30 I found out the hard way ;(
Does having all the approach vehicles help? Or do you really only need one?
What is the code for the vault
Its sad to see that theres a paywall just to interact with the new map
Lol. I’m glad I have Gta’s music turned off and subtitles on.
Had a look at the new dlc for 10 mins and its bollocks!!!! Rockstar are full of shit!!!!!!!!!!!! New car line up is terrible
I'm on ps4 pro and there were a couple area with frame drops in like 1 location.
My Xbox one ran the island absolutely fine, I could hear the dude (I don’t think it’s he games fault, I genuinely believe it was your pc)  also quit complaining about the recon mission it was different and awesome if a bit long. Although the length felt realistic and it was your own doing for nit seeing that first camera and taking a different route.
Rockstar: "wait, you guys are actually playing the new heist?? You know you can just buy a shark card and buy the submarine right?"
FPS was fine but that’s cuz Xbox can still nat type and not have to deal with server lag cuz it’s only you
3:04 my pc handled ewerything well and it costs 900euros :// 4:45 bruh i swma alot but i did it u were like halfway done and there was a boat near the place u died 6:50 i had some bullshit happen to me that i couldn't deliver the weapons and had to restart the mission have you had the same problem?
It takes so fucking long going back and forth from the sub to the airport to the island. How much money is the heist even for? Jesus christ such a waste of time
I was on the standard ps4 had no problems at all
3:25 n i thought something is wrong with my 2070🥺
Im on xbox and the fps is good. No lag
4:16 this is me first time ever been to that island, i was so piss off almost want to shut the game down, luckily i found a Dinghy spawn randomly... my god so annoying 😢
i’ve never been someone else to talk bad about any of the updates, but this was so disappointing and lackluster, the one thing they got right was the submarine, that was literally it, everything is else is just terrible
I'm on ps4 ( not slim or pro just the standard ) and when I get on the island, my fps comes to like 10-15
The return of the king
Oh, what a shame. Due to covid restrictions, my character isn't allowed to leave Southern San Andreas.  And I really wanted to do a rinse-and-repeat bullet-sponge heist too...    /s  Thanks for the video!
I have a ps4 pro and the game looked like a sideshow trailer
The setups and scoping out on the island make the Doomsday heist and Casino heist look easy
I'm playing on the xbox one s and the frames where fine for me on the island the whole time
That first cutscene is exactly why my music audio in gta in on 0.
If you would have been a constant player of the game. You'd noticed the music is louder than dialogue pretty early on. Therefore  fix settings for Audio as needed bud!
You are just bad if they spot u man its prob 1 of the best heist man you dont know what u tlkin about. I didnt hab performance problems . I hear every dialog well. All the problems you list there doesent exist
Console is completely fine there is no lag
I could hear them without  problems but also had subtitles on just in case
man i get the same fps problems in the city in gta too and i have a 1060
So no one gon Talk ab how this jawn is 9 mil tho
4:26 happened to me I was stuck there 30 min until I rage quit lol
my goddamn math final is on thursday. I wanna binge this shit.
4K UHD
I was on PS4 slim and it run fine
we who did it really easily bc I used a boat....
on my standard ps4 i did not notice ANY lag at all
I was on ps4 and it was fine
Xbox one s here for me everything is fine so idk 🤷‍♂️
Have to say that on Xbox I don’t have any issues with frame rate
I was playing on ps4 slim and it was not laging
Playing on Xbox series S and the frame rate doesn't drop at all. Steady 30fps no matter where I am
Cmon rockstar. Really. Something like this after the casino heist ?!?!?
Tbh, Who’s Just Gonna Do The Diamond Casino Again Instead Of This?
So? What are you gonna do now? 😅
I just did the setup where you have to scope and i didnt have any lag or anything, i am playing on the base ps4  Edit: i did start the setup from an invite only
Still waiting for gta 6
The radio tower glitch is so annoying. I’m on my fourth time loading back in after this has repeatedly happened. Just shows a static screen
Surprisingly haven't had any lag on the xbox one X
You should at least get more money
You have not to return to your submarine,just move it near you. Same when you start missions, move the submarine to the nearest place
Find the boat in the water and it'll get you right to the headquarters
It looks fine for me
So you're bad lol I did it all easily with no lag on xbox
no lag.. with my potato rig i7 7th gen with 1050ti
Pyre for some reason u sound annoying as fuck bro
I played on ps5 and it was fine.
I honestly love his voice no homo
Reminds me of the casino heist, absolutely no way to get past all of the guards
They should make it so you can loose the security like the cops, and not immediately spawn helicopters when you get caught
are the upgrades required on the submarine?
Aim and run up the hill it works
As you said & proved yourself, your own PC rig is too updated to be optimized for GTA Online to smoothly, so stop complaining about FPS issues! #ConsoleMasterRace
Literally happened to me having to go around the island
its not lagging for me tho
idk how it was smooth for me on my war machine pc lol
I just want to do the casino heist by myself...
if they have another dlc it could be you working for the guy that owns the island to rob the madrazzos back or something  unless the dude dies or something in the heist idk much about it
Its a fun heist you just suck ass at stealth
Your guide is miserable,never do it so fast like that.
if you keep swimming for long you will reach a boat
Hear them?? I wasnt paying attention at all
So.... just stick with Client Jobs/VIP Work. Gotcha ;)
When can i sell my ruiner and rocket voltic
was not lagy for me at all i am usung ryzen 1700 with 1060 6gb
U don’t need to buy all the upgrades right?
Me to
you couldnt hear him? i could hear him so loud and clear or could be i am using 5.1 sound system
Lol in a higher level than him
you hate bro
The nightclub scene reminds me of that one in "The social Network" where you can't hear anyone
I swear his mum is on some taboo shit in that whole cutscene.
If you wanna make going back to the sub more bearable just fast travel the sub to vespucci beach then beach the sub on the sand, when you call the oppressor it then spawns right next to it and theres no water for it to fall into
Do you get to keep the hole take tho???
LOL ROCKSTAR PLAYTEST THIS GAME! Dude India playtests this game and thats all you need to know. They pay them nothing and you get NOTHING! F R*
This what happens when you milk a 2013 game with outdated hardware to death
Who’s slower? The valkerye or that old agent at the end of the doomsday heist
My ps4 (basic) doesnt lag at all so wtf
So 7 years after release R* finally gets around to releasing a new land mass and THIS is what they came up with? what a joke.
My ps4 ran just fine on the island, still haven't tried it on my pc though
I like that aussie folk
I’ve only seen lag on pc, I play on Xbox and I get very little lag
how big is this update?
I’m on console (Xbox one S) and I didn’t have any problems with lag. Some frame rate drops here and there but still very playable and enjoyable.
My PS4 was fine I had no lag
They broke the game. This dlc sucks. It keeps saying that the game save cloud wasn't found, doesn't let you join a private lobby, keeps the game chat going if you do manage to start the heist and you can't mute anyone. I'm deleting the game.
Ah yes typical gta 5 is what I get from this dlc  they didn't even try to subvert expectations
The shark you found has a brother! Go to the other side to find a beached whale  Also it’s funny i did the same water thing u did
They had us in the first time not gonna lie.
anyway i still like the dlc
This video should be called complaning about a good update
Is it only solo
I tried the swimming thing myself and I hated that so much like in Los santos u can climb mount chilliad rocks like that but on cayo perico it’s like ur character says: “ohh imma fall ooooh I fell”
Best parts of the video: 8:24, 9:46
so the heist isn’t even worth it
I softlocked at the end ._.
Bro what is going on with gta there’s so much new content
so 9 million to do the heist........ ffs
This is the copy and paste DLC, alot of the heist stuff and vehicle physics and things like that are just taken from other missions and vehicles
or just turn off music audio
13 ads for an 11min vid? Really? I make vids too but don't have the audacity to put that many ads. I add one in the middle. Thats it
it's day, one of release give it some clarity
I’m glad so many people thought to try and sneak around the edges of the island and end up stuck
Aww i kinda wish that the guy who manages the sub is bogdan
You need to use an Xbox series s/x no lag at all and graphics are good
On the left side of the island if you keep swimming on the sides you'll find a boat and then use the boat to go to the end of the island there's a opening to get back on the island Thank me later
Idk i had always 144fps on max settings...?
Where is cutting powder to contaminate water
I’ve been waiting
Like that first setup mission took me so long and after i got the last cutscene i got dcd and had to do it all over again lol
this update is a shambles
The only thing that i want for this heist is the VW Beetle
For me it’s not lagging for me every time I get into it I disconnect from the server
by suprise my game worked at 55 fps on pc and i have a i5 7500 and a 3gb 1060 so ye idn but i played at 1912 by something u have way more frames no full screen
TO THE 0.0001% WHO SEE THIS COMMENT........have a great day:)
I did the same thing with the sea spend 1/2 an hour and gave uo
So you can't go to the island in Freemode??
4:28 THAT ANNOYED ME TO THE MOON AND BACK
Was fine for me I played at 2am
Pyrealm complaining about 15 fps. Original XB1/PS4 players: First time?
Dang my guy pyre already finished the heist and made a fkin video while im stuck on the scoping out, because idk what to scope lmao.
I did swim too so I feel you😒
You had lag?
Xbox one s FPS is fine.  I’d gladly take better but it’s not messing me up at all. Completed the heist once, now I’m trying to figure out the best way
lol it plays buttery smooth on my console you're such a pessimist
4:26 i did the same thing...
bro I had fun, and I didnt have to run from helicopters because I did the damn disruption mission
i think that it's your pc, cause me with an RX580 i can play the game on almost all medium-high and it goes much higher than 60fps
On Xbox it does fine 🤷🏽‍♂️  EDIT: I really felt like you were just complaining for the sake of complaining during the whole vid..
I had to swim around the whole map and I wanted to die😂
this was way too overhyped and not as exciting as they made it sound
💀 how the hell are u lagging
Hahaha you think your lagging I CANT EVEN GET INTO ONLINE MODE
No lag at all on ps5
This heist/DLC shows everything poor and lazy about Rockstars game design, shameful.
The audio is only a you probably btw. Js
Ps4 is good tbh
no
Anyone else having issues with bugs like weapons wheel going berserk and another player glitched into top of submarine I'm having these issues might clear cache see if that does anything
Dr dre
I did the same thing going via the beach... the obvious route. Just given up. If I want running simulator I would have bought that game instead 😂
i play on pc with a gtx 1060 at 1080p on medium to high settings and have no issues with fps at all.
I never had any dialogue problems with the dlc on ps4
The part where you swam around the island for 15 minutes and gave up. Have you tried swimming around half of the island for 50 minutes just to get out like me?
you can get back on the island
Oh it’s been long since I watch this I forgot about this
I completely dissagree
4:18 I did the same stupid thing
Uh pyrerealm you cant kill those 2 guys when they see eachother you have to kill them with another person otherwise the enemies know your location. That is just the game. The casino heist is the same. Stealth can be done
WHERE IS THE SIGNAL BOX IN THE FIRST MISSON
I did the same thing at the first checkpoint
use the ak load out with pipe bombs, the guns are mark2 and pipe bombs kill jugs insta
Xbox one x ,the fps was normal!
Is it hard to do the Heist solo
I keep freezing on the sightseer app
7:11 Why did you only have 1.5M$? I have 2.95M$ Does anyone know what it depends on? How do we get more/less money?
I swam around the fucking island until I found a boat and drove to a dock
This was the biggest disappointment of an update...
Wow this dlc sucks! Absolute waste of time
The camera glitch in the scout part sucks
i did this with a xbox series x nd steady 30
I play on Xbox and it’s not lagging so idk man
Wait hold on. I have a moderately high pc (not top of the line or anything, but it’s no slacker) and was doing the scope-out with a buddy and the game ran normally with my usual settings. Maybe it has something to do with the amount of players in the lobby (somehow we were in a relatively empty session). I know you said in the video don’t complain about your setup, but I’m just saying that my game ran fine. I just thought I’d put this info out
I DID THE SAME THING IN THE WATER
Something is wrong with your pc bro I have specs on my pc from 7 years ago and it runs 60 FPS on 1080p high settings
I Had to swim around the Island and i legit thought that that was the only way
Yep I tried to swim as well
If there is a male karen his name is pyre
this was the most boring heist i ever did in gta what a let down.. ima go back to casino
You scream too much dude!! my gooood
Had to look up this video because I didn’t know why the fuck was going on during the first cutscene.
Video came out faster then mrbossfucktheworld clickbait.
7:37 You tried looking at the top left corner of your screen?
Does anyone know how to get the grappling hook
how do i start the preps?, i cant choose between scope out and preps, even when i only miss 1 picture
How did you hack the fingerprint scanner
The fact that 2 piles of gold fill ur duffelbag makes this rather bad, casino heist farming is better imo
Bro I was playing on the oldest model of the Xbox one and I didn’t lag at all
its fine on my ps4 (standard)
Me using xbox one and having the game look better than the normal map
Dude i did it sneaky, i had a bit shooting in end but i did it
You call this a guide? There is soooo much information missing here. Dude was trying to be fast and it really hurt the quality
the concept of flexible strategy was attractive at the beginning. but as soon as you start it. nah... its so hard and complicated to execute. and yeah i agree with u, its not fun
Uh mine looked perfectly fine
Bro last gen ps4 and xbox one lag soooooo bad I'm frozen in my penthouse cant move I can pause tho, this new update finna done gon destroy the servers smh
Idk about the heist...I never got past buying my sub and immediately sinking every other submarine on the map 😈
Its fine on console
I play on Xbox one and had no problems at all
Can you play the heist finale with randoms or only solo?
When I heard the "Snake Eater" its got me remembering the iconic ladder climb and honestly my favorite MGS Game ever. No I got to play it again after hearing it. XD
i could not hear him as well but i had subtitles
I played it on Xbox Series X, mine wasn't Laggy at All!
so we spend 9 mil on the heist and only get 1.2 back
You just suck lol i did it stealf easy
FYI, You can fast travel in your sub while on missions so if it says “go to paleto bay” you can actually just fast travel to the bay
What helicopter is that Looks cool ngl
No issues at all on Xbox one X but please listen to your videos before uploading them, there really is no need to scream as loudly as you do when the rest of your sound is so much quieter...
Finally
Learn how to optimise your game, instead of bitching about bad optimization 😂
I've had no problems lol they might just hate you with lag
it was bad times
For some reason i really enjoyed the heist i didn't have lag no problems and i had some fun
pls review the new Stromberg 2.0 first
Thought i was the only one to swim around the island and have to drown myself😭
Change your broken pc. On my 11 year old shit it runs fine.
Deadass did the same thing by trying to go around by swimming. I had to drown myself to get out 😠
'Biggest DLC ever' Yeah... ok Cockstar
9:18 What bike is that???
Not sure why you have so much ram, I have a 1660 super with a ryzen 5 2600 and 16gb of ram. I had virtually no lag at all
Is it free roam
Me with my 1050 and getting 120 fps on the island
This isn't a guide lmao. It's you whining about the game.
My ps4 has better graphics and no lag so ur pc is prob just bad
Xbox one s not on 4k uhd but on 1440p runs great 👍 lol
i had no preformance issues on xbox
Updates buggy as hell, I can’t even access the security camera feed when climbing up the damn tower, my game just goes to a black and white screen and won’t load, they really did not play test this
4:20 That's what I did! Lmao
Im on xbox one s and i didnt get any lag
So I can keep GTA V uninstalled????
I turned my music off so i heard everything that what the guy said
Swimming around the island I did the exact same thing and I was pissed and failed like 3 times from getting caught but I wasn’t even is the cones or the guards were not showing on the map
4:30 same
Who else thinks this heist needs a massive rework. Get rid of bag space. Instead of walking across the island to get the rappel gear etc you can bring it with you as a set up. Anyone else wanna throw in any ideas because it will be more creative than anything R* can think of
I'm on RTX 2070 super. Stable 60 FPS at 4k, except it will occasionally completely lag out and become a slideshow, then it's back to normal. And it happens in Los Santos. It might be related to cutscenes or new vehicles spawning. Also the sub's missile is animated in like 3fps apparently with it's smoke, not like you will watch that for too long tho if it's aimed at you.  Also you can just go to the northern port and get a dinghy there and sail around the checkpoint to the other side of the map.
what a shitty guide
Is it just me, or is the following true:  Mini Madrazo: Voiced by Laslow Patricia Madrazo's friend: Michelle/Karen Pavlov: Roman  Laslow surprised me since he quit R*, but it pretty much sounds like him.
My low end rig gave me a stable 50 fps idk what are you talking about
Ahhhh!! I ended Up in the water too! That was so stressfull...
The island was pretty much fine for me but the fps dropped to like 15 in cut scenes
So you can do solo heist in this dlc???
Average fps on xb1 fat:20 Fps on island xb1 fat: also 20 fps I see no problem here
Not going to lie I gained more fps on island
Rockstar needs to stop giving us these cheap ass heist only paying 1-3 mil wheres the 25-100mil type shit at like this makes it boring
ANOTHER COPY AND PASTE DLC
Ladies and gentlemen,  Rockstar Games did it. They might have made A pariah killer. THE TOREADOR
Xbox one x runs fine on island
Well I guess I will spend all the money I grinded on cars and not on this
It was not like a for me
No way, looks like I'm not the only one who was stuck in the water. But I'm dumb enough to find new session...
pavel, what a guy, but i’m renaming him emil
love it..and you can play solo that's even better
All I wanted from the update was some cool new vehicles to play around with
I say none cares about the heist we just want new stuff
Yes
Pyro is fire
noice
Odd. I didn’t ha e performance issues. Playing 1080p ultrawide
1:20 i heard him perfect, mby its only on pc. I was on ps4
My cutscene sounded good halfway like the music was made pretty quite. And then the music slowly but surely started to get loud af
Guess I lucked out during first cutscene - I got some quiet mumbly garbage playing in background. Subtitles are kinda helpful, but they partially out of sync for me. And "get intel" mission is tedious, but it did not lag for me. Though I am using medium-ish settings. Did not do the other missions, but from what you shown - I rather not. I am garbage at stealth and infinitely spawning helis not worth whatever this island has.
this update as of now is trash
MOOOOOVE!!! 🤣🤣🤣
4:22 HAHAHAHAH I feel you, I did the exact same thing
Sad thing is my nightclub the music truly sucks I just play the black Madonna Lodge just cuz I don't care for the too many boys club on day on stage
That scuba mask appears after you have driven around with a sub, idk why it happens.
The whole update sucks
I frigging love his earrape yelling being cut off just right lmfao
I also went around the island took for ever man lol you got a new sub love the video
Well my ps4 pro could play average 25 fps. Not bad...
There goes all my excitement for this dlc
i wonder why they dont fix the gameplay to make play their content interessing and fun .. oh wait .. sharkcards ..
My shitty pc is quivering
Do the gaurds go away in free roam after the first heist?
Swimming around the island is a b*** because there no way to get up from the side because theres invisible barriers
Same just kept giving me a scuba mask for some reason smh
Ps5 seems smooth
Weird, I didn't have a problem hearing Miguel in the first cutscene. Also my game ran perfectly on the island
on gta the lowest graphic settings always cost more power for me try doing it with the high settings its kinda broken
At least we can do this heist solo. Its enough for me to have fun
Wait... you can't do the heist stealthily, then what the fuckin point of adding a heist if you can only do it one way?
True this Heist is HARDER THAN DOOMSDAY ACT 3 ON HARD AND WITH 2 PLAYERS
It wasn’t laggy on ps4.
Pyrerealm, you the man of GTA content. 😘
Rock* logic fuck all DLC so make it crap and make even more crap. End? Big crap DLC sorry watch to much Rockstar logic from Sant's Fan
9 fuckin mil...... For a fuckin submarine......
5 views lmfao 255 comments
Honesty it was over hyped, dont get me the new stuffs pretty cool but honestly pretty lack luster. Expected more for the most hyped up and "biggest" dlc. As for fps on xbox series x no problems there.
So you can't access the island on free mode?
I’m usin the ps5 lol
I play with the music off. Heard everything fine
I don't lag in the island, I don't have a very good PC either. I just usually makee sure that my ram isn't being eaten up by my browser and othere things, and it didn't seem like a problem for me to roam around the island
i was waiting for this lol
hi
view(s):1  likes:893 dislikes:25 Comments:234 okay YouYube, you're drunk lmfao
3 views and 245 comments Lol
If someone did it, i have a question or two: how much do you get after completing the heist (wihout any additional equipment bought) and doing it solo? And the second one, is it worth it more than just doing casinos with a friend?
I did the same thing with the water
At least it's solo I guess?
My 2 milions: *Exists* Russian submarine: *Exists* Me: Musze mieć tą łódź!        (Yeah I'm from Poland so that was what I said)
Cool
so much for the biggest update... hoepfully the rumors are true and you can at least access the island in freemode after completing the heist
That thing was hard af
So there’s a million $ payout for solo heist or????
1 view on this vid but 228 comments, makes sense
if cops had the cayo perico heist coming soon
Where the fuck are the subtitles? Stupid youtube is supposed to make auto generated subtitles
Im on ps5 and didn't lag once 🤷‍♂️
aa
The performance was excellent on my ps5 ? You guys just have raw power that cant handle shit need a balance hardware speed an power
Yes baby
Well casino heist still best than new heist
I think its dosnt deserve the hype it is the worst dlc there is nothing good in it and the hiest u cant take gold solo or cash or anything except weed  and Martin files if u want to do it dont do it solo
THE BOSS IS BACK
Let’s be real All the heist Lester have us do he takes majority of the cut
1 view, 212 comments lol
Nope English dave is the best character in gta v
The submarine dude sounds a little but like roman belic sorry I forgot his name
I didn’t lag with 5700 xt
Ive had none of the issues he is talking about in this video and my pc is an average gaming pc
YouTube be drunk he got 1 view but 800 likes
1 view, 700 likes, 200 comments. And I’m 15 minutes late
why does it have 1 view
Lol I knew it, Rockstar made it seem too good. Edit: holy shit thanks for all the likes🤣
Went to the communications tower and hacked into the thingy. Went onto the app on the phone and it wouldnt load. I had to close the app and start the whole mission over again.  Ive now tried for 3 times and ive been sat here for more than 20 minutes. Anyone got a fix
what a disappointment.
8:24 & 9:44 You turned into a completely different person, I didn’t even recognize you..
Not like this on console
YAY
0 views and 195 comments nice
I played since it came out. The island is fine. There was no problem with lag at all. Also none of my friends had problem.
At the first mission i decided to swim around too. I found a dinghy at the south point and it was easier to find somewhere to get back on the land afterwards
I think ok in some parts
YOU'RE AWESOME
Huge flop from rockstar this was not so good update
Not hearing was more immersive and realistic
I mean, I play with a moderate computer, and I didn't have any frame problems. Idk why your fucked up tho.
3:30 basically how my pc is running GTA
Pavel, forever in my heart
The heist SUCKS! Me and my friend restart the mission all of times if you want to do the heist I prefer taking gold
Having to go back and forth between the sub and doing free mode missions was unbearable
Yeah, in the new nightclub I had to play the cutscene at 20 FPS, when I get 60 during normal game play literally everywhere
The DLC is a big disappointment
That fps tho
THE B-1 FINALLY
Rockstar, playtesting. Funny joke
a proud russian with his communist goals? ahhh hes gotta be the best npc
Nice vid bro
On Ps5 30fps steady!
I hope everyone is having a great day stay safe! Btw my mom said if I reach 1k subscribers she will buy me a brand new pc to make my videos better if you could help by subscribing I would really appreciate it🙏🏽❤️
No visits 544 likes
wtf 560 likes but 0 views???
4.20 never go there XD
Lol I was swimming for a while
lil
I liked the first prep mession it's like a mini heist
Plooooop
Do a video if cops used Cayo Perico Vehicles and this scramjet guy comes back with a vigilante or any other car or ship or plane...DO IT DUDE, WE WANT IT
I am using a ps4 "standard version", the fps looks fine when i blinking my eyes like 4 times per second.
Fast
Dark Space: Shark cards are already damaging the GTA community, that's why Rockstar is satisfied on the money making.  Pyre realm gaming:
When can you do a play through of the heist
No views ?
First!
Sub to me
YES
Thx for posting
The worst dlc ever
No views, 133 comments,456 likes... YouTube make made me think I was first saying no use spinel what does it matter if I'm first or not
Switch runs on 30 fps if switch had gta I can't imagine the hell they would go through
By far one of the most disappointing updates
Yesss
OMG YESSSSSSS FUKCG YEAAA
Me and the homie down bad so I gotta watch ths guide
LETS GO MY FAVORITE YOUTUBER IS BACK!!!!!!
Gonna do some naked snake role play
Lovely 😍💋 💝💖❤️
I like it
Great job rockstar still dont nerved the broomstick(mk2)
I have 9 million and I'm wondering what I should get. The max submarine is 9 mil but I don't know if I should get the sub with some upgrades or get new vehicles. Any advise?
pduiej?
Beans⁴
The same exact thing happened with me getting trapped for 15 minutes near the water, fucking ridiculous. Feels like they didn’t play test this dlc at all.
dude to the people who said this is a garbage, i have to said that all the things will appeared in some days so stfu
Thank You So Much
3:28 as someone who’s on the Original PS4, it’s fucking awful.
Been waiting for this.
wow no views
It was fine on console only lagged once
My game ran very smooth on Xbox 1
nice
no views but 118 comments? that's just sad my man.
Who doesn't play with subtitles? So weird.
When on the island it runs smooth on the ps5
Im on a old ps4 that is 6years old and it’s better than your 1000$ pc lol
its rockstar , what did you think ?
Its not laggy for me in series x
HOLY SHIT I CAN BUY SUBMARINE!?!
1:16 noice
finnaly
Thank you for your help
for 1 minute this video has been out there is over 200 likes, which means 200 people hadnt watched the whole video
My dude In the first cutscene is so low that Rockstar couldn’t even hear them
Bruh my favorite gta YouTuber
Eyyyyy
YES LETS GOO
I thought you left
how tf does this have no views and 200 likes
bro?
Hmmmm I don't know what to comment I am too early LMAO
Tbh the update is ok.
Oh boyy
ITS ALIVE!!! ALIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Welcome back py😂😂
cool
Yes boys
#14secondgang lol
No views and 62 comments. Seems legit
No views 65 comments
Finally hes back (not to gta, me no fanboy)
🐐
Its something else put it that way
Second
Wish they added it to free roam
Imagine being 16th/1st
How do I get the max of 2.8 on secondary targets
First
Hi
hello i love ur content keep it goin man
nice
the guided missiles are actually broken stg
36ty
POTATOES
Lol
Lol you uploaded it as I was doing the setups
im second and i screw up alot of the sneaking part
I’m not first btw
Can u review the new Submarine car I’m not sure if I wanna buy it or not
Hi
i dont wanna sound like a kid but ayeee no views!
Hi
hi nice video
Yoooooo What up
HI PYREALM
yeees!! i was waiting for thiss
THE LORD RETURNS
Hello good sir
Lol I cant play because it won't let me load in
Was good 2nd comment
🐐
Hi
If we can’t go to it in free roam what is the point of it!
First
SO FAST, NICE!!!
Yoooooooooooooooo
love u
Wow
Ooooooh
17 secs ago
Looks cool, very interesting
Nice video keep up you are the legend ❤
Sup
Wtf come on bro
Hello
Sup
Het
First
He be back
YES NEW UPDATE
Hi
hi
Ih
R
First
Gg bro
First also wassup
Yo
First
Heyyy
Hi
