We're making a cartoon based on public domain characters! Support it here: https://bit.ly/CatManKICK
As a law student who learned about this in my Intellectual Property law class, I LOVED this video❤🤩😊
Mickey Mouse Entertainment Logo
Uk Public Domain On 2999😊
But Is Public Domain 9999
Mickey Mouse And Interpol Tom And Jerry Fackrell
5000
Public Domain In Idaho
Now I'm upset that I haven't heard anything about steampunk Willie LOL
Micky mous samurai movie
does anyone know if i can use a small clip from of a star is born from 1937 in my own shortfilm? i know its public domain in the united states. but is the rules different in europe?
AVS: Alien vs. Steamboat Willie
Well in the uk copyrights last till 70 years
Very well explained!
Since minnie also first appeared in steamboat willie then the original design of her is free for the public domain too if you think about it
5:21 What movie is this from?
Who cares
Here in the uk he’s been in the public domain since 2019.
Here's a few updates regarding Mickey's public domain status first things first it's not just steamboat Willie that's in the public domain it's also the silent versions of his first ever cartoons that being plain crazy and the gallopin gaucho.  Another thing Mickey was not the first Disney created character that entered the public domain Oswald the Lucky Rabbit also had entered the public domain but there are old articles that clarified that his early shorts that were produced by Walt Disney himself were already in the public domain 10 years before he passed away because universal pictures the original owners of the character had never updated the copyright for the original cartoons that Walt and his friend UB iwerks had worked on so those original cartoons entered the public domain in 1956 before Walt Disney would eventually pass away 10 years later   you can technically give him his white gloves and red shorts because there is two pieces of artwork that were made by the same artist in 1928 that portrays Mickey wearing red shorts and another image that portrays him wearing white gloves And as for his name even though the name is trademarked under Disney you have the legal right to call your projects Mickey Mouse you're just not allowed to have people pass it off or think it's endorsed or even remotely related to Disney because that would still be illegal but aside from that you could basically do whatever you want with the character as long as he is the steamboat Willie design and as long as you can't make him look like any of his modern depictions in terms of design you are free to do whatever you want with him yes you are allowed to use the red shorts and yes you could give him white gloves or yellow gloves as shown in one of the early pieces of existing 1928 artwork  Just thought I'd let y'all know
🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
I think the irony of Disney trying to maintain such a tight stranglehold on Mickey is that it's going to look way worse for them. Think about it, would anyone have ever wanted to make a Winnie the Pooh horror movie if not for the fact it wasn't permitted until very recently? And even if someone did, I doubt it would have gotten as much attention as it did. With just how much people are pissed off at Disney over choking out public domain, as well as how noteworthy it is that it's now legal to do so, I can only imagine how many totally *foul* things people are going to do with Mickey just to prove a point. I've already seen a gory first person shooter, I've seen people make Mickey say offensive things, I've seen people make Mickey criticise Disney. I'm certain there's a porn parody in the works, if it hasn't already been released.  All it takes is for one thing to go viral in the right way, and because Mickey=Disney has been unilaterally true for as long as anyone can remember, a bunch of regular people who don't know about this will be furious at Disney for making Mickey call people the N-word, or supporting Hitler, or who knows what else.
I just hope Mickey eventually appear in your cinematic universe.
I have an idea for a movie series based on the public domain character moon girl.
Funny, these days when I see Mickey I just see an embodiment of evil. I'm sure I didn't think like this when I was a kid.
As Irishmen , this video is our challenge not to laugh every time he says Mickey….in Ireland Mikey is a euphansisim for your Penis.
Disney made Hercules without Copyright Strikes from Greece
Ok so how can we piss disney off with this character?
Can he talk? Obviously if he can. He wouldnt be allowed to sound anything like mickey mouse
4:45 From my stand point, if I created a product or a brand, then YES. I should remain the sole owner of it. You have no right to use what I invented or designed. As long as my legacy stands, even if I'm dead, it is not fair for you to benefit from my efforts. If there is no company or personnel willing to continue my work, then yes, anyone can go ahead and use my IP for whatever they want... even for toilet paper...
What's really ironic is that Disney based Steamboat Willie on a film by Buster Keaton called, "Steamboat Bill, Jr." He should never have been given a copyright to begin with, but Keaton wasn't paying attention at the time.
95 years is absurd; during this time several generations will change. Most of the lesser known franchises will simply die.
It seems bizarre you have to defend public domain. Public domain was the norm before copyright. Which came into existence to protect an artist's livelihood - Disney would not have made it if dozens of copycats swooped in and stole Mickey. Copyright protected him from that happening - but as you note, the powerful companies abused it. Case in point, in some jurisdictions the copyright used to exist until the death of the artist (sounds fair, right?) Disney died in 1966. But Mickey was copyright for another 58 years.
copyright extension only hurts progression
It’s such a shame that short of somehow getting in contact with, and permission from the original author, if there’s a story that was written in your lifetime that you really like, you’ll never be able to recreate it in your lifetime
Finally! Mickey and Minnie are finally free from the abusive company! Walt would be so proud!
The amount of years should definitely be lowered, at a minimum halved
meh.
I really hope the expiration date of copyright gets shortened again. There's a lot of older work that I'd love to be able to adapt in my lifetime, but I'm definitely dying before they become public domain.
Get ready for an insane amount of Steamboat Willie fan art for sale at this season's cons. For better or worse. I still urge artists to bring original content to sell at shows and not hang their hat on IP they didn't manifest. Great vid. This is a great topic to discuss.
these public domain horror themed projects are painful to see and i wish people would stop assaulting my eyes with this garbage
“Domain Day”… did AI write this too?
I like how steam boat willy being public domain has inspired people to make memes, videos, and other stuff about black and white film, i've been seeing stuff like that, and i think its cool, weither its horror or actually just talking about old films in the black and white, its kick-started this small epidemic of black and white film styled stuff
For those like Aistin who support the concept of public domain, look for The Public Domain Review. It's a valuable resource.
What everyone is forgetting about when saying "Only Steamboat Willie mickey is becoming public domain" is that,  1. this is legally VERY difficult to hold because all the mouses are so similar,  and .2 HAAA that may be the case for now, but give it a few years and a version of the mouse close enough to modern will become PD that it will be impossible to defend any alteration in court legally, because after the 30s the mickey mouse of back then is nearly indistinguishable from the mickey mouse today when it comes to the design.
Will popeye go public domain, next year??
Fun fact someone went through all Steam boat Willy related promotion. With this they have found that Mickey can wear red shorts, doesn't need a hat, and can wear brownish yellow shoes and its not a breach of copyright. Due to posters.
Mickey doesn't speak in the short, so is his iconic voice still under copyright ?
One of the reasons why so many rock bands have recorded "House of the Rising Sun" is because no one knows who wrote it so, therefore, it's in the public domain. Pretty cool.
Mickey Mouse: blood and cheeze
HOLY FUCKING SHITTTTT YEAAAAHHHHHHH
Is jan 6
Can Disney just buy the copyright back?
I get the "importance" of this event... but frankly I'm sick and tired of seeing this damn mouse lol. The video itself isn't particularly impressive, I've been reminded 5000000 times that "disney is famous cuz public domain stuff" and "this only applies to the steam my willy version of mickey" ok. ok. I get it. thanks. now we can all print up some steamtug willy shirts with a supreme logo stamped over his eyes and move on...
Wonder if this character will make it's way to "Cuphead & Mugman" if they decide to make a sequel.
Ok…title is misleading as Mickey Mouse as Disneys character isn’t in the public domain only his first ever depiction is so no he isn’t free and won’t be free as Disney will sue no matter what
The internet is going to be wild this year
At least Mickey Mouse managed to escape the sinking ship that is Disney.
Bring back 14yo copyright with optional extension for another 14 years
I mean Disney hasn't done shit yet about movies with Pooh and Mickey in the title so maybe your Superman can be called Superman.  Just don't call it Ubermench 88 I see you!
Expect to see a period animated piece of this movie facing a ghost ship and Pegleg Pete forcing the mouse to be the captain of that ship to get rid of it chasing them.
"Humans are at our best when we are free to share information..."  Not sure how true that is. Seems like the moment we invented a way to connect everyone together (internet) we immediately began ripping each other apart.   The internet is that "Free sharing of infomation" and it's a dumpster fire.
6:31 It’s a little different for music because of the CLASSICS Act. Only music that is 100 years old or older is public domain. This will be the case until 2047 because music published between 1947-1956 won’t expire until 110 years after it was published. This means that although In The Mood will enter the public domain in 2040, Rock Around The Clock won’t until 2066. The good news is that all recordings before February 1972 will expire in 2067. Everything after that will follow the standard 95 year expiration.
Ub Iwerks created Mickey. Look at the credits, his name is there. Walt Disney stole Mickey from Iwerks. Credit where credit is due: Disney accomplished a lot of other things. But Disney was also a dick, and he especially exploited his artists.  I’m glad Disney finally lost Steamboat Willie.
Meanwhile japan: *laughs*
quite a lot of rambling for something that can be said in a minute.
Misleading title  as only Mickeys stream boat Willy went public domain Disney still own the over all rights to Mickey Mouse as a franchise
Jesus Christ is the only hope in this world no other gods will lead you to heaven    There is no security or hope with out Jesus Christ in this world come and repent of all sins today   Today is the day of salvation come to the loving savior Today repent and do not go to hell Come to Jesus Christ today   Jesus Christ is only way to heaven  Repent and follow him today seek his heart Jesus Christ can fill the emptiness he can fill the void  Heaven and hell is real cone to the loving savior today  Today is the day of salvation tomorrow might be to late come to the loving savior today   Holy Spirit Can give you peace guidance and purpose and the Lord will  John 3:16-21   16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.  17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.  18 He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.  19 And this is the condemnation, that light is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds were evil.  20 For every one that doeth evil hateth the light, neither cometh to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved.  21 But he that doeth truth cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest, that they are wrought in God.  Mark 1.15  15 And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel.  2 Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.  Hebrews 11:6 6 But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Jesus
awesome! now all the blood sucking monetizers on youtube don't have to hide behind "Fair use" to make money off the lives, drama, tagedy, creativity, hard work and ingenuity of others. they can just use this!
How are people still getting copyright claimed for posting steamboat Willie? Is this going to be fixed?
They claim that but my video still got copyrighted
I don’t understand the idea that copyright prevents bad works of art from being more prevalent than a system where it doesn’t exist. Because digging old works and ramming them into place to fit modern trends with little care given to the original qualities that made it so memorable to begin with definitely hasn’t been happening for as long as Hollywood has been around.
All of the reasons you enumerated advocating for artwork to enter the public domain can be done while the work is still under copywrite protection. Nothing you list is unique to the public domain - except someone else can make a profit from another artist's work and creation.
6:12 eltorro64rus video
This one should be called "Dan O'Neil/Air Pirates Day"!
A good example of why Public Domain is great is when Michal Jackson purchased the rights to the entirety of the Beatles music catalog... and did absolutely nothing with it and forbid anyone else doing anything with it. That's why it wasn't in any of the Guitar Hero games, and therefore not exposing new generations to their music.
Muricans claim free markets produce competition. But what they really produce is monopolies that milk the same characters for 95 years.
Spoken like a true millennial... SMH.
RULE 34 GOOOOO!!!!
Yep and look at the trash movies coming out since the floodgates opened, like the trailer for the movie mickeys mouse trap, the bad guy walks around in a cheap mouse costume killing people much like the winnie the pooh film.
Was the use of Rembrandt's "Storm on the Sea of Galilee" as an example of history preserved and "accessible for future generations" deliberately ironic? (For those who don't know, it was one of multiple works stolen from the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston in March 1990 that have never been recovered.)
It's my dream that we can get the Southern Poverty Law Center to define the steamboat Willie Mickey Mouse as a hate symbol by using it in spicy memes
Isn't cat man owned by DC?
I read that they just put Steamboat Willie in the Disney Animations Logo to loophole copyright it.
its not that things regarding the copyright BS approach have changed AT ALL. its because the US left the tpp that the mickey mouse law couldn't be renewed in time and it didnt have a treaty close enough to renew it.  that thing extended the duration to 100+ years. but, after your president threw a fit and left it, the remaning memebers made changes that included the full "freeze" of that article and proceeded to sign it. sadly for the US, ONLY founder countries can start a modification of the treaty and the US no longer counts as a founder.
They only lost copyright to the Image of 'steamboat willie' version of mickey mouse. They still have copyright over the name mickey mouse and all future versions of him. People can use the image, just not the name.
Isn't it time for Coca-Cola to become public domain???
I'd love to fight Disney over the claim that Mickey Mouse and Steamboat Willie are technically different characters. Unfortunately, well... we all know what would happen.
I cant wait to see what Sr. Pelo does with steamboat willie
I've been on the public domain train for... Idk how long, actually. I don't know if uniquenameosaurus (sp???) was actually the one who convinced me or not, lol, but like... Copyright was meant to protect authors and artists from having their work used without giving them any support in return. Clearly... It does not do this anymore, if it ever did.
So new year's day is public domain day?
I wonder how accurate this actually is that means everyone can create extended content and stuff im not that creative but can think up storylines
The public domainverse grows
Hate Disney or big corps all you want. But as an artist the fact that if I invent something knowing eventually it just simply won’t be mine anymore is wild. Like it’s stupid. The idea of it being a monopoly is odd too. Like bro create your own shit.
When is next 30 min of unless information 😢
5:22 Does it? I don't think the government should protect copyright longer then a person can live, but doesn't limitation breed innovation?
We need to roll back the copy right laws. Today's world is too bottle-necked, and frankly, Disney and many other companies need to go bankrupt, and made things of the past. Wall street runs too much and there needs to be laws that start to heavily, and rigidly limit its influence. We need to start coming back to localization and independent, business structures. The myth that national and international corporations and business are good for the economy is an opinionated fallacy. The rights of the individual need to be protected, and the conglomerates put in check.
there WILL be a twist
SO I CAN PIRATE MICKEY MOUSE LEGALLY??????????????
Either I’m just dumb or I thought the old Mickey Mouse (the one from steamboat willie), was the only one getting thrown out to use in the public, not the newer version of him.
Imagine what will happen when bugs bunny becomes public domain which wont happen for another 9 years but just imagine what will happen and all the things you can do with bugs bunny
I think copyright should be only to protect authors' intelectual property. Once they die, their creations should enter public domain.
Public Domain or not -- Mickey Mouse is still Trade Marked so you can't say "Mickey Mouse" in your own works. -- Additionally most modern copyrights aren't just a flat "95 years" it's for the life of the author plus 70 years (unless it was "work for hire" then it's "120 years after creation or 95 years after publication, whichever is shorter").
This makes me wonder if the developers at Fumi Games knew this was coming & rolled the dice with their game “Mouse”.  It looks pretty close to the Steamboat Willie style mouse & I’m wondering if this is a test to see how Disney will respond, now that they have less of a legal position from which to argue
Mickey is ours now
I love the public domain
I for one can't wait for rhe inevitable horror film adaptation, Steamboat Killie,  to get announced
Honestly i think Tabletop Open Gaming licences prove that people getting to make their own content for franchises wouldn't be as harmful as these companies think
The thing that always struck me about Disney and its fight with the public domain is that Disney was founded on Public Domain content. Many Walt Disney works were adapted or inspired by stuff in the public domain such as the companys adaptations of Snow White, Frozen (The Snow Queen), Tangled (Repunzel) and even Cinderella, would probably not exist if it wasnt for the public domain.
6:10 yep
No matter how much weird, impulsive, and cringy content comes out of this I will still think its really rad that *even Disney* cannot keep their mascot out of the Public Domain forever
0:28 yea nice!
Quite smart of Disney to start using Steamboat Willie's music and Mickey design at the beginning of their productions in preparation for this day. They don't want anyone messing with their brand lol.
1:06 I think between 30 and 40 years is good for copyright. Not ridiculously long and also not too short
This is only the beginning. In the coming years there's going to be a plethora of well known characters like Betty Boop, Superman and even Batman entering the public domain. This is just the tip of the iceberg.
I support copy rights, I don't want just any hack coming in and using my art/creation/character for his benefit. Be creative and come up with your own unique ideas.
I think we need a Mickey Mouse vs Winnie the Pooh movie
nothing going to go bad after thisright?....right?
Get a grip. It's a shitty cartoon
You know, when you think about it, this couldn’t have hit the public domain at a worst time in history. Consider every other point in time where Steamboat Willie could’ve hit the public domain, and what the world was like then. Did the Internet even exist then? They pushed the copyright so far forward that Steamboat Willie is now in the hands of the modern online landscape. You can’t even begin to imagine what people are capable of doing now compared to any point prior where it would’ve gone into the public domain.
6:18 "having things in the public domain leads to new creations"  No, actually. By definition, something that's actually new, actually innovative, isn't affected by existing copyright precisely because it's NEW. It's separate from and unlike anything that has ever previously existed. Thus, no existing copyright could or does impinge on it.  But that's not what you're actually envisioning, is it? What you're talking about is the creation of _derivative works_ -- which are not actually innovative. They are simply tweaks on an existing theme. It's like the difference between an iPhone and a cheap Chinese knockoff of an iPhone versus the difference between an iPhone and an implant in your brain that allows you to telepathically communicate with other people that have the same implant. One is a derivative work, the other is actual innovation, completely unlike anything that had hitherto existed in history.  And that's the whole problem with using buzzwords like "innovation". They are overused so much that they reach the point of losing all meaning. You clearly have forgotten what actual innovation is if you think that the video montage of internet memes and Markiplier videos that you showed represent "innovation". They are derivation in its simplest and purest form.  Copyright might impinge on the ability to make cheap derivations of an existing property, but it doesn't prevent the invention of whole new technologies. To wit: telephone (and earlier, telegraph) wires were technologies that were under copyright at the time that the internet was invented, but that fact didn't stop anyone from dialing up in the early days of the internet. Quite the opposite, actually: the fact that there was a widespread wireline network spread all over the world formed a leverage point that allowed the internet to spring into existence without needing to develop huge amounts of additional infrastructure. If the copyright system were really as onerous as you make it out to be, that wouldn't have been possible.  The lesson of history is that copyright protects mostly entertainment products and legitimate scientific inventions without actually limiting further scientific and technological advancement. But that argument wouldn't sell to the public, so instead, you make a different, more fallacious (and mendacious) argument that copyright impedes innovation, which is demonstrably not true. :P You said it yourself: the US has the one of the world's most stringent copyright systems...and also undeniably the world's most innovative and productive economy. Almost everything that comprises the gossamer web of "modernity" as we know it was invented in the US in the past 100 years, and the rate of innovation is increasing over time, not decresing, even as the term of a copyright has also been increased. How can you possibly hope to account for those phenomena with your model of innovation that posits that more restrictive copyright leads to less innovation? It seems obvious that you're missing the big picture.
Does anybody care about mickey mouse anymore anyway?
Public domain also makes it so that I can read catchiest comics from the 40s
It’s Bullshit,Disney made it why should others have it and they lose money because of it
Century later people will have no lack of polic domain stuff to keep them occupied for life without having pay for anything..
Still owned by Disney as clearly Mickey Mouse Disney will automatically renew
I hate copyright law so much  How long do you guys think Steamboat Willie will last until it becomes a hate symbol by the ADL?
2:01 Heh, yup. I have an educated guess as to who had a hand in swaying how things are supposed to work with monopoly laws as well
Now people will have cartoons of Mickey Mouse abusing other animals..uh hold it...he did in the early cartoons. Never mind.
I love he’s in the public domain but I also hate what that implication means like the horror movie now being made because of it
still trademarked :(
... and the first thing they do with it is make horror slop
Everyone's talking about Mickey, but Minnie and Pete were also introduced in Steamboat Willie.
I really pray that copyright will be fixed in the US. Unironicly the current copyright has ruined movies, and art, cause now companies are contempt at just thriving off of their old works instead of making something new
6:07 you’ve got the same music as some of the episode of Dropout’s dimension 20, love it
Cant wait for the terrible steamboat willie horror movie
Capitalism is a waste human capability and slows our development©️™️
I love Public Domain Mickey
So you're saying there's a chance the original theatrical release of Star Wars will be available one day? I wonder how we'll be consuming media by then. My guess is cranial implants or it'll be a story told around the fire.
Superzero’s crossover???
Some restrictions apply.
so my Beat The Keys Ep won't go into public domain until the year 2,113
You should create a rubber hose style cartoon about steamboat willie for your public domain universe
I don’t even believe in “intellectual property”. The idea is nonsensical. You cannot “own” an idea, and no matter how much time you spend developing something, it should not matter if someone takes what you developed and improves it. Economies for all of human history did not require patents or copyright. As a concept, “intellectual property” only started being used in the past 200 years. Before then we had the industrial revolution, scientific revolution, the parthenon, invention of the cotton gin, and endless other things. In fact our modern books, music, art, movies and video games would be endlessly improved upon if not for these laws. Even our mechanical devices would be cheaper and better designed. Fairy tales were a good example of stories that became popular because people spread it by word of mouth before finally being written down. Same with Greek mythology. Open source technologies in the computer programming world today also proves that you can make serious profit off your work without patents/copyright.
I'm not buying the Steamboat Willie argument. I think there is a legal argument to be made: The character itself is in public domain. The cartoon is introduced as "A Mickey Mouse Sound Cartoon and features a title card with a completely different Mickey design. The character is named Mickey Mouse and is presented with conflicting visual representations. While one may be limited to reproducing the single cartoon, it is open season on the character. I think Disney has been very vocal about the Steamboat Willie version being the only one to enter public domain as a way to minimize the use of the character.
It's not just old publications of books, movies, and sound recordings that are in the public domain. In the USA any government publication is automatically listed as public domain material, so you could theoretically use any government publication to create your own for-profit work.
Dibs
Ok. So when will someone make an Entire Cartoon Season based on Steam Boat Willy?
Would love to see Steamboat Willie in Cuphead game
you wanna know a franchise and creator that never cared about copyright*? not once*?  ZUN and the touhou series. Fanworks have been created, monetized, and so on, and ZUN is a ok with it*. it's how the series became so popular despite lacking any advertising globally or even simply in japan where the creator resides.  (i put asterisks because i am oversimplifying things with those statements. i do not and will not elaborate on them. it's a lot of work.)
Let's go
Imagine an indie company making a “Who Framed Roger Rabbit” style film with all the upcoming public domain early cartoon characters.
When One piece enter public domain 😔
Can already see some good/dirty remixes of the steamboat Willie 😭💀
The frames of Mickey at the wheel are part of Disney's trademark now, as he is their logo at the start of everything they produce. I wouldn't use that if I weren't you.
I don’t even like Mickey Mouse he’s obnoxious
I'm' waiting for Disney to copyright claim it anyway because YT claim system has nothing to do with being lawful
That original Steamboat Willie version of Mickey is way cooler looking than the modern Mickey.
Also known as rule 34 day
The brick bat is my favorite character in the public domain
Even though only Steamboat Willie is public domain, I think it's a victory whose principle is more important than the actual object. Yeah Steamboat Willie is only a tiny fraction of Mickey Mouse and Disney, but the cartoon being made PD means Disney no longer has an iron grip on their beloved copyright. Its the first blood.
Why isnt Minnie up too. Shes in steamboat willie.
Should be the same time as a patent.
Why can't a company that is still around continue to own their intellectual property I think it's kind of sounds crappy that they can't and I don't even like big corporations
An advertisement using red pants and yellow gloves is also in the Public Domain now too, just putting this here.
As a libertarian, copyright might be among the top 3 most hated things on earth for me. Fuck copyright.
He's escaped😧
Gotta protect those fictional characters! 😂 Oh, how I envy you who have so few real problems you can care about this shit.
Mickey Mouse Horror Movie soon in theater near you!
This is legit so good
Are we going to see a horror movie of steam boat willy lol
Dude, I have no personal connection to star fox, but I LOVE a fox in space. The dialogue in the second episode feels so incredibly real to ms
The Threepenny Opera by Brecht/Weill is  public domain now, but ONLY with the German lyrics.
Felix the Cat’s early shorts are in the public domain, won’t someone make a “Felix Vs. Mickey: Dawn of Sound” a reality?? 😭🙏🏼
I see a lot of people saying Disney made it big because of public domain works.   This is true in a lot of ways, but it is worth noting that Disney was in cartoons long before their feature length movies and had a lot of their own stuff too (including some of their own cartoons that became owned by other studios.)
let go horror Mouse movie...
i want make evil superman movie xd
This is incredibly exciting to see
Get ready for rule 34 steamboat Willie
But not the entire catalogue of Micky Mouse, only the very early versions like Steam Boat.
I hate the public domain
Micky is very clearly a redrawing of the Oswald Rabbit character that Disney lost control of
Unfortunately, the way copyright laws presently exist, public domain day will never come for many works produced after 1977 due to the lack of notice and registration requirements.  I'd have no problem with giving works automatic copyright protection without a notice or registration requirement, nor with allowing copyrights to be renewed for a very long time--even indefinitely--if long-term protection required registration, and very-long-term protection required paying renewal fees on an escalating scale, but it seems ludicrous to protect works for 70 years past the life of the author without requiring any paperwork to even establish who the author is.  For the concept of "public domain" to be meaningful, it must be possible for someone who has a work and can establish that it was published long ago to be able to determine the work's copyright status.  If someone in 2120 finds a painting with an inscription "Elizabeth Smith 1980", and knows nothing about the painter beyond the name, they should be entitled to assume the painting has lapsed into the public domain; unfortunately, without knowing whether the painter was one of the countless Elizabeth Smiths that will have died between 1980 and 2049, or someone else who died in that time after having used Elizabeth Smith as a pseudonym, it would be impossible to be sure the painter hadn't managed to live until the year 2050 (which would be entirely plausible if they were 20 years old when they produced the painting).  If a company receives enough value from a 95-year-old copyright that it would be worth $1,000,000/year to keep renewing it, I'd have no objection to them spending $1,000,000/year to renew it as long as they want.  If, however, a company has so little interest in the copyright of a work that they can't even be bothered to register it within 30 years, however, the societal benefit of forbidding anyone else from doing anything with it for the next 60 would seem far smaller than the benefit of letting others find whatever value they can.
As to the billion dollar question of why Big Media didn't push for another extension, don't discount the effect of an entire American generation growing up (or old) having to get familiar with IP law because they've lived in a post-DMCA world where the concepts of content matches and takedown notices are as baked into the culture as "please stand by" and "this is a test of the Emergency Broadcasting System" were for the TV babies.  We got to this moment, where the US public domain has started growing again, because we lived through a string of little (and sometimes big) legally-mandated indignities just from being online. We remembered them, and we acted when somebody got a bright idea to make MORE restrictions. And that sent a message.
Good god, there will be so many self-published Mickey Mouse erotica books soon.
Just cant wait to YouTube is filled with fan made Steamboat Wille sequels.
wow this video has already gotten 200k views in 24 hours. Congrats Austin
In the U.S., new copyrights last 70 years after the death of a work's creator, same as most countries in the world.. The 95 year thing is a kludge, meant to make works published under the U.S.'s old copyright code last as long as they might've if the U.S. joined the Berne Convention sooner.  To some extent the U.S. copyright system is _less_ strict than the rest of the worlds. Since the U.S. used to require works to be registered & renewed to maintain their copyright, there's a lot of stuff that's public domain in the U.S. that's probably not in other countries, like the character "Cat Man".
This is amazing.  Of course, if I wanted to, I could just use the original design for Mickey in my cartoons, but what I think I’m actually gonna do is slightly redesign him in a way that honors the original, but has my own style.  I did the same thing with Arsène Lupin after all, and I plan to do the same with other public domain characters.
I heard that only applies to US or is it pd in all countries cause I read that some things can be pd in one country but not another
I just read that John Oliver plans to make Steamboat Willie his show's mascot lol 😂
so does it mean that... mickie can be in Fortnite legally?
If I am honest I think having a limit on copyright seems kind of stupid. If I make something then I feel I should own it forever and be able to pass that through my family.  There is many compelling arguments made for public domain but it still at the root of it feels like the government coming in and forcing me to do what they want me to do with my creation.
Sad that something created by an individual has a period of time that it's owned by them before it's up for grabs. You would think ownership would be forever
What do sports companies need copyright for? Maybe game footage but i don’t see why they would need to extend it to 95 years
Talk about public domain when atomic bomb copyright would expire. 😂😂
This year's public domain day is honestly one of the biggest in history
Mickey nft when?
I guess Mickey is entering Smash Bros.
Hey, this is an Indie film studio made for nothing but cheap fun and entertainment. I have already completed an 11 Steamboat Willie movie. Its a meta comedy. It releases on Monday, January 8th, 2024. I would appreciate if yall would watch it. I have a whole slate of homemade, iPhone, cheap, films at the ready!
Quite informative and timely. Now, more than ever, empowering creators to build on past works is crucial. You presented the complexities of copyright laws in an easy-to-understand way.
A new artistic era has officially begun.
It doesn't belong to everyone, it belongs to *no one* This isn't a good thing. "You will own nothing and you will be happy about it."  There should no time limit on how long you own something that you created. When Batman beocmes public domanin, I guarantee we will see a ton of incredibly awful Batman shorts, movies, games etc, by people who don't even understand or really care about the characters.  Copyright should always exist and only be canceled or passed on with the creators permission.  I keep seeing people today, teens and people in their 20s, going on about how continuity and what's cannon doesn't even matter. They just don't care and therefore, don't understand and don't even want to try to understand some of the most important things when writing a good story.  The quality of writing in tv shows, movies etc is just getting worse and with the next generation coming up with that not-caring outlook on things, coupled with their inability to know how to spell or use basic grammar... we're fucked if we want to get invested in an engaging, well written story.  What are you talking about, when you mention copyright "prevents monopoly on information" when has that ever happened? You can't copyright information. Maybe the book or whatever it's in but not the info itself.
When we getting 45 minutes of useless information
OG Mickey Mouse "I'm free now motherf..rs haw haw"  middle fingers Disney corp/1% shareholders to go join a steamboat union and become a face of Socialism.
Whoever makes toys for discount stores (we call them $2 shops in Australia) has been regarding Mikey and friends as free to all for a lot longer than today. :)
We should give honorable mention to George Lucas who knowingly managed to extend his copyright on the Star wars saga for an additional 40(?) Years by his never ending editing of the Star wars saga
Sherlock Holmes is my favorite example of copyright law, because the only Sherlock Holmes books in public domain are the ones where he’s a dick so if you right him as not being a dick you’re violating copyright
Can’t wait for a low-budget horror movie called something stupid like Steamboat Killie.
I think we’ve crossed back into the good timeline everyone
Public domain stuff is neat. I’ve been looking into public domain superheroes to see if there’s any characters that have potential for new stories. I don’t plan on making a big interconnected universe like you are, but I think it could be a fun way to get more experience with writing and drawing.
We, the public, will win when Disney Corp. loses more of their characters to the public domain...that they based from the public domain in the first place.
I don't really have any strong inspiration for something based on Steamboat Willie's Mickey or anything else from that yet... but I do have a game idea that's about a frog following the sounds of other frogs singing after a vicious storm, and I think I'm going to put a little reference in, now. A toy steam boat tucked away in a puddle, with a Mickey on it.
my mouse now.
Steamboat Willy only not the other future iterations of Mickey mouse that comes after steamboat Willy! A bit misleading intentionally for clicks!
BRB, gotta make copious amounts of Mickey Mouse fetish content to sell
Use some color on him and you will be sued…bait and switch headlines…I back companies keeping their creations…period…look no farther than the comic book creators and their fight to keep their creations.
I've already seen some others create their own unique incarnations of him today, taking no elements from anything further than 1928. This is pretty exciting, TBH.
Here. We. Go!
The best part of Steamboat Willie is when Mickey Mouse teabags Pete and says "oh boy, I am canonically a sexual harasser"
i think its not so much a matter of lawmakers having “had enough”. I think they are just so used to doing nothing, it slipped by.
It gives me peace to know my work will be mine for the sum of my life time, it also gives me peace to know that, because copyright law does expire, those works don't have to die with me.  We don't need to extend it any further. I don't care for corperations owning stuff forever. But, individuals getting to be the ones who use their creations for their lifetime, is- something I respect.  Its a nuanced issue, but also, one that largely doesn't hurt people in practice. People still make fanfiction, and jokey animations and largely have the "people's court" to defend these parodies. So, as of now, I'm okay with much of copyright law.   Patent law, maybe less so. Restricting exact methods for solving problems - is pretty gross. Like the people who patentend how to make diabeties medicaiton. There is like- exactly one way in the universe to do that- and they basically said "This part of the universe is mine". I don't like that. At all. Fiction is one thing- reality shouldn't have copyrights on it.   But, I hope the laws improve and make things better, with practicality in mind. People won't die if they can't use Mickey Mouse, but the artist who spent decades making one story, just to have it stolen might. People will die if they can't get insilen, but companies won't die if more than one group of people can create it and sell it to the public, even if its under some compulsory patent license.
I just have to wait for popeye to enter public domain and then i can work on a popeye goes to the future movie
Love your content! Still praying for you and your heart!
Rockstar can finally use it for GTA VI
another great day for creatives everywhere!
A new 2D Mickey Mouse game based on Steamboat Willie is the only thing i would want. Don't care so much for these weird horror games tho that has MIckey now in them.
I know people joke about crappy horror movies being made while that will happen and it's not easy to make good stuff but I see some good ideas already.
It needs to be 20 years again
Cool. Time to upload my Mickey Mouse/Tigger porn movie! 🎥
Ironic how a law made to protect creators from big business ended up protecting big business from creators. Can't wait to see what a new generation of artists can do with this character without being under a corporate chokehold.
But the gloved mickey mouse is not public domain until next year! For gawds sake, to avoid getting sued by Disney, do NOT put gloves on your mickey mouse porn videos!
The monetized mickey memes are coming
My problem with super long copyrights is that companies can just sit on them, taking them out of circulation for no real public good.  I've got a solution that I advocate for... shorten the term of copyright back down to something reasonable, like 25 years, but then allow companies to to extend it by setting a value on it that they have to pay taxes on.  The way to make sure they set the tax value fairly is to run it like a horse race... a claiming race in particular.  Say you have a copyright that is about to expire.  It generates revenue similar to what $1 million dollars would in the market, so you assess it's value at $1 million dollars and pay a tax based on that value.  We'd have to tinker with the tax rate to find the right balance for that tax, but ideally it should reach a stability point where it makes it so people set the value of their property rights appropriately... because if they don't set it appropriately someone else can come in and snatch it out from under them.  If you set the value at $1 million and someone else sets it at $1.1 million, they can just hand you the cash and now they own the rights.  At any point though, instead of paying the tax you can just say, "Okay, it's public domain now".  There is a value in making it public domain... you no longer have to pay tax to maintain the IP rights to it and you can still use it.  Of course, so can everyone else.  If someone really wants to buy exclusive rights to your property you have that leverage... that you could just make it public, as a bargaining chip... but of course, all they are losing is exclusivity.  So, if you look a the different players in this scenario-  -Copyright owners still get 25 years.  If they are willing to pay the tax and set the value of their work high enough so it doesn't get sniped they get to keep exclusive rights as long as they want.  If they do get sniped they get a payday because the company that sniped it is setting the value higher than current owner said it was worth- and probably enough higher to make sure another company doesn't come along and outbid them. -People who want to use works that are more than 25 years old can... the price if they want to buy it outright is already set.  They can, of course, still negotiate with the current owner for lesser rights like one time use or whatever.  The original owner may actually be more keen to do that, since they can use that money to keep paying the tax. -The public should, as long as you set the tax rate correctly, should see two benefits.... lots of stuff will go into the public domain a lot sooner.  Owners won't want to have to pay tax on something that isn't making them money.  Secondly, big companies will want to keep their flagship IP, so they should be willing to pay a lot in extra taxes which we plebes can use  to pay for things like universal healthcare (or Viacom healthcare?), free higher education, better schools, and other social programs (and maybe some tax relief for low income households?).    The downsides would be that big companies can keep their IP.  You could, if you wanted, set an absolute sunset, but you don't need to.  There is a public good in collecting tax revenue that can be used for helping people.  Companies that hold copyrights should constantly be going through their IP portfolios and those of their rivals for works that they want to keep, sell, licence or just release into the public domain.  Remember, anything you release into the public domain you can still use... you just don't own exclusive rights anymore.
Only works published before 1978 have 95 year copyright.   Everything after is Life of Author plus 70 years in the USA unless it was made for hire.
But the character and name Mickey Mouse are still owned by Disney…
Now that this is in the public domain, I can now finally publish my "Steamboat Willy" fan fiction story.
Make Steamboat Willie Mickey your villain in your new superhero universe.
from a european standpoint, that consumes american media - i never liked that! like the looney tunes shorts that are already public domain. there are SOO many god awful dubbings 😭 or romero's night of the living dead. we have like 20 different blurays - and they always look horrific bc no one gives a crap about quality with those releases
I always liked that design of the Mouse.
Damn just missed the hype to sell steamboat Willy nfts smh
I've always been curious, who likes Mickey? Like as a character based on his own merits, and not just as a mascot for the company that probably owns the things you do like.
Nice, dude. Nice 👍
Earthworks Ethos FTW!!!!!!!
Another fantastic and educational video
Laws will change in regards to this.
Can I use the historical figure Walt Disney as a character in my Steamboat Willie adaptation?
It's going to be very interesting what comes out of Steamboat Willie being in the public domain.
Bro companies fighting to keep characters they do nothing with that created this copyright problem to begin with is equivalent to "i dont want this toy, i just dont want YOU to have it!" If im wrong tell me but WTF????😂😂😂😂
Well, only the Steamboat WIllie version.
It’s not the first time an old school Disney cartoon like Steamboat Willie entered the public domain. Others had reached the public domain as well like some Donald cartoons (Toy Tinkers, Donald VS The Gorilla and Cured Duck for example), some Goofy cartoons (Hockey Homicide, Fathers Are People and Baggage Buster for example), some Pluto cartoons (Dog Watch, T-Bone For Two and Pluto’s Pledging for example) and some Silly Symphonies cartoons (Funny Little Bunnies, The Three Little Pigs and Susie The Little Blue Coupe for example). Heck, even some of the Mickey Mouse cartoons like Moving Day, Mickey’s Rival and Moose Hunters for example got the same treatment too.
we out here!
So we can draw erect dongs on mickey now?
Public Domain is cool and all but our only protection against those effing lobbies is pirating!!! PIRATE!!!!
Man I can't wait for the Mickey mouse steam boat hell movie
i'm going to make a Steamboat Willy cartoon where Willy is committing heinous war crimes in the name of Disney
Why do people feel that they have a right to make money off of things they didn't create? Kind of pathetic and sad, really. Do something with your own life.
I'm currently creating my own fan project universe centered around a fighting game female character who got unjustly ditched by bandai bamco games from the accursed Soul Calibur series.  So far I'm produced, developed, commissioned, directed, edited, ASMR instructed and crafted all kinds of genres and other media centered around this one underrated female character.  She's my pride and joy.
Did Disney try and make an attempt to have the copyright law changed yet again?
He has to be in the superzeros somehow. Maybe he could be the Stan Lee with a cameo that appears in everything
though fun fact two shorts were already public domain before this minis too hoo and the mad doctor. that fact was used by quite a few cheap end public domain vis distributers.
That's gonna be so fun
Public Domain laws really need to change nowadays.  The last century/125 years have seen an entirely unique-to-human-history set of things that I feel are best suited for an alternative set of laws.  Never before had technology or art brought us these kinds of offerings/ideas/products, and it is such a drastic change from what they meant originally and what is applicable now.  It's like - dare I say - gun law; had the original lawmakers known what would become available/what would be created in the future and how it would be used, I feel like laws would have been set down a little differently.  People back then could never have imagined what we have now, and how differently we use these things now (and even how they're made now).  I think there should be exceptions - like for stagnant stuff - for example, comic characters Spider Queen or Atlas - that would be fine to allow into PD.  They didn't stay popular and didn't remain continually used characters/IP.  But still-active, still-relevant stuff like Mickey Mouse that has been continually used by the creator/copyright holder (and used in so many ways)... I can see a case in which a copyright might be allowed to continue to be copyrighted. I think there should be a special option or process that (you could even call it an "heirloom loop") could be instituted for exceptional cases such as Mickey Mouse.  The way the laws are set up now, with it being a one-size-fits-all set of regulations, doesn't (IMO) suit how things are now.  I'm not on any kind of pro-DisneyCorporation kind of kick, I think mega-sized corporations are evil and disgusting.  I just think it's a good point for discussion.  I mean... imagine if you will that you doodled out a cute cartoon blob when you were 15.  Against all odds, this cartoon character went viral, and suddenly you had the opportunity to create a successful business around it.  Then, one day, someone else decided that everybody could use your cartoon character however they wanted, they could make it do anything they wanted to, AND they could keep whatever money was made from it AND you wouldn't get any money out of it.... how would you feel?  What if they used your character and kicked off a franchise of billion-dollar movies?  And you got none of that, even though YOU created the thing that it's created around?
Can't wait for Steamboat Willie to become the Nick Fury of the Superzeroes.
It sucks that the copyright for Star Wars won’t expire until the 22nd century.
6:00 "It allows us to breathe new life into stories"   Something I've been doing with a underrated female fighting game character that bandai bamco games forsakened so I rescued her.
Now it’s OUR turn to own something you cherish Disney
And it begins
The way public domain is done right now is stupid
is Magnus, Robot Fighter Public domain?
I have an  interesting question  Could you make a game with the steam boat willie mickey mouse?
i personally like Estonian copyright law because it lasts author’s lifetime and for 70 years after their death now in my opinion 70 years is too much so if they changed it to somewhere around 20-40 years it would be good
The fact we live in a country where Disney can just buy legislation like that is a joke.
Disney is arse. Who cares about Disney dreck?
History is being made and we're living through it. What a time!
The Constitution allows intellectual property rights only to the creator and for a limited time. Current IP law is plainly unconstitutional. And it discourages creativity and allows rent-seeking by powerful corporations.
YIPEE
The Plane Crazy Mickey has also entered public domain, not just Steamboat Willie.
this means im officially a bodybuilder
i'd rather have my own original idea and give it wings.   but it would never fly, i guess, not like that nostalgia driven steam boat spruce goose...
A day we thought we would never see.
Fascinating and with the rise of AI I look forward to future creations.
Before people go jumping the gun:  the public domain is only going to be for the Mickey that is portrayed in Steamboat Willy, not the modern Mickey appearing in Disney Junior shows and stop-motion holiday specials.  Plus, you have to avoid naming him Mickey or giving him clothing or behavior similar to Mickey, as they will land you in a trademark infringement lawsuit filed by Disney.
I got an ad for some Disney movie before this video.
Originality is dead
Royalty free Chris Evans some time soon 😁
Why do I recognize your voice?
For all have sinned and the wages of sin is death but the free gift of god is eternal life in Christ Jesus god alone
Unless no one uses the copyright like max steel     no one care not even  Mattel
You are awesome. 😊
One of the Films that entered the Public Domain is the Man who Laughs, a silent film about a disfigured Noblemen in seventeenth century Europe. The look of the Main Character is notable because it inspired the creation of the Joker.
Oh Boy!
idk, the micky mouse design changing doesent seem like it would be all that protected, since you can remix and modernize the old design to conform to modern art styles completely circumventing the "new" micky. the name is also released, that never changed.
Can’t wait to see Mickey Mouse in Persona 6.
Is it stuck on 148.000 views or was i just the lucky one
Even better news, there is a movie adaptation of a horror video game called Bendy and the Ink Machine that has been announced recently. The entire plot of the game is literally a horror version of old-school animation, with the main mascot Bendy being inspired by Mickey Mouse. The movie is still in the works, and now that its in the public domain, I'd to anything to have a Steamboat Willie reference in the movie!
plane crazy?
Hear me out, Steampunk Willie…
Austin if you happen to read this. Can you explain why the new york times still puts 125 year old articles behind a paywall? Shouldn't those be in the public domain, and accessible to all?
oh no people might draw naughty pictures of mickey starting today oh no
Rule34 bout to be crazy
3:51 Funny you mention that, because there actually IS a company that uses Mickey as their mascot and is even named "Mickey." And they've been sued by Disney already, and Disney LOST! They're a food company in Paraguay and they're still doing buisness to this day. You should make a video about them.
All your arugement feel weak. All of those things can still be achieved if controlled by the rights holder. We all know the ONLY thing that's going to happen is shitty Mickey Mouse horror films as any real media companies won't want to piss of Disney for a few bucks.
Hi Austin!  Good video!
Basically: Why copyright should not exist, same as pantents and pretty much everything that disallows the free use of ideas and concepts for and by everyone.  I'm sick and tired of corporations going _'no you can't do any variation of the thing because we already did the thing and now we're the only ones allowed to do the thing'._ That should be illegal. I don't care how much chaos it causes, how badly it breaks the internet and modern commerce, all damage be damned, copyright and patents should not exist, period.
What's the scene at 5:27? Can I get it?
Don't forget it's still trademarked.  Meaning you can't use any of the original source materials.
You said "To be clear, the ONLY THING entering the public domain is the Steamboat Willie version of the character".  To be extra clear, that's not entirely true. "Steamboat Willie" as a work in its ENTIRETY is entered into the public domain today. This includes all the characters (not just the Mickey), which also include Minnie and Pete from this film, all the background characters, the scenery, the script, the score (music), the title "Steamboat Willie" and all other elements that comprise the work as a whole may be used to create derivative works (keeping in mind the active trademark on the Disney characters as it stands).  Hope that helps clear up some of the confusion. Otherwise, great video!
Finally, someone could make an Epic Mickey 3!!! I still don’t know why everyone thought so low of the second.
Not even 24 hours into 2024, and this might be one of the biggest surprises of the entire year
My question is can Mickey still be used by disney ?
This needs to happen for videogames. If a company/publisher isn't selling their older games or giving people an easier (legal) way to access it then let it go to the public domain. Tell me what "lost sales" are happening when you emulate Madden '98 or Chameleon Twist 2
I really like the "oled" apprechiation of this color grading. Question, what black value cut-off was used in this video to achieve the strong black tone of the background and on the microphone?
I wonder if he'll make an appearance in Bendy, since it fits the game's art style, and the game is about old cartoons.
I love public domain day
Screw you Disney, we win!
Copyright law robs humans of their own culture.
What am I making with the public domain?  I have a lot of plans, and I'm looking forward to showing them off.  Especially since I have a plan for crossing over a lot of stuff that came out in the 1920s, including The Great Gatsby, Nosferatu, Bambi, the Call of Cthulhu and a shitload of others.
2:50 "mostly everybody assumed [...] some 11th hour piece of legislation would be introduced... " Most people worry about the 23rd hour though. Lol
I'm using some Public Domain superheroes in my book about useless superheroes :)
Shrek 5 is in production meaning Dreamworks could have access to the perfect villain.
I'm going to hold off on being excited until I see someone produce something actually good featuring Mickey Mouse for the public domain. Nobody has made anything worthwhile featuring Winnie the Pooh since he went into public domain.
Better watch out.  The Supreme Court has upheld the removal of works from the public domain.  The case involved a treaty which returned foreign works to copyright in exchange for them doing the same, but the ruling placed no general principle to limit the practice, save for reliance parties (ie, you have to give people time to stop making/printing whatever they already had).  The main work in that case cites was 'Peter and the Wolf', once a mainstay of children's concerts.  In effect current law allows Congress to declare, say, the Epic of Gilgamesh to be under copyright.  I doubt that one would hold up to a new challenge at SCOTUS, but the lower courts would have their hands tied.
Algorithm
"Sure, public domain means that plenty of less-than-satisfying adaptations can be made" Because we all know that copyright holders never produce anything unsatisfying.   Looking at you, Star Wars.
It's been a LONG...LONG...LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONG time coming, but welcome to the Public Domain, Mickey Mouse! You're free at last from your almost-100-years-old copyright jail! Actually...you should've BEEN out of your copyright jail DECADES ago!
Not Mickey. Steamboat Willie
Oooh boy, things are gonna get weird.
I want to see a needlessly gritty reboot where Steamboat Willie is a longshoreman with a failing marriage who gets pulled into doing one last mission for the government.
So slight correction, the current copyright length in the US is the life of the author plus 70 years. For corporate-made works, it’s 95 years from publication or 120 years from creation, whichever comes first. Other than that, great video!
Tg is and the johnny raZer vid saying to just go out and create are a sign from the heavens to stop procrastinating and draw that dam picture already
It isn't just Steamboat Mickey, it's also Mickey from Gallopin' Gaucho (though there is contraversy because when the copyright was registered) and Plane Crazy without sound
Copyrights lasting 95 years basically creates a class of parasitic heirs and estates who benefit without ever actually creating anything themselves.
It sucks we have to wait 90+ years for things to reach public domain, but at least we’re getting closer to all the stuff we care about hitting it.
About time. Glad they couldn't keep buying off the courts to keep it for themselves. This also applies to the Steamboat version of Minnie Mouse too btw. And within the next few years we will also get Pluto, Goofy, and Donald Duck!
loving the nod to a fox in space 🎉
Did Disney really try that hard to hold onto the the copyright on 1928 Mickey? Or, did they just not care enough to keep fighting to hold on?
Im going to be honest, i dont want fan made batman and superman content ruining the cannon of these characters ongoing stories.
Ah, the first great villain in the Awesome Catman's rogues gallery.
"Humans are at their best when they are able to share information and stories."
Oh wow, soon enough we might see atlas interact with superman wouldn't that be a treat?
can’t wait to see mickey join the superzeros, but is he friend or foe?
you should google mickey paraguay.
To be honest I’d like anybody to use my characters not for them to make fun of my work
Anyone else hoping this leads to a new golden age of cartoons? Like imagine a future where people post old cartoons for nostalgia and then the first youtuber to cover the change going "By 2023 the age  of good cartoons was at an end, but then steam boat entered public domain"
We need to reduce the copyright duration back down to 14 years. I'm dead serious.
Worth noting, that not only is steamboat willie is in public domain, but plane crazy and gallopin’ gaucho, which were two silent Mickey Mouse films, are entering public domain, which ups the smith of Mickey Mouse films in public domain to four since The Mad Doctor is in the public domain due to Disney failing to renew the copyright for it.
haha
The public domain acknowledges that all works created by humankind will eventually, and always, become a part of humanity's core of identity. To codify that away is to deny a part of our collective being. Basically, keep making cool stuff because it benefits not just you, but everyone.
nah avi.mouse is gonna skyrocket (black and white mickey aloud, not modern)
bro why do i keep hearing the imessage sound effect in this video? it was driving me crazy
I thought this was impressive until I realized republicans are just mad at Disney for being woke, and it has nothing to do with the principle of an indefinite copyright...
Hold up, Catman, the batman knockoff from the Fairly OddParents, is a real public domain super hero???
disney could extend this more, but they aren't as reliant on mickey anymore. Naturally they can still use him so it's not like they're losing anything, and they now have so many brands and franchises and businesses that they no longer need mickey for it. sure he's the mascot of central disney,  but they also have marvel, star wars, pixar, hulu, national geographic, ESPN and blue sky's assimilated corpse. it's not just that lawmakers have had enough, it's that disney has actively gotten themselves into a position where they don't need the mascot anymore. disney is letting this happen, it's not something that is happening to them.
I don't know if the American, or the German copyright is worse, our lasts 70 years AFTER THE DEATH OF THE CREATOR...
This is exactly why Disney spent so much of the 2010s buying properties with more recent creation dates.  Anyone can create a Mickey now but only Disney can create a Mickey shaped Stormtrooper helmet.
the copyright-mafia got so bad that it hinders innovation
This year is going to be wild I am sure of it also happy new years
this made me look up when spiderman will be public domain...     2057 :(
The USA had a very lax copyright law. In Europe Copyright lasts the entire life of the author plus 70 years.  And that’s going to happen to the US too. If that had already been the case for Walt Disney then Mickey Mouse would have stayed copyrighted until 2042.  It’s already going to affect all the Star Wars content that released after 1978.  It could still be worse like in Mexico where I believe it’s life of the author plus 120 years.
I would be happy about this, but I'm honestly just exhausted by it. Rather than lobbying for decades to keep extending the baseline indefinitely, they should have either lobbied to able to _extend_ an existing copyright indefinitely, or just let it become public domain which would not have adversely affected them in any way because they still would have been able to both claim their branding as trademarks (which is a different thing from copyright) and continue to publish and profit from their old works, the difference being that other people would also able to use them.
Now people can upload Steamboat Willie on YouTube without getting their channels terminated by Disney.
The Mouse is free.... and immediately turned into shit tons of low hanging clickbait and a shitty horror game. Lovely. Not ironic at all. Long live the public domain where creativity and children's characters go to die. Why create anything new if you can just make money with stuff you didn't create, you vultures.
Eyyyyyy, A Fox In Space spotted  Very good taste
Let's give the public domain some more love! As a writer and artist, I do not feel threatened by it, despite the fact "loosening copyright" can be a scary concept for people these days with the AI problem. The public domain allowed me to complete my literature degree as many of the mandatory texts were free to read online! It has enabled and encouraged my creativity and, with books being so expensive nowadays, it is a welcome tool for everybody. Also, screw disney.
Œ
Ownership should be permanent
Copyright is to protect artists and creators.  The fact that some faceless corporation gets to hold copyright long after the person who made the work is dead and in the grave, strangling every last dollar out of something it had no hand in creating, is ridiculous.  Copyright should be (life of the artis+10 years) or something similar, with only the artist and their estate being able to profit from it.
Does that mean any one of us could upload a digital form of Steamboat Willie as close as possible to the original form,  Disney legally cannot do anything about it, can't even use YouTube's automated systems to take the work down, or even monetize it? I know US copyright law has nothing to do with YouTube's automated systems and YouTube's systems are just a response to protect themselves from litigations from its users abusing its platform. I just want to know the ramifications of this.
Meat canyon
I uploaded Steamboat Willie to my channel and got a copyright warning anyway...
I hope we get some good/positive steam boat willy public domain media within the next year or two.   Give the public an example for why it public domain a good thing and not scary/abusive material like that pooh slasher fic.
You can now make a spinoff of your superhero cartoons with Mickey Mouse as the bad guy. 🤩
Disney copyright hasn't mattered since a certain mad ex-Green Beret throat punched thugs of a blue haired lawyer in the mid-90s.
Lol they are already working on horror (infestation 88) and hentai (goose dick willie)
15 years + 15 more if needed is the best concept because it lets you build a reputation and then you should be established so you can compete with start ups, if you are better you win
Steam boat horror movies LETS GOOO
You know if our original laws were still intact Nintendo 64 games would enter the PD soon. There are already some excellent mods, but with monetary incentive just imagine how many amazing works would come from that
0:00 You're right, Austin. I never thought Tom Scott would retire, but here we are 😭
shout out to A Fox In Space one of the best fan interpretations of a video game to a series I've seen
Peter Pan is actually perpetually in copyright, at least in the UK and only for the Peter & Wendy book. All the money however goes to Great Ormond Street Hospital, a childrens hospital, so it seems approriate!
Mouse.avi can be real
I'm actually working on two prequels to Peter Pan that I intend to publish on Amazon sometime this year.
a sign that things might be changing...  To trademark abuse yay!!!! 🎉🎉🎉🎉 *thevoicesthevoicesthevoicesthevoicesthevoicesthevoicesthevoicesthevoicesthevoices*
Thank you for bringing attention to the currently draconian state of copyright law and celebrating the public domain. The public domain shouldn’t be a scary thing to these companies, cause it’s not like they are prevented from still using the characters. It just prevents them from monopolizing the fun and entertainment that the characters represent.
Except Disney got around this by trademarking every single frame of Steamboat Willie. So now it's trademark violation, not copyright violation.
I would argue that creating adaptations sometimes, or at least in the modern age, seems to just mean, create the same story again and again and again. Use the same character over, and over again.  I could live in a world without so many adaptations of the same well-know stuff. Let's be honest here,  that is all people will create. They will keep to the well-known things instead of finding something interesting.   Very few will  deep diving into the public domain and find some gem. No, they'll take something everyone knows that'll get them the most attention and money. I seriously rather see people create new things. Something that is a breath of fresh air, rather than drag something well-known to get more attention. Certainly, it is a new version, but how many versions does something need?   So, I have to decline in delving into the public domain, atm. I won't be using Steam Boat Willie for writing or art. I have my own work that I need to see to.
If copyright wasnt inflated all the previous times, we could use 80s music in youtube videos and youtube wouldnt shoot you for it
6:26 To add, I read that the reason why Tigger specifically is now in the public domain as of 2024 is because of The House at Pooh Corner's publishing date, as he debuted in that volume.  Edit: Also, I appreciate the Team Fortress 2 reference at 6:12. Emesis Blue was what got me into the game, and that was a horror fan film animation on YouTube.
Copyright is way too long, it should be about 20 years. That's more than enough for the creator to profit off of their work. We're at a point where we are losing culture due to no one knowing who is holding the copyright and not being able to adapt it for that reason. EU doesn't have a fair use clause, we just recently (2021 or so) implemented a remix protection.
Cuphead Mickey skin?
Finally, Popeye and Mickey Mouse can team up and sail the seas together on brand new adventures!
Mickey gonna be the arc enemy of the superzeroes
keep in mind ONLY this versoin is public domain. they still hold copyrights for the later versions of mickey.
how do you even find out abut these public domain stuff?
Unless youre a restaurant in south america who copyrighted the side face of Mickey before Disney did
What about plane crazy?
Mickey-Mouse Blood and boats 💀💀
Rule, 34 artist y’all are free to do whatever the hell y’all like to do with Mickey Mouse
It's always incredible to me how quickly you can make these videos and how good they still are. Your editing style is lovely, by the way. So clear, concise and informative.
I mean I wouldn't say this is sign of anything. Companies are just accelerating hoarding of any kind of intellectual property.
The mouse is finally free from it’s cage? No way.
Michael mouse for the bbcu?
At 5:59, Austin gets a notification on his phone
Me, personally, I really like public domain 'cause it gives content creators and filmmakers/artists liberties on creating something that they might enjoy. Yes, I'm also aware that they're some who just want to make or adapt other IPs into crappy projects for the sake gaining money but NOT everyone are like that; they are other content creators out there who want to create something that they are passionate about and show how much they actually do care and love the IP we grow up with. I hope someday, this timeframe gets shorten and artists can have the freedom and lieberties they deserve (my opinion, it should short down to 4, 5 or 6 years. Its short but fair). I also have pitched an Animated Oswald Rabbit movie that I wanna make.
Disney constructed its empire off of the back of previous public domain works. It’s come full circle that now they’re starting to enter the public domain themselves!
Ye but who cares about mickey, what about donald and scrooge?
People are using the word "ironic" to describe disney's relationship with the public domain, but I'd use the word "hypocratic" or "traitorous" instead.  They took, and took, and refused to give anything back, worse still they sabotaged the system in their favor so they helped steal much more than just their own ip from the public domain.
Might fuck around and make a Mickey Mouse novel
Thank you for this information! I’m new to the idea of public domain. Where could one go to see what is in the public domain and better understand what is legally allowed to be done with them?
No one can beat death, not even the mouse
What evil scheme does disney have cooked up that will make them more money as a result of letting the mouse go public than keeping him locked down would
banger
I'm gonna write a noir mystery featuring the mouse
A little update for your video.   Viacom is now Paramount Global, TimeWarner is now Warner Bros Discovery, and Universal is under Comcast.
I will bet you, they will still by claiming the money from false copyright claims on youtube since I've tried that with music and got copyrighted for public domain performance...
Copyright (and, more importantly, patents), are a useful economic tool, but all things in moderation.
So what you're saying is a black and white version of Mickey mouse named steamboat Willie can now be a character in my video game.
BRING ON THE MICKEY HENTAI, Y'ALL!!!!!
When people say you can “only use the Steamboat Willie version,” I think it’s deceptive. The “Steamboat Willie version” is the only thing in the public domain, but that doesn’t mean you can only use that version of Mickey Mouse, so long as it’s only based on that Mickey Mouse. For example, when Winnie-the-Pooh entered the public domain people said you could make anything with Winnie-the-Pooh, “so long as he wasn’t wearing a red shirt,” since apparently Disney owns the concept of wearing a red shirt. Winnie-the-Pooh: Blood and Honey definitely doesn’t feature the “original” Pooh bear, and does feature him wearing a red shirt. They can do that because they only used characters, places, concepts, and story elements *based on* the original book. Hopefully, it stays that way.
7:58 continue making shitty 3 minute geopolitical videos which are somehow smarter than everything else
I dont think Disney cares.  No child today knows who Steamboat Willie is.  Even if Disney didnt oppose the creation and release, where would it be shown?  Disney owns countless movie studios, television studios, TV stations, radio stations, internet sites, comic book publishers, book publishers,, and so much more.  No major non-Disney media company is going to get on Disney's bad side by publishing  media of him either.  So only small companies or individuals will make the attempt.  If Disney feels they are violating trademark or getting to close to their active copyrights, they will destroy them in a court of law or just crush them financially.  While Steamboat Willie has made Disney money, it is nothing compared to what  Mickey Mouse has.  Mickey Mouse is what people - and especially kids - know.  However, even Mickey doesnt come close to the popularity of Marvel and Star Wars has, so again, they just dont care.
Interestingly, there was an all girls Catholic school in Philadelphia that had the 1928 mickey mouse as their mascot. They were granted permission by Disney in 1930, surprisingly. The school closed in 2021, but the painted renditions still line the walls in the old building.
Too bad that Disney registered an extended clip of Steamboat Willie as a trademark. As exciting as this is, it doesn't lead to much except weird horror or live action stuff
wild to think that the original version of walt disney's fursona finally belongs to the public
HES DEAD
I don't understand something, I recently remade the entirety of steamboat willie in a retro video game style and was publishing it today, but I couldn't post it to YouTube because it has copyright material, but it doesn't anymore, everyone else is posting it with no editing or anything and it's not being taken down, am I doing something wrong??
Hooray for Congressional disfunction! I'm sure they would have extended it if they weren't too busy bickering over who gets to whole the fancy hammer and trying to shut down the government
What’s the legal difference between modern Micky and steam boat Micky
Disney has destroyed the copyright system. Corporate dragons sitting on copyright hoards.
41551st
Im gonna use steam boat willie as a middle finger to Disney for what they have done to entertainment .
so its not just steamboat willie- the silent version of Plane Crazy and the 1928 short Gallopin' Gaucho also enter public domain today. Next year Mickey will gain his white gloves for public use as well.
edging to mickey
Let my rodent go!😅
Guess what else just entered the public domain?  *Steamboat Bill, Jr.* (1928), the Buster Keaton movie of which *Steamboat Willie* is a parody.  Keaton's movie, in turn, took its title from a popular song written in 1911 (which, of course, is also in the public domain).
I'm going to make a new version of "Steamboat Willy" that's, and hear me out because I think this is a 1 in a million idea, AN R RATED HORROR COMEDY FULL OF GORE in which MICKEY IS THE BAD GUY AND SAYS THE WORD FUCK.
i always thought they could renew a copyright contract? idk im not very educated in these things
I dont care if Mickey mouse is copywrote(?) forever. Ugh, they can keep him.
disnay just kept extending it
How long before a "Steamboat Willy" parody appears on a porn site?
Honestly can't wait to see what people will do with Mickey Mouse, some already have done some creative stuff with him way before the copyright expired.
It's funny how much Disney guards their copyright considering the fact that a lot of their movies are just retellings of fairytales that weren't theirs to begin with.
Full gear luffy vs steamboat willie
Intellectual property rights should be only legally able to be held by people, not corporate entities.
You should now add Mickey to your Cinematic Universe, maybe in phase 2
Nosferatu's returning to SpongeBob BAYBEEEEEEEEE...
I can't wait to see how Disney undoes this.
Hello
I’m gonna make something new without using somebody else’s properties
Free mouse free mouse 🐁
this is insane
I wonder how long it will be until a Mickey Mouse horror film is produced? They've done it with Winnie the Pooh and Bambi...
It's the icing on the 🎂 of the bad year Disney has had.😂
Good riddance to this BS length copyright and it's length.
I uploaded a compilation of the three PD Mickey cartoons, and ContentID has blocked the video in "Czechia, Germany, Greece, Italy, Poland, Spain, Switzerland" for "Steamboat Willie" and  "Argentina, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Bulgaria, Chile, Croatia, Cyprus, Czechia, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Honduras, Hungary, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Morocco, Netherlands, Nicaragua, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Türkiye, United Kingdom, United States, Uruguay" for "The Gallopin' Gaucho".  Waiting to see how the dispute I filed goes, as almost every country listed is a co-signer to the Berne Convention and the 1971 Paris Treaty.
I think the start of this will force Disney to start innovating and less repeating of the same IPs. Steamboat Willy, as well as Mickey Mouse, is a beloved favorite, but they can’t rely on it for life. They need to be pushed to creative new things. Public domain is good for that
Not only did Mickey become public domain, Steamboat Willie also contains the first appearance of Minnie! Also, the same year, 1928, saw the release of the second Mickey Mouse short: Gallopin' Gaucho; that's also public domain now as well as the silent version of Plane Crazy!
Abolish IP. That’s all, have a great new year
This makes me want to make a platformer starrring Steamboat Mickey called "Fortress of Illusion" that is straight up a fan sequel to Castle of Illusion.
I ❤ Mickey Mouse! Disney is the best! The House of Mouse!   [COMMENT REDACTED] 😂 I NOw SEE MY COMMENT IS INNAPO..😅
I don't care about public domain, my country has good intelectual property laws and I just steal what I want
The fact that people are asking 'why is Mickey entering the public domain' instead of 'why didn't this happen 50 years ago' is a good indicator of how much corporations have already won the battle to own our culture. And to anyone who still doesn't understand the importance of the public domain, ask yourselves - what would you say is 'classic culture' (Homer, Shakespeare, Bach) and what is 'modern culture' (Beatles, Star Wars, the Marvel Cinematic Universe)? Where is the border that separates the two kinds of culture we experience? I think you'll find that while fuzzy, the border is somewhere in the early 20th century... in fact, probably somewhere in the 1920s. And now you know why.
Next update: Copywrite lasts 213 yrs
South Park is going to go nuts!
Someone needs to make a movie where the Steam Boat Willie Mickey Mouse starts a small movie business that slowly becomes a corrupt, greedy, monopolistic film empire and loses all its core values in the pursuit of more money. Then if Disney gets mad and tries to sue they’d just be proving that that’s the truth
Fabulous little video, thanks!
How do you feel about being the "public domain guy" now?
The current copyright law is insane. Even having 20 years of protecton since creation would be more than enough to earn billions of dollars for the corporation
My nigga was SO ready for this 😂😂😂
Shouldnt companies be able to retain their intelectual properties in perpetuity til the company dissolves though?
I think what I’m gonna do is make a generic cartoon mouse that just happens to wear a sailor outfit, and can be drawn in an old timey style that looks less like just Mickey, and more of a hodgepodge of different old timey cartoons, like Fleischer studios.
👎
Cue the sub-par horror film that is obligated to come
Finally, now we can get some talented artists to make some short cartoons in the same style as the old ones. Horror might be funny, but I'd really like to see some of the old grayscale shenanigans again.
But guys... Someone made a Winnie-the-Pooh SLASHER MOVIE, so public domain is bad and we should allow corporations permanent rights to concepts.     The above is a joke, and it's sad I need to say that.
A great start to the year 😁 thanks for sharing
I really admire what you're doing with the public domain golden age superheroes,Austin.Happy New Year🎉
So what happens if I tried to share Steamboat Willie on YouTube and it was blocked “due to copyright”?  I can sue Disney, right?
Yeah, I'm still upset with Disney for getting the copyright term extended.  But as you pointed out, even though Steamboat Willie is finally in the public domain, that doesn't allow for just any Mickey Mouse material to be created--there are still limits. And also as you pointed out, there's still trademarks.  But what's really going to be interesting is digging into all the lesser known material that became public domain for lost treasures.   Material that's been legally restricted from use because of the length of the copyright term.
Really my only complaint here is that 95 years is still way, WAY too long... if we'd stuck to the original 28 years, Star Wars would be public domain by now! Think what kind of a media landscape that would result in.
THERE WILL BE PORN! IT IS INEVITABLE!
copyright is weird its the government protecting giant corporations and small artists defend it hoping someday to get to the table and need it as if it was made for them
So! Steamboat Willie Mickey Mouse adaptation from Austin McConnell?
Finally, I can publish my Mickey Mouse X Winnie the Pooh erotica
Streambot Willard.
Trade mark still on it
I’m making a poяn.. specifically “steamboat Willie” is perfect for the screenplay I’ve been working on
Copyright should be abolished given how China ignores it.
5:45 Sherlock Holmes: and the wizard of oz, sounds like a fire novel,  "its quite elementary Watson he isn't a Wizard at all but a man hiding behind technology" (pulls back curtain) "My Goodness Holmes, you've done it again"
Finally I can Rewrite The History of Mickey Mouse so that all of my Dark Fantasies can Come True!
MY THOUGHTS ON A IDEAL SYSTEM: 27 years for special cases 9 years minimum 18 medium 72 years for religious texts
Peter Pan‘a rights are a little more complicated, as J M Barrie left the rights to Great Ormond Street Children’s Hospital, so I’d be careful with that one…
I just realized why Netflix did All Quiet on the Western Front recently. One last squeeze.
One of the big things regarding public domain is access to cheap generic medicines which in turn can preserve human life.
Does this also mean that creators have to use a drastically different voice to voice mickey?
Remember everbody, its not just Sreamboat Willie, but also Plane Crazy, the other Mickey short Disney made in 1928.
D¡sney was too busy making pedarast and woke content to remember to lobby for it again.
For viewers from Germany: BE CAREFUL - in Germany,  Steamboat Willie will remain under Disney's copyright until 2042. This is because of a bilateral treaty from 1892 (!!) in which the US copyright ("works enter the public domain 95 years after publication") and the German copyright ("works enter the public domain 70 years after the death of all the authors") fuse into basically "whichever copyright lasts longer". So Disney can still sue you for using Steamboat Willie in Germany. And that is just awful.   If you want to look up this treaty search for "Urheberrechtsübereinkommen zwischen dem Deutschen Reich und den USA".
this is why miles morales exists lol
Greatly anticipating the see-through artist drawings of Mickey peeing on the back windows of cars everywhere, just like those Calvin drawings.
Open world pirate rpg game with Steamboat Willie as a villain protagonist.
The Sky Pirates were right.
I enjoy the dichotomy between patents and copyrights. If someone creates a useful invention or drug, then they have the patent for 20 years after they created it, but, if someone creates a book, movie, or a play, then they get to have copyright for their entire life time plus 75 years for their heirs.
nice
The Willie's free. We all love the Willie.
if anything patent and copyright law should be reduced because the speed of change we experience  now is far greater than it was when copyright was initially conceived
So, I presume we'll just get bland and boring horror flicks using yet another childhood character?   Because god forbid we do something with meaning that actually critiques Disney using their own characters.....
finally, legal mickey hentai is possible
Disney has been on such a huge decline as of late, them losing their mascot is such a great symbolic act LMAO
Cartman vs Steamboat Willie With a Vengeance!
As a person who loves Disney movies, I see this as an absolute win, because Disney absolutely sucks. They make good stuff, but suck. Screw you, Disney!
“Do we really want to live in a world where a company could just create endless works soley for the purpose of fencing off ownership rights?”  **Sony Spider-Man has entered the chat**
To be anti intellectual property is to be Anti Property.
There are two other mickey mouse cartoons going into public domain this year 2024. With more next year.
Put mickey mouse in the superzeros
So he’s good if he has some weird hat and a grey suit
The leftyloonieswill be screaming reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee THAYS RACIST!!!
My favorite example of public domain adaptation is easily Little Shop of Horrors  Went from a decent B horror movie to a Broadway musical made musical movie
Fun fact, a Food company in Paraguay actually uses Mickey's face as their logo and to this day Disney has failed to stop them (they have actually lost in court against them even) Fittingly, the company's brand is...Mickey
The fanfics of Mickey will now become the official. The game is up, Disney.
this is one of those cases where there are actually decent points on both sides. HOWEVER. i will still be drawing mickey mouse because: f*ck em lol.
Here's my pitch,  It's basically the Disney Jungle Cruise movie. Same cast. The Rock's character is named Steamboat Willie, and he never wears a shirt.
You totally should put some version of Mickey somewhere in your cinematic universe. It'd be so fun!
there should be a 5 year limit on copyrights.
I think 30 years is a good expiration date for copyright.
It would have been cool if you'd have shown when whatever is shown on screen is set to enter the Public Domain.
not good
"I don't say this to everyone, but you'd be perfect as my sidekick."
Good luck with that. They also own that animation as a traid mark as part of there logo
I would like to note that it wasn't that "lawmakers have had enough" but that 1. one political party has essentially declared a cultural war on Disney, and that party almost always has enough votes to shut down a copyright extension bill, and 2. at this point many if not most politicians in the other party have genuinely become wary of copyright extension.  It's not really a good-faith shift in policy and if there was somehow a way to exempt Disney from the copyright extension, then point #1 above wouldn't be a factor.
Frankly, as an artist and writer, I like the copyright protection.  I like knowing that my work is mine for as long as I'm alive. Once I'm dead, I dont care lol. Its a hot take, I know
Omg
I didn't know Mickey Mouse was in the public domain and all that stuff bossman
THE MOUSE IS OURS. THE TIME HAS COME.
I just want to know if Warner Bros can now bring back Foxy, the first Merrie Melodies star.  He was in three cartoons back in 1931, but then Disney threatened to sue because of how much he looked like Mickey; he wasn't seen again until 1992, in an episode of "Tiny Toon Adventures" that featured a watered-down version of him.
I'm calling him Cuphead Mickey lol.
I know this sounds weird but is it possible you can put steamboat Willie in your cinematic universe I'm talking about the boat
Commenting 4 algorithm
It's also public domain because that's what you pay in return for copyright in the first place. The whole point of copyright is to have stuff fall into public domain rather than having artists keep it locked up. It means you can sell DVDs without it being widely distributed legally, rather than only showing movies in restricted settings like theaters.
If you ever feel dumb just remember grngos dont know the difference between a Continent and a Country
It's time! Let's band together and make a Steamboat Willie horror movie!  The Curse of Willie
Always wondered. Could i now take those Mickey Mouse Movies. Put them on a DVD like they are. And then sell that DVD? Not that anyone would probably buy it. Especially from some random guy and not directly from Disney in high Quality.
bro REALLY tried to make "owning the rights to your creations" sound bad
I'm gonna need some Steamboat Willie DLC for Cuphead asap
The pros you listed are pie in the sky. Disney should not be able to copyright fairy tales, but public domain kills the property.
about time !
Copyright expired. -Seymour Skinner
Gonna be an unpopular opinion, but i completely disagree.  Popular icons being public domain is going to destroy creativity and im extremely anxious about the current wave of characters companies are losing access too.   We currently have THREE ongoing different interpretations of Batman in cinemas alone. We have 3 on going spiderman franchises too. If they were public domain, every single movie coming out would either be branded batman or spiderman instead of them being limited to use from a single studio each. Yes thats an exaggeration, but barely.  Think of the loss of new ideas and new worlds we'll suffer when people can just use pre established worlds if they want. George Lucas famously wanted to make a Flash Gordon movie, but couldnt get the the rights, so he turned that idea into star wars. If flash gordon was public domain, *we wouldnt have star wars*. Thats no exaggeration. Thats fact. Now imagine what we'll lose when star wars goes public domain. Im so surprised youre advocating for this less than a week after IT HAPPENED AGAIN. Zach Snyder wanted to make a Star Wars movie. Disney said no. So he made his own IP in Rebel Moon. Locking away IP leads to the greatest possible proliferation of new ideas because it encourages creation. You painted this as a bad thing and as a creative person i dont understand that perspective. I dread specifically batman going public. Im not sure you've thought through the long term ramifications of what youre advocating.   On a more personal/subjective note, i dont think 95 years is long enough because i think its insane that i could make something and then within my childrens lifetime my estate could lose access to the sole ownership of my work.
This is a great explainer of how copyright terms and the public domain work. Thank you Austin
The Mouse Is Out Of The Cage.
This is indeed a great day for the public domain, but it shouldn't have taken this long to get here. 95 years is way too long. I think copyright lengths should return to what it was with the copyright act of 1909. You have 28 years, and you can renew it for 28 more years, giving you 56 years in total. This is what it should be. Because I think works from the 1920's should've been in the public domain decades ago. And 56 years is in my opinion a good amount. Works from the late 1960's and early 1970's would enter the public domain in the 2020's. As much as I like The Beatles, I'm pretty sure a lot of younger people don't even care about music and movies from the 1960's. So why keep these works protected if no one cares about them anymore? The answer is greed, in my opinion. There should definitely be a new copyright act that would shorten the copyright length for the first time in history, because of the internet. Because of remixes and what not, people are treating everything like public domain anyways, and then wonder why they're being screwed over by greedy media companies with copyright takedowns.
I found it so funny disney basically threw a public hissy fit in a statement saying that steamboat willy is the only version of mickey mouse that's allowed to be used, when that's not how copyright works. The character himself if public now, the only things that are copyrighted still are the various animations and stories disney has put out over the years. The copywrite was made for the character NOT specifically the steamboat willie cartoon. for example, a recent story that became public domain was whinnie the pooh. now disney has their own version of him that is copyrighted still, however, many people have made their own versions and stories with the character, why, because it's the character that's public, not the specific story. that's why there was a horror movie. it was so losely based on it that it became it's own thing, and people can just do that with mickey mouse now.  it's the same with a lot of other properties too. another example is if you want to use captain nemo from 20k leagues under the sea for your own original story, you can, cus the character is public, not just the story
As someone who likes to make things, with all due respect. I actually like that mine is mine for the rest of my life. Gentalmen please, get original
Oh god, I'm scared to see what comes out of this 😂
Yup, I would be suprised if disney did not at least try. If not I am sure they are not still upset by it, and probably dread what others will do with free use of steam boat willie.
Southpark is going to love this. They hated the mouse before and just imagein what they can do now!!
I do sincerely hope that many of the copyright extensions get repealed. They do little but stagnate innovation.
Remember that by featuring the short at the beginning of their most recents movies, Disney is making this older version of mickey mouse also part of their brand identity and they will use this argument to stop anyone from making anything significant with it.
the name Mickey has lost all meaning to me with how many times it was mentioned in this video
I love the Spider Queen audiobook!
In college I had blotter LSD with the Mickey Mouse Sorcerer's Apprentice image. The chemist probably owes Disney some licensing fees. Maybe they'll switch to Steamboat Willie to avoid them.
Was it this year or last year the Metropolis became public domain
To be fair, what can you even do with "Steamboat Willie?" There really isn't much to it.
There are actually two shorts that came before Steamboat Willie, I me of them being the actual first short that Mickey Mouse and his girlfriend Minnie ever appeared in, “Plane Crazy”. I wonder why people usually gloss over those two shorts, making them easily forgotten.
Woaho! I’m gonna make some weird shit!
Soon I'll be able to make the best romance story ever still have to wait to 31 or 33
Having written a few books, I would be willing to give permission to any studio to make a movie about any of my books for some compensation.
7:06 Hell yeah! I thought about something like a public domain Avengers before
Time to make Rule 34 of Mickey Mouse
Happy new years to all and to all a fun mickey adaption!!!!🥳🥳🥳🥳
I'm waiting for the very bad MIcky Mouse Horror movie.
Steamboat Willie is still a trademark, they play the clip before every Disney Animation, so be careful how you use it, you still could end up in civil legal trouble.
How interesting never thought i would live to see the day but here we our that damn mouse finally left disney's hands, well one version that is but we take our wins where we can get them.
As a writer myself I have… ideas.
Disney is dead.
You can’t own history is a sticking point of mine, it annoys me when people try to.
Here comes Blumhouse’s “Steambook Willie Micky vs. Cthulhu” movie. SMH.
More than 150,000 results found for your search 'Steamboat Willie rule 34'
While it'll definitely be funny seeing all the ridiculous Micky Mouse parodies throwing shade at Disney, I hope that's not all this moment is known for. Honestly, using the character in more fun and original ways would be a better critique of the current state of Disney anyway.
How about we introduce legislature that reverses copyright length back down to like 70 or 40 years?
Remember that Walt Disney built his empire retelling his own animated version of stories that were in the public domain.
To anyone who wants to defend Disney's copyright, remember that the company once stopped a couple from putting Winnie the Pooh on the gravestone of their dead child.
Nebula release?
They'll just remake it so close, if you try they'll get you for using the remake
But Mickey is still trademarked. The work of Steamboat Willie may be in the PD but he's still protected.
If the 14 years (28 whit renewal) was still in place Emulation of older game systems and rom sharing would probably be 100% legal. I imagine Private servers for odl MMOs as long as its old pre current expansion versions that are still going would be too.
When gaming companies stop supporting games and close down servers they should then automatically become public domain. If you're not going to sell, distribute or make an effort to preserve something then it should be handed over to the public to save it from obscurity.
I still wouldn't dare use Mickey for anything.      Unless you want to get sued to Death.
I love this. Fuck you, Walter!
I assumed that it was 75 years after the author's death worldwide 🤔
We live in such a historic moment indeed. I've got plans to do my own Mickey Mouse story and I'm making sure I can only use what I'm allowed to use and make what needed changes to him to make sure I don't get sued.  Also the extensions made should never have happened in the first. Like you said there's more benefits to be done with more works entering the public domain then just keeping them in eternal copyright. Copyright laws need a serious overhaul and make it around 50 to 56 years as was intended. I've heard about a bill that's made in both 2022 and 2023 that aims to undo the lobbying made years ago and reduce copyright to around 56 years which would be a godsend. Hopefully the bill or at least something like that will get passed sooner or later.
I own him. I can DO WHAT I WANT MUAHAHA
US is just stpfd
Hopefully the internet does not ruin mickey
Watching Valiskibum reupload the full video was a pure joy to see.
So is Micky mouse going to be in your comic book universe now?
Every swap meet, flea market, dollar store, and foreign market: Meh...
Mickey and Minnie can be used by anyone for any purposes they wish!
I just woke up and read this as “Ironmous is free. Something something Dominican Republic” lol  Happy new year!!!
i am scared. i can only imagine what the internet is going to do to this old mickey..
i am scared. i can only imagine what the internet is going to do to this old mickey..
How long until we get a crappy horror flick based on Steamboat Willie?
Free mice? Where??
waiting near 100 years for something to enter public domain is nuts.
No further extension has nothing to do with Disney pissing of the Republican owned house. "Disney slams Florida's Parental Rights in Education".
Can't wait for the Mickey Mouse cameo in Superzeroes
Thank you! You are the first person I've watched on this topic in the past year who has mentioned the Trademark. MickeyViews and DSNY Newcast were the only others who went deeper into discussing how the new Disney Studios movie intro strategically took the whistling frames from Steamboat Willie and used it in their Trademarks to protect that arrangement of frames making it so you can play the entire video but not just that section as it would violate the TM. Disney plays 5D chess: Space, Time, and Legal Positioning.
RELEASE THE FLOODGATES!!!
If I were elected to congress, I would try to reduce/reverse this, the FCC Fairness Doctrine, and Telecommunications Act '96. I mean, the cards are stacked way against it, but the fight would be glorious.
I'm excited to see what people will do with the DC trinity once they reach public domain, because we can't have a 'blood and honey' situation with most DC characters because DC themselves have made evil and horror versions of these characters, superman has had a bunch of evil versions through the last half century so I can't see people trying to make more of this because it is already becoming somewhat stale, same applies to Batman to a much larger extent thanks to elseworld stories and the horror theme that has become a part of Batman as a whole. I personally can't wait for when they go to public domain because Marvel will be able to put them in their comic universe, in 10 years... Spiderman teaming up with Superman and Batman regularly could be within our reach
No disney will not let this happen. The moment someone profitable tries to use it they'll find some legal loophole
This mickey was historical for the entire animation industry but now any one can use him which is super crazy😂   Edit: guys thanks for 111 likes crazy numbers I wanna hit 1111 likes
Can't they re buy the thing instead of letting it go into public domain?
So how can someone use steam boat Willy without Disney claiming “that’s Mickey Mouse”? They are very very similar
We did it Reddit
That 1930s style MOUSE FPS game is about to have the BEST secret boss or protag reveal.
Is funny that the US and Mexico are the ones that have one of the longest wait times to Public domain. I wanted to look for a Mexican Super Hero comic (Kaliman) that was released in the 60s because my mom used to love those comics as a child, but as researching the topics i found that Mexico any material will be public domain after 100 years wtf.
I can appreciate the need for a sensible copyright law. However, the creative game is rigged in favor of big companies who were established decades ago. Do I want to see my culture monopolized by mega corporations? Heck no! That's why I adore the public domain. I've made a number of my own creations open-source (meaning that they are effectively public domain even though still own the rights legally) and I'm currently developing a series of audio adventures based on Fox's original Blue Beetle (inspired by his classic radio show). I'm also super psyched for three years from today when the pulp version of The Shadow becomes public domain. I've got big plans for then.
Steamboat Willie Hentai will be all over the place now.
6377th
SteamPunk Willie!
mickey probably gonna be added to the bbcu phase 2
So what are you going to do with Steamboat Willie?
Free the Mickey , say that in Cork, Rep of Ireland, you will get a look
Ill pass I prefer Bugs
Music to my ears
Ooh
Can't wait for the upcoming Mickey Mouse horror movie
But we already have a Steamboat Willie horror movie, it's called Cape Fear.
I hate the idea that stuff remains untouchable for five entire generations.   That's absolute nonsense.
checkmate Disney...buy bye
The most ironic thing is that Disney got much of its own popularity by working with characters and stories from the public domain...
My idea is to do a League of Extraordinary Gentlemen style story with Sherlock Holmes, Winnie the Pooh and the Metropolis robot going on adventures aboard Mickey's steamboat.
Happy New Year
Would have been cool if you had shown a list/run-down of all the stuff in the public domain this year - maybe something you can do next time?
:}{ D
Can't wait to see Micky bouncing around at that wheel for hours to the sound of LoFi beats
F.. Disney ! Let's make something out of this
not first
The copyright expires 70 years after the author's death. So, Public Domain Day will be in 2036.
Remember kids: Intellectual property isn’t real property!
aha! hahuhah... you know you have to release me soon, right.. waltuh?  STEAMBOAT KILLER - in theaters nevervember
Dissney delenda est
Think about this....  in 95 years this video will be public domain.
I thought about making a video game franchise
Cool story bro
Wow
We need copyright to go back to the original 14 years, I'm sick of monopolies controlling all entertainment. If only the government actually worked...
I am glad Michael Mouse is free for public use. God bless the public domain
Time to make a Mickey Mouse dart board
I can’t believe I lived to see the day.
This should be a yearly video! An overview of the public domain for the coming year
Also it doesn't even decrease the incentive or pay for the writer. There is literally zero incentive for an exec to pay someone more because they know they'll own the work 90 years after they die instead of 80, or 200, because the exec will not be alive then. Publisher's interests are within the lifepsans of those who own them. The author loses nothing, no incentive is lost, and I'd bet almost all artists would rather people be eventually able to use their work, they have no reason to want the publisher to control it forever, they gain nothing from that. Fanfiction is the ultimate vindication of a writer.
It's crazy something like this  and happy late new year
Lol, people in the comments going, "We should repeal ALL copyrights."  I hope you guys the best... that you create something AMAZING and that SOMEONE ELSE makes the millions and billions from it by the end of the year.  I mean, sure, the current 95-year copyright law is extremely excessive, but going as far as completely abolish copyright would probably crush creativity. How many artists have drawn their inspiration from other works? Now without copyright law, how many of those works would never have existed?
I take it that Mickey's colors are not PD?
So now I can make a theme park about the ship mouse.
News: "Vintage Mickey Mouse to become public domain as of 2024!"  Disney: 🧐  News: "Copyright laws related to public domain to see a drastic overhaul as of 2024!"
Little did we know, Walt Disney would summon the army of death terminator mice to take over the world's government. Game over.
woah
Well, Disney went woke and broke, no money for lawyers now ;-D
epic mickey 3 can be real now
Also the copyright of photos of a photograph/painting
We need: 10 hours of hand drawing mickey mouse video!
HOORAY
fuck ip laws
Jan 1, 2024 my birthday🎉🎉🗿🗿
Copyright shouldn't last more than 50 years in my opinion, if ever. I don't care if we are talking Star Wars, Star Trek, or even Walt Disney...
Steamboat Willy is open now? Disney did not manage to stretch copyright further? Some, however small, piece of mind has happened, corporations might not rule wholesale, just mostly.
Very Uppity Obsession with Demonizing Copyright for Totally No Good reason   Perhaps Discuss Nonsensical Medical Copyright?   There’s Really No Bad Here to a Real Practical Intellectual Human Being
Interestingly in the UK, Peter Pan's copyright has not, and will not ever, expired. This is due to a special exemption it received, since the Author left all future profits to Charity.
As long as you don't pump all of them into AI, I'm all for reducing copyright period for the enjoyment of all
I can’t imagine the tsunami of weird shit that will be incoming.
Thats cool mickey mouse is public domain but i hope nobody makes a terrible horror movie like winnie the pooh blood and honey
Don't forget it has to be the steam boat willy version of Mickey Mouse.
I read the sequel to Dracula a year or 2 ago it was so bad I lobbied to increase the copyright limit to 1000 years. Then I realized it was written by the estate of Stoker, so there's nothing I can do, except just stick to the original of this and so many other works that were done better the first time. If you're really creative, you don't need to use others' works as your springboard, just write, paint, compose or design something of your own.
Would be wonderful to live in a world where for example Star Wars was public domain, and anyone who wanted to could make remakes, video games, fan films, etc. I mean, to a certain degree they can, but they have to be indie and non-commercial enough for _Lucasfilm_ Disney not to care. Imagine all the cool stuff fans could make if they were given free reins.
Bro that bitrate at the start 📉
Disney themselves got big in the first place thanks to their own adaptations of public domain stories. So the fact that they are now it's worst enemy is quite ironic.  They used the public domain to destroy the public domain.
THIS SI FUCKING BASED !!!
So does this mean that mickey mouse r34 is canon now?
They Can’t Stop The Impossible   Time to… Not Do Anything with It
Steamboat Willie is PD now because Di*n*y ticked off the extreme right, and so no more copyright extensions!
82nd comment
Other charactors that are coming soon to public domain:   Mickey Mouse (2024) Pluto (2025) Donald Duck (2029) Superman (2033) The characters from J.R.R. Tolkien’s The Hobbit (2033) James Bond (2034) Batman (2034) Captain Marvel (DC’s Shazam) (2034) The Flash (Jay Garrick version) (2035) Captain America (2036) Aquaman (2036) Wonder Woman (2036)  Things are gonna get WILD. 😂
😊😊😊
I'm not terribly creative, but I am excited that a bunch of early talkies are coming of age.
In the words of my papa (when asked to work for him out of highschool) "Fuck Disney" lol
I want to see how this will turn out.
FUCK the copyright system, hopefully one day it will change
This video was uploaded at 13:40
Can't wait for youtubers making entire intros from Steamboat Willie
Honestly, the idea of anything I make inevitably entering public domain kind of deters me from wanting to make anything at all. Especially as someone who likes to publish nothing and create only for myself.
My question is... Say I want to find public domain works, whether they be movies, comics, music, animations, books, all of it- Where do I look? Granted there is that wonderful video of yours that covers public domain characters/stories that you encouraged your viewers to write about to get past writers block, wonderful video by the way, but I wanted to find some obscure Public Domain figures/characters/etc of my own to take a crack at, make something truly unique with them, but I'm not even sure where to start looking. Your stuff inspires me every day and I'm excited to see Atlas, more of Cat-Man, and all the other stuff you got cooking!
The mouse is ours, boys.
I love Public Domain, and I feel like every character should enter it. Except any characters that exist in shared fictional universes, like Marvel, DC, and Star Wars. Those can stay forever copyright imo
Why is this scary
And hey next year even more Mickey Mouse cartoons will enter the public domain! Such as Plane Crazy and The Karnival Kid, where Mickey spoke for the first time.
the mouse is finally free, idk if this is a good or bad thing, maybe both
Please do Superman & Wonder Women next.
Superman and Batman becoming public domain in 10 years is about to be insane.
Superman and Batman, bring yo asses to the stage!!
Hi
when the big IPs enter public domain is when they'll get in the hands of people who actually give a shit and maybe we'll finally get some good stories again
Speaking democratization, Austin, do you think YouTube should make watch time of videos public information next to the view count? Considering that YouTube values watch time more than views.
Watching Steamboat Willie appear on the front page of Wikipedia was awesome to see in real-time.
growing up characters like Mario and Sonic the Hedgehog were in so many dirty vulgar parodies online it gave a sense that they were almost like folkloric characters that were a launchpad for the creativity of young people. I used to make mario romhacks and it taught me everything I know about computers. Hell I learned how to draw by drawing mario.
In my opinion, Mickey is one of the most dangerous characters to use in a New project or anything. Even if his first version is now in Public Domain... I wish to see a new project made by Austin with this version of Mickey.
I still think it'd be really cool if all copyright law everywhere was repealed
Steamboat willie in Moby Dick part 2: Moby's Revenge! Starring Kevin Costner
you can bet that you'll still get a copyright strike on youtube if you use any of this though
It's insane that an author's great-grandchildren, who never even met the author, get royalties and licensing fees for whatever the author created decades before they were even born. Just completely nuts.
I wish everything Disney had went into the public domain, perhaps they would focus on new stuff instead of remakes.
Hi Austin! They might be a nightmare to use, but most of Charlton Comics characters like Peacemaker, Blue Beetle (Ted Kord), and The Question are all in the public domain and can be used in your superzeroes universe!
Well Mickey isn’t really public domain  but it would be nice to see the original publication.
People are commenting without even watching the video. Everyone trying to be one of the first in order to get likes. What the actual Hell!
We're making a cartoon based on public domain characters! Support it here: https://bit.ly/CatManKICK
God, I'm imagining all the creative freedom we can muster 😂  Edit: i just wanna say Austin. You've been a massive inspiration and i cannot wait to start publishing what I've been writing.
I CAN NOT. Wait, for people to Disrespect THE FUCK outta that damn Mouse. Fuck Disney🖕🏾
Eisner failed to protect the rat from entering the public domain, new let’s reverse the Sonny bono act and start making public domain law better
We need to update all copyright laws. MAX copyright should be 50 years after first publication. The “90 years after death of creator” only helps corporations
Can't wait for Mickey Mouse to show up in some bootleg Street Fighter knockoff.
Let's make Epic Mickey 3 guys
I’ve always had a weird fascination with wanting to make a steamboat willie horror film. Something about “doing it good for once” or whatever. Honestly it could be good if it’s used as a context for the fall of industry. Anything but made for money haha.
comment 12
the fact people comment without watching the video is wild
Will Mickey become a background character in the Superzeroes?
Now we are prob gonna be getting a Mickey Mouse horror movie now and I’m in for it if it means getting back at that mouse
Bro I was just watching multiple videos on this 💀
I love you, bro! Keep up the great work with your storytelling in your videos.
he is the last guy who needs to explain the public domain
Let's go
nice
And here we go 😶
It's finally time.
2024 is gonna be the year that Steamboat Willie gets put in horror movies and hentai and whatever else they can think of to insult Disney. Now 2025 is the REAL big year, because that's when we can legally get Steamboat Willie/Popeye the Sailor Man team ups.
