Not long ago Everton was smashing united 4-0 and beating liverpool on anfield 2-0.
Gary brown nose neville
Glazers hold my pint . Criminally bad
Not now
I love when pundits go in at clubs.. I love it more when those clubs upset the league leaders after being laughed at and criticized
Been goin the game since 84. Can't bear to watch us for the last few years. Too many wrong people within the hierarchy of the club as well players bought that didn't do their job.
Jamie goes high pitched,Gary returns with a high pitch note 😂
Yes blame the owners.. Everton has failed because they have the worst premier league manager of all time managing it . Grow a pair and admit it it’s your English mate who is rubbish. A decent Chelsea player who is a worst manager. You both  didn’t think twice bashing one of the great player of the world.. you both are JOKERS
Typical bin dipper defending other bin dippers
Feel for the fans don't derseve this Everton fc bad bad feelings no signings going down  hope not can't see any way out off this😡
Whenever these 2 argue, it sounds like too rubber ducks got into a fight
Nope man utd are the worst run club in the pl so there both very wrong
Seriously though Everton have had issues for decades. Liverpool have had their dramas with owners as well.  Your scouting team should be sacked because you have bought some crap over the last 6 years.
Well at least Liverpool can use Everton's new ground as a kick about
Typical Scouser - threatening violence against the board is OK 'if it happened', but telling people about it is 'throwing the fans under the bus'.
Premier league biased
I would say there's worse clubs run in the country, the prem maybe but there's far worse run clubs that have barely any money to their name because of the negligence of the owners
English ppl cant coach and their players are overrated. 😂.
Everton supporters chased away their: highest non-penalty xG highest shots on target 2nd highest dribbles attempted 2 highest touches in opp. box per90 highest tackles in final third highest sprits per90  and lost 20,000,000 in the process
Wonder where these so called pro pundits get their foresight from ? do these prats really know better than a clubs owner, or manager, I think not. Wonder why they have never tried their hand at football management,apart from Nevilles failure.
Pity they let go of Rooney wouldn’t be in this situation
gary Neville is a doughnut.
They ain’t. But as per usual sky pundits don’t see past the first division
True comments about Newcastle, the fans are happier that Mike Ashley is gone than anything.
Everton are far from the worse run club in the country. Premier league maybe but not country
Not worse  run then  birmingham  City
Even Carlo Ancelotti looked like he was past his best when he was managing Everton but less than a year after leaving for Real Madrid he won them a league & CL double. They had no right to win that year's CL. So it's pretty obvious who's at fault here.
Spare a thought for me I go for Everton and the Essendon Bombers
He's right, Everton are even more of a joke than my beloved Nottingham Forest.
Everton v ARSENAL next
Could someone get Jamie to finish a sentence and maybe even a story  ? Wtf have I just sat n listened to ...
Board has too go everton fans wont allow them too stay all good managers gone
Believe me, Everton are not the worse run club in the country.
Needs proper wingers and attacker
I'm a QPR fan, and let me tell you from my own experience....they're definately not.
Gary talks a lot for a disastrous manager and an average defender.
Many teams suffer from the 'Tino' syndrome. Tino Asprilla, a good player but not great, disrupted what was arguably the best Newcastle United side in several decades back in 96-98. Erik Lamela did the same for Spurs 2013-2021. There was no way Spurs would win anything with him in the squad. The Everton disruptor is Calvert-Lewin who at best is a League 1 player but has had illusory 'greatness' attached to him at Goodison. Until he goes, Everton will be a confused squad lacking direction no matter who is the manager.
Everton supporters are awful, as are their red cousins. ManUre and City fans aren't much better. Maybe it's a NW thing.
Like Neville says Everton are all over the spectrum
‘worst run club in the country’ have a day off
What I wanna know is why we haven't signed tetley, we are approaching deadline day, spend 5 million if we have to
An ex-Everton fan? What does that mean from Jamie?
They need to get Dyche in ASAP, and stop spending ridiculous money on bang average players.
As a toon fan. What's the difference between us and Everton when we had Mike Ashley. Everyone in the league and pundits called nufc fans delusional unfair spoilt out of touch.  YET everyone is supporting Everton fans for what they are doing to the board which is far worse than what nufc did.  Mike Ashley spent zero on training facilities zero, players were using wheelie bins as ice baths and paddling pools , then lowest amound of money spent on stadium.  Transfers Mike Ashley made profit yes that's right made profit. That because he sold players and pocketed the money and got loan and free players and never reinvested 15m a year in transfer average . Hence the two relegations. He took advertisement sponsorship.out of nufc and plastered his ugly brand sports direct  all.over st james'. Everton are getting  brand spanking new stadium 500mill on players. Granted players aren't great and a waste of money but regardless the point is their owner invested 500 million and a new stadium   So stop saying everyon fans have been hard done by and people shouldnt be supporting the way they are acting.  No other chairman would invest the amount this board have done.  Opinion welcome. If I'm wrong in a few things then fine. PS I DO LIKE EVERTON AND JUST POINTING OUT THAT ITNUNFAIR TREATMENT FROM ONE SET FANS WHO.GOTNNOTHING TO ANOTHER SET OF FANS WHO HAVE HAD ALOT
The dictionary should add Carra to the word "but".
It's funny that he should say that nobody knows their club better than the fans. When Venkys took Blackburn over and put Kean in charge, let John Williams go, who was that well respected in the game his next job was at City. They were under the control of Kentaro, who were ripping them off and putting their own people in the club.   We had no choice but to voice it, and we were absolutely lambasted by the media, pundits, Alex Ferguson and Moyes went in hard on our fans. And yes, some people take it too far, and the atmosphere around the club was toxic. But it wasn't until two years later that Jim White spoke to a representative of the fans' groups that elements of the media started to put the fans' side of the story across. By which time the horse had bolted, we were on the express train through the Championship to League One.   So, when fans are becoming toxic the media should find out why. Rather than regurgitating the spin of six figure PR agencies paid for by the club to promote the agenda of the cronies in charge.
Carra and Neville are absolutely clueless.  The owner's responsibility is to get a good manager and back transfers. That's it. The manager is everything.  Newcastle are flying because of Howe. Liverpool because of Klopp.  Utd are improving because of Ten Haag. It's all about the manager.  This blame the owner's garbage that Neville started is rubbish.
Carra: In Liverpool you back your own.......hypocrit supported Everton and then didnt back then as they won nothing, and went to Liverpool
We need a Monday night football on a podcast! I love it but can’t always catch it because it’s so late on at night and clips aren’t as good as the whole shabam
The owner has brought in several excellent managers and they've had some okay finishes in the league (8th and 10th a few times) and every one has been hounded out by those awful fans. I think Carragher is far too emotional to comment on this properly.  I'm also not really into this "people in Liverpool stick together" nonsense. They do get very bad press (but so do other places, especially in the north), and they've been victimised in the past, but that doesn't give them carte blanche to just do whatever they want without consequences.   I really hope they go down and they can reset because I just find them so frustrating.
One club that had a sustained plan for a period with similar managers and by their size and level had success was Swansea City
Everton are not the worst run club in the country, bill are paid, players are paid and arent in risk of administion.
West ham close second
Lampard never once got any sort of criticism it was always give him time his past with Chelsea he's English. Yet somehow ETH who has done wonders is still getting disrespected
100% everton are horribly run top down, but their fans don't help themselves. they campaigned to get Lampard because he argued with Klopp as Chelsea manager. they will tell anyone who will listen Pickford is the best keeper in the country, because he injured Liverpool's best player. meanwhile, they've been in a relegation scrap every season Pickford has been there. this used to be a team just outside the top 4 most seasons. they tolerate failure because they are obsessed with their neighbours.
I love how Carra says things that any Everton fan would tell you show that he knows what  he's talking about, and Neville jumps in to spend four minutes saying nothing whatsoever of substance. Like if all you'd done is read London media for the past year, you wouldn't even get the slightest bit of insight from Neville's part of this.
Everton are the worst team , worst run .  Corrupt ,  nepotism at the core .
It was man United after the 4-0 defeat to Brentford according to Neville . Haven’t mentioned the owners for the last 2 months though 🧐.  Pathetic
Those Everton fans should try following West Ham, nothing to complain about compared to our circus! 🤦🏻‍♂️
They need new owners, new manager, new players..not a new stadium.   Using newcastles example, Everton will get back to being a tough opposition like they were in the 2000s if they can sort it out.     They
Everton are a perfectly run construction corporation. They are the worst run football club in the country, sure, but its not like the owner ever cared about that part anyway.
How are they bottom of the log with those players though. Management issue
Carra is spot on
That's Carra as an Everton supporter, Liverpool supporter, ex-Liverpool player, and pundit all mixed together. Man is half way from becoming the 2nd coming of Johnny sins
Some say Rain Man is Jamie's favourite movie.
It seems that Everton have lost their way for quite a long time and as carra said why has things gone wrong and the entire team need a damn good clearout and start from scratch and rebuild and all clubs go through a clear out and rebuild
Always thought Duncan Ferguson should have been given the job. He came in for a short spell a while back and seemed to do alright.
I feel sorry for managers like Lampard to be fair. You like at Arteta and go ok so Arsenal agreed a project with him over a 3-5 year period, asked him what he needed to get that project done, and went all out to get him what he needed and gave him full rains in the club to do everything he needed to see out that project, and we are only 3 years in! Lampard wasn’t given that same opportunity at Everton (nor at chelsea to be fair) no one sat down with him and said right what’s the 3-5 year plan? What do you need to accomplish it? Here are full rains to do everything you need to do to accomplish them within the club, training ground etc. I think this is why Everton fans are protesting against the owners and not Lampard because it’s the same with every manager you bring in right? Same group of players, same strategy by the club so why expect a different outcome? What’s the plan and how are you going to achieve it? It’s a shame because it should be a much bigger club then it is
Everton could go this time but I back them ynwa 🙏
The way their voices get high when they argue with each other is hilarious  🤣🤣
I think Watford are much worse to be fair.
The WORST run club have to be Manchester United. And have been for a long time now.  Poor on-field recruitment, many times taking the cheaper option (Pellestri, Amad Diallo, Ighalo), no sense of progression at the club, poor maintenance of the stadium & Carrington... Consistently extracting money out of the club...
You can feel the passion and emotion in Carra's voice. He is still an Everton fan of heart I believe. It hurts him personally to see the club in this state. Respect for everything he said - He is right
Laughable that they consider Everton to be the worst run club in the country.   Gents, clubs exist outside of the Premier League. Next season, will Everton be playing in a stadium they own ?   Then they aren't the worst run club in the country.
Everton fan here in complete agreement. We are sh** lol ... But it is not the coaching. I don't even blame Moshri who kept quiet and signed the check on many bad decisions. It is the board that are stuck in the late 80s. It was a miracle we managed to stay up in the 90s. Then Moyes comes in, worked miracles with no money which essentially convinced the board they can continue running the club like a hotel or a small business as opposed to a premier league club. Also the few times they spent money, they have overpaid average players. Sometimes I feel we need relegation as a wake up to just clean house, sort our finances and come back stronger.
Remember 6-7 years ago Everton fans saying going win the league and how they be dominant club in Liverpool when this money man came in.  That went well, shows you need more than money to succeed.  Liverpool fans should be taking note of Chelsea and Everton when demanding they deserve money men in charge of there club.
The root causes of our problems are that we are badly run, and badly managed and we’ve been used to mediocrity for decades
If you want to be in the exact same place you were last season then Franks your man.
I'm pretty sure Gary said players don't fear Messi anymore..
You can tell Carra has a love for Everton  by his emotion in his voice
Never visited Southend United.
Carraghers whole argument destroyed when he finds out his facts were wrong.
I don't see where you can fault Moshiri. He has REALLY backed every manager prior to Benitez and Lampard. I don't think any appointment you can say showed a lack of ambition. Even with big Sam, that appointment had to happen and tbh given time and the right backing could have made a really good dynamic team like Bolton.  Moshiri or MASSIVE trust in the Ancelloti project though and was BADLY let down by him. It was a HUGE blow losing him. If Ancelloti was fully focused and didn't have that wink and nudge from Real I'm pretty sure we'd be seeing Everton really start to establish themselves as a regular European team and be progressing.
Is it not weird that carra identifies as an ex Everton fan?
.. possibly.
@9:54 - @10:20 lol!
Liverpool are doing their best to emulate Everton this year
Everton bought Leicesters scout Steve Walsh.gutted when he left. He scouted Marhez . Kante etc . 🤔
Sky sports desperately trying to Americanise our game. Expected goals?? WTF!!
Carragher is spot on.
Aberdeen: hold my beer
From reading the comments Dyche seems to be the favoured option which I agree with. I think Bielsa is the wrong man with our current squad and league position. If you were a solid 5th to 10th placed team and were looking to kick on then maybe Bielsa might be the guy. I think the situation is too dire to risk putting Bielsa in charge.
these dudes protecting lamaprd still is just laughable
Premier league biased on sky sports. What about Scunthorpe United
Sean Dyche in all day, would sort them right out
So fed up of these two.
At what point do you look at the players? They’ve actually got a good team and have massively under performed the last 3 seasons.
Not sure I’ve ever been so bored
It’s like two babies squeaking at each other because they’ve not been fed
The way Jamie speaks is interesting
As a Liverpool fan, I agree with every single word Jamie’s said here. It’s very sad to see a club like Everton being reduced to relegation fodder, regardless of rivalries. I saw one Everton fan saying about Bill Kenwright, “Imagine someone wants to sell you their car and then says ‘hold on mate, I want to keep the logbook’”. That club has stagnated over years, and the downfall has now come for them. Hopefully for them, they can avoid the drop but, if they do get relegated, the owners would surely have to sell up
Carragher spot on there 👍🏽
How does Gary Neville always manage to shoe in Manchester United into every debate
No. The worst run club in the country is Birmingham city
Regarding the Newcastle comments although we are indeed buzzing about results and our style of play Jamie is right that we're even more happy that Ashley left because we were still buzzing when we were in the relegation zone just so glad to be rid of that scumbag and his lackeys besmirching our beloved club.
they should cash in on jordan pickford now, get relegated & start again
hope everton get relegated, they need it to understand that they're making bad decisions!!! 👍
Gary is right. Everton play best under a bear pit style. Us against them mentality.  Only manager I’ve seen that captures that is Big Dunc but he’s far too inexperienced.    Now if you were to put dunc with someone like Redknapp, Allerdyce or Warnock then that may be a short term fix.
Cardiff are the worst run club by a mile
Bring back Roberto Martinez or Sean Dyche
Fans never kept them up, they don't kick a ball do they, what happened was the players realised they'd take a huge pay cut and struggle to find another club so put effort in. If you think it's the fans that kept them up, it's the fans sending them down at the minute, would you turn up every week for a fanbase that blockades your car and is aggressive to you on way home? Absolutely not
Just for the record, let’s never hear Gary Neville open his hypocritical mouth about Newcastle oweners, he said it was “another story” after 8 minutes in this video, wether you agree or disagree with the Newcastle owners, for the love of god, don’t take their money to commentate and then criticize. Gary Neville is the biggest fake activist in football and he would have one man presented the super league for a price 💰💰💰
I think Charlton take the accolade of worst run club in the country and have done for the past 10 years.  Everton are badly run by Premier League standards, no doubt about that. They have a battle on their hands to stay up.
Newcastle has great footballers? I don't really watch them but that can't be right,can it?
Crawley Town fc are worst run club in England
Still amazes me to this day how Everton got Ancelotti
David moyes
Bielsa would stay about 10 minutes knowing what a shower the board is - can’t see it
I’m waiting Gary to say  “ this is Manchester United “
Carra says " Threats come, its the name of the game, what games that Carra, Gangsters and no marks" what right does a fan have  to send messages of violence to a club owner, what right has a fan got to chase a player driving his car home, to attempt to beat the guy up, what sort of people do you Carra associate with.  No fan has any right to do any of this, yes have banners in the ground, but what does that say to the current team, your useless , no good, get lost, thats not a team any decent player would want to sign for, and dont forget Carra, one nutter everton supporter got on the pitch and tried to attack Raffa, wasnt Raffa the guy who helped LFC go out and win the best ever European Cup Final, and the F.A Cup. Come on Carra lad, Everton Supporters are not all good 98% are but that other 2% are making EFC a club nobody wants to manager nor own.
It’s unfair blame Lampard and say he’s incompetent just from this… UCL winning managers like Ancelotti and Benitez did really poorly too… the club is just really poorly run… u can put Klopp there and they would still be in the relegation zone
At 9:55 there, the squeaky voices from Carra and Gary are absolutely hilarious 🤣  You would think they got turkeys in the studio
Correction Chelsea are the worst run club. Paying 80 mill for bang average players that are only good enough to play for teams like Southampton or Norwich
Imagine thinking Everton are the worst run club in the country. Deary me. What a terrible take. There's at least 5 teams ran worse than them in the championship alone
Everton should go for Vincent kompany
Weird.  Not sure why these two are arguing.  They both agree that the leadership is the problem
Lampard can't make the form of scoring goals, buying maupay and gardener can't function well but a only injured forwarder Dominic  left , who can Everton depend on scoring?
Doesn't matter which manager they bring in now, nothing will change with the current owners, just like with Man Utd, Liverpool... etc.
Actually, Ancelotti did the absolute opposite of fail
The whole of the country wants Everton relegated
Worst ran club in the country? The premier league maybe but country is abit extreme.
I think sky hiring these two has been the best decision made in the last 10 years of punditry. I think deep down they’re friends, but everything riles them up. Great engagement.
Everton should have no problem getting back into the Premiership when they are relegated this season. So many other clubs have successfully rebuilt this way. Following new ownership, this is probably the best outcome for the club.
I dont disagree that they are badly run but when it was benitez there was non of this, they all just said he did badly and that was it
Newcastle fans aren’t just happy because Mike Ashley isn’t there, if they were bottom of the league the fans wouldn’t be happy just because Mike Ashley has left, sometimes feel like Carra doesn’t like Nev and part of him loses it with Nev straight away, almost like anything he says just irritates him so he’ll argue anything with him
Why does Gary always bring Manchester United into every conversation
Man Utd are by far the worst ran team ! In fact there not ran they could not plan lunch !
What about Scunthorpe United and the many other lower league and non league clubs being run out of EXISTENCE. Worst run club in the premier league maybe but definitely not the country
I don’t know what’s going on at Everton but as a West Ham fan, I would say West Ham are the worst run club in the league personally. Plus David Sullivan has no idea how to run a football club, and his choice in managers is terrible. Feel sorry for Everton fans atm and obviously all of the other West Ham fans.  At least Everton got rid of their manager unlike West Ham who need to get rid of Moyes ASAP.
As a Cardiff fan I'd think we'd give anyone a run for their money by being the worst run club
Long may it continue !!!
carra is spot on about newcastle, not buzzing because we're winning, i stopped boycotting the moment he was out. i wanted to go to games, i wanted to buy the shirts but i wouldnt because i wanted to do my bit to get mike ashley out.
Calm down it’s only a game….😅
If Carra played for Everton and supported Liverpool as a kid there’s no way in hell he’d now be an Everton ex Liverpool fan.
I wonder what the fans and Jamie think about the possibility of Hasenhüttl being appointed as new manager. He did a good job at Southampton for a long time and they haven't really improved since he was fired there.
“As an ex Everton fan” is hilarious to me especially knowing I cannot and will not. Under any circumstances. Change the club i grew up loving and supporting
I think Jamie carragher would do an amazing job at everton.really knows his stuff.😑
Was that a pen in the world cup Gary?,🤓
Everton are not Chelsea,no club can be.they must realise their limitations.😆
Everton shouldn't have got rid of benitez.
seems like chelsea are tbh. lmao
With West Ham not far behind
The way Carragher put this access was terrible. He flipped and flopped all over the place and he's learnt how to say club from Benitez
Now it is but the last 22 years its been spurs- spurs fan
Who's the guy on the left that get increasingly high pitched when he's losing a point? Can he be removed to save our ears from this squeaking high pitched nonsense.
Everton: The New Shackle 04
Have you seen how Birmingham City are run?
“In Liverpool you back your own family, football club”  Also Carragher….  “Im saying it as an ex Everton fan”
The problems are deep for the club but as far as this season, Pickford has been in terrible form. Meanwhile Pope has been the clean sheet king for months (minor World Cup rant)
evarton should go for carrick
Why is this rubbish on my screen! Never liked football.
jamie, you were a great defender, buy you are a terrible pundit.
Love it when GN voice goes up 😂
Everything carraghar said is right never seen my club worse than it is right now need to sort ourselves out fast
I nominate Ronald Koeman for an epic expedition to save Everton from relegation😂
Imagine the current Everton players trying to play Bielsa-Ball going man for man against every opponent, they'd lose by at least 5 goals every week for the rest of the season.   Best thing they can do is appoint a manager with being in the Championship next season in mind already, they're going down regardless of who takes over.
Gary your wrong, we are buzzing (Newcastle) because Ashley is gone for good Sports Direct signs the lot gone, we have our club back
This got HEATED
United are by far the worst run club in the Prem. Look at our owners what they've done to the club plus the incompetence of the board not having a clue how to negotiate properly
Everton will be, at best, a mid-table Championship club within the next decade... I'd put money on it.
I don’t understand There’s Two is Just a Game of Football There’s no Need to Argue when your Talking in the Studio Gary Neville and Jamie Carra act Like Two kids in a Playground
Just let them go down to the championship, problem sorted
No better pundit than Carra anywhere
Worst run club in the country??  Is he having a laugh!!!!!  Take a look at what's happening at Scunthorpe United before making such ludicrous statements like that! They're being run out of existence as well as being bottom of the National League
Think the Birmingham board with our half broken stadium - Points deductions - unknown owner being investigated and constant sacking of managers - as well as numerous relegation battles (with most days just staying up on the last day) could give Everton a run for there money 😂
Can ya stop smacking ur lips together when ur talking carragher, jesus
It's so funny
They back their own in Liverpool do they?  Is that why several Liverpool players have received loads of death threats for howlers???
There were no threats made to any board members, read the police statement
If it was a foreign manager, this debate would be scolding the manager only 😂😂😂
This Video just goes to  show Carragher is a Everton Fan.
The way Jamie stutters before he says something… He’s been on the bag 😂
Jamie clearly still an Everton fan
Agree with JP, Bielsa doesn't do midway season stints, it's season start to season finish and then talk about next season. Also don't think he would want to try and save a club at the possible expense of Leeds as it was his great work which promoted them. Yes he was sacked by Leeds, it's still his name on the promotion.
Worst fans who would want to manage, play for or run this club right for the county road clowns.
As an Everton fan,i feel embarassed at the current situation.carraghers spot on.i feel bad for frank aswell,he had little to no chance tbf.
The Chinese say crying cleanse the soul FRANK so crack on
Steve Gerhard just  up there road
So naive. So people quit, who comes in
New owners and the return of David Moyes. 👍
Crawley town are
Spot on from Carragher.Everton FC have pulled a Sun Newspaper on their own fans.The last thing you do in the city of Liverpool.
Maybe the worst run in the Prem, sheltered perspective
Neville has lost his head every point was completely wrong
The board made us all look like thugs. We work. We go the pub. We go the game. We go home. 99.9% of us like like every other club/fan base in the world.  Nothing reported to the police, no CCTV (it was in the ground), no social media post.  Has to be a complete lie
Don’t think it’d be a stretch to say the whole of Europe
Scunthorpe fans punching air rn
Honestly as a non Everton fan, when I saw the statement about the Board being ordered to not attend the game due to safety threats, I can say say I was convinced it was because Everton fans were being vile and hooligans. But after listening, and seeing what’s happening to the club from the top down makes it way more obvious that the statement put out was just a way for other fans to attack evertonians. The board and owner are disgraceful and wishing Everton all the best.
Everton have been plastering over their problems since Moyes left. They need a rebuild.
whatever happens my respect for everton fans has increased tenfold over these last couple of seasons. Used to be my clubs 'bogey team', and a lot of rival fans are happy to see them near relegation and their struggles, but as a neutral, the way fans backed the team at the end of last season (and frank this season) i have found admirable. the opposite of how NU fans acted towards Steve Bruce. cue the hate, but I wish everton luck with whoever comes in
Tuchel!!!
At least Lisandro Martinez is  too small...thats what iam focusing on . am i right ?
I understand Dyche but I really think Bielsa would help Everton more. You look at what he did for Leeds and can you really think anyone else? I think dyche would absolutely help keep them away from that relegation zone. But really feel like you give Bielsa 6-7 years with Everton they’ll be fighting for Europa
This crap needs to have it's own channel. If I mark as "Don't recommend Channel" I lose the Football, but I am sick a deleting these “has-beens” stupid opinions.  Make a Sky premier football pundit channel or a football chat channel or something similar so we can enjoy the football without “football opinions of Has-beens”
I think what he said regarding threats of violence on owners is spot on - West Ham, Spurs, United, Arsenal, Newcastle - how many times do you think people have made threats against ownership in recent years? West Ham owners showed up out of spite. Every other example are still all owned by the same people except Newcasltle, who got bought out for an obscene price by an entire oil country.
worst run club in the country? they haven’t experienced half of what stoke have let alone others who’ve almost or have lost there club. bit embarrassing no?
One of the pundits said Everton have spent 300 million . So, who cares what the owner knows ; the managers fail. The football people fail. They pick and train the team. Why complain about owners not being at games? That is what football people want. Money, no interference. Who bought the game players? Football people, not the owners. Typical ex players. Lampard is ordinary. How do Brentford stay up? Brighton? They spent more?
Not the worst run club in the country. Just the worst run club in the Premier league
Neville only looks at the symptoms but Carragher points out the actual problem.
Your going downnnnn your going down your going down your going downnnnnnn
👏 well said Jamie! As an Everton fan of 40 years he is bang on! I was at that Everton game v Southampton with my 7 and 10 year old kids.... there was no threats and at no point did I feel threatened. People in the city like, Jamie, know absolutely that the threat was complete nonsense... who 'ordered them not to go? Merseyside police have said nothing was reported to them so we know it wasn't them... I have the up most respect for Bill Kenwright, I was there when he saved us from the knightmare of Peter Johnson, but come Bill, Denise... you know what the right thing to do is.
Funny when Jamie says “as an ex-Everton fan” when he gets passionate and personal every time he talks the toffees.
In the country is a huge stretch. Just admit you only care about epl zzzz
Everton getting relegated would be nuts
Start sacking managers in 12th then you get what you get in the end , Alladyce and silvas points per game was decent and they got rid , fans wanted rid , and now I bet they look back and wish they were there,  sometimes thefans have to be blamed as well , Allerdyce was doing OK,  the fans didn't want him , thought they were too special for him , well you reap what you sow. Once this owner stops spending , and he will, the club will sink lower. NO club has a right to demand to be in the Premier league , Everton  are where they are and fans need to realise sometimes their over inflated vision of what the club is , is the problem , Everton deserve to go down , eat humble pie and realise under Allerdyce and Silva that actually life was better than now
Gary, the police was not informed of any incident, also it came from a source unknown!!! Report on facts not rumours!!!
the statement was shambolic and the board not attending the game was cowardly.
You don’t know how all the clubs are run in the country. I’m sure there are worse run clubs. I’m certain
Neville hit the nail on the head, style of play. Get Phil Neville in.
They maybe bang out of order, but, a lot of money comes out of the fans pockets.
Do you remember the old Everton, is that gone now?
They changed their style of play, and the new payers haven't adapted. Everton, were a dribbling side.
It’s amazing how these two always think they know everything they should have been scientists 😮😊
Please not Allardyce!
Fully agree and no point denying it.
Need all new players and a new manager a new board - the lot!
Sorry no. The worst run club in England are Birmingham City.
9:53 the longer the discussion goes on, the higher pitched their voices got. If it had lasted another 10 minutes only dogs would've been able to hear it.
Loosing more and more respect for Gary ad the months go by. This was the exact same argument about Manchester United a few months ago. Just flipped around.   Gary was talking about the owners and carra walk talking about the players not playing.
Everton's players are not intelligent....They need more signings especially the wings and upfront
Moshiri wnt just walk away club saddled with debt
Monday night lectures with 2 wild birds screeching at each other. How Gary Neville can give his opinion on managing or running a football club is completely laughable. Him and his sister Philis are failures in this department. I googled the top 10 English managers last week and I'm still laughing at it today. Lampard and Gerrard are on the list lmao. Great player's but absolutely crap manager's. It's no wonder they have a politician leading the national team. A yes man who likes his boys to bend on one knee to show their support for a corrupt loyalist gang. And is more interested in having his boys wear rainbow laces than trying to come up with tactics. Give English managers a chance they say 🤣🤣
quality debate with Carra and Neville
Joorabchain leeches on to naive, green owners and drains them for everything they have. Breaching FFP and making the club suffer for years to come. Saw it first hand at Reading
2 little girls squeaking
It seems on the outside that Everton fans are always protesring
The situation between Everton and Man United owners are identical except that the Glazers take money out of the club, and Carra has always focused more on the United managers and even lazily commented on how the Glazer's spent money (but not investment), so poor performance is the managers fault. He's been way more fair and honest about his analysis of Everton and defensive of the fans than he has of United.
Birmingham City are the worst run club in the country
Thank you  Sky Sports for the Everton content. Thank you Carragher for straighening out the non truths in the media about Everton.
Brentford & BHA have shown u don't need hundreds of millions to compete. Everton should follow their model.
I'm Villa and love them but I appreciate Everton is a juggernaut of a club that should never be at the bottom of the league.
If there players aren't scoring,  there passes are terrible and there defensive has been diabolical how can u blame Frank. Its crazy how the world of football works
Dyche and EFC could actually be good! Give SD a budget and he will prove how good a manager he is.
I agree with Carragher over Neville.
Arsenal and Brentford hybrid style of managing would suit Everton
Everton players are praying it's not Bielsa lol
Cant wait until Everton go down and we dont have to hear every week about how special they are and what a tragedy them being relegated would be. They are no more special than Southaampton or Bournemouth.
Headline should read: Carra rips the bitters a new one.
They should hire Ole ..ole ole ole
They need a manager to keep them up and stabilise them. Season 2023-24 consolidate (if they stay up) aim for 12-15th and build foundations. Then season 2024-25 build for top 10. Could be 2 more managers until they're back on track though.
Carragher bang on...... Neville n Jones clueless
Think dyche would be my choice he'd probably stabilise the club then wait for an elite manager too come along . Everton need sorting out there a mess . Good club deserve better
I love that the longer Neville and Carra argue the higher their voice pitch goes
I would argue southend United are worse ran
Tell that to Southend and Scunthorpe fans.
Interesting chat but Carra might consider it an idea to leave off the caffeine . Especially on transmission days .
10:52 Gary trying to make a dig at the government.
Wealthy owner but zero on how to run a club.. Everton have spent like crazy over the past years.. They have signed world class players and Managers but still things haven't work out.. Only money doesn't guarantee any success but the manner how you spent does
So basically Carragher saying they are lying about the assault disgraceful comment and cant blame everything on the board look at the fans how they turn on the team in games.
A good owner is a good delegator. You have to appoint the right personnel in the right positions and allow them to do their jobs accordingly. Moshiri and the board need to recruit proper football people with proven track record throughout the spine of the club from youth development to player recruitment to marketing. Bring in an experience old head to steady the ship while you build the infrastructure and once the infrastructure is in place bring in a young progressive coach like Poch to revamp the club
No chance are Everton the worse run club in england, in the prem yeah fair enough but if carra would remember theres orher leagues in england he'd realise theres many many worse ran clubs
whats that click sound carragher does nearly everytime he starts a sentence?
Brighton is the perfect example of how to run a club
😂😂😂😂 at Jamie and Gary
i worry for garrys health. jeepers
Spot on Carra from an Evertonian. A real sad time to be a blue.
It wasn't ordered by the police, it was a private security firm who told the directors not to go  sorry Gary
Ugghh GaryNeville. The guy that can't pay his hotel staff a decent wage backing the board no surprise there
Although I must say Everton is horrendously run as a club, Lampard is certainly not a top quality manager same with Gerrard and Potter. I mean I just don’t get it what’s wrong with these english managers that seemed to always fell short came expectations. There’ll be no successor of Bobby Robson, Alex Ferguson and Bob Paisley at least for now. Perhaps this is due to the fact that most English managers were too quick in transition from top players to manager of top teams with big names and unlimited budget. This is definitely the case for Lampard.
Good point, every manager fails... look above... well said carra
"Those supporters kept them up last season" is the biggest lie ever they boooed at half time last game of the season . Worst fan base in then country
Neville is not listening. Jamie already said that the Police knew nothing about the threats so how could they have advised the Board not to attend. Nobody can tell the Board not to attend. They can be advised but they have never said who advised them, nor have they provided a shred of evidence to back up their accusations. They are a disgrace to blame the fans for their own failures.
Koemen did better than I thought wtf 🤣
Thank you Jamie I have been an Everton fan for all my life, and they are the decline. Although, we were in Europe league football 4 years ago. So I think we need to sack the board.
"Everton are a soft touch but that's not down to Frank" - carragher The bias towards a failed manager like lampard is ridiculous
Time for Championship division Evertonians 😆😆
And some one tells me who is the WORST noisy guy on Sky Sports?
Cannot stand Carragher but he talks sence here.
Anyone with any brains wouldn’t touch Everton with a barge pole. I’d be shocked if dyche took the job.
Need new pundits
Love a good argument between pundits, great passion.
Forest fans know exactly how Everton fans feel - one name Fawaz Al Hasawi - look him up if you don’t know who he is. Fawaz owned Forest before Mr Marakanis bought them and ran it exactly like the current Everton owner
Sean Dyche should be considered by Everton fans with Ian Woan & Steve Stone beside him (Forest legends) who have all worked under Cloughie - they’ll know how to turn Everton around with a tiny budget and work with the players they have.
They’re trying to play the victim card
Gerrard and Lamps proving to be managers of a different colour.
Jamie Carragher 👏🏿✅
Wasn’t a surprise frank would be fired , but still not the answer , he was let down by every one at the club from top to bottom, this proves how much of a disarray this club is in, bringing another manager in is just putting another target on his back unless you cut the rot out, thank you frank for your service
I don't understand why Moise Kean remains on loan at Juve, they need that fire up front more than ever. What am I missing??
Lampard sucks
They need to sign more black players and a black manager.
In as much as the board is incomplacement that squad has good players. They should not be bottom maybe midtable
HEATED
Lampard is not premiere league quality manager. That's another discussion noone is talking about.
Arsenal went from Wenger to Emery lol completely different managers then went full circle back in terms of playing style to Arteta, clubs can't always pick a certain type of manager especially mid season - other factors are how big of a club are they, what type of situation they're in that needs addressing, how big of a job is it The nostalgic Everton with Pienaar, Arteta, Cahill etc are the ones we all as PL fans miss, it's actually sad seeing them spiral like this, maybe it'd be a good thing for them to get relegated so they can clear out deadwood, hopefully be sold and start from scratch, sometimes teams need that fresh start just look at Fulham this season as an example, couldn't stay up more than two seasons in the Prem, went down, managed to keep a majority of their squad, built a rapport and a bond then came back stronger than ever
We are done GONE and busted. We have a CEO who does not know who Neville Southall is. FACT. Chairman who is 77 and so unwell that he is now almost blind. An owner who has spewed money on Evertons behalf repeatedly to the effect of SIX HUNDRED MILLION POUNDS, but never attends.
Police did not tell them not to attend the game. The police were not informed of any threats or incidents. The board were "advised" not to attend - Clearly they are cowards and didn't want to face the music
I'm available. Everton give me a call.  I've had 6 straight unbeaten seasons on FM and I've only lost 1 game in the last 3 seasons on my Everton FIFA career mode.
You have to get Sean dyche in... he's the best one available and I think he can turn it around but they still might  drop
Dyche in
What about Gerrard? 🤣😂🤣😂 at least he's a scouser..know wot a mean..laaad..
If Everton had kept Alladyce they would be better off today probably in champions league
Can anyone please explain why the fool Carrager still has a job with Sky he is so biased and he definitely can’t commentate and what he did to that young girl is unforgivable 😩😩😩😩
I would say appoint the GOAT Steve Bruce.
Lamps had to go, he was shocking! The “scouts” need to go. Ange in from Celtic; give him a 5 year contract that takes into consideration that we Will be relegated this year. He’s taken a rubbish Celtic team and got them playing brilliant stuff. He’ll get Quality players from Japan etc instead of cast offs from Premier league Teams. He’ll rebuild Our Club like what Klopp has done with the Reds. This Dyche talk again is a very Everton short term approach. He plays terrible boring football and we’ll still lose!
The timing of the statement & the way it was worded was disgraceful too.
He's on the verge of tears the entire time. He's definitely still a fan
The inner Everton fan in Carra came out in this video
Respect to Jamie for this as an everton fan
Thomas tuchel available
You, you so-called "Evertonian". You can do one. I don't care what your media job is, no Evertonian should be the least bit interested in anything you say. Hop it.
Everton fans are poison 🤦🏻‍♂️ they celebrated that they could of been the biggest club to go even though newcastle are a miles bigger club, they ate a joke of club that's why we call them the scouse mackems 😅🙈🤣🤣🤣🤣
Only dogs could hear the last 2 minutes of this conversation 🔊 Everton though, a boring club, who maybe could do with a season in the championship.
Worst run club in the country? Surely he’s heard of Scunthorpe United?
Ever heard of birmingham mate?
*Birmingham City entered the chat*
Everton fans deserve better. So does Frank.
As an evertonian I think Jamie has quite a few valid points, I have been saying more or less the same thing for years now
This crisis isn't about FFP, it's about Alisher Usmanov's assets being frozen.  Moshiri is an accountant and auditor by education who has ridden Usmanov's coattails for the last 30 years.  They were spending Usmanov's money and now they can't.  Moshiri worked for two of the big four accounting firms, you think he can't outfox FFP?  So they have all these liabilities on the books, still paying transfer fees for players they've already sold at a loss and some of whose contracts they're still subsidising.
Fair comment Jamie.
I feel sorry for Frank Lampard the Everton owners are useless they don’t care and nobody knows what they’re doing. They need to sell up its simple or they need to get in a manager who’s got premier league experience and can keep them up then they need to back their manager because you can’t expect them sets of players to perform miracles every season and they don’t have a ST how can they possibly stay up. Sean Dyche for me is the right man to appoint.
Quicker Everton go down the better they’re a club so disillusioned. Won a F.A Cup in 1995 and nothing since late 80’s before that. Why do they believe that there to big to go down for over 30 odd years provided nothing 1 cup and a charity shield. The 90’s were awful early 2000’s nothing 2004/2005 finished 4th and failed to qualify for the champions league and crashed out the UEFA cup. Finished a few times to half and got a couple Europa League outings had a couple of opportunities to win the F.A cup and Failed. Had some potential managers who had them doing ok and demanded them out because they believed there some huge club and now look what’s happened driving managers out and ancelotti walked when he realised what a huge mistake he’d made but on the back of a lot of fans saying he’s not good enough and wanting gone haha crazy to now it’s the boards fault and over 500 million spent because it’s all gone wrong. Doesn’t matter who mangers them and money spent they think they are top 4 or should be. The Board making wrong decisions on the back of the boo boys constantly moaning and not like they haven’t got what they have wanted at times. Martinez OUT SSILVER OUT……. Etc  Then when money was spent everyone buzzing how they stole so many transfer windows. Zzzzzzzz it’s a club that’s not ever going to challenge for anything
Great player ‘Undrabus’, you can park it, throw players under him, throw fans under him’
who should replace Lampard？？？ neither Carra nor Neville.
Jamie’s upset about his beloved club
Feel bad for the Toffiee fans, mess of a board, and Lampard's clearly a Championship manager at best. (For now, he still can become PL class one day)
Chelsea are run worse, headless chook of a club.
I think any coach that wants to take a managerial job should take note the fans' views/opinions of the owners.
Two fantastic pundits. Joy to listen to. Thanks gents.
Cara’s accent and the way he talks makes me want to smash my tv
not chelsea?
When I hear Carragher talk , I wanna eat sweets 🍬
As an Arsenal fan, I know that Kia fellow is poison. He orchastrated the Willain deal to us and Soares... I think maybe a couple of others, none have done well and all overpayed. Arsenal had a new way of doing things and he took advantage of it with a young manager. Hear his name in any of your transfers you should be a bit worried
Neville gets it.
Neville (as much as dislike) he is spot-on here!!
Carraghher should have some media training. Stop interrupting son and let the debate flow.
Usmanov calls the shots
Give it to big Dunc! If he cant get em going no one will! Shocking, we are falling apart and it starts from the top!
Once again Carra shows why he's the best Pundit.... Of course you'll disagree with certain things he say sometimes but the critical thinking awareness behind his analysis and thoughts every time is spot on more than when he's not!!
A new manager every season lmao.. what is this clubs board lol worst than chelsea board
Clueless club culture
As an Everton fan....we need Avram Grant next.
It's  the players fullstop end of conversation
Man United under the Glazers are the worst run club in the country.  Would be challenging for Premier league and champions league honours with any decent owners
Tony Pulis record at Stoke City was good
Everton are so obviously the worst ran club in the country, the simple fact they let Frank run the helm this far is enough proof.... he should of gone months ago... if even let in at all.
Must be close with United for worst run club imo.😂
Everton fan here the board are liars no threat made against them no report to the police made us look horrible in the media Carra is spot on we kept them up last year thank you for standing up for us
I’m pleased that Everton fans are allowed to have an issue with their owner in the eyes of the media. We (Newcastle), were deluded and ungrateful every time we grumbled about the relegations and constant battles against it.  It’s sad to see what’s happening to that club. Brace yourselves for a relegation. It’ll be soul destroying but it might be just what you need. There’s enough there for you to stay up with a new manager but I can see more seasons of mediocrity trying to put past mistakes right. It might be better to rip it up and start again in the Championship.
Can’t wait to go there next season
9:52 it’s hilarious how both their voices go high pitch when they argue 😂😂
Carra waffle.
Gary Everton ain't Valencia. Sorry, I forgot, you were crap when you coached them.
Carra unlocked his childhood everton fan today
Gerrard should take the Everton job 😇
Let's be honest here, the players are the ones on the park, they are the ones that have downed tools for years and years under various managers that they shown on the graphic. Look at the state of Calvert Lewin, Davies, Gordon in their social media, just the same as Lindgaard  , lads who think they are something special when they very average team players at best. And that attitude spreads thru teams and clubs.  Laughable that Carra goes on about how people from there look after themselves and their team and families etc.... every normal person no matter where they from have those values ffs !! stop trying to make one clubs fans to be something higher and mighty than everyone else, if anything they are deluded and living of success 40 years ago. In reality these days, they area lower half epl team at best and they will be for years and years to come no matter who owns them. Maybe relegation might hit home with some folk.... probably not though.
Now we got to know what Ancelotti did for a great job
Carra was spot on.
Wouldn't be a Gary Neville video without the infamous phrase "at this moment in time"
Sean Dyche is the man if they do go down he would be place to get them back up
Carragher just starting an argument for the sake of it
The guy that is talking scored the most own goals in prem history 👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾 and an evertonian stop talking on liverpool please
No clue neville.
Carragher is still an Everton fan deep inside, just like Gerrard.
Worst run club by a country mile is Birmingham City
Golden boy Lampard should have been sacked long ago like Gerrard but the media for some reason protect them
this just made me more embarrased to be a season ticket holder at Everton , its that obvious how inept our board is
The board brought in on themselves he should have been sacked before the world Cup when Bournemouth beat us 4-0 TWICE! They let the situation fester until we're equal bottom of the league and then have the cheek to blame it on the fans! Appalling! Carragher bang on the money here.
The fact that it took Everton so long to announce the sacking after everybody already knew shows how badly run the club is
No Tottenham are they don't but players we want the Chairman and the Owners out
Both of them are right tbh. It makes no sense for a club to go from Koeman to Allardyce to Ancelotti to Benitez then Lampard. It's just complete mixed messaging for the players. Top clubs always choose similar managers even if the style and tactics are different for e.g. Bayern, Ajax, Barcelona, Madrid, Dortmund.
Why was there a 15 min delay? Was neville late? Blaming it on the trains?
Dyche is the only right appointment for them
Well said Jamie 👏
“Worst run club” Scunthorpe United: Good Ebening
In the country? Maybe in the premier league but he is so out of touch if he thinks they are anywhere close to being the worst run club in the country
15 goals is terrible . 15 pts not good enough  The players have been awful at times. Lampard had to go .
As a Red it would pain me to see the Blues relegated...we love our derby days and although they're our biggest rivals, they're our brothers too.
Arrest these two Peons!
You’ve changed ya tune on Mike Ashley Carra 🤔   Us NUFC fans was demonised by SS presenters & so called pundits…. two relegation’s and no money input from the owner…. Everton have had half a billion pumped in and it’s a pathetic mess, big club always been in the top flight!  Relegation would do the club & fanbase good for a season or two 👍🏻
No manager is keeping Everton up. Get a manager in with the championship in mind
Diss Town are the worst run football club in the country Carra.
Never witnessed anyone talk as much sense as carra yeno
They have just had bad managers.  They’ve backed the managers so you can’t blame the owners.  This is what fans and pundits ask of owners all the time.  Sadly for Everton they have just had truly shocking managers that have wasted the money.  Frank was never a manager.  You lot said the EXACT same nonesense about utd and their players until they got Erik ten Hag.
Bielsa appointment would be to get promoted next season, Dyche would be to stay up.
The fact the only source not saying lampard has gone is the club speaks volumes. Moshiri is a joke of an owner
Carragher is growing on me. He speaks facts when it comes to Everton
Carragher is just repeating almost verbatim what Simon Jordan has been saying for ages.
To answer Carras question on teams looking for certain style of managers - Barca (possession focused), Bayern (free-flowing systems), Real Madrid (another attack focussed) save for when they had Benitez and did poorly, RB Salzburg / Leipzig. Most top top teams have a preference. I'd assume when/if Pep and Klopp leave the clubs would aim to bring in someone of similar play styles
The tories have blamed the poor people who aren't dying fast enough.
I’m an Everton fan and I laugh at the fact that we have come into money and end going backwards like look at Newcastle at the minute their flying . Thats Everton for you
"Bot!", "Eva'in", "sssss", "bot! Nobody knows a football clob be'er than their suppor'ers". "Mqqmmm", "bot!", "Ssssss", "Eva'in".
Great players make terrible managers! With the odd exception
Spent pretty much same amount as Liverpool in 10 transfer windows, crazy
Carra, that is a suit and a half there mate. Cleaner than clean
Bruh im only the weir one ? becouse im Liverpool supporter and i want Everton to play for trophies ??? like I understand rivalries between clubs from the same city but i actually like Everton im not a fan or supporter of them but i dont have nothing against them either i will LOVE to watch some finals Liverpool vs Everton...
Wow Koeman has a 1.6 points per game record. That's not bad. Why was he sacked?
Second worst run club, Scunthorpe take that.
The tories have blamed the striking nurses
How can he be an ex everton fan? You either support everton or you dont😂
Spot on CARRA! Stepping up and keeping it real.
The emotion in Jamie's voice... he isn't acting but if he were acting he'd get an oscar.
Classic Neville there, disagree with whoevers talking then make the same point as them.
Guys Everton have had it easy but spent their budget wrong if you want a real bad owner look at WBA we will go bump if we don’t get promoted
Actually Crawley Town are, but its funny when Pundits forget there are teams outside of the premier league...
Ex everton fan LOL
Spot on JC!
Arsenal have set the new blueprint. Owner - Sporting Director - Manager. That's it! Three men running the club, one runs the team, one controls th in's and out's and one sanctions the clubs purchases and finances. If those three are totally in harmony the club will go forward as Arsenal have shown.
Everton are ran terribly, but it’s pure ignorance to say ‘Everton are the worst run club in the country.’ As a Birmingham City fan I can promise you we have been ran even worse for twice as long.  When our current owners took over the club, we were 3rd in The Championship. We had finished 10th the previous two season. Just over 6 years and 9 managers later, we are in yet another relegation battle, with zero money to spend, a squad propped up by loan signings, with a half empty stadium which is literally falling apart & has been condemned. Birmingham was a club that regularly competed for play off positions in the championship as a bare minimum from 1996-2012. (Many of these years spent in the Premier League). During the past decade we have had to endure a prolonged, painful slow death, blues fans don’t expect the world, but I’m not sure how much longer most of our fans can go on. The fact Carragher would say that with his chest & a straight face shows the ignorance people who are otherwise very ‘in the know’ in football have about Blues and our situation.
Think he’s had a frontal lobe lobotomy, he’s actually talking sense .
They through Everton fans under the bus spot on carra
Evertons problem isn't the owners it's the fans. They have eroded morals, they cheer time wasting and violence. There idol is a thug that elbowed somebody on the cusp of the CL. They defend divers like Rcharlson, they attack their own players instead of backing them. They have truelly lost the plot some of them, and when you would hope somebody more reasonable would put those  out of order fans back in line, they too easy put their heads down in a spiral of depression.
How can Gary talk about managers? How many has Salford City had in the past few years 🤫🤫🤫
Daniel Levy and ENIC are probably up there with Everton with worst owners in the league
The first thing that Everton have to do is break the cycle of WHEN they change manager.   No-one can come in now with a week to go in the transfer window and make changes that will make any difference, and by the time summer comes around, any new manager will need a full season to put their own team on the pitch.
Clearly doesn't know much about how Birmingham city are run then.
Absolutely 0 chance that Bielsa would go to Everton. He never takes over mid way through the season and wouldn't work for those owners. He likes projects that he can see potential in, that's not the case with Everton
Neville didn’t want ten hag he wanted poch
Let’s be honest since they don’t want to say it. Lampard has done a bad job to, a legend of the game doesn’t make you a good manager. Everton 100% doesn’t have a relegation squad
Carragher best pundit on sky by a country mile from utd fan
hard truths
REMINDER: The last time Everton played a non top flight season was 1954-55. For reference Liverpool's last non top flight season was 1961-62, Manchester United's last non top flight season, 1974-75. Only Arsenal can claim a longer stay in the top flight than Everton.  69 years, of top flight football. And it's all about to come crashing down.
Have a look at West Brom Jamie…
They want to play beautiful football, but lack the player quality. Sean Dyche could do a good job, he might not play beautiful football, but gets the job done and that’s what they need at this very moment
Don't forget Jamie that some of the fans ran down and confronted players so some of those fans deserved to be thrown under the bus, absolutely worst supporters in the country and let's hope they go down into the championship, wonder if they'd turn out massively then
Always hated this man until I watched this video. Genuine, accurate and well put across.
Carra:"I'm a former Everton fan". Carra 2 mins later: "In this city you back your own, whether that's family or football". Loyalty summed up nicely right there.
As an arsenal fan, I dont want Everton to get relegated.. it wont be the same without them.. that logo will be stuck in your head for months..
Imagine thinking Lampard is a better Manager than Benitez
1000000% Everton are the worst run team in British football the last 10 years
Michael Carrick is the answer to their problems
All they need to do is start winning games. They have these problems because they are losing. If a new manager comes in and plays a system and formation that suits the players they have, Everton will improve in all areas. Playing possession based football does not suit this squad. However, playing direct, on the counter, and crossing the ball into the box does suit this squad.
As a Liverpool fan as much as i hate Everton i respected everything Jamie said in this video and i can understand the anger from Everton supporters on the current situation with the club. It's fair to say that Liverpool and Everton are both in need of new owners.
By the way, what a surprise hearing a scouser playing the victim. Of course the people making death threats are not at fault if they are scousers. Nasty lot them.
Give Carra a glas of water… gave me chapped lips just watching. Spot on analysera tho! 💦
They should of stayed with Rafa like Newcastle did he would of settled the team down and would have them sitting save now
Red heron, Gary i dunno what it’s called but it’s not that 😆
Nonsense. There are lots of worse run clubs
Gary losing an argument is things you love ❤️ to see as a Arsenal fan.
I really hope Carra has helped non-Everton fans watching to see what is really going on at the club.
Everton fan- carra was spot on. In touch with what is happening at the club. Unfortunately especially about the boards statement about the threat.
When Ashley was destroying Newcastle United the media said we were too demanding and we want Champions League etc. Mike Ashley & Steve Bruce are waiting in the wings to save Everton. Howay pundits!!!  Remember Steve Bruce, how you kept telling us he’s on of the best PL managers 😂
And yet we get told by fans of other clubs that our owner and board have tried and that we should be grateful. Anyone that knows anything about football knows we’re the worst run club in the country and we have every right to want them both gone.
Lampard has had a massive issue with organising a coherent defensive system at Chelsea and Everton. Until he fixes that he won't be successful.
Carra is fuming
I’m a Coventry fan and I’m telling you  now Everton aren’t even close to being the worst run club
I don’t think Carra understands what he’s saying. What is the point of his conversation…difficult to link everything he is saying. He’s spoken for 10 mins but I fail to understand what his point was
Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville are talking sense! And more so in this case the former because he is more familiar with the subject. And yes, the Everton fans are the most passionate there are! 🤗
On the upside, at least Pickford's getting plenty of practice for the Euros.
The recruitment has been crap but I don't blame the owner its the recruitment team and board that needs replacing. The owner has spent more than most owners. He has been taken for a ride by people who know more about football and wasted his money.
From all right thinking evertonians, well said Jamie carragher👏
West Brom want a word...borrowing for non players up to 25 million...
Everton have been used for money laundering by the Russians for over 10 years.
Why  get in to a argument with someone when you agree with  someone 99.9 per cent...neville typical lefty...I'm right even if I'm not.
Franks still a legend and will allways be loved by chelsea
The statement wasn't from the Police. It was from the health and safety team at Everton. That's a big difference.
For once admire Carra. Spot on
Spoken like a football club owner, Gary
Everton is in the same position as us at Manchester United,except I don't think Everton as the same amount of debt as us.
Jamie is 100 percent correct.
Rooney has the fight for the job!! Give it to Wayne
Carra you mug. How comes you don't talk about Liverpool
Well said Jamie - from a blue
Jamie Carragher is 100% spot on in his analysis even with the bit Neville disagreed on, as an Everton fan seeing that statement from the board it was an attack on all fans when it's obviously a teeny tiny group of people who call themselves fans who would have made these threats, change at the top is imperative
Please take Brendan Rodgers !
Haven’t you heard of SiSU?
Where’s big dyche 🥸
Carra talks sense.  Never been his biggest fan but he’s spot on.  Same with all these clubs who keep sacking managers and don’t get any better, Everton, Watford….  The chairmen think they should be top 6, based on some idealism to justify their investment.  The reality is they won’t let the managers manage, then blame them when it goes wrong.
They’re spot on, both of them
I’m a blue carra is spot on
Jamie «Lip Smacker» Carragher
Sorry they did Gary.....
The more high pitch they get the better 😂😂
How did Everton fans become so entitled? They have been a crap club for more than 30 years and should have been relegated long ago. They are the most old fashioned club in the Premier League from the fans and the culture of the club. They are a 80s club in 2023 so of course they are getting relegated
Worst run club in the country? Country = Premier League now? As a Birmingham fan I am howling at such a ridiculous claim
The police didn't stop the board from going to that game. The police later said they knew nothing about it. Carragher was spot on, the board demonised the fans and they need to go.
I couldn’t imagine a worse managerial appointment right now than Bielsa.
Jamie, every word you said is what I've been thinking for over 1 year
For two men that always have so much to say, when are you going to coach? Neville started and ran away. At least Gerrard and Lampard have the bottle to do it.
Do Everton have a God given right to be a Premier League team…?? No. They have played with relegation for a number of seasons and now their number’s up. Relegation is not a disaster, sometimes it’s cathartic in bringing positive change to a failing club.
Police didn't tell the board not to go. The clubs own security did.
I exactly remember Gary said that he didn't want Ten Hag to be the manager but preferred Porch
Carra was spot on again, its obvious to see what is happening at Everton
I can attest to this, even in the communication and running of the youth teams.
Not as bad as Wigan
Remember that everton's next game is arsenal
Dyche. He kept Burnley up for years and even if Everton do get relegated he has champo experience to get them back up. Money is tight and he is used to that. Think he'd make them hard to beat.
everton fc you cant polish a turd
Carragher is spot on 99% of the time about Everton. He really understands the club. Lampard should never have been hired. Someone like Emery or Tuchel should've been, a proven manager who can turn crap teams into very good ones. Tuchel wanted to come in 2017 or 2014 but we never wanted him. Apparently we're trying to get Marcelino who has proven himself as a good manager.
Worst run club ? Seen the baggies
Please take Unworth from Oldham. 😭😭😭
Ancelotti didmt fail he got a aimilar squad competing for european football koeman similar frank lampard is an abysmal manager that everton squad is midtable level
get bielsa to everton..
Give Neil Lennon a crack at the Everton job, they could do a lot worse!!
Wow....what a toxic situation. They might well go down this year
you can tell whos a football club owner. Neville always chooses a stupid hill to die on.
Its not about the manager they need to go down to the championship They have enough players They have better squad than brentford fulham leeds n many more The players just depend on gray to score They play compacted football Not good to watch
Everton got in touch with me - wow! That says everything! Kenwright worrying about the important stuff!
Lampard hasn't and never will be a good enough manager.
Net spend of £310M over 7 seasons =  £44.28M per season.  Is this big spending 🤔
Are man United playing fast flowing quality football now? I don’t think so. Kick & run & tbh I never remember united playing swashbuckling football maybe my memory ain’t great
Tell that to Scunthorpe United
Dyche all day long
Hypocrite Neville
If anyone wants football advice, just listen to Gary Neville and do exactly the opposite of what he says.
Yeah true Everton is poorly managed that's poor management, no sense of direction
9:50 when their voices get higher, you know it's getting good.
I would love to see them go down they been terrible for years vile club with vile fans
Worst run club in the prem absolutely. Plenty of other clubs outside of it to choose from though. Clubs have been run so badly they’ve been liquidated
Everton will be relegated. This team is so sorry. No one can save them.
This sound’s exactly like Manchester United huge money spent divide between fans and owners protests and big name managers failing yet Carra always just says “they’ve spent 1 billion there only a manager away”
But Mike Ashley was a god?? 🙈
This was very good and insightful until Neville opens his mouth and starts talking about united
Carra is fantastic as a pundit. As an Arsenal fan I have a tonne of respect for him.
I feel so sorry for Frank. He really felt the spirit of the club. But no matter who comes in it will be a tough job and the main reasons are these. One the board are treating the club as a social club not a business that should be looking to improve the Club, team, and financial health of the club. Two the crap players on the pitch. Whenever you see them play live or on the telly. There may be 2 or 3 passes and then a breakdown. Not one of them can tackle win the ball and make a successful forward pass with a goal making chance. Apart from Pickford the rest would not be sold at a profit.
ARGUE
There's loads of clubs in the lower leagues ran far worse than Everton
For an EX fan carra sure is passionate about Everton he still wears Everton pj's round the house
Can't believe Jamie said Ex- Everton Supporter that's adding insult to injury
Carra is a hypocrite. When Gary was talking about Uniteds board and owners needing to be sacked, Carra said that the fans and Gary were delusional because the actual problem wasn't the board and the owners because they splash so much money for the club, it was the manager and the players which were the problem. Now Carra is singing the same tune as Gary was about United. I'm struggling to take Carra seriously because he is so bias.
I agree about the statement from EFC. It was blatantly from Denise Baxendale
Has it been confirmed yet that he has been sacked?.
Everton are run badly, however Birmingham city is run the worst .   Hope Everton can come out of this for the better. Proper club
I didn't know John Bishop was such a good pundit
The fans chose Lampard they reep what they sow
The board weren't Warned by the Police, they were advised by their own private security. The police knew nothing about it.
As a united fan couldn’t agree more on Jamie’s analysis here, especially his bit about the board demonising the Everton fans and the people of Liverpool. A city which has been forever demonised by mainstream media and the board knew they could use this to their advantage
I love the fact that when these 2 argue, their voices gradually get higher n higher 🤣. Eventually the only things that will have the capacity to hear them arguing will be dogs.
Lol try stoke...  Changed players, managers, staff, everything apart from the owners and the clubs just been in a spiral
See these two having a charity boxing match🤣😂🤣
They've spent loads, what's the problem
Most of the players Everton's been bringing in the last 6 or so years have been outcasts that haven't been good enough to play regularly for their previous clubs.
Even Everton fans don't care about their club.. They are more concerned about Liverpool 😅😅
Thanks Jamie lad.!!  Im a Blue mate. Top man 💙👍🏻
Neville the jealous pundit
You’d know Cara’s still give big love for his other club
neville and dave jones don't know what they're talking about. Everything carragher said was correct
Wow as an Everton fan my respect for Jamie carragher has increased tenfold. Spot on with every word he said. balanced, informed and fair analysis.
An ex Everton fan? Haha
Neville chatting rubbish as usual
ypou've both made valid points. No identity and shocking owners
Love MNF
Gary “to be fair” Neville
i hope the scouse mackems get relegated along with west ham
Nuno santos
I don't think you can consider Ancelotti as having failed there. It just shows that it takes an ATG manager to deliver the club a mediocre season in its current state.
Everton need a relegation to steady their ship and decide what they are actually going to do. Its helped many a team before but need to ensure they can bounce back within 2 seasons. Look at Villa, Newcastle, West Ham who went down and able to come back up quickly or they end up doing a Sunderland who still cant get back or Leeds who it took nearly 15+ years to get back.
Birmingham City over Everton by a long shot. Give me £500m to play around with and a world class manager in Carlo Ancelotti. We don't even have a working stadium and literally live on loan deals year in, year out.
Gerrard, Neville, Lampard why doesn't someone just point out the obvious. A great player does not a manager make. 🙌🏻
"Everton are the worst run club"  Man utd board: are we a joke to you
Stop sucking on your gums every time you start a sentence, James.  Everton fans threw themselves under the bus by dragging their players out of their cars outside the ground. 😂 Everyone can see what they are.
There's absolutely no way on this earth Bielsa goes to Everton. Marcelo will not work with owners who don't live up to his standards, not to mention, he's never gone to a club midway through the season like this. Bielsa has rules, he follows them and he expects others to follow them too. 1000% there's absolutely no way Bielsa goes to Everton. I've never been more sure of something in my life.
i dissagree with everton beibg the worst run club in the country i still think westham owners are the worst compare everton to westham how many times westham everton been relagated 1 0 giving false hopes 2 0 ruining our club 3 1 spending time in relagation battles  5 3 worst players to sign 7 3 zaza 0 g0als roberto so many mistakes  we give so many protest to want them out but they punish the fans because they are selfish and greedy this was during gold time at westham at westham its sad that he died but i will always h8 the sb
Carragher never praises Newcastle United
Carra as a pundit is remarkable.
as a chelsea fan, i feel better
Have you tried being a Birmingham City fan! We have the worst owners in the country
Moshiri should of been advised ( if he had the right people around him ) to sack Lampard last summer !!! Everton just surviving relegation last season should of been a red flag warning ❗️ last summer and this was ignored by the directors and the football people below them at the club !!!  Lijinders should replace lampard 🙏👍👍
Goodbye SuperFrank!
'Apparently' building anew stadium. does this daft beaut think its a hologram???
Really does show what everyone thinks of scousers. Regardless if it's liverpool or Everton. Just as bad as each other. Disgusting from the fans but of course they will blame someone else as they tend to do
Hiring big time managers as an almost big club can go badly , sometimes having a moyes type manager can give you long term stability as big managers will always have heads turned
Merseyside Police confirmed last week that they had not received any threats made towards the board, so gas lighting by the EFC board to make themselves look like the victims here.
Sean dyche would be a perfect fit for the club, the work he did at Burnley on a small budget was excellent. he's branded boring football but u can only work with the tools Your given. Would he want to go there tho?I think dyche would be a excellent manager if he got a transfer budget. if he went to Everton and had to play the sort of football he did at Burnley he could just be known as another big Sam a relagation saving manager and I think he's alot better than that.
I feel bad for Lampard. He's still learning to be a manager, but nobody wins without strikers on the roster.
Lijinders to replace Lampard 🙏🙏🙏👍🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Everton reminds me of Brighton from 2018/20. People wrote them off and predicted them to get relegated. Never underestimate any team. Just a decent manager and a few signings and they could make a comeback just like them.
Moshiri has serous ambition to win trophies 🏆 for his club   Moshiri trust in the people to drive his ambition for Everton and be successful,  they have failed Moshiri and took his money he has paid them to do their jobs  Moshiri has been ill advised by people he has trusted , they have failed him and his ambition for Everton   I would gladly swap Moshiri with FSG across the park
Small but significant detail. they were not warned by the police not to go, it was their own security advisors
Spot on about managers what's been at Everton an it's a shame to see a club like this in disarray
Carragher is absolutey spot on in this video. Our owner and board have made their position at the club untenable.
Merseyside Police have stated, as Carra said, no evidence of any threats to the board have been recorded.
Everton are run terribly but they are not the worst run team in the country  Birmingham City ex owner is in jail, their current owners hardly communicate with the fans, received several points deductions, constant relegation battles in the Championship and some parts of the stadium are not safe to use.  Scunthorpe have gone from a Championship club to bottom 4 of the 5th tier (National league)  Southend gone from League 1 to National League  Crawley owners get their money through NFTs, having to deny rumours about players and staff, on their 3rd manager of the season, Matthew Etherington their former manager left after a couple of games, they are just above the relegation zone in league 2.
Jamie just can’t stop talking over people. what an overpaid squeaky toy.
I remember the hate of Benitez but i dont remember this hate to Lampard when he is worse than Benitez
An ex-Everton fan? 🤣🤣  I can't believe they're  STILL making excuses for Fragile Frank. It's hilarious.
idk I think Pompey is up there for worse run
Carra to manage his boy hood club and replace lampard!!!  Neville to be carra no2 !!
Everything Carragher said is correct.
Ex-pros letting Lampard off the hook. What a surprise. Utterly dreadful manager.
Everton remind me of the final few seasons of Sunderland in the premier league
See there was loads of gold and Sullivan out posters at West ham but (well up until last season) I was in dream land.
But they still have more money to spend than Liverpool mad that eh Jamie
I'd absolutely love to see a conversation between Carra as a pundit, Carra as a player and Carra as an Everton supporter
I remember when these two grilled Ten Hag at the start of the season after a couple games. Never have I seen that before from Sky. Yet Lampard hasn't had a bad word said against him til now. Just remember that.
Bruce in
Everton is the worst run club in the country? So Manchester United is, what, French?
A Liverpool and Man Utd legend decide who should manage.......Everton 😂
MNF is more entertaining than the actual games themselves.
they done good with ancelotti , so why it go wrong when he left?
Groundhog Day Everton
Hahaha 😂
Pickford should go this January. If not definitely in the summer. He's a serious goalie!
Should go and look at Swansea and the state the yanks got them in.
Jamie carragher the Everton fan born n bred.
Love it when these two go at it 😆 🤣
Arsenal are gona win the league
Everton need a spell in the Championship before that club can really come back..
xG is such a BS stat model
is it safe to say when neville ran Valencia, it was the worst club in Spain?
Wait... it's just "ARGUE"? Where's the "HEATED" gone?
Worst run club in the world*
Must be a Merseyside thing. The pair of them couldn't run a bath of late.
Crawley
75th like...I love you
Jamie Carragher probably puts the milk in first when he makes his tea
both arguing makes me laugh. I love both of them 😂
Don’t think they realise that Scunthorpe and Southend exist
I’m Afraid there is a Team Called Yeovil and they are the worse team in England
A touch dramatic boys
Am i the only one who thinks he didn't deserve it?  Edit:  Reasons:  1: Never had the backing 2,everton are shameless 3, the players should be ashamed   they got there boss sacked 4, not always the managers fault 5, These are pro footballers, so they should have  played for the badge
Ole to Everton
No there not it’s amazing to see them where they are 😂and I’m not a Liverpool fan
L
Bielsa or Thomas frank please
Hi
That's everton for ya
