Why is Tuilagi playing on the wing in this game
Rugby is now a kicking game.. Might as well call it football.
England players you are a credit to yourColuntry........WELL DONE
Why can't anyone pronounce Blamire's name properly? It's pronounced "BLAYMIRE".
Respect the box ticker?
It surprises me that Jonny May doesn't seem to join in the try scoring celebrations, when other players score?
can anyone tell me what that red logo on england sleeves is?
Quite impressed with the 10 Smith,  wonderful pass for the first try
This is great we are setting up for great things
The Boks will take the piss out of England. The bomb squad of the Boks will be too much. Sorry you Pommies. I wish you the best but . . . . .these are the world champs.
Boy Australia SURE are paying for that game in the 2015 RWC Pools. Haven't beaten England since !
Bbc say scrappy , wins a bloody win!
England were OK , but that`s the worst Australian performance I`ve EVER seen against us . Poor handling , bad discipline and zero threat inside our 22 .
SANIX world youth rugby  FINAL  England🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 VS NZ🇳🇿  2013 https://youtu.be/WXWxgQbtuqs
I've now watched highlights of the last two matchdays of these autumn internationals, coming up on 10 games and have to say international rugby union has MAJOR problems...the referees are consistently the most important participants, I'm forever screaming, nay, pleading for them not to keep on giving these mystery penalties and not to follow football down the var rabbit hole...i know rugby has had video for decades but its only recently they've started to forensically investigate every last damn detail, the lions tour didn't help, I blame the high profile managers for putting this immense pressure on officials, just like in football it was the Tony pulis/Mark Hughes/Neil warnock diatribes against perceived biased refs in losing matches that ultimately led to var, erasmus' vidéo diatribe and the exceptional scrutiny that was demanded by both teams because of it has led to this...refs turning into investigative journalists every time the whistle blows...its killing the game
Nobody in Australia cares about Rugby Yawnion
Fair play to Ozz, they wouldn’t go away. Slightly concerned about the line out when George went off and a sterner examination of New England, verse the Boks, to come. Interesting selections now for the mysterious Mr Jones. Muscle verse muscle, or dynamic and fast.
This crowd seems so reserved compared to the Scots stadium and Irish one
England won conclusively but the 'technical' fouls and preponderance of soft penalties are destroying rugby...it is just frustrating to watch now!
No highlights on Bbc nothing
Where? Is the  rugby coverage gone in Bbc
Why? Was there no mention of this on bbc 😳
Only way northern hemisphere can win is to dish out yellow and red cards.
NH teams having a good weekend.
OK Pommies - now for the Big One.
England do well but do not seem to win often. I love watching England play nevertheless. In a spiritual sense we should play the game and fight to win the race, and practice playing with the ball of faith until we become really good with the ball.
4-3 to the northern hemisphere
00:06 three quarter of the team is off side
Lovin it. Well done lads. Always supah to beat the Aussies..:)
since when was the tmo more than a consultant, the poor ref was having his job done for him
That score reminds me of something...mmm, oh yes, 32-12. 😁
It's gonna be England or South Africa to win the world cup in 2023 judging by their squads balanced age.
Come on first  new Zealand lost to Ireland  Now aus to England  Hopefully fiji do well against Wales   Come on southern Hampshire 🥲😤😭
Too many silly kickable penalties kept Australia in the game. South Africa will punish us if we do that next week.
That's true to form Wobblies right there. They cant grind and have no discipline. They are like a schoolboy side.
Ireland beat the No. 1 team in the world yesterday. England gets their chance to beat the OTHER No.1 Team this coming weekend ( 20Nov2021 )!!! Strange how that works!
Ben Youngs is sooo slow to the breakdown
The way Farrell and Smith swapped positions at 10 and 12 for the 1st try so Smith could do his thing, engage the line and give the incisive pass. There's clearly something there, it's just a shame they didn't manage to click for the full 80.
Lots of potential for England there, very exciting. Why Eddie only brought Sam Simmonds on for 5 mins I'll never know. Sam still created a try though! Imagine what he could do in 20 mins.   Lots of great players in that back row! And brilliant to see Dombrant and Simmonds side by side.
In inglan is the crowd prompted when to sing that slave song swing low? Too bad they don't play NZL. The only time I'd want to hear it is during the haka.
England are like same broken disc , kick kick kick kick kick possession away each time won’t try new strategies and keeping ball in hand no nothing just same old England kick kick kick kick kick . It’s boring now South Africa will beat England because England don’t play any other style , they just keep kicking . The people whom are picked are questionable also
It has the feel of a World Cup final? Mate Neither of these teams are ready for a World Cup😂  Australia can’t function without certain players And England won’t dabble in new strategies or set plays So if either of them are going to improve some changes need to be done
