Can't even rollerskate. Don't have the strength for it and lifting your heel to stop screams danger alarms in my head. In Rollerskates I already have next to no stability, and you want me to give up what little I have!?  But rollerskating and blading looks so fun. I wish I could.
_How soon the pride of the rollerblader is brought to heel by the unyielding lawn._  I still think about this quote everyday.
1:45 this has become a soundbite for me whenever someone asks me something that is awkward
2:10 reminds me of Kane Pixels recent stuff People Still Live Here
looking through your old videos like a favored ex "smh i wish he'd come back....... he was so weird"
Well technically if there's nothing you can't do then that means that you can't do nothing which means that there is a limit
Like a graceful goose, he glides g-across the g-asphalt
as a student of the rollerblade, this is true
This is giving off Lieutenant Dangle vibes so hard.
This video is at least partially responsible for me picking up rollerblading looking back.  That and Ramona Flowers
Recently bought rollerskates and I'm embodying this video  rn.
This video was actually uploaded on the exact day i broke my wrist while rollerblading
Honestly if you could rollerblade everywhere I'd be on board. All pavement, no cracks, seems great. Not really feasible for real life, though.
this but unironically
every time i come back to this video i forget how it ends and it's always just as good as the first time
0:58 There's ball bearings in rollerblades.
my favorite incomprehensible rollerblade wisdom is 1:50 "Rollerblading....................... yes."
this is just what having a new hyperfixation is like
You can't do that on a roller blade. That doesn't make sense.
I have those same rollerblades
This video gives Chris Fleming vibes
Rollerblading?     Yes.
Rollerblading is pretty dope.
When I heard an ominous robotic voice I instantly said out loud "are the rollerblades darts?"
Well that was a waste of everyone's time
I like how at the end he doesn't just take his roller blades off, he'd prefer to crawl on the grass
What an entertaining way of putting roller blades down as a tax write off.
Every stair needs more garlic and I’m proud of each and every one of you.
So many things are possible on roller blades. So excited for your rollerblading 5 bulb Garlic butter tutorial!
This has a Chris Fleming feel to it
"You can put your foot down on the ground and it still keeps moving! Have you thought about that? Have you thought about that?" No I hadn't. But now I do. Regularly. The rollerblader's world really is limitless
the little butterfly net
I've been  rollerblading  all my life
This has SUCH big Griffin McElroy energy.
excuse me?
This is exactly as useful as regular sports people talking about their thing
I feel personally attacked.
Brian thank you for the impeccable Boards of Canada vibes at the end of this video
Yes
Rollerblading.................................................................................................................................... . . . Yes.
refer to omnipotence paradox for why this video is unfortunately false
I have been rollerblading since I was a kid and I always feel like this.
2:25 just walk m8 it’s not that hard
Replace the rollerblades with skateboards and you have Sk8 the Infinity right there
I have tried to get on a bus on rollerblades because it started to rain and I wanted to get home. The driver kicked me out
Sounds like Kamala Harris amirite?
This is how my dad talks about running unironically and it's so annoying lmao
it is two forty am and this makes no sense but still somehow i feel like it is good?? i do not know what these words mean i do not know why i am on YouTube but this is what i am watching i guess
I still come back to this video often, Brian's rollerblading monologue is just too funny
I love how the montage part sounds like a trump campaign
This is the natural evolution of Tim & Eric.
Well, who is gonna figure out what's the solution to the BDG A.R.G?
I see a Backrooms edit waiting.
lmao he's wearing a camelbak hydration pack
rollerblading          Yes
The only limit TRAMPOLINES
*put on rollerblades  Ima be back, finna eat the sun.
this is a video that we would earnestly discuss in my performance art class.
How did I never see this one
all i can think of is that reddit post of a dude who really, really loved speed and rollerblading
I got swept up in a rollerblading fad in 2017. I ended up spending almost $900 on equipment. I took them out for my first session, very excited. I fell after about 20 minutes and gained my first scar on my body. It is the most disgusting, most mangled amalgamation of flesh that rests on my elbow. To say I was beside myself with rage and disappointment is an understatement. They haven't left my closet since. I'm still mad about it. Also some guy only offered me $100 for them online. Heck no am I parting with them for that price! That would be like I paid $800 to permanently disfigure myself.
today i learned that brian david gilbert is good at rollerblading. what about you?
this is like how i talk about smash bros melee
I keep coming to this video every time I feel sad... just to remember that I can do anything... on a rollerblade.
I am halfway through this video and don't know if it's going to turn into existential horror or stay a funny skit and I think that's really the beauty of this channel
him wearing two pairs of glasses almost the entire time ios really killing it for me
Tastey
I think this link is tematic apropriated for this video:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iE6B-R6UXSY
Your feet can't touch the ground if you are wearing rollerblades.
This is what my 2am rants sound like
i love the disproportionately long gap between "rollerblading?............yes" and then just moving on
It feels like Tim and Eric but DBG put a clever spin on it
I feel like this is the bridge that connects the land of Fun Boy Funny Brian Videos, and the land of Creepy Guy Gilbert Videos 🤔  Also I swear there’s at least two hidden faces in those bushes, and I don’t know if that’s real or just in my head, but I do know it’s Brian’s fault.
Not realizing how hot the water had become from the midday sun, the Rollerblader foolishly takes a sip from the hose connected to his athletic suit. Swallowing whole the fiery liquid, he lies to himself and says "this is what I need".
This man has started a rollerblading cult and I will join it
Time to find funding for a BDG sketch comedy series
Imagine hoverblades, you could go over grass, gravel, snow... You could go anywhere.
this has extremely strong tim and eric vibes and i am here for this
Idk I'm still skeptical about all this
i did not go into this video expecting to find out that BDG and i have both bladed/skated in the same exact part of the park???
It took me way too many re-watches to realize “that time i got really into rhythmic dance” was Dances Moving
"And are there rules to rollerblading?  Yeah, sure, there are.  There are 16 of them.  I'm not gonna tell you what they are"
"the little butterfly net" 😂
The people that the 12 year old viewing demographic are propping up on YouTube these days is insane. Worse acting, more cringe. It's pretty wild that people can this many views just from colorful strange videos that only appeal to little kids.
Bdg just impulse bought roller blades and fell in the loophole of buying the whole outfit and now we have this vid
Brian's performance here is Michael Scott but 20% more surreal
well. I think the answer is clear then... clearly the best environment for rollerbladers is a cyberpunk dystopia... as lawns have been outlawed and roads are everywhere and surprisingly smooth
The frequent "alright" filler word insertions are sending me
very cool
Not me thinking “sounds like a Steven thing to say” before he says Steven XD
As a rollerblader myself, agreed.
what. i somehow missed this slander till now...
I was just about to comment that roller blades are limited by grass yards, but i'm happily suprised that my guy, gilbert, saw the error of his ways.
YouTube recommends this video every day but I have a fear of rollerblading and ice skating after a terrible accident where I made $20000 as my own boss. Life is hell
This is like a trip back to 2007 watching Tim & eric
man tarantino really fell off
and he bought those roller blades by being his own boss and choosing his own hours!
Defeated by grass. Tragic
This video directly led to me buying roller skates and now I am this person
R o l l e r b l a d e
best one yet
As a rollerblader. I can confirm
"What ties them all together? It's... It's... Balls"
I like how do many of his videos just turn into a Radiohead music video.
I love how he always has a gopro on but there is never a shot from his perspective
0:20 "because there's zero, because there's- you- you can do anything.  on a rollerblade" this is how i speak
I can’t even rollerblade. I can only roller skate. I’m forever limited. 🥲
I love how this video 100% came from someone saying "A rollerblader's world is limitless" out of context.
Can you be not on roller blades while roller blading? - steven
okay but defining your life as before you started rollerblading and after is accurate as hell; my world is limitless—because i skate.
just a precursor to air gear tbh
i love this type of humor so much and i need more friends that get it lmao
"rollerBLADING? yes" Brian David Gilbert, 2021
Okay but who did you pick up roller blading?
I was expecting the Skyrim meme when he fell
I'm choosing to think of the rhythmic gymnastics phase as dances moving and this is the same Brian.
🪨
Brian: Rollerblading? Yes. Me: e oui
I feel like Brian is just constantly having a midlife crisis
Me: but how will we protect workers within a union   Jeff:   1:46
Can a person make weird ice cream while rollerblading? YES Checkmate, haters.
I was waiting for it to get strange, and was not disappointed.
rolling blading is the fastest way to move while maintaining an erection.  this is an actual fact, bet you didn't know that.
Hey that’s the same park where he made the squishy pickle video!
I feel like that's the same stretch of sidewalk Miss Piggy skated down in Muppets Take Manhattan. It might not be, but I can't be the only one who thought that.
Is this a Tim and Eric sketch
You can’t walk or run while rollerblading
This is the continuation of the Kollektivet channel
now heres the thing is rollerskates ARE limitless. just wobbly platforms. walk on grass. use toestops to run up stairs. nothing is without your reach. people are too surprised to keep you from buying nail polish at Walmart. skates > blades
I think YouTube suppressed this video for the super controversial takes in it, because I sure didn't see it on my feed when it came out. Trying to silence rollerbladers - not cool, YouTube.
As a rollerblader, I can definitely say she sells sea shells in the sea shore
Today, I got on the internet in search of a BDG-V and I gotta say, I'm feeling sated af right now. That was a good Brian David Gilbert Video.
When I was 5, I took my dad's rollerblades that he bought on sale and 2 sizes too large for his own feet. 20 years later, they fit perfect. I've grown into the roller blades. The rollerblade life isn't one you choose. It chooses you. Eventually down the path of "rollerblader" you surpass limits and can tread on lawns. You simply haven't fully matured as a rollerblader. You can do it, BDG. I wish this story was a joke.
I have a feeling this video is a metaphor...
Does Heelys count, or are they better?
bruh do you even rollerblade?
excuse me why is your grass like a shrub? mine is like blades of grass, sharp European grass.
Most important part of gear of every rollerblader is comfortable and soft socks and yours high sport white socks is most comfortable and soft for good rollerblading with them in yours rollerblades but only defect of white socks if you oftnen and fast drive with rollerbladed  with same white socks in yours rollerblades yours white socked feets become sweated  and dirty with black trails of dry sweating from rollerblading with them but on fortunantly nobody see that and you are cool rollerblader guy and not some hick dude which is  rollerblading with his dirty and stinky high  white socks
How did you insult me and my wife in this video so clearly by calling out our names?!? This is the only video on YouTube to offend me directly.
Your humour is absurd and frivolous. I love it...
This feels like a scene from Bo Burnham Outside.
This video is criminally underrated
:')
I'm SOLD.
I feel like he just saw those sunglasses at a store and the entire video idea came to him fully formed
Can you skate in the sky
This felt sooo long and I listened to every word.
He's my favorite person on the internet
im being recruited into the rollerblading mlm scheme aren’t i
Oh look, it’s goofy awkward Brian and not existential horror Brian.
It's videos like this that let me KNOW that BDG would be an amazing writer/director for irreverent comedies. It's a little bit too early to say this, but he might even be the next Mel Brooks. His comedic genius and timing is on par with Rogen/Franco movies and other comedy greats of this era.   Honestly, I hope for nothing but success in BDG's life/career and I look forward to seeing his silver screen debut.
Is this The Green Knight?
This whole video changed meaning when I realized that brian is a damn good 'blader. This is no longer irony.
Rollerblading?                               Yes.  ?
Skinny Jon Tron.
Rollerblading... yes.
BDG really threw himself or his go-pro thing down the concrete stairs for us. I love the vibes of this one. Green… Hubris… Rollerblade 😔🤙
This was my first ever bdg video an d i remember having been so confused
Everything you do is amazing and perfect. Thank you.
Man that was close. You were one rounded corner short of a time machine.
Damn, is that Casey Nice Tat? I'm inspired
"...It's balls"
Well, I for one, do not doubt the limitless possibilities of rollerblading.
I'm more of a quad skater myself but to each their own
so i got rollerblades and i went on grass expecting me to stop but 😭 the wheels just kept on turning
this perfectly captures the pain and suffering that flows through me when im rollerblading on a slightly imperfect surface
What tim and eric sketch is this
m..my...my parents are names steven and stefanie. Guess I'm predestined to hate rollerbladers
who did i pick up, rollerblading
"the things you can do they're limited because there's 0" technically 0 is also limitless.
Only 3 phases.  What about the time you sold your friends laptop for a Hurdy Gurdy? What about the video game book clubs? The culinary expert who dedicated himself to finding the perfect popcorn recipe? What about the lover of sexy sexy Castlevania creatures? You go through like 3 phases a week minimum I guess is what I'm saying.
Any 5 seconds of this lovely video are funnier than anything SNL put out in the last 15 years
this is how they edited abstract: art of design on netflix
Rollerblading? Yes
Tim and Eric walked so Brian could rollerblade
god i feel like theres SO much in this video that doesnt immediately hit the eye
Just remember that this man made a living off ranting and diving deep into video game lore for a youtube channel enterprise of Journaling.
Can you elaborate more on the time you got really into rhythmic gymnastics?
Adult swim is waiting for you baby...
I feel this on every level except physical
That doesn't make sense, that can't be real
is this tim and eric
The blades of rolling vs the blades of grass. A rivalry as old as time.
me trying to explain cryptocurrency to my friends after blacking out on an adderall/ambien combo
This is the content that I come to the internet for.
Why do you sound like Quentin Tarantino?
Your pacing and explanation style is similar to when Tim & Eric explained the Universe which is a monumentally hilarious video in history btw. You're basically the modern-day Eric and you should be proud because you both are comedic in a dry wit sarcastic sense
love that it feels like brian only needed to do one improvised take, then used every single one of them.
This video is 3 minutes. It feels like 10
I kinda hate that:  A) I didn’t watch this sooner B) This doesn’t have millions of views   Because this is incredible fucking content
I can confirm you can do anything with rollerblades. Both of mine are now pregnant with our 4th and 5th children.
"You can do anything" Anything that has anything to do with sand: "I would like to introduce myself"
"A time i got really into rythmic gymnastics". Ye we all remember that one chief
This gives off the same energy as the buff penguin from Surfs Up talking about his trophies
People hated him because he spoke the truth
I was served a Tony Robbins ad before this.  This Video was more motivational and I'm here for it.  Blade On.
Grass is not that bad of an obstacle if you're prepared to get dirt in your wheels
I get it... I need to buy more gear
I knew a girl who would Rollerblade around campus, which was all hills and stairs...she had a power I will never achieve.
Dang, I feel called out.
.
It's BALLS
This is my favourite fever dream
"Their name's probably Stephen" HEY NOW. ....I mean you're right but still!
Please keep making content...
very tim and eric.
Rollerbloading? Yes. There's the: ✔️ Speed  ✔️ Thought process ✔️ Feeling of weightlessness ✔️ Experience of zen ✔️ Thought process (again) ✔️ Growth
The go pro shot with the finger guns!!! Haha
"It's Balls" t-shirts should be sold at all sportsball auditoriums.
He looks like a Pokemon Battle NPC
It's balls 0:58
Imagine if this was your first bdg video
i feel like somehow, all of these videos connect. i don't know how, i don't know when, but i feel like someday there will be an in depth analysis of the bdgcu and i am here for it
this has the exact vibe of an art21 interview i watched sometime in early college
Just found your channel and oh my goodness it makes me giggle like a baby
Brian discovered a new hobby and wanted to show everyone and plus it's a tax write off now
YouTube says I've already watched this but I don't remember it but I can see why I blocked it out
brian is Korrina's idea man
the day this man starts an arg i won't be surprised
This is just the sequel to death stranding
This is the new Bladerunner sequel
I haven't even watched the video yet, but I feel like BDG would really enjoy Jet Set Radio
I would like to completely offer my agreement that rollerblading is indeed, limitless
+
I like to think that he legitimately created 16 rules despite not needing to
0:35 I half expected that spittake to end up in the other frame.
As a Steven I can verify this is true
You know they make all-terrain rollerblades @briandavidgilbert
getting Alan Resnick's "Scultor's Clayground" vibes from this and I love it
i'm gonna get a tattoo of a single roller blade that says "it's balls!"
Will you ever do a Gill and Gilbert reunion stream tour. Please, my son, he's dying.
as a rollerblader i would like to mention that grass doesn't bring me to my knees (i mean, you can just walk) as much as wet asphalt does. and tiny, tiny pebble that i didn't notice before it was too late
that was a pretty good ted talk.
Oh cool a new vid from the sub-par molding guy
BDG channels Tim & Eric, I love this
Kyle Mooney vibe
why is it so hard to say rollerblading now
You obviously can't do everything while rollerblading.  That doesn't make sense alright, that can't be real.
I don't know how, but even though I was focused I couldn't listen anything he said. I mean, I heard him talking. I just couldn't process what he was saying. I... I think I'm gonna put away my phone now.
I LIVE ROLLERBLADING
All bdg videos make me ask the same 2 questions: "Is he doing okay?" "should we be worrying about him?" But he's probably fine right... Just like untreated adhd leading him from one hyperfixation to the next or sentient chaos trapped in a body. Im sure he's fine.
i’m begging you to collaborate with chris fleming
watching this for the first time literally the day after my first attempt at roller skating,,, i know it’s not roller blading but this feels like some sort of omen
Brian both would make you soup while you’re sick in bed and absorbe your kneecaps while you slept
I need those glasses tho
This feels like he just went to Central Park one day on a whim and told Karen to bring all his recording equipment  and she just recorded him doing weird shit for 2 hours
"skateboarding is infinite" was yesterday, today its called "the rollerblader's world is limitless"
Feels like an expanded upon concept from his building an online brand video, where the clones keep cutting each other off and walk away uncomfortably.
This reminds me so much of Tim and Eric's Universe series.
BDG stach is back.
How I sound when I need to infodump about a new Special Interest before I have enough information about it to really do so.
Jet Set Gillbert
Okay but as a rollerblader, can I still be my own boss?
i feel like this all the time thank you sir
As a person who has rollerblading as one of my favorite hobbies, I can confirm this video. Much appreciated, appreciating the rollerblade. Thank you.  “Rollerblading? Yes.”
Can we get a rollerblading unraveled on the xgames YouTube channel?... or wherever it is people overanalyze extreme sports...
This video is 3 minutes long and yet it feels like I just woke up from a coma that started in 2019.
"Rollerblading....yes"  Poetry.
your videos are so damn good, you should get 100 times the views. Such an underrated content creator. Keep up the amazing work!
I never understood how uncomfortable of a camera angle forehead mounted go-pros make.
Reminds me of 10 years old me when I got super into Taekwondo for like, a month
Hello there Marshmallow Man, How do you plead?
1:57 Beautiful Peter-Parker-from-Spiderman-3-Walk there
1:49 "Rollerblading? ... Yes ¯\_( ツ )" Why did I laugh out loud at that
I think it was fate that i got this video recommended after i decided i wanted to get into rollerblading
I no joke went to goodwill immediately after watching this video and bought two pairs of rollerblades. My brother and I went rollerblading after but he fell pretty hard. After getting up he said "I think I found a limitation" and walked home on foot.
The cross country runners world is limetless
How to roller blade ?  Yes How not to roller blade ? Grass
Soooo no more Unravelled, BDG? That sucks but keep up with new content!
You are ridiculous and I love it!
BDG is Aquarius AF 😂 (And as a Leo I can’t not be intrigued) btw I totally clocked that you’re in Prospect Park 😏
Brian should make Jort merch
I feel like the only reason this video exists is because he found out how to rollerblade
ro11: the unlimitedness
Please we need a "unraveled" like series if that's possible with your time/budget.
He needed to put his new gear under “work purposes” on his taxes and honestly? The world is better for it
I was scared that this was gonna turn into a scary
Rollerblades bought.
alright
I hope and pray to my Lord and Savior that you and Gus Johnson get to meet someday.
You can do anything on a rollerblade ... except safely navigate a downward incline of more than 10º because the brakes will break you.
in all seriousness: rollerblading is so fucking fun and freeing.
"what's the one with the little butterfly net?" Me: "...soccer?"
So glad I'm not the only one who likes to gently chew on the mouthpiece of water bottles, lmaoooooooooo (the TEXTURE is CORRECT)
technically you can't "not wear roller blades" as a rollerblader, but other than that you could do anything.
Are you in a Little Caesars's Commercial?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCeY7xnCM58
Hello?
I totally expected "Oh look, you're awake... "
I don't know if you read the comments but your videos never fail to put a smile on my face, and makes my day just that much better!
this feels like a Joel Haver character played by BDG and it rules
HES GROWING THE MUSTACHE AGAIN!!!
Gonna send this to my sister cause she got roller blades for her 25th
Bdg videos illicit fear in a visceral sense somehow
I kinda don't get it but somehow I still like it......  Okily Dokily
me in a job interview
Rollerblading?  Yes.
Technology In the future or today Technology On your rollerblades Technology is here Technology is here The future is today And tomorrow is so clear
this entire video was a fever dream
this is actually season 2 of sk8 the infinity
You can do anything on a rollerblade huh? That doesn't make sense, that can't be real.
this is gold, so goofy
Is this the lore of Lucio?
What about walking
did you stop unraveled
I love seeing a new BDG video and watching it with the nagging question of "Is this video going to be incomprehensible existentialist comedy or incomprehensible existentialist horror?" and knowing that it could at any moment switch from one to the other.
Brian needs to do a collab video with Ethan/CrankGamepPlays, I don't care what, just as long as these two brilliant lovely minds have fun together
But like... you can still walk on the grass? I used to rollerblade in middle school guys, you gotta be able to balance but you can walk on the grass.  And stairs are hellish but also still doable in rollerblades, just like hang on to the railing for dear life and cram your foot as far into the step as you can or like crab walk or something. The rollerbladers world is limitless. Until you run into sand. Then its harder to balance and its coarse and rough and it gets everywhere
rollerblades do have a limit and that limit is roller derby because you're using the inferior type of skate and you should use quad skates instead
0:24 "-'cuz, you can do anything..."   *WET SLAP*  "...on a roller-blade."
I've never thought about it like that
Was this the get a tax write off for your GoPro helmet
This entire video was just an excuse for bdg to test a new gopro and you cant convince me otherwise
Bdg has the most impeccable timing for adding awkward pauses and making things that could be normal extremely off putting 😂
I love how he's wearing bike shorts. So excessive, love it.
After 5 years of watching BDG, his content has stayed amazing, and only gets better and better. The editing, use of aesthetics, acting and dialogue is all so perfect!
This is the same reason I love skateboarding. Good on ya BDG!
loving the choice to have his normal glasses on *under* the rollerblading glasses
I truly love that BDG has matched his nails to the water pack rather than his actual outfit. Accessorising done right. Such a style icon.
See you guys back here in 3 weeks when Brian goes overboard on his next hobby. I'm guessing mini-golf.
Brian David Gilbert is "Commit to the bit" incarnate.
seriously now, bdg has really mastered internet humor. the way he uses editing and transitions, the amount of things he says and shows one after the other, the dentist ad music in the background, the abrupt change from mock interview to existential horror. Is all perfectly, absurdely well crafted and really fucking funny. Not even Neil Cicierega himself would dream of something like that  congratulations buddy
Fingerless gloves? Am I right?
-limits, stairs and grass and water too probably but how limitless is it, unlimited, maybe capping at 69kmh but unlimited.
Actually wanna go rollerblading now
The water’s hot………..  But that’s what I need.
That can’t be real, that doesn’t make sense
phew, i was worried this one wasn't sufficiently weird for a moment there
Before today, I primarily identified as a BDG fan. A business owner, yes. Employer, father, caring friend, sure. But BDG fan first. Now... I don't know what I am.  I have to rethink my choices in life. All of them, apparently.
the first section is very Tim and Eric, the last section is just genius
Aright
Honestly I thought he gonna like rob a bank
Just came here to say that doesn't make sense and it cannot be real. - Stephen
Everyone when Riders Republic drops on Consoles...maybe
I’m sitting here telling him he’s a liar and he starts talking about how I’m wrong and then says my name
Bippity-boppity-boo videos as good as you
The random guy in the back: what?
Wow, Casey Neistat really changed.
"no way! I love rollerblading!"
Took a second viewing to realize he has glasses on under his goggles.
BDG are you growing a moustache to game the algorithm?  Because it's working.
oh no yeah that’s it
Guys I think he got a gopro
You gotta wonder, ya know?
I got new skates in the mail the day this video came out, and the day after, I went skating for the first time in like 6 years.
no guys like i love bdg so much
I'm probly the hundredth person to say this but: I love that I never know what the videos on this channel are going to be until they're over.
Limitless, until stairs happen
POV: your sleep paralysis demon telling you about their new passion
why are you my dad
I feel like this is one of those things that you make because it's a problem you run into often enough that it becomes your own personal meme of despair. I wrote my sister a poem once because of how much I hated having to get off my bike in front of the campus police every day.
So inspirational to. Bu- wha- huh?!?
How did you know about Steven and Stephanie?
Brian looks like he roller skates
GUYS THIS IS HUGE my uncle works for Rollerblades LTD and sent me a list of the 16 rules of rollerblading: 1. Don't listen to Stephen. 2. Don't listen to Stephanie, potentially. 3. If you can dream it, you can do it. 4. Even if you can't dream it, you can do it. 5. Drinking of cold water is strictly forbidden. 6. Gotta stay prepared. 7. Tell no one when, where, why or where you picked up rollerblading. 8. DON'T. LISTEN. TO. STEPHEN. 9. Give regular, contemplative thought to the fact that you can put your foot down and it still moves. 10. The GoPro stays on. Always. 11. Speed -> Thought Process -> Feeling of Weightlessness -> Experience of Zen -> Thought Process (again) -> Growth -> 12. Be ready for anything. 13. Rollerblading doesn't involve balls, ergo it is limitless. 14. You are never obligated to let anyone else know these 16 rules. 15. Do NOT mention the lawn I MEAN it. 16. Rollerblading?       Yes.
Gonna send this vid to Steven, lying bastard told me there was only a few things you can do on a rollerblade why I ouGHTTA
Inspired by your video, I started rollerblading instead of the daily Pokemon Go walk. It's really great exercise for the whole body! As I was eating a tasty bacon sandwich prepared in my rollerblader fannypack I saw a nearby Miltank (a pokemon that looks like a cow), I got this revolutionary idea: Which Pokemons could you eat?  Could you make a list of Pokemon edibility?
Eh.. Content was better when he was still with polygon.
and of course, also, the when you’re roller blading- yes.  its inevitable.  the life of a blader isn’t just vroom, it’s more of a… whvroomph.  you can’t fight entropy, you can’t change the laws of inertia.  think of it like singing a song, except that song is a dance, and the dance is on a concrete slab in the sky.  also brian i absolutely adore your nails.  is that a metallic turquoise paint?  xoxo Swan
Literally me when I was 8
Gonna tell my kids this was Brink! (1998)
Thank you for being the beautiful human you are
My gawd, look at the number of those patrons
When he said “I split my life into three sections” my brain defaulted to papa roach’s last resort
Man this was a nightmare to watch hungover, would not recommend
I feel like you bought the sunglasses first, then learned to rollerblade to craft a bit around them
When he fell I laughed like the end of looney tunes
{   "ns": "yt",   "el": "detailpage",   "cpn": "zGSHUdAZzTTwn9rc",   "docid": "XtviQ046SQY",   "ver": 2,   "referrer": "https://m.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLiiMk_Ve95f_frq10TBaQECzMjOIJVx_x",   "cmt": "75.083",   "ei": "TBHsYK-UMu7ZigSq05WICg",   "fmt": "248",   "fs": "0",   "rt": "71.31",   "of": "RfZua3vFEw-4vbPBOCNKFA",   "euri": "",   "lact": 5,   "cl": "383489651",   "mos": 0,   "state": "8",   "vm": "CAEQARgEOjJBS1JhaHdCdTBjQWxaeWR4QWY1TTZMeTR6ai12b1hlMzlnZW12Q0NUS0xaWDBfWkhoUWJYQUt5TVJHdFQ4bm5lM1JidnVPQjVpTzdBVkVVdFpRcXoxVnFzYW5VMmVRLXBJMktVWERYMXJNeEp1YWVmYkI2V3VBRVpUcUtqQ2FRMWlNNG9WYTRIaDl0UQ",   "volume": 100,   "cbrand": "lg",   "cbr": "Chrome Mobile",   "cbrver": "83.0.4103.106",   "c": "MWEB",   "cver": "2.20210707.08.00",   "cplayer": "UNIPLAYER",   "cmodel": "l322dl",   "cos": "Android",   "cosver": "10",   "cplatform": "MOBILE",   "hl": "en_US",   "cr": "US",   "len": "183.241",   "fexp": "23897180,23923339,23940237,23973490,23983296,24001373,24002022,24002025,24004644,24007246,24023960,24027396,24034639,24036237,24045212,24045411,24053866,24056703,24058128,24058293,24058812,24062574,24062843,24063702,24068605",   "list": "PLiiMk_Ve95f_frq10TBaQECzMjOIJVx_x",   "afmt": "251",   "muted": "0",   "conn": "3",   "cc": "a.en",   "vct": "75.083",   "vd": "183.241",   "vpl": "0.000-75.083",   "vbu": "0.000-96.095",   "vpa": "0",   "vsk": "0",   "ven": "0",   "vpr": "2",   "vrs": "4",   "vns": "2",   "vec": "null",   "vemsg": "",   "vvol": "1",   "vdom": "1",   "vsrc": "1",   "vw": "242",   "vh": "136",   "lct": "74.971",   "lsk": false,   "lmf": true,   "lbw": "678618.059",   "lhd": "0.514",   "lst": "1077.328",   "laa": "itag_251_type_3_seg_9_range_1521612-1692150_time_90.0-100.0_off_0_len_170539_end_1",   "lva": "itag_248_type_3_seg_17_range_29316405-31045733_time_90.8-96.1_off_0_len_1729329_end_1",   "lar": "itag_251_type_3_seg_9_range_1521612-1692150_time_90.0-100.0_off_0_len_170539_end_1",   "lvr": "itag_248_type_3_seg_18_range_31045734-32782091_time_96.1-101.4_off_0_len_1736358_end_1",   "laq": "0",   "lvq": "1736358",   "lab": "0.000-100.001",   "lvb": "0.000-96.095",   "ismb": 8810000,   "relative_loudness": "-3.560",   "optimal_format": "1080p",   "user_qual": 1080,   "release_version": "youtube.player.web_20210707_1_RC0",   "debug_videoId": "XtviQ046SQY",   "0sz": false,   "op": "",   "yof": false,   "dis": "",   "gpu": "Adreno_(TM)_308",   "cgr": true,   "debug_playbackQuality": "hd1080",   "debug_date": "Mon Jul 12 2021 04:55:32 GMT-0500 (Central Daylight Time)" }
This video is a very clever way to include as much rollerblading equipment as possible, as well as a GoPro, in BDGs tax write-offs. He truly seems to be his own boss.
This video screams tax deductions and i’m here for it
00:36: No fucking way. I thought their name is probably Steven, before BDG said it. wtf.
as someone who recently got into rollerblading  haha yeah
The old folks say he's always been rollerblading
I dont like this video
Anyone surprised that BDG is randomly good at rollerblading? Anyone? No?
They make mountain bikes, surely they make mountain rollerblades.
I'm gonna build a BDG cinematic universe, based solely on the line "and then there was the time I got really into rhythmic gymnastics" being a reference to the fact that this the same Brian from Dances Moving, making this video a sequel.
I have to run to the comments to see if. I can continue to watch his videos while trying to go to sleep at night, or will it give me nightmares 😅
Did I see a Spider Man 3 finger gun dance in there, or am I just imagining things?
backer money well spent!
I want a sequel, a reboot, and a 5 episode mini-series directed by David Simon.
the butt pad 🤧
I really like the editing style
Allright... who has the first drafts of the BDGverse to present to us?
Thanks for the shoutout. I did say nay.
I can never find Rollerblade size 12 in my country, so fucking hard
I love it, but I feel like I was listening to Michael Scott.
I don't remember Sk8 the Infinity being like this
Me with a brother and sister named Steven and Stephanie  👀
I still think all of these vids are connected somehow
Roller blading?...   YES
I watched this after coming back from rollerblading. I managed to escape the unyielding lawn for at least one more day.
so true bestie
it’s balls
Is this some kind of cult I’ve stumbled across?
Honestly, not nearly as unsettling as I thought it would be, but enjoyable none the less
What did I ever do to you :(
Hello, 9-1-1? It’s the guy again
Rest In Peace you glorious roller blading bastard. You king of inline skates. There but for the grace of god go I.
BDG never escaped from the 90s dimension
SK8: the infinity.
Just think, that if I met Brian, when he's wearing this outfit, I wouldn't recognize him
I love roller blading
Shadowbanned??
Get it bro
I can walk ok across grass in my in-line skates, idk what BDG is being such a wimp about.
Yeah
Every video just makes me question existence
well I need to know what those sunglasses are
He’s wearing the sunglasses on top of normal glasses
I’m really confused
bdg is the modern Gene Wilder as Willy Wonka
Jet Set BDG
Let's be honest.  Bdg just bought some new rollerblades and wanted to write them off as a business expense.
You know they say all men are created equal, but you look at me and you look at a non-roller-blader and you can see that statement is NOT TRUE.
Brian David Gilbert can do no wrong. Horror, comedy, beauty tutorial, cooking videos, gaming, musicals, dance… and whatever the hell this is
This is the kind of wholesome nonsense everyone needs to fill their brain with.
Thank you for posting this on my birthday, best gift tbh (I know it wasn't for me, but it's fun to think about it lol)
0:35 I take offense to that
I couldn't stop thinking 'look at his british petroleum lookin-ass shirt.'
so true
Shots fired
Our man can really rip on em blades
This feels like it should be the backstory to a weird Saturday morning cartoon villain who ants to destroy all grass.
haha i thought that was you in the park. good work
Brian looks like Dax Flame here
“It’s balls” -BDG
Alright? Alright
It was really weird, I felt like he was trying to be funny but i wasn't laughing. I kept waiting for it to get funny and I was getting worried that the day had come when I wouldn't like BDG's new video. Then the end happened and all was right with the world.
The outfit is obviously tax deductible as charity to my eyes
As soon as he hit the ground and woke up somewhere else I SWEAR I said out loud "Oh this motherfucker just got isekai'd didn't he"
Is this the sequel to “dances moving” given the rhythmic gymnastics phase of his life?
How much equipment did he buy for this video??
Why must you mock this lifestyle choice.
100% Accurate depiction of rollerblading, there are no mistakes in this.
Things went all *Ingmar Bergman* at the end there. Bold approach.
the whole initial rambling felt so close to a chris fleming bit i saw in a dream
This is Skate 4
am i ready. we shall see
This is extremely cathartic the day after an immobilizing roller skating injury
Thought mans said rollerbladers world is womenless which would not be unture
. . .I'm so frustrated Bryan can Rollerblade with inline skates. Granted I'm jealous of anyone who can.
This video was uploaded on The 4th of july
Man, this makes me want to start roller blading again.
He’s surprisingly good at rollerblading
for a second I thought this video wasn't going to have any existential horror
The fluro, the glasses, the nail paint, I love it
bdg quickly taking on more and more "THAT uncle" vibes
Wtf haha
This reminds me of an actual interview I once saw of some "freewalker".
THIS GUY GETS IT
This is a proper Dumbest of All Worlds bit
Surreal Brian = best Brian
YES TES YES
Nice to see you getting outside brian
fuck this makes me with i had two working legs you look so free
I'm proud of you for wearing appropriate protective gear, Brian
As a rollerblader: Where'd you get those sunglasses? I need to upgrade.
this was three hours of work, max
was this....just a giant shitpost for touching grass?
Why did this video make me realize that Stephanie was the female version of Stephen
That ending was about what I expected from a bdg video
*Brian David Gilbert*  Safety Fan Bureaucratic Wunderkind Roller Blading Enthusiast
“What’s the one with the little butterfly net?…Lacrosse?” -BDG, a true icon
brian, my lad, my chum, my roller comrade, just walk on the grass like you do when walking without blades, just a casual stroll
As a Steven, I feel called out.
Man this new jet set radio game is looking crazy
I literally just bought roller blades last week. I love you BDG
I feel personally attacked, except inline is for stupid baby ingrates
skateboarding? infinite. rollerblading? limitless.
My geography teacher used to play hacky on rollerblades. Apparently a lot of injuries occurred, but none bad enough to counter the fun.
Nothing exists outside the wanton wrath of the unyielding lawn
As someone whose name is Steven i fucking howled at The Part
Oh mustache is back cool
Love your nailpolish!!!!!
this monologue has Michael Scott energy
lacrosse. so he's a marylander
as someone who rollerskates all the time: the unyielding lawn is my enemy as well, perhaps with enough tar we can take them out TOGETHER, brian
does he really look like a guy with a plan?
goddamnit i knew it
Finally…truly…a video made just for Me.
yo  totally
they all have very obvious limits. what's the defining feature? what ties them all together?      it's balls.
A lot to think about there.  I must meditate on this.
does that mean roller skaters can do half  of the limitless things
I feel like "This water's hot... but it's what I need" is the "I know it's for babies but I NEED it" for people with POTS or others that constantly need to hydrate. It spoke to my soul in the worst way
this resonates with my soul on a deep level
This is so well edited holy shit. Props for this amazing video like actually amazing i love ti
EXCUSE ME
When you're rollerblading you can just take off the rollerblades so the set of things you can do without rollerblades is entirely contained within the set of things you can do with rollerblades, which is all things
I was waiting, expecting, for the existential dread, and it never came. Then it finally clicked. The existential dread is the rollerblader.
god I love these Tax-Write-Off videos
as a roller*skater* BDG at 1:54 is actually pretty accurate at why skating feels amazing
Woah is that Beat from Jet Set Radio Future
bdg episode formula, weird man and psycic horror.
Can I be honest for a second I thought this video would just be you attempting to roller blade for 10 minutes and falling over and over again and the joke was gonna be you have no idea how to roller blade
Can you stop being such a legend for like 5 mins your making the rest of us look bad
🎵Push it to the limit *Roll* along the razor's edge But don't look down just keep your head, or you'll be finished🎵
He's not even that good at rollerblading
I'm feeling very atacked
I broke my wrist rollerblading 3 weeks ago and now as I sit here watching this unable to use my dominant hand I feel my dreams breaking as well. Wear your wrist guards kids, so the embarrassment at 2:13 isn't compounded by the fact that the EMTs have to take your rollerblades off before they haul you into the ambulance 💀
Not gonna lie I dont really get this one
0:23 Have you ever had a dream like this ?
omg yes the mustache is coming back
this video has the same vibe as a squarespace ad
And with that he secured the rollerblading fandom
Whenever Brian starts explaining something I immediately get flashbacks to Jorts and Being your own boss. I can never trust these videos again.
BDG: The rollerblader's world is limitless  A flight of stairs: Hold my beer
i thought this was gonna be a really beautiful video about roller blading but its like oh this white guy talks a little silly good job
What kind of jsr trailer is this?
BDG is the main character of the newest sports anime about Roller Blading...
i've always wanted to learn to rollerblade
I needed this today, thank you!
As a rollerblader myself, I agree
SCRUNDLER?????? WHY DO I HEAR SCRUNDLER
You know we've got James Charles coming back and deleting his confession video, Gabbie Hannah causing a wreck, and Shane Dawson's potential return on the horizon, but here's Brian David Gilbert. Giving us treasure. And joy. And beauty. We are blessed.
No morals, no constraints, no judgements, absolute freedom. Rollerblading is the basest nature of Man.
mustache returns
Yeah.
As a skateboarder, this is accurate
the fact that he specifies the water is hot without any further context is honestly terrifying.
My problem is i just cant find new, good rollerblades in my size
Will it be a song? Will it be nostalgic? Will it be a recipe? Will it be horrifying?  I won't know until I click play. I'll see you all on the other side
All this is missing is the one-man four-boy boy band.
Something about simultaneously footage between an interview and GoPro...it's hypnotic...
What was he saying at the end in the robot voice? Something about technology?  Please someone translate, i need to know for science
That doesn't make sense, and that can't be real.
They see me rolling  They hatin'
you can't...
someone learned some new video editing stuff, oooooooh
Mr. Gilbert you forgot that skate wheels have BALL bearings in them
Me in my head whenever I get a new interest
Can't rollerskate in a buffalo herd, tho
Was gunna comment a joke but there were two problems: 1. there was too many to make 2. The jokes made are too strong already
That mustache breathes new life into me. Metaphorically, of course. But I'm hoping one day to say that literally.
Therapist: Grass isn't real and it can't hurt you  Grass: 2:12
I wanna rollerblade but my town has trash sidewalks
Genuinely was cacccckling at the end with the grass 😂😂😂😂
Yaaaaas
I was waiting for it to get weird and I was not disappointed.
laurie anderson inspired at the end there?
Delightfully spinning, rooling, blading...
It took me way too long to realize this was for comedic purposes.
The subject could be replaced by anything and it could be said by a politician
he's had a lot of unfortunate hair
This is the first video I've seen on your channel, I'm subscribing because of it.
nicely colour coordinated outfit
Is he just ignoring Hockey... Rollerblading is like the limited version. Just look at the stop, one can stop instantly and one needs to use a brake...
Why did it become a psychological horror at the end
But that doesn't make any sense!
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.
When he pauses, try to guess what he's going to say next. You'll be wrong everytime.
I always wanted to roller blade a few years ago. I wonder if I'll be interested again someday.
When I was rollerblading I didnt think I had no limits. Clealrly I did not get into rollerblading enough
it's Balls
I knew, I just knew he was going to say my name
Alternate title: "Rollerblader has an existential crisis"
the first thing i said when i started this  video was "oh god he has a mustache again, chaos is afoot"
But, on the rollerblades, there are things that you can't not do, right?
Glad to see you're back to making surrealism
the roller bladder's world is limitless.                                                                                                                                                                                   In life there's things that you can do, and then there's things that you can't do. Alright?                                                                                                                   But in rollerblading,it's not like the rest of life, because there's only things that you can do.                                                                                                                   And when you look at the math of it-alright?-the things that you can do, they're limitless. Alright?                                                                                                                   And the things that you can't do, they are limited, right?                                                                                                                                      Because there's zero because there's the-you can't...'cause you can do anything.                                                                                                                   On a rollerblade.                                                                                                                                                                                                                 And there are gonna be people who say that doesn't make sense, alright?                                                                                                                   And that can't be real. Yeah?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      But,and their names are probably...                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Their name's probably Stephen. Maybe Stephanie, potentially, even.                                                                                                                           I'm ready for anything.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     And just go ahead and think about any other cardio sport.                                                                                                                                          You got baseball, you got Cricket. And you got...What's the one with the little butterfly net? Lacrosse?                                                                                                                   They all have very obvious defining limits, alright? And what's the defining...                                                                                                                   What's the defining feature of all of them? And ties them all together?                                                                                                                       It's balls.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     I split my life into three sections.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     There was the time before I started rollerblading.                                                                                                                                                              And there was the time I really got into rhythmic gymnastics.                                                                                                                                     And then there was the time after I started rollerblading.                                                                                                                                              And are there rules to rollerblading?Yeah, sure, okay, there are.Alright? There are sixteen of 'em.                                                                                              I'm not gonna tell you what they are.                                                                                                                                                                                           Ohhh that water's hot.  But that's what i need. There's nothing like that feeling alright? Of pushing your body down a space.Alright?                                                                                              And your legs they don't have to...                                                                                                                                                                                           You can put your foot down on the ground and it still keeps moving. Have you thought about that?                                                                    Have you thought about that? Gotta stay prepared.                                                                                                                                                    When did I pick rollerblading? Why did I pick up rollerblading? How did I pick up rollerblading? Where did I pick up rollerblading? These questions don't matter.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       And I would prefer if you didn't ask them.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Rollerblading?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Yes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       There's the speed alright? then there's the thought process. And then there's the feeling of weightlessness. And then there's the experience of zen. Alright? And those... And there's the...the thought process again. But then after that, there's the growth, alright? And there-                                                                                                                                                                                .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    [CRSAHING NOISES]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           *heavy reverb* How soon the pride of the rollerblader is brought to heel by the unyielding lawn.
Darts on rollerblades.
You saw those glasses and got carried away didnt you?
I don't know how to rollerblade
I feel like this video is an excuse to buy everything involved in getting into roller blading and writing it off as a business expense. Which is genius.
i feel like the purchase of those sunglasses predated the concept for this video....
Me trying to convince my bf to spend quality time with me
BDG posts a new video. Me: "Finally, some good fucking content."
when the lawn hits 😩😩
Maybe the real rollerblades were the friends we made along the way
how is this man so effortlessly funny
Why do I feel like Brian is a professional rollerblader
Dude you're actually fast
The fact that for some reason he's wearing a cyclists padded chamioux is my favorite
https://youtu.be/iE6B-R6UXSY
How could you post this when I’m thinking about getting a pair and rollerblading again
Any BDG video ends with me saying "what the fuck did I just see?" The only difference between videos is the tone.
Not your best work but definitely gave me my weekly weird vibe and isn't that what we're all here for?
Hey, Brian, big fan, love your stuff.  Just got one question.  What the fuck did I watch?  No seriously, what the fuck?  (Whatever it was, I loved it. <3)
Are those new shoes?
yknow those boots from the game Haven? someone make those boots so BDG can have them
My question is: how much of this "kit" did u already had?
Well I'm convinced
Hehehehe I love BDG.
It's starting to look like BDG is on a mission to make cool everything dorky.
for fuck's sake brian
I agree.
Fuck I just realized that this is filmed where I work and that I was 100% making fun of brian both by yelling in his direction and just to my coworkers. I’ve literally never been more ashamed of my actions. But in my defense if you had seen them film this from a distance and not know it’s brian and Karen it would be very hard to not make fun of them.
Big napoleon dynamite energy
bl8 the infinity
i feel like this video was made specifically for me since i  picked up rollerblading literally yesterday (on the day of its release)
What about ice skating way better than roller skating when you fall in rollerblading SMASH!!! And you get raspberries, but when you fall in ice skating way better WHOOSH!!! Slide no raspberries necessary
bdg is wholesome sam hyde
the reveal of the park lawn gave me extreme graenolf vibes and now I can't get the image out of my head of brain and graenolf seeing each other from opposite ends of a field. there is another. a Skit Master
bdg should learn to graffiti and then reenact that one sega game
This man tho
Why does a rollerblader have cyclists padded shorts?!
i think this is the latest i’ve ever been to a bdg video
How I act when someone asks me about outdoor sports.
Keep makin’ it weird, B(ryan)D(avid)G(ilbert).
I need more
This is your brain on rollerblading. Any questions?
The first two minutes of this: the interviewing equivalent of padding your essay to reach the word limit 2:17: the edible kicks in
I loved rollerblading until i fell on my back in the middle of the road and couldn't breathe. Haven't touched a pair of rollerblades since.
Brian needs to make an arg
Brian: Stephen. Stephanie, potentially. Me: Kinda feeling attacked right now
BDG..?.. Yes.
Someone was a fan of Sk8 Infinity
Passion. I love it really
I have literally no idea who this guy is I just clicked on this video because I saw ‘rollerblading,’ and ngl this is me 25/8
This Maryland boi dissed lacrosse on the internet THAT is true fearlessness
This, weirdly, is what it feels like to have to take care of an over-active kitten while drunk and sleepy
That doesn’t make sense. That can’t be real.
If only he was the rollerbladin' in a thong guy
limitless? can you rollerblade with two live hand grenades?
The power of this man to make me go from horrified to cry-laughing is astounding
"What's the one with the butterfly nets? Lacrosse?"
His words have the same flow as a Karen trying to explain how the world revolves around them.  Love the video, Brian.
This is so strange, I love and appreciate all of your work so fucking much
this is backrooms, right? bdg clipped through the stairs trapped in endless grass
I hate that you perfectly described the skating experience
I wish that I could have the versatility that Brian possesses. he can really make whatever he wants and it will be incredible. I really admire that.
Yes the mustache is back!
Just went rollerblading. felt limitless
Just BDG making videos to justify all the purchases he's always wanted to make
I love your usage of full safety gear!
That outfit is dope, tho
What.   What was?  What was this?
You know it's a bdg video when you spot the pink flower in the background and you think "I've seen this stuff before, the twist will be that that isn't a flower and is actually skin of a body, not sure if it's alive but we'll see"
I don’t get it, but I like it.
really good video
Why is this me trying to write an essay?
This has heavy Tim and Eric: The Universe vibes. Which makes sense, because the universe is limitless.  Like rollerblading
trending gg
so, brian, what have you been into lately?
Hack the planet!
The turn at the end is chef kiss. Classic BDG. :) ALSO peep dat editing!! That was smooth my dude. <3
this is the best advertisement for roller blading i've ever seen
oliver tree rip off lmao
Dystopian, I love it
Rollerblading? YES.
Whenever I see rollerblades I think of the Power Rangers Movie.
Wow you pronounced “bicycling” in a funny way
A real athlete
Don’t forget you can run on the grass with the roller blades
wow
"The hardest part about rollerblading is telling your parents that you're gay." - Human Giant
Mmmmmmm this has horror vibes, I'm scared Mr. Brian Gilbert  Edit: I was a little right?
YES
“Their name is probably Steve.”  I can confirm this. My brother is named Steven and he claimed that this video made no sense after I showed it to him. The blades are life, bro.
I just started rollerskating a few months ago!
Clicking on a BDG video is like spinning a wheel of fate on what type of video it's going to be. Might be funny, scary or just plain weird but they are always worth clicking on.
It does unironically look cool though
i tried to follow ur argument in the beginning and then my adhd kicked in a minute in LOL
Hearing my name less than a minute in is already surreal
Idk why but I got strong Steve Buscemi in Fargo vibes
I feel like this video was to write off the tax on his new rollerblading gear.
Females got all that smegma all up in there but they don't get cut, only boys get cut up when we babies circumcised because they assume boys ain't gone wash "down there" as thoroughly as girls do.
I've been itching to buy new rollerblades for some time now. It's gonna be siiiick ;)
this reminds me of when sk8 infinity said that u could skateboard everywhere and just ignored the fact that grass and snow exist
i can FEEL the YMO vibes radiating out of the music i love that ur getting into 80s laser fight music
A BDG video is like a box of chocolate; you never know what you're gonna get.
I agree
I need to start going to the park more often to see if I can spot what the next video is going to be
I just love this dude. So weird, so dedicated, so brave, so nice.
whelp, gonna go buy some rollerblades
noclipped through the vertical staircase into grasszone. rest in peace
What the fuck am I watching
you can do anything except go up hill
The sense of pure panic I felt as I saw this rollerblader gain speed downhill while the camera was flipped.  Now that's... That's the essence of this video. It shows reality by abandoning the realism of the realest of all things: rollerblading.
BDG: "Truly limitless possibilities" A road you though was paved all the way suddenly turning into a gravel path: *boss music*
One is stuck playing the impassioned protagonist in one’s Subjective Narrative of Self 🎈
Oh Brian
"touch grass"
You may have inspired me to try rollerblading, but also my area is made of hills so maybe not.
Pretty sure Brian set out to make a parody but ended up genuinely loving rollerblading. This is sincere, authentic... necessary.
honestly living for bdg's gradual transformation into east coast chris fleming
Definitely some Alan Resnick vibes going on here
If there was a colored acid trip filter on this video it would truly become a cinematic experience
Got a lot of Tim & Eric vibes from this. Was just wondering when the trademark BDG existential dread was going to kick in.
Bdg's videos now always induce that nervousness of "okay, when will this turn into a horror movie?"
The best thing about this video is that it is not funny unless you follow Brian because if you follow him when he falls it’s like Oh is it’s going to be scary and then  How soon the pride of the rollerblader...
I’m about to rollerblade. I’m going to do it, and this video has filled me with that confidence
Only a minute in and I'm getting huge Hansel vibes. Maybe a lil Tony Perkis energy for flavor too 🤔
brian how have you done this. i literally just picked up my first pair of rollerblades today. i am going to check my house for cameras
I was waiting for the existential horror that I gave myself goosebumps, then it happened and I relaxed.  Then I immediately got uncomfortable again.
FUCK YEAH ROLLERBLADINGGGGGGG
Bro, you went to Hopkins. Don't be acting like you don't know lacrosse.
eyyy it be him!
I was told that the hardest part about roller blading, is telling your parents your gay.
That doesn't make sense. That can't be real.
eyyy it be him!
this is how i feel trying to explain to my friends why i like ice skating so much
I JUST created a character who is a rollerblader so you bet I might use this golden audio for some animatic of sorts (and will fail in the process)
we stan a man trying to business expense some rollerblades
And when the world needed him most... *HE CAME IN SWINGING*
What about darts??? What happened to the foretold prophecy of the dartening???
This man is trapped in 1992
it sounds like Michael Scott wrote the skript and I love it
I'm gonna need you to start listing the names of polishes you're wearing down in the description
Gotta put your water pack in the fridge
but....they make all-terrain rollerblades?
this tells e everything and also nothing about rollarvlading
i literally just ordered rollerblades a day before this video went up
If u feel sad go and listen to my first song "All I Need" 💙☁️🎸
Okay but like he’s actually really good at rollerblading
#cancelgrass
I feel like this is just his way to get a tax write off for his rollerblade equipment
He's beauty, he's grace; he is fast approaching you in his slick rollerblades.
God I dont understand how every video this man makes is just more BDG than the last. Like holy shit, the man does not have a peak. He just keeps going
can i suggest: bicycle  the lawn does yield, to bicycle. source: 30 miles of cycling a week, some of it on a road that is technically a highway, some of it during flood conditions like today during the northeast's elsa aftermath
Can you make rollerblade ice cream...?
I broke my ankle recently while rollerskating, so now I watch this video with envy
WTF I just started rollerblading yesterday did you read my mind??
https://youtu.be/_SXwty4M31o
Brian David Gilbert as an Oblivion NPC
this whole video, like all videos featuring BDG, is truly an ADHD mood
This is like what a fever dream looks like but like, limitless
I'm looking at you Stephen... maybe Stephanie.
I love how bdg videos begin like a common video kinda funny and then becomes a strange cult
I want to see the 16 rules of rollerblading.
surely the problem with a lawn when you are rollerblading is that it is TOO yeilding
Is this a promo for Waluigi's Walurollerblading? Either way, nice 'stache.
The fact that he's wearing glasses under the sports glasses makes this so much better
I really want to know those rules to rollerblading now !
I don't know what i just watched, but i very much enjoyed it and my day is forever better. aaaaannnnddddd never mind i got to 2:14 things got weird ill report back in 15 minu-and its over well
Okay but of you're cool enough to ride quad skates you can tip toe across grass
I just noticed you can see his regular glasses underneath the sunglasses. What a lad
Please send help
He found a way back into the 90s bubble
This is Michael Scott's video promoting rollerblading.
The mustache is coming back! 😆
Every BDG video is him showing off he likes something and that's beautiful
I don’t really understand what this is, it doesn’t make me laugh, but I still just sorta enjoy it
Did you get the padded bike shorts in case you fell on your tushy?
“If the Good Lord had intended us to walk, he wouldn’t have invented roller skates.” - Willie Wonka
Haha, what?
I literally love your new content I'm excited to be in on the ground floor of a new area of BDG
The 16 rules of rollerblading:  1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16.
This felt way longer than 3 minutes
Such a goofy weirdo man. We love you brian
Some day one of these videos won't go sideways I think I'll be more scared
Finally some recognition for the name Stephanie
I am going to need footage of the rhythmic gymnastics stage
This has real tim and eric vibes
I can confirm the rollerblading stigma that "rollerblading is limitless" because I know a Stefany
Aight, count me interested
“It’s balls.”
so what im hearing is.... rollerblading is..... L I M I T L E S S ? ? ?
This feels like a weird callback to JSRF
Turns out there is a limit to rollerblading.  Grass.
Love the shirt
Dude, you are the definition of a SOUL SKATER.
I have my doubts (as a Steven)...
The color coordination is so mesmerizing in this video. The vivid greens, the blue highlights from the shades and the water tube, even the black protective gear is calling out to elements in BDG's surroundings. With the soothing music and the amazing rollerblading wisdom, this video is a fully transporting experience.
Everyone asks why rollerblading... but they never ask _how's_ rollerblading
The weirdest thing i watched all day, but honestly the best thing i will have watched this month.
yes
1:50 sums it up perfectly
when you learn how to edit
That background music really slapped.
So basically Brian got rollerblades and wanted to claim them as a business expense on his taxes
Did you coordinate with mike shake
This is one of those videos that’s just impressive regardless of what planning went into it.  Regardless of whether it’s scripted or improvised, his delivery is perfectly comedically on point, and the editing backs it up beautifully.  11/10 will watch again
Thanks it'd been too long since I last felt like I was going insane
Brian is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna watch
plot twist: bdg is secretly cousin throckmorton's half brother
An unyielding lawn can't stop these badboys: https://www.powerslide.com/Powerslide-Next-Outback-150 The world of rollerblading is LIMITLESS!
Am I the only one who kind of wants to pick up roller blading now?
lol. I picked up rollerblading during the pandemic, so I love this. Grass is a limit of rollerblading.
Man joins Tour de France determined to compete on rollerblades
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’ .
Why do I feel like the entire concept of this video sprang from the outfit?
Oh, to be a random person walking their dog and witnessing Brian filming. I can only imagine Karen has to apologize for him now and again
Realizing BDG reminds me of the late period of early YouTube and I for one welcome the renaissance.
"There's the THOT process, Then there's the growth." - bdg onlyfans coming 2021.
If Daft Punk really did split up, how do you explain that end credit music?
Earlier today I was thinking, "Gus Johnson would get along with that dude who did the dart video really well, I can't remember his name, I wish he uploaded." Then this video happened  On a second note, I feel like BDG would get along with Gus Johnson really well
Rollerblading . . . . . . . . Yes
All right? All right?
Man, "All gas no brakes" really changed.
POV: you sat down on a bench in the park and a man who looks like he's been a missing person since 2006 rollerblades up to you unprompted
Isn't zero limitless?
Thank you Brian
I bet he got into rollerblading after playing Pokémon X
butterfly net im wheezing
I must say, this is a very interesting  metaphor for a person which grows tired and weary of his hobby/work. You try to convince yourself that what you're doing is good for you, that you need it, that you can truly do anything while doing it. You already know that there are limits, but you pretend that they don't exist. Eventually you start questioning whether you really should pursue it, you realise you have neglected other things because of it. And then you find yourself in a place of weakness. And from that point there's  two options, either you keep going with it and push yourself harder, or you choose to change.
0:44 I'm seeing the Old Bay crab vibe move on display here
Really want those sunglasses that go over eyeglasses
Did BDG just distill the energy I bring to the last job interview I partook in?
Michael Scott vibes.
Brian is just on a roll with these business expenses.
This is like trying to hold a conversation with someone whose entire identity revolves around one hobby or topic of interest.
This month in "things BDG didn't want to pay tax on" I'm pretty sure that this video was made so BDG could call a GoPro a business expense.
There are many reasons I can be distressed by clicking on a Brian David Gilbert video, but the most common is because I don't know how to refer to him. There's something so uncomfortable about calling a man like this Brian, but if I call him David I might as well just call him Brian, and who picks the middle name out of the three? But alas, calling a man by his last name unveils a power I am not yet prepared to wield. Of course there is the simple solution of calling him by all three, Brian David Gilbert rolls off the tongue so Brian David Gilbert works for a short amount of time, although after a while of saying Brian David Gilbert it just gets long and clunky.
POV: The year is 2004 and you're meeting your girlfriend's stepdad for the first time.
Knowing BDG, I fully expect to rewatch this and find a dark hooded figure hiding in the bushes behind Brian that I didn't see before.
..... YouTube started showing rollerblading ads.  What have you done
the rollerblader's world is limitless provided they stay on hard surfaces
i'm starting to learn how to rollerblade. and i saw this video.  the universe is obviously telling me it is the right thing to do.
Just went and bought some new roller blading gear... better make a video so I can get that sweet tax deduction, huh? Funny, all the same.
Me (Stephen) and my girlfriend (Stephanie) watched this video...under the influence of marijuana. Thanks for that heart attack when you name dropped us both for being anti-rollerblade. We love rollerblading for the record
AS A STEPHANIE WHO ROLLERBLADES, I AM DEEPLY OFFENDED
#infinEman
Top work!
you just gotta put bigger wheels on the blades, brian, then you can roll on that grass
Me at 00:00: So where's the dark twist?
Oh no. In tremble in fear of those glasses. I'm always astonished how something that looks so weird can end up being fashionable. I'm looking at you roadbikers wearing oakleys. You're weird and have more money than sense
The rollerblader's word: limitless  One SINGLE grain of sand on the road:
I rollerblade and I can confirm our world is limitless, all thanks to the power of understanding the concept of love.  btw BDG is a wimp for sucumbing to stairs and lawns like that.
Lawn...  ...Darts.  It's time to get gud.
Alright.
I would like to think that BDG made this after he saw that outfit and wanted a reason to buy it
I feel like we're getting a lot of... abstract? art? from BDG, and I am here for it.
😐😐😐🤣🤣🤣
Good thing I was already trying to legally change my name from Stephanie... dumb name change office needs to speed it up and maybe get some roller blades, unlock their limits
🤟🏾 𝕀  𝕛𝕦𝕤𝕥  𝕦𝕡𝕝𝕠𝕒𝕕𝕖𝕕  𝕒  𝕔𝕠𝕠𝕝  𝕧𝕚𝕕𝕖𝕠.... 𝔼𝕟𝕛𝕠𝕪
Alright?
That doesn’t make sense and that can’t be real
fashionable glsses i have to say
Me: comedy or psychological horror?  BDG: Por que no los dos
But now there's a time after you realize stairs and grass are the enemy to all roller blades.  All of them.
YOU’RE FROM BALTIMORE AND YOU DONT KNOW LACROSSE? good actually that’s healthy
no lie, a couple weeks ago I actually laid eyes on the ethereal form that is BDG absolutely killing it in a roller rink and I thought to myself "there is nothing surprising about this, BDG being a masterblader makes perfect sense".
it really feels like a feaver dream
Rule #16: Don’t try rollerblading on grass. For you will be overcome.
My partner has been looking for quad skates for weeks now and this is only going to encourage them. My spine can't handle that much physical activity, Brian, what have you done
glad to see he’s continuing his quest for fitness via standing on balls
Did you just come up with that last line from one of those fridge magnet poem things and write this skit around it. Cause that's my guess haha.
I like how his blue nail polish coordinates with his outfit 💙
as someone who rollerblades, this video is accurate
bdg looks like the fifth secret member of TWRP in this video
thank you
So, what you're saying, is that bicycles are limitless
Algorithm
Also: the weirdly specific sub-sub-genre of sci-fi post-apocalyptic rollerblading movies a) contain way more entries than you expect, and b) none of them are good, but ALL of them are great
I recently started trying to learn how to roller skate. This was, weirdly, inspiring.
rollerblading? yes.
Hey, you are creative and talented
Not surprised in the least the BDG roller blades
bdg definitely bought a GoPro and wanted to write it off as business expenses
I see you, Prospect Park!
When its wet, gg
My mind has been expanded. I thank you for this knowledge.
I call them Jumbo Heelies.
can u go on dirt with rollerblades?
Feels like irony about the sphere of life that I'm not into. Something like "haha stupid sport bloggers", but I don't watch them, I don't know how stupid they are.
Brian lookin like one of those atheletic pokemon trainer in BW
The office vibes
Best ad for rollerblading I’ve ever seen, frankly
https://twitter.com/janecoaston/status/1405970944779120641
Finally some proper rollerblade representation in the media!
AHHAHAHAHHAHHAH
There must have been so much B roll needed to make this video
Mad respect for your portfolio 👏
Rollerbladers: NO LIMITS * enter lush grassy fields * Rollerbladers: ONE LIMIT.
oh so its one of these
the word rollerblading has no meaning anymore
Joy
I'm irreparably aroused.
this is exactly what my essays sounded like when I wrote them at 1:30 AM when they were due the next day
He should put ice in his camelback to stop it from getting too hot! Also cools down your back :)
W o t. Okay. Thanks
That made so much sense and I believe it's real - Stefanie
1:47 bruh whats on his ass?
I hate to break it to you, but that doesn't make any sense.
All dislikes are just misclicks
I'm in love with the take that starts around 0:30 where he just drinks a lot, spits, and says "I'm ready for anything"
tHIS is my SHIT
Glasses on glasses. Love it.
I love that he's from the same state as me
That doesn't make sense, that can't be real!
He's growing a mustache!! **waluigi intensifies**
Brian... don't lie, did you return those sunglasses after this bit?
“Roller blades are strong but family is stronger”
I see he needed to write off his roller gear on his business expenses
Brian all I want to know is: where did you get those shades?
Can't decide if Brian decided to make this video after he found the jumpsuit or the sunglasses
This is so precisely not what I expected and I'm very much here for it
Limitless eh?   Ok, show me a video of you rollerskating down the Himalayas on a 60 degree 3km ramp decline with a rocketpack while being chased by flying robot ninja tigers that are trained to eat rollerbladers and you have to jump over a pool of sharks who are also on fire.
how many hobbies do you gonna have, bdg?
He’s actually a pretty good rollerblader.
I've seen many a' rollerblader succumb to the whims of the lawn
not those gopro shots making me feel like puking
It's like if Mulholland Drive was actually good.
Why is he actually so good at rollerblading---
thanks for coming out with this new video just for birthday, Brian! Love ya!
When did brian get this cool?
How to expense your new hobby equipment in 1 easy video.
STRONG Tim & Eric energy on this one, I love it
It was actually kinda scary to hear Brian call me out like that 0:33
pov pokemon x and y
so I guess we know what Brian was picking up during Spring Lockdown
Walk up some stairs, how bout that?
FLY THEN
Oh god I literally picked up rollerblades yesterday, time to learn the 16 rules.
Who did I pickup rollerblading?
I find it hilarious that cricket and baseball are considered Cardio sports according to Brian.
Fill that water pack with coffee and truly become l i m i t l e s s
Brian is a Tim and Eric fan, love it
lmaolmaolmaolmaolmao!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!wtf
… it’s balls
this reads like a Magnus Archives episode and I love it
i cant tell if this is making fun of rollerblading or making fun of sketches that make fun of rollerblading
God. I forgot that those wrist pads were a thing. I wore them so much as a kid.
Ended too soon! This is my only call for a re-edit!
I checked the time because I definitely felt like the 3 minutes were up and the video was still going  I was at 1:20
Brian lives in NYC right. His video characters are indistinguishable from real ppl in that city, and also potentially hes not creating these characters but just documenting them
I got called out
But… WHY rollerblading?
The mustache is back!
Hey can I just thank you for writing your captions out? Thanks for being such a great YouTuber and being accessible! I appreciate this. You rock.
Rollerblading is the same as fire. When in trouble, stop drop and rollerblade
My favorite thing about this is that the lawn's problem is that it's _too_ yielding.
This Stephanie was infact thinking that.
Brian you can’t keep doing this to me.  What the fuck
I thought it was going to take a dark turn when he fell and "brought to heel by the unmoving lawn" and that sounds about right.
it's balls.
It feels like I'm watching Tom Cruise talk about literally anything
💜B💛D❤️G💙
There was a little bit there where I thought “Maybe this isn’t going to turn weird and will just be a fun parody” and man do I love to be wrong.
He looks like he's constantly sad wearing those glasses
ooooohohoho i love the butterfly net quip, taylor and tyler are gonna be so mad
ART💚💚💚
0:44 when he takes off his shades to take off his glasses is hilarious in itself, yes, but also I non-ironically do this while driving
I sent this to my friend at 2AM :))
Rollerblades and lawns...  the reason my wrist doesn't fully rotate anymore.  Thank you for this explosive exposé.
This is like 40 different cut-aways from the office. And then it becomes existential.
Sorry for asking when, why, how and where you picked up rollerblading Brian it won't happen again
This is big Michael Scott in an episode of Twin Peaks energy.
in rollerblades, you can kill a man in cold blood AND get away with it
rollerblading????????? ...... ...... ......yes.
That one friend who gets way into every single hobby they pick up... for 3 months.
This has the same energy as that vine with the kid who's like "Have you ever had a dream when you... and you could... and you... and you could do anything?"
my brother in law talks like this but like yeah
... you don't just run across lawn until you reach more sidewalk? It's steep slopes that trip me up.
the rollerblader's world is limitless
Loving this pitch for season 2 of SK8 the Infinity!
So, there are actually off road roller skates. Therefore, the rollerblader’s world truly is limitless
It's *BALLS*
How much you wanna bet Brian found that outfit and the rest of this skit came fully formed from the head of Zeus?
All things considered, a sport having 16 rules is pretty low.
BDG is my wholesome and entirely welcome sleep paralysis demonic prophet
"the unyielding lawn" slayed me, please consider making a donation to cancer research in my memory
Have you ever had a dream that that you um you had you'd you would you could you'd do you wi you wants you you could do so you you'd do you could you you want you want him to do you so much you could do anything?
GRASS
Actually impressive editing for how goofy all these shots are
i guess this is SK8: The Infinity's shortly awaited anime sequel Rollerbl8de: Limitless?
brian takes adhd impulse shopping and makes a video so he can mark it off as a business expense
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.
This is literally me trying to explain my passions to people. Including the last bit.
What does the voice during the credits say?
im so happy this is going to blow up
Lawns? Lakes? Mountains? There are TRULY no limits when you're CROSS COUNTRY SNORKELING.
Are you saying that the limit of what you can do with rollerblading... does not exist?
Hold on I want that shirt
BDG drinking hot water from a camelback in full rollerblading gear with matching colors is such a mood
We need the rules to rolling blading!!!  How can we pick it up?
So, the stairs disappeared and he was transported to the lawn dimension?
I forget I can pause these videos. They feel like a Thing that is Happening and I just happen to be witnessing
Technology. In the future of today. Technology. On your rollerblades. Technology is here. Technology is here. The future is today. And tomorrow is so clear.
Be honest Brian; you saw those glasses and then came up with this whole skit.
I did so much rollerblading as a kid. It's like all I did for years.
Imagine if it has been sand
Gotta love the Spiderman finger-guns
he sounds like he's from toronto in this hahahha
love how hes all geared up
*heavy reverb*
*my nicknames Steve and I play lacrosse...*
Brian seems to shift constantly from "Your friends cool new boyfriend" to "Everyones stepdad" and I love him for it
How does this American man know about cricket? Someone put him back in his bunker.
The emotion in this video is exactly how I feel upon learning a cool new skill, and then discovering that I know less than a tenth of what that skill has to offer.
Which ice cream pairs best with rollerblading?
Tell us the rules coward
So I guess the question is did bdg know how to rollerblade and make this sketch around that skill. Or did he teach himself how to rollerblade after getting the idea for this sketch?
Mmm you're telling i can terrible acts of terrorism as long as i am rollerblading? Noted
downsides to rollerblading: snakes
His choice of facial hair works well for this
John 3:16-17 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.17. For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9-10 9. That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Amen
This is why stairs *are* evil
Uhmm
I would absolutely love a brian david gilbert and brutalmoose collaboration
It was only today when I realized that this man and Mathew grey gubler were Not in fact the same person
yes i rollerblade yes i agree
Once again an amazing video, brian just keeps on delivering, but he keeps making me want to do stuff like bird watching, making jorts & rollerblading & I don't know how he does it especially when most of his videos seem to be ominous warnings.
Bruh
untrue. my name is steven and i think you cam do anything
One Word:  HEELEYS
me but skating with my penny 🤣🤣
Who did you pick up rollerblading, though?  edit: I say then immediately see another comment with the same content
Me: im not going to do something just because a stranger on the internet told me to. Also me: Okay so one thing.
was that the fucking sam raimi spider-man 3 finger guns walk into a tumble at 1:53?
"everybody think they're hard until they blades hit lawn"
Join SNL!
you spent like 2 hours on this video
Why is this like exactly how i think when i put roller shares on??
this reminded me a lot of the tim and eric space video lmao
i keep expecting these to just fuck me up mentally, brain why have you done this to me i just wanted pokemon rap content.
Nice Camelback bruh.
gettin real sick of guys like u :D
D-did the genre just change? I got whiplash
A man of many talents 😅
my biggest surprise from this video is that bdg is actually really good at rollerblading???
As someone who skates this is very accurate
just realised that he is wearing two sets of sunglasses and that's got to be the funniest twist in cinematic history
*shaking head in disbelief and awe and also respect*...he's done it again
The commitment. I mean two pairs of glasses? Who are we to stop hi?
Wait until he finds out about off-road roller blades
Brian: now how can I write off rollerblades and a go pro on my taxes???
I literally bought a pair of skates and now i'm like, am I being limited because of the wheel placement? I didnt even consider this...
I wanna know how he knew my name and that I was doubting him
Have you ever had a dream, that, you, you had-
I swear, this is like watching a Trump speech  Except I don't this feeling of impending doom
this is simply an elaborate way of brian telling us he hates lawns and i support it
I felt this one in my rollerblading soles
This is art
You'll never convince me he didn't get the idea for this video from just the sunglasses
Bdg does godforesaken county
This video is a tax write off. Change my mind
😄😄😄
He fell so hard he teleported to scatman's world
Another trip into Brian’s synth wave flavored brain decay
2:14 Hey you, you're finally awake.
Look at him Go
This is art
What
Bdg: how can i make a video that is also just an excuse to go out rollerbladeing?
I aspire to become a roller blader 🙏
0:51 brian just tell us you want bottom surgery and go 🙄 /j
BDG: Why did you start roller blading?  *pause*  Yes.
Thank you brian, Very cool.
That outfit is drip limitless
I'll be honest, lawns are great if you want to practice your spins and flips.
Seems like bdg died on the stairs and woke up in a hell made up of endless lawn.
It's the Olympic speed skating outfit for me
I agree, SK8 the Infinity is a good anime
.
This went from a Brian David Gilbert video to a Brian David Gilbert video
BDG at the X-Games 2022
Brian I am very drunk I cannot handle this rn
He won't but I will. The rules of Rollerblading:  1. Your left shoe has a wheel 2. Your left shoe has another wheel 3. Your left shoe has a third wheel 4. Another wheel, the fourth one, is on your left shoe 5. Your right shoe also has a wheel on it 6. A second wheel is placed on your right shoe  7. A wheel, the third so far for this shoe, is attached to your right shoe 8. There's another wheel, and this one is on the shoe on your right foot 9. There's no wheels on your left hand 10. REDACTED 11. Wear a helmet unless you don't 12. There are no wheels on the helmet 13. Unless it seems like it might work 14. Like it sounds crazy but remember when we put wheels on shoes the first time? 15. We were like "whaaaat that's crazy!" 16. So you know, it makes you think
The fingergunning at 1:56 you deserve to drop…
Jet Set Radio Evolution looks great!
As a rollerblader I appreciate and respect this video, I feel truely inspired.
when the lawn thing happened i was expecting it to go psychological horror mode but instead i just got brian crawling on some grass for like 30 seconds
thank you for honestly the best video on my 2021 saves playlist i cannot wait to revisit this in a nostalgia trip in the future somewhere unless youtube gets taken down in the necessary crossfire to free humanity from capitalism
Brian David "I really wanted to figure out how to write off roller blading swag on my taxes" Gilbert
By now my first thought every time I see BDG has uploaded a new video is "is this gonna be a confusing musical or a confusing horror?"
DBG buys a bunch of stuff and needs to come up with a video to write it off as a business expense
I have literally no idea where any of the ideas that resulted in this came from
Well at least it wasn't gravel
"Now Good Molding Guy" is saying we are naysayers? I say hell yeah to rollerblading!
I guess there actually was a limit, wasn't there, smart guy? Roller blades are nothing but two piles of deceptions (a left pile and a right pile), it should say on the warning label. Don't believe their lies, no matter how sweet their siren song.  Well... maybe you can believe one lie, but no more than that, lest you fall into the trap. The roller blade trap. But it's alright to believe the lie about them making you into a rad dude. Or is it?
Hobbies BDG will try next:  - Miniature golf  - Pickling vegetables  - Geocaching - Fencing  - Animal husbandry  - Designing custom scarecrows  - Applying to various watch repair shops but never actually showing up for his shifts   - Making wax wings to escape Crete  - Dropping other fruits on Isaac Newton to see if he discovers new laws of physics  - Building rockets, fighting mummies, and climbing up the Eiffel Tower
TELL US THE SIXTEEN RULES OF ROLLERBLADING, BRIAN! THE PEOPLE NEED TO KNOW.
So next Unraveled is about Jet Set, got it.
That doesn't make sense. That can't be real.
That water's hot: it's what I need.
"Oo, an innocent-looking roller blade video. I wonder if this one will be scary." - There's a recording where he trips over stairs and wakes up in a field. Ominous music plays. "Is this the moment?"  "How soon the pride of the roller blader is brought to heel by the unyielding lawn." The level of suspense I have attained for these moments has made this pure comedy gold for me.
my theory is that steven or stephanie got tired of him acting like a big shot on rollerblades, so they drugged his water pack and dragged him into the middle of a grassy field to teach him humility
BDG in this video has a real Michael Scott energy
Rollerblading > roller skating. It’s just a fact. It’s a proven fact because you can do anything on a rollerblade. So it’s a fact.
commenting for the algorithm
Me with bicycles, except I can only work bicycles in the grass, because it's slower and my anxiety doesn't cause me to fall over as often.
Pretty sure this was BDG flexing more editing skill
wake up, new BDG lore
Spot on exact thoughts while rollerblading
i didn't remember clicking like on this video. but there is the upwards thumb, blue as the tears of my heart. have i always liked this video? since before the time of liking, when the universe was just a vast sea of void and particles? i shudder to think.
yesssss
I was expecting him to eat shit on the pavement and the video just immediately ends. Not quite what I was expecting, but it was still great.
Brain got a new hobby
Spent this whole video waiting for either the punchline or the psychological horror. Luckily today we were blessed with the former
so... where can I buy the course?
Is this a Capri sun commercial from '99? Jesus.
Why does the beginning of this have big Nick Miller vibes?
Then theres the spiderman finger guns
this video wholly embodies what its like to have a hyperfixation/manic week
this video is a fever dream
0:22 remember the “Do you ever have a dream that-“ kid?  This is him now. Feel old yet?
Unironic rollerblade skills appreciated
yeah this is how i feel when i rollerblade
Hmm this video reminded me how much I liked rollerblading as a kid and now I'm contemplating picking it up again...
What the fuck happened to getting good at darts
"That doesn't make sense." - Steven
Man looks like a Jet Set Radio character
Rollerblader's world is limitless Sand be like: are you sure about that?
i already really wanted to start rollerblading and this just makes me jealous
Love the proper PPE.
another banger, how does he keep doing this to us
I just got into rollerblading three weeks ago and I'm glad you taught me not to question it. Only zen, only growth, no pride, only humility and the blades...
Place pops up on screen  Me: I"VE BEEN THERE I"VE BEEN THERE OH MY GOSH I COULD'VE MET BRIAN DAVID GILBERT!
Brian David Gilbert needs to do a collab with Joel Haver or Value Select of Skycorp Video. Just some of the best sketch comedies on YouTube right now.
So rollerblading is like reaching adulthood.
This legitimately makes me want to roller blade
“Rollerblading: Yes” couldn’t have said it better 😂 The First of October has a song about that, you might like that
im in prospect park so often, how do i not run into you?
BDGs delivery in this reminds me of Steve Buscemi for some reason. I mean this as a complement.
That fit is exception. I really feel the power of the roller blades babyyyyy
this is funny because i'm buying a pair of roller skates right now but, like, the 4-wheeled ones, because I grew up with them and also because they're less bulky imo
This video feels like justification for getting into rollerblading and managing to write it off as business expense
i rollerbladed earlier and i am very much afraid of if BDG aware of that fact
this video has such an intense energy of just making me want to blurt out more relevant sports. Parcour. Skateboarding. Ripstick. Heelys. Huh. Have you ever thought of that huh? its the perfect persona to make me want to list random sports. cardio sports? you mean. like. running ? Have you mayhaps considered obstacle races? Again, parkour? Can you rollerblade on rooftops? Doubt it And I know. i know its nothing that I would actually give a fuck about in normal circumstances. Like yeah have fun with your rollerblades, i personally prefer ice skates, but i can appreciate how much more versatility they have however the video truly is structured so expretly as to want to make me act as if i care about sports
I was watching this on the sofa and my mum rudely decided to watch over my shoulder and then criticized you for having in-line rollerblades, what do you have to say for yourself
As a rollerblader, I feel simultaneously attacked and accurately represented.
The editing is on point, and the rollerblading is pretty nice too
Easily the weakest film in the BDGU. You can tell they were rushed in the writer's room because of the lack of character development.
is this one of the podcasts my dad listens to
Roller-Blading . . . or Roller-Living?
Something I fear and respect about Brian is that I'm not sure what to expect in the next video. Case in point.
You remind me of a certain shitbag former president in the way you’re speaking in this certain skit.
That’s a lot of green, dude
Imagine going for a walk in the local park and you see this technicolour nightmare of a man rollerblading in circles
Fifth consecutive video where I ask Brian to be my best friend
Yeah this has it. I'm not sure what it is but stuff like building your online brand, the one with the demon that tells you when you'll die, the watermelon man, time to get good at darts, and the jorts tutorial have it.
BDG actually stands for Brian picks up a new hobby every Dang time he makes a new Gvideo
16 rules 1.r 2.o 3.l 4.l 5.e 6.r 7.b 8.l 9.a 10.d 11.e 12. 13. 14. 15. 16.
Knowing exactly where this is filmed made it 20x more surreal and wonderful
The question is: Why the hell is he wearing padded bicycle pants???
bdg's true ability is being limitless. he's had (?) limits once, but he discovered limitlessness. that's his ability. he's trespassed the boundaries imposed by limits, now he 𝗶𝘀.
rollerblading?  yes.
I mean honestly, I HADN'T thought about that
I'm probably just going to send this video to anyone asking how I feel about my wheelchair lmao  "I love it, I feel limitless! Why do I use it ? I would prefer if you would not ask that question. Also I hate stairs and grass."
"Marketeer filibusters for two minutes"
With how the start of the video went down I was half expecting this to be about an immortal human using rollerblading to cope with being Immortal.  Instead the main villain was grass
You're SO WRONG it's not weightlessness it's FRICTIONLESSNESS get it together man I remember when you got your FACTS STRAIGHT like ROLLERBLADE WHEELS
Hey What
Shoulda opted for quads. Can at least stand in grass. Can't roll, but can awkwardly walk in quads
I guess I need to learn to rollerblade?
Why does this give me so much motivation to work out
BDG channelling some serious Tim & Eric energy in this one
Last summer tiktok was all about skating. This summer BDG is all about roller blading.  People. put them wheels. on your skates.
I fully appreciate your entire existence Brian.
I get some Mikel scoot Vibes and I love it!
nice
Bdg's videos are basically the only reason im still alive
I'm pretty sure this vid is another tax write off....
I hope this is the same water pouch that was used for the epic PC setup.
gatekeeping the 16 rules of rollerblading❓❓
Very Bo Burnham inspired, nice!
you can do anything on a rollerblade
BDG's videos always make me wish that youtube had a "super like" button which I would use almost solely for BDG
Its time again to play:  SURREAL SKIT or SURREAL HORROR
Rollerblading...?   *Yes.*
good form
Went rollerblading this week for the first time this year and now I'm unsettled
Brain David Gilbert is a cult leader and I respect that
my mind immediately went to sk8 the infinity after reading the title
when brian david gilbert publishes a video, it's a coin toss.  and that coin can toss heads, or it can be a coin that tosses tails.  but the coin toss is still a coin, and you have that coin after you toss.  unless you dropped it, so don't do that.
I need a collaboration between BDG and Chris Fleming. The love child of their combined comedic genius would be unparalleled.
When's the last time I used my roller blades? I got them a long time from a neighbor and used to go out on them a lot.
what.
While rollerblading, can you find something that you can not do while rollerblading? This question has been labeled by philosophers as the blader's paradox, and has thus far proven to be unsolvable.
This just needs joel haver animation
Honestly your videos hit me like a truck of randomness, it's never what I expect and always better than I could've hoped
can't learn a kickflip
the rollerblader's world is limitless, i say to myself as i hit a slightly raised portion of sidewalk and get my shit absolutely wrecked
roller blading is a tax write-off for Brian
My man looking fresh like a Jet Set Radio character
Me with my new hula hoop
BDG is the most unusual YouTuber there is.  What does he do? I don't know, heck I don't think he knows. Why does he do it? This too is unclear.  Will I like it? Yes  Will you? Maybe, I don't know I've never met you.
anyone else say "brian david gilbert" to the tune of the mario underground theme?
Snelle planga
First thought after he says rollerblading is limitless, “grass!”
This channel is just Brian showing us his new hyperfixation
I still don't know what this channel is
Nice
So Brian is this horror or comedy?  Brian: Yes
-"How soon the pride of the rollerblader is brought to heel by the unyielding lawn"
Cis Chris Fleming Vibes Cis Fleming
What a twist.
God I love rollerblading
This video got me through a sandwich. Thank you for that.
it really is amazing if you have a good paved trail though. i do like to rollerblade
Yes.
So are you getting a write-off for that rollerblading gear or what
speaking as a grown man who has recently become obsessed with scootering, this video speaks to me on a spiritual level
What about rollerskating?
The music kinda sounds like a sped up version of the song when bo Burnham turns 30 in "inside"
Classic Gilbert.
The color coordination though 👀
I hope Brian has considered a collaborative project with Chris Fleming. I would pay good money to see the peak of Androgynous theater kid chaos in a single video.  And you know what? Throw Joel haver in for a pinch of sugar
Post-credits scene: BDG crawls back to his 90's dimension and plays Crash Bandicoot.
fuck lawns
Getting back into rollerblading now, thanks for the incredibly informative video
BDG video: *starts* Me: *braces for horror*
I would like to rollerblade now
"It's balls."
You should see if you can get a sponsorship w pit viper
As a die hard rollerblader....this hit in so many ways.
I'm gonna be honest I'm way too high to comprehend what's happening here. Why is he listing off sports??? Edit: oh god
Brian, does this also perchance work for rollerskates?
next video is jet set radio explained to be the best thing in the world
What's the one with the little butterfly net? Lacrosse.?
big, beautiful tim heidecker energy
The funny thing about BDG's videos is that I'm never sure if it's going to be a psychological horror or a goofy joke (or both), but it always amazes me.
brian you're scaring me
"Ooo that water's hot" is the best line in this.
ok look, all im saying is... this man could make one HELL of an ARG
I want to laugh at the clothes, but my bike clothes are way too similar.
can we just talk about those nails for a second? absolutely fantastic
Really need to change your initials to BDE, for Big Dad Energy
Babe wake up, new BDG video just dropped
This is the "have you ever had a dream that.." kid but it's specifically about rollerscating
I completely agree with the sentiment but inlines<quads
Fruit booter!
🍌
evangelizing for rollerblades right in the middle of the tour de france? rude.
"Impossible is Nothing" -Aleksey Vayner
A new BDG video! Time to spin the wheel to see if it's a funny video, some of the best psychological horror you've ever watched, or an unholy combination of the two!
I used to rollerblade a lot, but I never had that much gear. That's why the lawn had to intervene; he did not fully commit to only the blade.
Dude bought a go pro for ONE VIDEO because we know damn well he will not be doing any more "sports" things
mountain blading on the other hand...
hmmm pre watching, its either a fun jingle, or horror... im betting horror this time
my next question is about the rhythmic gymnastics phase...
art just got onto another level
I bet Dale is one of the rollerblade naysayers!!!!
Seriously I sit through the credits of these things like it's a heckin marvel movie - where's my post credit scene connecting roller blading to the bdgeu??
Someone wanted to write off their roller blades as a business expense.
Here's another monthly video of BDG and without a doubt, I am not disappointed. You could even say I am thrilled.
Amazing.
what a great 15 minute interview that was. Wait how long is the video again??
I am crying laughing in public
The editing here would make Ang Lee proud. This makes Hulk (2003) look like it was made in movie maker.
What are the lyrics during the end bit?
You can also rollerblade in a thong.
Does anyone remember that h3 video that perfectly satirized the vape culture at the time? I feel like BDG does that for every video he puts out and I love it.
🤣
Jolly day friends
I love how disgustingly overedited and how overgeared this guy is.
i dont know why this exists, but i'm glad it does.
The glasses under the glasses really sold it.
I feel like i have so many questions while also feeling like i can't formulate a single one. Thats when you know it was truly a bdg video
This came out the day after I cried in the middle of a roller rink. Coincidence 🤨? /lh
How high is the rollerblading weirdo in the park? Not high enough.
Hi
Ohhhhh that waters hot
that feel when you just picked up a new hobby 3 days ago and it consumes your life for a short period of time
thanks brian, you've inspired me to start rollerblading now!! just the video I needed
What did I learn? Stairs are a door to the dimension of "L a w n"   Scary.
Anyone else want to see the rhythmic gymnastic experience vid...
As a inline skater. I fucking love this
spiritual successor to chris fleming’s theater artist
Stephen and Stephanie probably asked how much of the Patreon budget went into those sick ass shades
Rollerblade is a trademark "Inline Skates" is the proper term. Next he's going to call Disc Golf "Frisbee Golf".  Good God man, EARN your sexy hipster moustache!
Not me watching this as I'm browsing for rollerblades 😭🤣
alright horror or haha funny lets see where this goes  edit: i have no clue what i just watched
I was expecting this to turn into a horror and it never did and it's better than I could have ever imagined
In rolling blading there are only several competitors in terms of its scale and that’s a question I get a lot, but for me it is the entire world that’s got it wrong and that is that we are roller blades set to overdrive.
Hey Brian ima need you to stop giving me an anxiety attack in EVERY video maybe
why are you squinting if you’re wearing sunglasses
Most of BDG's videos can be summarized as "it's randomly funny and then it's suddenly randomly creepy"
:O
The mustache really pulls the whole thing together
Big Tim and Eric energy
I have no words
damn, he came right for my throat
I've heard once you've paid 100000 to reach the highest levels of rollerblading they finally tell you the rules
"the green gizzard" the worlds best rollerblade-r
dope 'ladin' brian
This man sure loves rollerblading
Brian David man what roller blades are you using my man
rollerblicarus
nice brian. but can you do a kickflip?
Today on "Videos BDG can shoot in half a day in Prospect Park,"
Sublime. Surreal. Sanguine. These are all words that describe rollerblading and videos about rollerblading.  Sequential.
im gonna need to know where you got those glasses, homeboy.
Why is this so fucking funny
Would you make an in-house "Unrabeled-like" video ever?
U N Y I E L D I N G L A W N
I see the mustache is making a return
what i wouldnt give to be in that park and just see a guy crawling on the grass muttering to his gopro
Stephen here: That doesn't make sense. That can't be real.
👍👍
Always love seeing Numerous Bees in the patron section of every end credits
sure
i have those same glasses... idk what to think about that...
rollerblading?      yes.
great commentary btw
I watched this so loopered that I thought it was an admission that Brian was going to stop doing anything else but rollerblading
If you’re Brian David Gilbert everything is limitless!
You should watch air gear
Part of me thinks this was scripted But the other part of me hopes Brian just sat there rambling for hours until he decided he'd probably gotten enough footage to make the video
We need your cover of Dire Straits’ “Skateaway”.
This video has a clear sign of ste-phobia hidden in it
what
why did he finally break into song at the credits and why was that song so short?
I cant believe how long ive been holding myself back. Get a rollerblad es, everyon e. Do it today.
You coward should’ve tried roller skating not blading, double the wheel double the trouble
Is the stash coming back! 😍
My questions for this Rollerblader are also limitless
“It’s balls”
Waiting for a dark comedy moment...
The first two minutes felt *excruciatingly* long, and then I just burst out laughing.
Hey Brian, I'm not sure if making an abstract video in a character counts as a tax writeoff. -a leaked email from brian's accountant
Bdg is legit pretty good at rollerblading for what it's worth
Interesting
did i pick up rollerblading? or did rollerblading pick me up? think about it
Mom: go hangout with the Neighbors kid   The Neighbors kid:
Ah, nothing like going into a BDG video, not knowing if it will be comedy or existential horror. It’s what I live for.
I rollerblade, i cannot stop yet, the only direction from here is forward
NEW BDG
Who invented rollerblading. Who invented skating. Who invented shoes. Who invented wheels. Who invented... Inventing. On today's unra-
1:19 The most unsettling moment in the whole video.
Rollerblading? Yes.
The split before going into the field actually made me feel anxious the way he made it seem like he was falling. Geeze.
i hate that the park he's rollerblading in looks like the park i rollerblade in
Also dirt
Loved it
what?
bdg's hobbies: - darts - jorts - hurdy gurdy - watching birds - rollerblading
Someone watched skate the infinity
Do you ever watch BDG and realize that’s what you sound like to strangers
I feel like Brian makes videos so he can do new hobbies while writing them off as business expenses
That's strange I didn't know crickets could do cardio sports, those insects never cease to amaze me
I was a rollerblader kid and the world was in fact limitless. We could go anywhere and do anything! The only limiting factor was that we were prohibited from entering virtually every business establishment with our blades on. But other than that? The world was our oyster! We ruled the sidewalk! Then the bikers came being able to travel faster with their fancy pedals and then comes the boarders who think they're so great with their fancy little tricks... Ok those fancy tricks are pretty cool. Can't lie. 😎
wholesome
Anyone know what brand of sunglasses those are? They speak to me. I must know more.
roller blade runner.  yep, thats my take
I really wanted a 3rd hand to come into the upper right shot at :43
Pathologic vibes
Yeah, heck with Stephen. Not all Stephens, just you. You know why you are.
He talks a lot but he says nothing.
Lol I feel like if I saw someone dressed like this around prospect park I wouldn’t give it a second thought.
I just realized Brian is not on polygon anymore. Was just thinking today about Unraveled and found this.  No clue he had his own channel. I love this.
wait so you're telling me it is limited
guys why was that so unnerving
Oh no
Omg its Ned flanders!
Blessed day, BDG has given us another gift
Have you ever had a dream? That you um you had um that you could um had um you could um you could do any thing you wanted to on a rollerblade
There are off road roller blades that cost like 300 bucks but they look like monster truck roller blades and those will let you conquer a lawn, though of course a downward hill would help a lot.
As a rollerblade fanatic, this is super accurate well done 👌
This is incredible
"What if there was an interview with an extreme athlete but he had no idea what the hell he was talking about?"
Not a fan of this one but it's always good to see that this channel is still going!
As a fellow rolerblading person i agree
Rollerblading? *Yes.*
But what about stairs
I wonder what the guy walking his dog in the back thinks of rollerblading
Hello everyone, and welcome back to everybody's favorite bdg-related game: existential nightmare, or fun skit?
I lost it at “rollerblading - yes”
So that fall… was it intentional or was it just caught on camera and kept?
Gotta say, that was definitely one of the videos ever
BDG MUSTACHE PART 2 BABY
hold up what are these legs doing
Who would win? A top of the line rollerblade *or* some grass?
where do i get that visor
Brian watch Rollertown if you haven't, it's super relevant to this video and honestly one of the funniest movies I've ever seen.
the unyielding lawn is a force not to be taken lightly
00:5 couldn't tell if those were sunglasses or underwear RIP
I too once let balls limit my potential.
Man, it was especially surreal watching this video, thinking the things he was saying didn't make sense and being named Steven...
Get a OneWheel
Walking on grass do be feeling like that
bdg finally got himself a go pro, his power is now uncontainable
for some reason nowadays I keep expecting BDG's short comedic videos to slowly transform into his uncanny-valley, horrorish ones. You never really know which side of the BDG lore you're gonna land on.
Top 5 BDG outfits so far 💚
U should get an insulated for the tube on your bladder the water is hot because it is heating up in the tube
Brian, did you see these glasses and made this whole video so that you could wear them a bunch?
How I long for a BDG and Bo Burnham collab
mans really just wiped out on hard stairs for a transition
I had the previous video at x0.25 speed, so this video started playing at x0.25 speed, and tbh, I wasn't fussed when brian started slowmo talking because it's such a brian thing to do. Sorry, I had to share that.
Brian, wtf did I just watch?
I like this a lot.
Blades are for skatin'!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgtoVSyc1zc
im in love
we love a pointless rant
I live for the oddly disquieting turns of BDG's vids.
hod wader
Oooh that waters hot
Kill all lawn
at 0:44 it looks like he is doing the Crab--On Rollerblades!
But what are wheels if not slightly more flat balls. Can we truly believe that rollerblading is limitless while we haven’t shed the mortal coils of wheels? Can we truly say we’re free when tied to the ground?
*rains* guess I won't rollerblade *snow*  sigh *sunny weather* Jeej!  *Grass* fuuuck
My mom was a rollerblader, I was born into this life.
Quentin Tarantino as a rollerblader
rollerblading (limitless)
love this guy
hey brian, what is rollerblading, but non sport ice skating?
I've been looking to get roller blades again before the pandemic started. I wanted to trick myself into exercising. This is the final push I needed, thanks Brian.
the rollerblader's world is limitless only if he is able to assess his situation and is able to adapt accordingly. it is only when man takes off his roller skates that he achieves the freedom of the lawn.
you can't rollerblade on grass
It took me a while to catch that he's wearing glasses under the visor
What did I just watch? XD
It's                balls
I love a little existential dread with my rollerblading
2 fast, 5  U
genuinely makes me want to pick up rollerblading again. thanks
That would never have happened with birdwatching.
I wish there was a whole sketch show like Portlandia but it's your videos. Would be far better than Portlandia. 💛🌻
The last shot looks like a shot from Dune
So... There is a very real possibility of BDG making a looping go-pro roller blading video set to existential/calming music?
This feels like you said nothing and everything all at once.
Rollerblading?     Yes.
rollerblading?              yes.
This video feels fifteen minutes long
The two layers of glasses are when I left this plane of existence
Rollerblading?..............................................................................yes.
He finally figured out how to say the name of the title in the video.
This man will make ARG or are we in one right now?
This video would make no sense if it was made by anyone other than BDG
This weirdly has pretty big Tim and Eric energy
that's how crop circles are formed
Yeah man
You know Brian has a list of the 16 rules. His smile gives it away
I dunno about you but this actually motivated me to pick up a pair of rollerblades and become the terror of my neighborhood
nice
you all laugh now but he'll be on NR100s doing wall rides and gazelles in part 2
Wow, when you’re only slightly paying attention the top-down face view at the beginning looks vaguely inappropriate.
why does this video feel longer than it actually is
i used to have limited time  the time before i watched this video, limited  the time while i was watching this video, 3 minutes... approximately  the time after I watched this video, limitless, cause there are no limits, it will never end  until i die
ALRIGHT
In absolutely the best possible way...  ...WTF did I just watch!?
This video is horrible Brian, I am going to start rollerblading immediately
Bdg: rollerblading is limitless Grass: waiting to fuck his shit up
Is this a promo for Waluigi's Walurollerblading? Either way, nice 'stache.
Not me being exactly the Stephen he described in the beginning
This has been the longest 3 minutes of my life
You learn something new everyday!
ok brian
Sometimes you Blade, some times you Bladen't
the camelback 🤣
When I saw the grass, as someone who skates, I totally felt the fear of seeing the *enemy*
Are you wearing a bike helmet for skating? 😲
Every BDG video feels like the start to an ARG that leads to nowhere. Perhaps they all exist within a BDG cinematic universe, I have no idea. BUT what I do know is that I enjoy every single one.
BDG is like Majora's Mask. Colorful, fun music, and seemingly happy...but absolutely terrifying
I have found a new religion
Kudos to the editor, All those little gags in the sidebar.
I was expecting to be horrified but I was surprised  Its funny?
Hi
This felt like i was drunk and listening to someone talk about rollerblading for hours
*cries in norwegian
Don't fingergun and ride boys
oh hubris, all shall bend before the mighty lawn.
This makes me want to rollerblade
BDG went to Johns Hopkins he 100% knows what lacrosse is 😂
Are all these videos just tax writeoffs for whatever hobby Brian has picked up today?
wow rude
Feels like you wrote the last line and just said "fuck it, I'll make a video just so I can say that out loud. "
Not gonna lie. The rollerblading technique was better than I expected.
No limits? BDG rollerblading on the ocean floor when?
Yes
2:29 me, immediately: wait, is this the surferball court?
The pride of the rollerblader was brought to heel by the unyielding lawn very quickly
I....I hadn't thought about that...
"it's balls"
Mom, the guy with the spiny shoes is scaring me
What?
Dude when he said "their names are probably..." my FIRST thought was "probably Steven.."
I'm actually most impressed that he full on crashed into a set of stone stairs on purpose to set up that scene change to the lawn. Top stunt work dude
thank you brian david
This gives off such a Michael Scott energy
Brian David gilbert is the Loki of this reality
I like how you wore two eye glasses
God the colors take me back to the early 90's when I owned a pair of homemade (Thanks, Mom!) shorts with lime green textured triangles and other assorted eye paining shapes and color combinations. I miss those shorts, and the lack of self consciousness about my hairy knees I had to have had to wear them. And yes, I was like seven and had hairy knees.
video roller blades
what in the ari aster
As long as a rollerblader isn't frictionless, I think they'll be okay.
We're about to see a lot of capitalists take up rollerblading for that limitless growth
What do terminally online people and rollerbladers have in common?  They both hate grass.
This is my sense of humor. From now on i will show this video to everyone i meet to know if they're a match or not.
the stache is back
Do a kcikflip!
Okay, where are you Steven and or Stephanie.
Holy shit. I have the same hand protecters than Brian, or at least I used to have them years ago.
I got an ad for Old Bay before watching this.
It was declan, wasn't it. He said you can't do
I feel called out
I know it's basic cinematography and color grading but I am despairing at the fact that I can just look at a BDG thumbnail and know whether he's gonna make it fucked up
Is this going to be a funny one or a terrifying one?
You can see his normal glasses under his radical roller blading ones
You're a little stiff... and you haven't grasped the true expanses of rollerblading until you can drive up the stairs
I feel like Brian enters a new cult every other week
Amazing outfit
What yall be calling existential horror, im pretty sure is actually just being from maryland. Hipster cultists in jorts are watching birds and dorian smiles is trying to recruit again.   All jokes aside, we need more brian
BDG's giving off some strong Joe Exotic energies in this one, gotta say. probably the moustache.
jesus christ brian can you just let one thing be
You could just replace the word "rollerblading" with some madeup new word and you'd have gotten a few million in investment offers from tech bros.
When it went black I thought I was about to be Rorik-rolled.
All this time I was under the impression, nay, the naive illusion, that the roller blader's world had limits. What a fool I was.
I didn’t even listen to what you were saying, I just absorbed your vibe and became refreshed... ...until the end where I became defreshed
As a representative of Stevens (and potentially Stephanies everywhere), I would never doubt this. Through rollerblades all things are possible
awesome.
I need those sunglasses. Where did they come from?
This is the "have you ever had a dream that...you want..uh..that you do..." Kid all grown up.
this whole thing made me so uncomfortable, thanks
I love the fact that whenever you click onto a Brian David Gilbert video there's this moment of tension on what you're about to watch. It could be a silly song, a comedic skit, a psychological horror, a how-to video on some random thing, or a beautiful introspection to make you cry. BDG is so diverse in his content that it's just beautiful and I shame the ones who dislike them.
Before I watch this, I'm noting that Brian looks vaguely like Sonic the Hedgehog in his bladin' duds and I hope that comes up somehow.  Edit: It did not, except that he did go fast. And isn't that really the true spirit of Sonic?
I like to imagine that bdg learned how to rollerblade just for this one video.
just wait until he hears about ball bearings
Blessed that bdg uploaded this ok my birthday have a nice day y’all :^)
i think it’s funny this was posted the day before my skates come in-
this is so poggers
The rules to rollerblading are acually the same as the rules to the internet, that's becouse the internet is limitless, it is limitless becouse it destroyed my limits of humanity
mustache
Gus Johnson says he wants to do a video with u
Everything about this video is amazing, but the editing is so damn good. Another BDG classic!
Honest to God, when I saw this video in my subscriptions I thought this was a Brandon Rogers video for like two seconds.
time you got really into rythmic dance?  Dances moving sequal?!?!
Wait what
This is absolutely stellar content
Looks like BDG got new rollerblades and wanted to write them off as a business expense, lol.  Great video regardless!
If you don’t rollerblade, you won’t understand..
"rollerblading? yes"  *process of bdg picking what to do for the video makes it into the video*
This has such major Chris Fleming energy
Is this just brian as rollerblading Trump?
This isn’t real. It just doesn’t make sense.
So from what I can gather, he’s saying that rollerblading has limits right?
I want to know what goes through Bryan’s mind when he makes videos
Rollerblading... YES!
It's like getting good at darts but... Rollerblades
"It's balls."
The bgm gives me gta loading screen vibes
honey come quick there's another quarantine hobby-focused BDG video
There are (obviously!) only two kinds of people in the world: Those who rollerblade through a limitless world – and those who do not do that, YET!
“People who say it doesn’t make sense, you’re crazy”  *Says the names of my brother and sister* Me: Holy fuck he’s right
When you do a group project and nobody uses the same aspect ratio (looking at you, sam)
He forgot to mention his dart board phase
How does this translate to roller skates Brian please I need to know the limits
This could be on Tim and Eric's Awesome Show
New Gus Johnson and new BDG? Today is a truly blessed day.
hhahahahaha
Brian are you ok
pov: you failed at darts and cope
What did I watch? This has to be writing rollerblades off of your taxes as a work expense.
It's like playing Russian roulette seeing that BDG has a video out if it's going to be wholesome, terrifying or just stupid
I'm imagining Brian actively thinking of this idea, then choosing to buy those sunglasses, and it is giving me a tremendous amount of joy
Why does this remind me of the Tom Cruise Scientology interview
"Have you ever had a dream that that you um you had you'd you would you could you'd do you wi you wants you you could do so you you'd do you could you you want you want him to do you so much you could do anything?"  I have and it's called Rollerblading 🛼🏅😎
I’ve been rollerblading since 2013. Just went out this morning in fact.   The only obstacle that has ever made me face plant was grass.
Did you actually crash into those stairs? Hope you're okay!
A doorway has opened in my mind, and I see myself rollerblading through it.
Rollerblading is the new rollerblading.
I'm a rollerblader, and I endorse this message.
Quality content as usual from BDG. Thank you for being a creator
_sigh_ guys, I think Brian is getting into a niche sport again
"You can put your foot down on the ground and it still keeps moving, have you thought about that?" I want this on my gravestone
I was wondering how long before it turns into existential horror
This one's a hit
this is so tim and eric hahaha. this reminds me of the tim and eric bit where theyre just talking about the universe. the universe... what a concept. you can kinda picture.. it's a little bit like a leaf or uhh... umm... it's not a bowl
This was just to flex his slideshow skills wasn't it.
This video is a reflection of my soul
Lol what are the odds I get into rollerblading and BDG in the same week and the next week he posts this shit? What is this magic? Where do I get those sunglasses? What are the 16 rules???
This gives me huge Whatever We Want vibes
Shoutout to my Freestyle Slalom skaters!
there is no pavement, there is only lawn
Reminds me Joel Haver - you guys know each other?
Did anyone figure out what the robotic voice in the endscreen was saying?
Man Sk8 the infinity has spawned some weird knock off shows.
1:05 and then there was the time he got _really_ into dancing for 7 episodes
The first minute or so has the same energy of the interview with Hansel at the beginning of Zoolander.
This was the perfect time to have a mustache again.
BDG's really pushing cyclical storytelling to the extreme with this one. I know some people might get bored with 20 or 30 or 40 minutes--or however long this has been going on--of repeated "when did I get into rollerblading, how did I get into rollerblading... etc," each time growing more and more distorted, opening up on stranger and stranger vistas of uncomfortably familiar and/or terrifyingly unknowable things, but I think he does it well enough that patience is richly rewarded.
bdg vids slap right about now
What happened to getting got at darts, brian?
Me watching the start of this video: That doesn't make sense, that can't be real Me after 0:37 👁👄👁
The first half is pure Gill & Gilbert segment energy, ”This is why rollerblades rule”.
''If the good lord had intended for us to walk he wouldn't have invented roller-skates'' - Blakfish
Hey, you. So, you're finally awake.  Imperials caught you rollerblading over the border.
So I'm here to see if I can find the 16 rules of rollerblading
Got an ad afterwards for bike riding. Almost worked.
I rollerblade and I can walk on grass fine  Now GRAVEL,,
Does everyone who roller blades click the wrist guards together? I say that because I roller blade and I also do it.
Sk8 the Infinity be like:
Yes
i am in love
the aesthetic of this video is truly impeccable tbh
I warned you about stairs bro!!!! I told you dog!
This has almost the exact same energy as my physics prof trying to explain quantum mechanics 😂
I always say you as a roller skater…. Kind of surprised you’re a blader
are roller bladers part of the skater family? evolutionary speaking I mean
Is this a collab with Dumbest of All Worlds?
One limit to roller blading: grass
Lawn is too powerful
Now that is silly
another banger brian keep it up chief
This has rivals direct milestone system energy
There's a 50/50 split that every new BDG video will either be a genuine cleverly written comedy or a traumatic psychological horror.
Brian, stop rollerblading. You're rolling your blade into my heart :'(
The reincarnation of Tim and Eric
BDG is my favorite Jet Set Radio character
from darts to roller blades, what next activity will brian find next
Damn, Bomb Rush Cyberfunk lookin crazy.
rollerblading?             yes.
Hey those new rollerblades??
it feels like I'm watching a michael scott
I think BDG just wanted to get into rollerblades and made this video to get a tax return
Wowee, the Olympics came early this year!
As a former avid wheel blade enthusiast, I really want to see if BDG tackles the arch nemesis of the skater: stairs. They make all wheeled friends look foolish.
ROLLERBLADING, UNRAVELED
bdg makes me want to try painting my nails :3
What’s he saying at 2:43 ?
But did you know the wheels on your feet are the wings to your soul- from an actual Rollerblade promotional video. I can’t make this up. Also check out the sunglasses wearing baby from that video.
"You can do anything in rollerblades !" me: *rollerblades exclusively on a specific half of an unfrequented road that I cleared all the rocks and sticks off of beforehand so I don't trip and die*
First rule of rollerblading is don't talk about rollerblading
Well you see it’s actually because the lawn yielded that he had an issue.
love how he got a whole themed outfit but stopped at the helmet
rollerblading....yes.
"It's time. It's time to get good at rollerblading."
Beautiful
Relevant First of October song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iE6B-R6UXSY
This feels like an All Gas No Breaks video.
Stopped everything I was doing after seeing there was a new bdg video
this is why i only do rollerSKATING. i know my limitations.
Does the bladening happen after the dartening or before?
Rollerblading? *Yes*
This thumbnail is sending me...
The sports montage in the part of the store that sells TVs
I'm assuming he bought all these things and learned to rollerblade just for this video
imagine if bdg and tomska did a sketch comedy collab
Wow so cool
WHO did I pick up rollerblading?  Stephen. Stephanie, potentially.
I need to know the 16 rules!!
bdg becomes more awkward 80s science teacher trying to impress his step-children every time i see him
1:04 This is officialy part of the Dances Moving Cinematic Universe (DMCU)
What if you mounted a lawnmower to the front of your rollerblades...
Bdg’s been in a lot of cults
I almost choked on some hot chocolate. Rollerblading.... yes.
Once more we have been gifted
You look like the guy from Accepted in this vid
Yes
The video has strong KRAZAM vibes.
I'm curious how much was spent on this as its not really every day wear.
Very Tim and Eric of you. Love it
at this point I should just expect a bdg video to get creepy
I think Robert California was probably a roller blader, but got kicked out because he was too into balls. He gives me the same energy this video does.
Art.
It would have been better in a Finn costume...
best script ever
We got (in order):  Squishy pickle, and the introduction of zjierb to the world  An unnerving video on grief with a camcorder  Song by quadruplets who hate one member  Bird cult  Ice cream flavors  This  Brian David Gilbert is truly a master of all
This video brings me many extreme feelings, and I cannot name even one of them.
i love to learn
I used to think there were limits to what you could accomplish while wearing rollerskates, until I watched Boogie Nights. And also this
Man who doesn't know what a rollerblade is attempts to explain rollerblading then gets trapped by grass
waiting for the cult horror to come in
It's balls.
Really excited for this sequel to Sk8 the infinity
Some people want to drive, some people want to ride. Me? Personally, I want to rollerblade to my destination.
Bdg does roller derby challenge
So, the horror twist this time was “rollerblades don’t work on grass, and that makes me upset.”
I know how to rollerblade fairly well, but I once tried the other kind, the ones with 4 wheels on 2 lines.... The horror, it was uncomfortable to move, difficult to turn, and wasn't as fast. I know some people probably think the inverse and are not used to rollerblades but they are to the other kind (don't remember the name rn) and I can respect that
I mean, they do make lawn rollerblades. They've got much larger wheels, but they're out there.
i like ur nails
I wonder what BDG is doing now that he left polyg.... oh, huh... sounds bout right
haha what
What did you pick up rollerblading? Who did you pick up rollerblading?
By now I'm surprised when one of your skits doesn't end in cosmic horror
darts 2: the sequel
Air Gear taught me that a long time ago
I want to see a bdg wham city comedy collab
i was thinking about taking up roller blading/skating nice to know a cool dude does it
This video exists so Brian can write off his skating gear as a business expense
I love when he releases just something stupid. cause right now we could use alittle stupid.
You look like a turbo nerd, but watch that boi glide! I always wanted to try in line when I was younger, then I found out it's nothing like jet set radio and that dream faded.
Werner Herzog would not be proud, but only because pride is man's greatest folly
Well
I can appreciate how Brian purposefully beefed it on some rollerblades just for a video. That's dedication to the art.
I don’t understand how you have under 10 millions subs
very aesthetic
Yes but I feel like you haven't said whether or not the rollerblading world has limits
Mommmmmmm, the Roller Blader is having an existential crisis in the yard again.
adhd simulator
This guy gets it
He had so much more room to practice at home after someone finally bought his bed.
its balls
the moustache is growing back 😌☝☝
Dude, that fall actually looked like it hurt
As a Rollerblader, the accuracy of this, it's just, it's limitless.
agreed
The new sk8 the infinity season looks great
I'm glad it's not just me that chews on the camel back straw like that 1:26
This felt like a fever dream.
This channel is right up there with Internet Comment Etiquette in blending the comedy side of YouTube with the making-me-uncomfortable weird kind of YouTube.
The rollerblader becomes helpless in the face of the unyielding lawn.
don't even get me started on sand
Ha Ha What?
I feel like bdg is trying to recapture or create an era that hasn't and can't exist
Hey is this that same park you played video game sports in (subway surfers x dodgeball)
2:35 the guy casually walking his dog makes the dramatic scene so much more hilarious
"Rollerblading?        ...        Yes."
really getting back to his Cyberpunk character for this video’s fit
I feel like BDG and Adam Carra should do a collab soon because their videos are slowly becoming eerily similar
Is this ADHD in a video?
This felt like an Apple press conference. The soft bordered windows sliding in and out with paid testimonials not making 100% sense. Amazing work
I love how much of an acid trip this diatribe is.
Alright taking bets, pure comedy or part horror
POV: you sat down on a bench in the park and a man who looks like he's been a missing person since 2006 rollerblades up to you unprompted
Technology on your rollerblades
Brian, can you please keep yourself from creating existential horror, FOR FIVE MINUTES?!
It isn't a BDG video without the bout of existential dread, now is it?
I would just like to know the color of that nail polish.
Sometimes I think I can predict what Brian will do and yet I am always wrong. Thank you sir.
I'm impressed bdg can use an inline skates
Is this how you get around while bird watching?
I was vibin but the last part scared me
Ironically, someone in my family who does competitive roller skating is named Stephanie
That doesn't make sense, ok? That can't be real.
see if he had roller skates, this wouldn’t have been a problem
0:35 hey, I know a married couple names Stephen and Stephanie. How do you know them??
i have to assume he bought these glasses first and came up with this video later to justify buying them
I spend the whole video wondering if it's going to break into song or horror
I knew it. The balls are the limitations
I always wonder if you just have this stuff on hand because it's your normal attire or if you've been collecting for years for one video.
crash, fade to black, fade in: "hey, you, you're finally awake"
We MUST defeat all lawns!!!
Where the fuck do you get these ideas from? Seriously, WTF! Also: Is there a church for you? A cult, maybe? I want in!
Rollerblades?  Yes  ...
Another masterpiece
stairs and grass y’all. they’ll get ya.
So this is an existential horror video if you are  A) an interviewer just trying to do your job or B) a rollerblade enthusiast who has been denying the existence of grass their whole lives
What? Brian, are you ma- Brian, it's too hot outside.
Aren't the wheels on the Rollerblades just flattened balls?
Mmmm yes
Growing back the 'stache, I see.
I am just going to assume he falls at the end of the video.    Edit: I wish I was wrong.
I’m looking for Stephens, Stevens, and Stephanies
i like how in that last part u can see someone in the background walking their dog imagine just going for a stroll and u see this
We all know you wanted rollerblades so you made a video making them a tax write off.
Rollerblades hurt your ankles if you're not careful. Be safe!
looking great in your cycling spandex and matching nail polish cant lie
Yes.
hell fucking yes.
Look, as a pessimistic person named Stephen, I take great offense to this. Can't be real.
the mustache add so much to this. i don't know if its good much or bad much but its there
That was the fastest 3 minutes of my life
cant wait for the sequel where bdg gets into roller derby and ends up getting splatted against a wall like a cartoon character
This made me laugh a lot, thanks
i appreciate that for one day, brian was the weird new york cryptid at central park
I don't blade rollers. It's against my religion. Which is darts.
i love Oldboy (2003)
I would never say that
Everybody waiting for that existential dread drop 2:15
Ha ha, what?
This is a scary cause I had to hear about a sport for three minutes
I want to know the story of the lady in the background walking her dog watching brain stumble through the grass on roller blades.
this whole video felt like a tax write-off but in the best way possible
HELL YES!! the return of the stache!!! (this outfit looks so much like thing that could be in pokemon gezfeyztfez
BMXers got two wheels, skateboarders got four. Rollerbladers have eight wheels...do the math, asshole.
this gotta be their deepest black mirror episode yet
Woke up. New bdg. It's a good day
Brian posting this the same day i pick up my old roller blades again... destiny😭😭😭
I don't know why the first chunk is so damn good when it's just a guy waffling about rollerblading, but then I remember the guy is bdg and karen han is holding the camera.
Did Brian do this because he bought a gopro, because he actually likes rollerblading but also recognizes the silliness of it, because he dislikes rollerblading and/or sports inspirational videos, OR all of the above?
rollerblading is so fun but its bringing me flashbacks of breaking my wrist after falling while accidentally rollerblading downhill lol
Speaking as an inline skater, accurate.
My favorite part is that you wore the proper protective gear and kept safe
New character in the next Jet Set Radio game?
Another secret hobby to add to the list for Brian the dartsmith, bird watcher, pepcorn chef, K-pop star, bureaucratic vunderkind, jorts maker, roller blader.
All this suspense and its just about how rollerbladers cant go fast on lawns
This video seems like he learned a new video editing tool and wanted to use it.
ah but you forgot about the even better heelies!!! You can use them like rollerblades if you're skilled enough, but you can also walk normally!! allowing you to go up a hill!!!!!
Grass sucks anyway, you can't even eat it cause your teeth will melt or something idk I'm not grassyologist
I feel a little called out by this video lol At least the part about the GoPro attached to the helmet.  My channel is like half GoPro footage of me riding my onewheel (in case a car clobbers me some day so my partner can sue them.)
2:15 Ralof: Hey, you. You're finally awake
Big Vice documentary audition reel energy here.
If you have been abducted by Tim an Eric to make this wear a purple shirt in the next video
someone should invent rollerblades for grass. They'd be a millionaire.
This has nothing to do with the video, but when I stated watching it, it was at 8.7k likes. When I smashed that like button, it went to 8.8k. I am mathematically 100 people on YouTube!
Can you waterski on rollerblades? No really I don’t know but I’d love to see it.
This is him undercover after escaping the bird cult. He knows he's being watched
Babe wake up, new bdg just dropped
Does anyone else remember that one episode of the carebears tv show where the evil old dude tried to convince the rollerblade girl that it would be a good idea to cover the planet in concrete to make rollerblading easier?  This video is just that but with fewer carebears.
as a rollerblader this is brian’s world we’re really just living in it
oh you gotta lower that stance
Why is this the funniest thing I've ever seen?
Glad to see Brian's hobbies have evolved since he became self-employed.
Not weaing jorts. I don't get it.
The world is only limitless once you surpass laundry chair. As someone who couldn't skate up concrete steps with ease, I find it hard to believe you've done so, my dear Brian. But that's what I call a *Crash Zone*.
the way he just Nails that pretentious pseudo-documentary snap cut narration style and editing lol
Ah, that feeling when you blew all our money on rollerblading equipment and could only afford one stock transition effect for After Effects.
me starting the video: I wonder what we're in for today...a musical? existential horror? a boy-band concept? we will see...
The unforgiving lawn claims another...
Bruh, he lookin like a Max Steel
That kicked you in the grass
At least he wore good safety equipment
thank you for this video about rollerblading
Lesson taken from this: flat paved roads were a blip in human history and we should all rollerblade during this brief moment before ecological collapse, when rollerblading just won't make sense and horses will.
Close your eyes. Imagine a limitless world. You are the rollerblader now.
“Rollerblading? … y e s”
What a splendid birthday present
My name’s stephen
Ah yes, another unexpected yet fantastic horror film.
Why did this become a horror movie
I think ima start roller blading
When's the remix coming out
Alright.
Thank you
mm dat hot hot water
It's that thing where you leap from obsession to obsession in a failing attempt to distract from your darkest fears and tiresome obligations
the moment the camera fell down and the filter changed my brain automatically went "ah there's the weird part"
ah, yes
Rollerblading? Yes.
Didn’t think I’d be reasonably early. So I’ll say this. Do you think we’ll see a return of Hargis this Goliath theater kid? Or just any dnd action featuring your beautiful self?
The IRS hates him.
I feel like this entire sketch came to his brain as soon as he saw the sun glasses
brian rocking the glasses under the goggles
As a spider, I truly appreciate the editing format.
The editing in this is really well made!
My name is Steven and I also believe rollerblading is infinite. Thank you, that is all.
Alright, spin the wheel boys. Existential dread, shitpost, educational content, or mildly unnerving?
Brian has nice nails
Can't believe you'd leak all of SK8 Infinity s2 like this
I know I'm not supposed to understand, but I desperately want to.
agreed
This is the exact BDG video I've been waiting for; one that caters to my skill on the blades.
i would like to go rollerblading with brian some day
really hot water can be a nice drink, it's like low-calorie beef broth for your tongue and tummy
Man they took this Jet Set Radio Future remake in a weird direction.
Nice Lúcio Overwatch cosplay
Bdg and I have the same wrist braces which I know isn’t much of an achievement but it’s cool
Is that a Micro Korg XL at the end?
Looking at you Jessica, or maybe Matt, possibly Sean, potentially Chris or Kris, improbably Kurt, unlikely Burt, likely Catharine, impossibly Billy, Rick
He spent $370 on the drip for this video
There are three things that are certain in life: death, taxes and that BDG will upload things that will get stuck in my head for a week even after the world collapses.
nothing has ever been more effective in making me want to try rollerblading. thank you, brian
me: brian, that doesn't make sense. that can't be real. brian: calls me out for my doubt personally
Ah to be a random passerby in the park you always film in.
For some reason, this three minute video felt like it took an entire day.
Finally, a not horror piece. Good.
I should have known BDG wouldn’t give us three minutes of wild nonsense without a payoff at the end.
God I hate it when I'm rollerblading and end up in God's country.
of course it was gonna have an ominous ending
wow man I should start rollerblading again. forgot how limitless it is
This video is just to put the roller blading gear as a business expense.
I would really love to go rollerblading right now. Thank you Brian!
I love the pause at 1:49, you just don't know what he's gonna say and then it hits like a truck  *YES*
the first rule of rollerblading club is the first rule of rollerblading club
BDG here to remind us that rollerblading is limitless, which is why protection is key.
Really channeling Jared Leto in Blade Runner at the end there. Which is just perfect for a video about rollerblading.
This gives off the vibe of an inactive Apple screen
Is this what Limitless is about? I didn't see it
Y'know, physically speaking, I've never rollerbladed, but mentally, I have, you know? Spiritually I have rollerbladed. Spiritually I am always rollerblading.
Can’t wait to go into a frat like “ah yes butterfly catchers?”
We thought BDG had become predictable, and he proves us wrong by not having existential horror or a catchy jingle
There's no limit to how long you might be stuck in the middle of a giant, unyielding lawn...
I watch this video every day just motivate myself to rollerblade!
The Unyielding Lawn seems like a golf course, so I guess the moral is being a rollerblader is limitless, but being a golfer is limitless-er?
Its oddly fitting that my brother came inside from rollerblading yelling "HES DONE IT AGAIN" to show me this video and I'm both a little bit scared and a whole lot impressed on the true limitless bounds of rollerblading
Man, this video reminds me of how badly I’ve been wanting to get back into rollerblading but I can’t find a pair that will fit my ridiculous US size 14 feet. I’ve literally been trying since October 2019 and they’ve been constantly sold out or marked up to exorbitant prices.
I was waiting for the existential dread and I wasn’t disappointed
These are some of the unspoken 16 rules  1:rollerblading is limitless 2: rollerblading is without limit 3: DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES INTERACT WITH STEVEN OR STEPHANIE!
At the half way point I was almost certain this was about to pivot into a "Ten Duel Commandments" style listing of the 16 rules of rollerblading.
Wait until he finds out that Heelys exist.
Very high quality content
Oh god he's slowly recreating the office on rollerblades
was thinking about all that grass around you the whole time you were talking.   At least you didn't run into sand though.
rollerblading...                      pause...                               more pause...                                yes.
Gotta love a tinge of existentialism with your X-Games ad.
*shaking fist, looking to the sky and grimacing*  LAWN!
im taking this as a sign to bring my rollerblades when i move. Thank you, bdg, for being the final say on my lifestyle xoxo
inline skating pog !!
God I hope Brian just continues to use all of his rollerblading gear and you can just see him bladin' around the city in the future.
rollerblade the infinity
The first half of every new BDG video is spent asking “is it psychological horror, or just really weird”? The best ones are when you finish the video and still feel like you don’t have a perfect answer to that question.
The person walking their dog in the field in the last scene is just *chef's kiss*
is this discount sk8 the Infinity
I love how Brian is OK at rollerblading at best, in this video, yet he's totally geared out like he's training for a rollerblading marathon
So where can I get those glasses… drop that link
I was about to say this looks like a horror video without the horror, and then the lawn happened
Bdg and rollerblading? My life is finished now
im fucking terrified i literally just started rollerblading and then this shit comes out wtf
look out guys, theres already 24 stevens and stephanies in the comments
can you be your own boss on rollerblades?
I take great pride in the fact that YouTube recommended an H.P. Lovecraft summary video after watching this as most of Brian’s humor is in fact cosmic horror. 👏👍
BDG's filmmaking style is what happens when the ghost of a 19th century flâneur possesses a Tim & Eric bit
rollerblading, huh?  nope, can't do that. sorry.
Jet set raadio
THE O SUPERMAN PARODY AT THE END
2:16 reminded me of the end of Astartes when the guy wakes up on the desert world surrounded by giant skeletal emperors
Hey Brian looking a little Cyberpunk 2077 over there, I hate it.
Wtf i love it
there's a spectrum of bdg videos. at one end is a hot tub made of tweed. at the other end is not one, but two mandolins. in the dead center of that spectrum is a pair of rollerblades.
Am I the only one who watches these videos and every time he says bizarre or weird shit I just go “BRIAN” like I’m yelling at my best friend
As always wtf
nose
That doesn't make sense, that can't be real.
BDG crashes on his rollerblades *Akimbo starts playing*
tax breaks with brian
If you ever want to die, take a shot every time he says “rolllerblading”
This is exactly what it's like to read air gear
Did you buy all that rollerblading gear as a business expense for the video, Brian? 👀
Return of the BDG 'stache!
would love to see Brian and Chris Fleming interract, the chaos
Now I just want to watch bdg going bout his business but on rollerblades
This one is very tim-and-eric
alan resnick video
BrianI, I don't want to sound harsh, but you never looked more like a s*x offender as you do in this video
Inline skating
Blade up, bruhski'
I want to both hold this character but also move away from them. And that is the sign of a well-written and performed comedic character. That ending had me laughing so hard I started crying!
this is a video
I was waiting for this scenario to go downhill, and sure enough, it did so literally!
Is it possible for this man to pick up a hobby that doesn't end in a sense of existential dread?
What did I just watch.
i kept waiting for this video to start and then it finished
you fool! rollerblades are limitied by surfaces bikes are where its at
God I love you so much
I feel like the last couple of videos where all just BDG exploring some new hobbies during the pandemic - Darts - Cooking (Pepcorn specifically) - Playing the Hurdy Gurdy - Cutting hair (this might have been for Karen) - Bird watching - Making ice cream (Old Bay flavored specifically) - Rollerblading
Seems like alot of longboard stuff I've watched, and having longboarded and rollerbladed alot,    Can confirm, I'm shit at both lol
The Brink! sequel we deserve
wasn't there a monologue by reki in sk8 the infinity that boiled down to the exact same thing?
Return of the Gilbert
Strong Michael Scott energy here
Rollerblading has less limits than no limits.
I love rollerblading
Or.. After the existential crisis that ended Dances Moving, BDG turns to the Rollerblade cult leader role.
he looks like an adventure dad?
Nice
big tim and eric vibes in this one
BRIAN DAVID GILBERT HAS A TALKBOX THIS IS A GENERAL ALERT THE TALKBOX HAS BEEN INITIATED
alright
Does anyone else want more hurdy gerdy or is that just me?
Yknow the hardest part about roller skating is telling your parents that you're gay...
i just had my wisdom teeth pulled out and a bdg vid is just what i need to numb the pain
This video is making me want to buy rollerblades that actually fit me and not just wear those my father bought in the 90s
I think this is the first early BDG upload I've caught before a day. Will it be psychological horror, a funny bit, or a combination? Edit: I'm not entirely sure? I think it falls under catagory 4 which is "What the hell?"
This is that quality good shit
I knew Dale would be up to some interesting things after leaving 2winz squared, but seeing him do this not what I expected
I'm not even gonna lie, this made me want to start rollerblading
Huh, that _almost_ turned into an existential horror!
The mustache returns??!???!!????!!???
i love the editing in this so much
Rollerblading?    *YES*
this says a lot about society
This feels like a Connor O'Malley video
Rollerblading is the jogging of extreme sports
I don't mean to detract at all from BDG's genius and creativity but I really get Tim & Eric vibes from him in the best way. Absurdism at its finest =3
the way bdg stumbles over his words is reminiscent of me stumbling over my feet while rollerblading
Thanks Brian! It’s 2am! Off to cry!
This is a weird kickstarter pitch
*Rapidly googles the 16 rules to rollerblading*
Those were the longest, most grueling 2 minutes of my life
Phone: Hey, new bdg vid.  Me: Sweet. (proceeds to turn on computer so I can watch it on a bigger screen with better speakers.)
wait a minute... this is just a way for bdg to make his rollerblading gear a tax write off... the bastard...
And then you have that one person walking their dog
He do be roller blading though.
While you got a job and a girlfriend, I studied the blade. The rollerblade.
This video feels like BDG is trying to sell us on some rollerblade-mlm-scam.
I can't believe he rollerbladed into some stairs to bring us eternal enlightenment
My name's Steven. It's obvious there are limits to rollerblading.
Isn't that fall the inevitable consequence of rollerblading while you're watching birds?
Love it
Accountants hate him! See this one weird trick that let this brooklyn househusband write off a complete set of roller blade gear as a business expense!!!
I split my life into three sections: before I started rollerblading, when I started watching birds, and after I started rollerblading
#princeofrollerbladinginevitablybroughtdownbyhubrisandjealousy
Love this guy
whenever theres an abrupt cut in a bdg video you know its gonna be fun
What are the 16 truths of Rollerblading!?  WE MUST KNOW!
_everyone, come quickly! it’s time for our regular call to an odd cult of sorts!_
As a rollerblader myself I can confirm that
Is this the future of Brink from the 1998 classic Brink!?
The only reason I haven't turned on video notifications for bdg is that I feel that an essential part of the experience of a new bdg video is having no clue when the next bdg video will show up.
Karen I need you to record me flubbing with my Camelback for like an hour just trust me
Real bladers use lawns as motivation
This is a Tim and Eric sketch.
Idk why but this video sums up every niche interest I've randomly become obsessed with throughout quarantine
Nobody:... NPCs in pokemon XY: 0:00
1:50                Yes.
Every Stephen and Stephanie watching this video felt so called out. it was nice to be recognized tho
I love it thank you mister BDG
He forgot to say how roller blades are simple at its complexity and complex at its simplicity
I love you, Mr Gilbert 🌈
Thank you, this was the perfect birthday gift
Are those new shoes? I'm talking 'bout them puppies! Great video as usual
take a shot every time he says "all right" but only if you have a paramedic on hand
My head canon is that BDG did the first part in one giant stream-of-consciousness take, no plan or rehearsal, and then did the editing afterwards.
THE FACT THAT HE KEEPS GETTING CUT OFF MAKES THE VIBES HERE IMMACULATE
i swear this man is the only real SCP
I'm awe struck. Struck by awe
I think he likes rollerblading
Tis my birthday, and this is my favorite gift so far
It's like walking but whoosh  And I like that
Is zero limitless or limited? Are there multiple zeroes like there are multiple infinities?
* Wicked Soundtrack plays * Unlimited! This Brian is unliiiiiimited!
Is... Is this a kickstarter..?
You're joking, my friends and I just picked up rollerblading as a hobby / fun exercise
Purely amazing
the mustache is back and idk how i feel about it
The editing on this is actually superb
BDG lowkey looks like a pokemon trainer
I believe there's going to be an anime called Rollerblade the Limitless
This is so good
Such hubris, such a fall. Truly an Icarus story.
Me:  Bdg: :) Me: Bdg: and their name is probably steven Me (steven): surprised noises
This is Brian's world, we're all just living in it.
This doesn't make sense and it can't be real
rollerskating?
Man, rollerblades really are limitless     except for lawns that is.
i love how he was trying not to laugh in the last scene haha
Apple is jealous of how many rounded boxes you have.
UNLIMITED POWAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH
this is like watching footage of a young david brittlesbee
Masterpiece
i am so confused. the one thing i know is that rollerblading is limitless.
That doesn't make sense. That can't be real.
Was that secret code in the outro?
Idk how I keep getting caught off guard by tonal shifts in bdg vids
ok but what about roller derby
Are you spying on me? How did you know I started rollerblading just this spring? I am many thousand kilometers away from you! Agh, you must have bought data from Google! You knew I had googled inline skates and watched tutorial videos on Youtube! Bastard!
i think bdg has finally come up with a more efficient solution to prescription sunglasses
SOMEONE TELL ME ABOUT THE 16 RULES OF ROLLERBLADING Have I been rollerblading all wrong?
this feels like a metaphor but i havent yet figured out about what...
I feel like bdg and Joel haver could definitely collaborate, they just have such similar energy since Brian left polygon
Wow Brian's sequel to Sk8 the Infinity looks great
I wanna learn more about the rhythmic gymnastics phase ngl
+
every time brian posts i think 'yeah im ready for this one' and every time i leave thinking 'what the fuck'
Genuinely  surprised at Brian's rollerblading abilities
Roller _blading?_                 Yes.
I just went out and saw a little girl fall over really hard whilst rollerblading then i come home to this
the editing in this video is phenomenal, thank you
hmm this will probably be a fun one...        oooookay the horror is here.
His channel is the hardest thing I've ever tried to explain to a boomer.
Fun song, horrific existential crisis, or earnest tutorial? Let's spin the wheel of BDG!!!!!!
What a complete TRIP this video was
IM EARLY!!!!
In summery:  -2 and a half minutes of rollerblade improve. -a sneak peak of midSommer 2
This is peak character design
there's no limit, kid. go roller your blades
Pretty sure this guy just stumbled upon the rollerblading reddit a week ago and this is his second time out
Verily, pride cometh before the fall of all rollerbladers
Gosh I want to work with this man.
I have never before seen pure speed imbued into an outfit until just now
What the fuck. Brian are you ... Okay? COVID hit us all a little differently I guess. Just blink five times in a video if you're being held hostage.
I want see a man dressed in that gear zipping around on heelys. I want to see other people see that man zipping around on heelys. I want to coordinate a series of biennial support group meetings for witnesses of that man in heelys who subsequently thought they'd get into heelys, but for whom it *did not go well*.
This is an elaborate plot by Brian to write off a complete set of rollerblading gear on his taxes.
if the when you roller blade you will have when there are more blessings
I have become enlightened. Going to buy some 'blades today and set my lawn on fire.
#NOLIMITSSS
not me knowing he wasn't gonna answer any of the questions he was listing and still ending up heartbroken when he says "these questions don't matter"
OMG we have the exact same shitty water-backpack! serves me well even tho i have to dissemble the end any time i drink.
2:16 "Hey you, you're finally awake"
But WHO did you pick up rollerblading? 😉
Brian?
Brian, it's extremely rude of you to call out Stephanies like that.
gotta stay prepared
I feel like this could be a "real-life" segment of a PBS educational show for "urban teens"
I watched this drunk and honestly I felt more connected
Brian wanted an excuse to buy rollerblading equipment and a matching rollerblading outfit without admitting that he was really into rollerblading. So he made this video.
This video is limitless
I want to imagine this is Jake from the Camcorder horror video and he’s trying to record over the cursed tape and save his father who’s trapped in the time loop by incoherently rambling about roller blading so he can remove the footage as fast as possible.  But the tape finds a way.......
This is the feeling of trying to describe a hobby to someone and then you realize that it’s too simple to actually hold a conversation about.
his nails are immaculate
The mustache makes everything a million times better with that outfit.
Looks like Brian wanted to write off his new roller blading equipment as a business expense <3
The Lawn is happy to humble the most prideful of rollerbladers
This is so inspiring, I'm going to go buy a new pair of blades right now!
I'm planning to pick up rollerblading this summer, so this video was a very helpful warning for the sheer limitless-nees of the rollerblading world that I will soon be helplessly thrust into. Thanks!
Everyone who knows the thrill love wheel feet
**You can't not rollerblade while rollerblading**
i was waiting for the horror
Coming from a former rollerblader, this video is the most accurate thing I've seen all week.
Pretty sure BDG made this video just so he could write off the tax on all that sweet roller blading gear
I have taken roller blading merit badge, so therefore i can confirm that all things are indeed possible with roller blades and a reasonably flat surface
is it weird that this video made me want to rollerblade?
Wouldn't be BDG without an existential crisis at the end!
This video is just a “haha can’t blade on grass” joke
Steven did say that to me, thank you for proving him oh so very wrong
IM GETTING OVER MY LIFELONG DEPESSION AND I THINK THIS VIDEO GENUINELY GAVE ME SEROTONIN
Gonk
1:49
eh
I’m convinced that 1:19 was completely unscripted and just his natural reactio
That mustache is serving me Walugi during a rollerblading minigame for Mario and Sonic at the Summer Olympic Games
Today's Entity is: The Vast
it really is
*clicks very quickly*
“it’s bAlls”
Ngl the first section just shut my brain off, he just kept talking...
i was not expecting niche rollerblading humor from bdg, but in hindsight i should have absolutely been expecting this
every time i begin a bdg video im scared for my life
We get it Brian you have an unfathomable sense of Balance, no need to flex on the rest of us Bipedals
That was like the fastest 3 minutes of my life
If you've never seen the Banff Film Festival - well, now you have
roller(b)la(d)in(g)
Ok, Jerry
The BDG world is limitless
hmmmmmmm sure
Rollerblading?               Yes
brain finally got his GoPro or sony whatever
You can do anything on a rollerblade? That doesn't make sense. That can't be real!
1:00 this made me laugh too much
looks like the keg delivery guy from Accepted
I assume every video bdg makes is a tax write off for his newest hobby and honestly i support it
I auto like these videos before I've even watched them because I believe in BDG
I just use the grass as brakes
bdg out here just intentionally eating shit into a concrete staircase for the Art
A man's world is limited, because the sports with limits, what is their defining characteristic?  It's balls.
Thought this was a Chris Flemming vid for a sec….. the gangly goofy vibes are there
thank you mr. gilbert for managing to capture my internal monologue every time i go rollerblading
Jet Set BDG
This was a good one Brian, thanks!
There are no limits to rollerblading, unless there is a lawn around, but I don't want to acknowledge that.
Rollerblading . . . . . . . . Yes
Gonna tell my kids this was SK8 the Infinity
Always wanted to rollerblade but never knew much about it. This was a great starter's guide, thanks Brian
so, it's limitless?
I love your nail polish in this one!
help im interested in the 16 rules of rollerblading
can someone please tell me what's said at the end? I can't understand it  edit: nevermind there are actually subtitles, thanks brian
what'd synth brian say at the end?
I like to think of the daily joggers that come across brian in that park like "Oh there's that weird guy doin' the youtubes again. You go, weird guy. I believe in you."
Oh the sweet iron E
oh boy i can't wait to learn the secrets of those rollerblader's
BDG's range of content, like rollerblading, is limitless.
I've been seeing rollerblading vids and now I really want to start doing it as a hobby :'D I think it would be fun because speed
hello brian ive been rollerblading since i was 4 please do not tell anyone about the rules
I like to think that Dale went insane and turned into this man after getting fired from twinz^2-1
Man, Jet Set Radio 3 is looking wild
I was having a slow start to the day and then brian rollerblades right into my heart
Everyone waits with baited breath for the third act twist
Me day one when i hyper-fixate on a new hobby.
THE MOUSTACHE IS RETURNING! HOORAY!
0:43 look at him speen
My theory is that Brian was just out rollerblading and decided to make a video as he was currently dressed. He's too good at it for that not to be his real equipment.
This has enormous Chris Fleming energy
Rollerblading... ...yes.
wow them blades are definitely rolling huh
Congratulations, Brian! after intense discussion with my colleagues we have decided that rollerskating is in fact not superior to rollerblading.
So inspiring.
I just woke up, and I’m glad I did.
As a person who recently picked up rollerblading I feel attacked
As somebody who has rollerbladed, i agree
I am greatly satisfied that i pay him a monthly fee to make this
bdg you are like three little mice in a trench coat
Oh gosh, I'm really early. Gotta think of something clever. Uhhhhh Yesterday I got some... New shoes? Damn, that was dumb. Hi Brian. Your ice cream flavors looked neat. Thanks for the new vid.
Rollerblading sounds awesome! I'll give it a try! I would like to know the rules though....
Brian just going down a list of hobbies during COVID like ✅ Birdwatching ✅ Roller blading ⬜ Pottery?
this was truly incredible but it goes so fast that I kept having to rewind because I was laughing and missed something lol. it did take me about 6 minutes to watch this 3 minute video but I guess that's just how the cookie crumbles.
0:31 - BRIAN HAS A CAMEL PACK!!!! I love Camel Packs : )
God the guy got off easy for a character in a BDG sketch
Let's see when the horror kicks in this time
I don't know what I just watched but I know it was a masterpiece
Aleight time to rob a bank on rollerblades
So the Rollerbladers limits are 1) stairs 2) a field of grass and 3) the inevitable hubris that comes with mortality?
What did you pick up rollerblading?
This is weirdly relaxing
that super fresh aesthetic is key to the roller blade
POV: You're cornered by your girlfriend's stepdad at a barbecue.
Ok but where can I get those sunglasses?!?
Brian's willingness to look like an absolute dingus in public for the sake of art is admirable
You be immune to grass if only you'd considered the humble quad, having yearned not for the excessive and sinful speed of the blade
All the video pieces moving around is so frickin' creative, man
Why is this all my friends during corona?
I envy this mans rollerblading skills... Perhaps I should try rollerblading again... *Sees extensive lawn and rocky gravel driveway outside* Or maybe not...
what a great day to know how to rollerblade
Oh man, I'm in equal parts excited and scared!
yea roller blades go weeeee
My very limited mind is being stretched to it's potential to understand, I gave up.
Aight place your bets bellow, is this an eldritch horror video or “serious”
I'm currently wondering what exactly I just witnessed...
i would sell my soul for a bdg and chris fleming collab
when i click youtube notifications, I always have at least a little idea of where the video will go thematically.  except when brian uploads. I am saddled with unnecessary... feelings. of uncertainty. and unease.
imagine a bdg and chris fleming collab...
Rollerblading to get to different areas faster. Optimal for birdwatching!
absolutely beautiful, a tale of the pride and hubris of annoying people who think their hobbies are the best, and also the pride of humans which falters if they are torn from their comfortable sidewalks
Without the rollerblade aspect of this video, it sounds like a Trump speech
I have but one thought: what the fuck. Hey Todd? What the fuck?
I was literally thinking "I wonder when the next BDG vid drops" five minutes before I got the notification.
Sorry dude, but blades are for chumps.  This post was made by the skateboard gang.
wow, only 16 rules? the rollerblader’s world really is limitless
Had this friend in 6th grade who roller-bladed home from school every day, but one day this guy, older than the friend, jumps out of the bushes in front of him and just sucker punches him in the gut and yells "FUCK YOU ROLLER BLADE KID!" and just runs off
This man has all the hobbies I'm afraid he's going to do a hobby marathon video where he attempts to do everything once
But the real question remains unanswered.                    Did you get good at the darts?
"And what ties them all together? It's balls" is a sentence that describes my friend group quite nicely
Lawn culture kills 😔
And here I thought it wasn't an existential dread video
Is this just Brian getting a new hobby and having to explain himself why?
I too am defined by balls, Brian.
me if I had actually figured out how to rollerblade on surfaces that are not 100% flat
I'm waiting for the full length Netflix documentary adaptation
He’s turning himself into a modern day Tim and Eric Great Job
That doesn't make sense,  and that can't be real.
He has a need for speed.
rollerblading?      yes.
I love that you can tell he just had some ideas for the camera talk and just adlibbed and edited down to what was funniest (which is a great way to do it) and honestly it's fantastic
How do I reach theough the screen and forcibly confiscate someone's facial hair?
I have some questions, Brian
tax write-offs are one hell of a drug
unimportant questions are not for rollerblading minds to answer
Odd humor or existential horror? Find out this time!
How does one put so much effort into something that told me absolutely nothing? Great video, Brian.
I think I just saw a man die and go to hell
Well, back to rythymic gymnastics I guess.
I choose to believe that Brian genuinely got into rollerblading & got angry he couldn't skate on lawns so he made this vid out of spite
Love it
Freaking Unskippable YouTube adds stole my early comment This is against the rollerbladers' spirit
bdg is like what dare in the 90s thought weed did to you
Yes.
i think at this point anything Brian releases is cosmic horror simply by virtue of having him in it
radical video dude. shame about biffing on the lawn, you'll get it next time dawg
Who is the guy that disliked this video?
the only question that doesn’t not matter is “who did bdg pick up rollerblading?” and i can only assume the answer is “himself and also everybody else”
It’s balls…. Alright?
The speech pattern? Absolutely brilliant, *_alright_* , and then there's the thought process
Roller blading?       Yes.
It's time to get good at The Rollerblading
I had to stop watching a video about ants for this and I was right.
Next one: we like watching birds while rollerblading.
Kind of a long-winded way to say you tried to rollerblade in grass and ate shit, Brian.
I'm guessing is that this video is only for Tax Deductible purposes
thought i was gonna get spooked after he tripped but it was comedy through and through BDG is a wildcard, you never know what you're gonna get when he uploads
never did I think I'd get to see BDG be brought to his limits by a patch grass, but honestly it kinda makes sense
It would seem that he has risen from his slumber once again to bring us another monstrosity of creativity.
Haha brought to *heel*
I do like rollerblading
Should i be scared, brian?
remind me to come back in 10 minutes when the comments have figured out what the hell this video is about
I aspire to watch BDG filming in public one day ... Just a young Dad in full neon skate gear crawl like a baby in the middle of a field...
I was bracing myself for the eldritch horror of rollerblading. Shocked that I won't be having dreams of Cthulhu rollerblading at me at mach speed tonight.
2 mins in 1 dislike - you are wrong.
those glasses FUCK and I am also terrified to my core
How soon the pride of the rollerblader is brought to heel, by the unyielding lawn
Thanks Brian. Have you seen my rollerblades?
Ah I was wondering when the existential dread was going to kick in
The fact that I just started inline skating
I love the late 90s local access channel energy of this, if my local access channel had sick ass rollerblades and great editing
Started off as a something about the limitlessness, and ended with L A W N
This feels like a high-production quality Gus Johnson video and I love it for that.
The editing on this video is really satisfying for some reason.
Well then
yeah that’s about what i expected. yet another banger
I think I should go rollerblading!
BDG is my god and you can’t change that.
0:28 Their name is actually Kevin punt
Edit show
...how many times did you trip while filming this?
that FIT
Sweet Jesus he's discovered rollerblades. Lord help us all
WHERE IS THE G-SHOCK BRIAN
the first couple minutes of this feels like one of those masterclass advertisements
I was just rewatching old Unraveleds yesterday! Missed you
...who is ken, I'm confused
What cosmic horror shall be revealed in rollerblading Brian? What. Horror.
i KNEW it would get weird
yeah
Come on, BDG. Release the 16 Rules of Rollerblading.
Hell yeah, I'm ready for the inevitable existential dread in the morning
When you get into a hobby for a week and instantly become a snob about it
Thanks Brian, very cool!
i think bdg is really proud of his new rollerblades guys!
Alright
Brian be honest was this an attempt to write off rollerblades in your taxes
I sweat to god sometimes I think bdg reads my mind and finds what is topical for me at the moment
123rd comment
mom, that green existentialist rollerblader is back at the park again
I was just rewatching a bunch of BDG videos this morning lol, great timing
Rollerbladding? Yes.
I am never surprised by what this amazing man does now
genial
This video is the result of the cameraman thinking of interviewing someone for a rollarblading doc, decided to choose a random person off the street, unfortunately picks BDG, and then has no choice but to listen to BDG ramble about rollerblades and doesnt know the best way to end the interview.
what
So glad that my name isn't Steven or Stephanie. Y'all just got R O A S T E D.
I was just rewatching Gill & Gilbert and this was a welcome suprise
Me, who's roller bladed once and felt very neutral about it but fell down more than on skates: Yeah that ending checks out
Every time BDG uploads, it's a whole fucking different genre than the last upload
hahah balls
I'm so desperate to know the 16 secret rules of rollerblading
Fear is what I feel when big uploads a new video
Roller Blading ?     Yes !
I’m more impressed about the fact he can rolleblade so well?? Man’s going zoom zoom on big wheelies.
that overhead angle was so jarring i stg i thought we were looking down his pants it triggered my fight or flight response
This video was uploaded 3 minutes ago and someone has already disliked. I suspect Twinz² (minus Dale) is to blame.
YES BRIAN IVE BEEN TRYIMG TO ROLLERBLSDE FOR MONTHS
brian,
Thank you BDG for wearing protective gear. Always put on a helmet kids
Guys I think what he’s trying to say is that rollerblading is limitless
Hey, it's time to play: Will this be psychological horror or a silly song? Place your bets y'all!  Edit: my hubris and carelessness made me forget about the rare third genre: comedy.
Brian just made this video to show off his Rollerblading drip ….
commenting before watching to say I am cautious that this is going to be another unsettling horror video. Will update in 3:03 minutes. Update: It's the equivalent of talking to an undergrad student double majoring in philosophy and kinesiology.
I can do one thing on a rollerblade and that is fall over.  Good work yet again!
well shit, I’m convinced. time to buy some rollerblades I guess
This feels fruity (like more than usual)
another master piece
_It's Balls_  This man is spittin' straight up facts.
Rollerblading ...... yes
all i see is that Brian gets to write off his sick rollerblading gear on his taxes good for him
My sis just got into rollerblading and I'm going to show her this without context.  I'll edit this with her thoughts when I show her
rollerblader? I hardly know her
"It's balls"
I NEED to know the sixteen rules of rollerblading
Limitless unless, of course, there’s a smallish rock
So THAT’S what he’s been up to
wawooga
Terrefying
Is this going to be terrifying, amusing, musical or all of them at once?
BDG (Blade David Gilbert)
He's growing the moustache again, is another Waluigi masterpiece coming? Maybe?
the overwhelming concern i feel already is indescribable
i'm beginning to think that the rollerblader's world is limitless
Okay, I knew a guy JUST like this in high school, but it was a skier.
Wow
I haven't watched the video yet. Is this existential horror again?  Edit: Ok, kinda...?
gotta go fast
oh no. bdg has blessed us with a video.
Two important monthly occurences:  1. BDGs uploads 2. my period
Brian you're insane and I adore you
“Brian did you even prepare for this presentation?”  *Brian -*
Brian’s on a roll!
Ready for whatever existential horror I'll see
Wake up babe, new BDG just dropped. Let's watch it with fear in our hearts and joy in our minds
Good to see the upgrade from Milk-cooled PC to Water-heated Rollerblader
God i love inlining. And i also love brian. But..together? Yeah uh..sure
Amazing
gonna need to see Brian try his hand at Roller Derby cause I feel like that would be...fun?
I never knew he had all these unlocked skills. What's next, acrobatics?
It's limitless because you can keep rolling as long as far you're in _roll_
yay im early :DD
I really wanna go rollerblading.
my god he's right
Oh? A new song?
the last time i was this early, there were still things you couldnt do on a rollerblade
this reminds me of The Universe by Tim and Eric
this has HUGE tim and eric energy. Great job!
An upload!
Oooooofffff that's a GOOD fit
Damn. The rollerblader's world really IS limitless.
Nothing like a good BDG video to remind me of my mortality.
roller skates or roller blades ? 👀
I'm very excited for this
I’m so glad I’m here, Brian
the limit does not exist
Yeah?
I saw the notification saying Brain David Gilbert and my heart exploded
24th!!!!
I wish I could think of a witty comment.
havent watched and im scared
woooooo
Fucking whiplash with what BDG does fills me with zjerb.
Rollerblader Brian has challenged you to a battle
another wheely fun video! thanks BDG!
Can't wait till it becomes cosmic horror
*Everyone gather around, and we shall wait for the video to go sideways*
This is what blade runner could’ve been
Tony Hawk ... Better watch your back
the return of the moustache!!!
Just keep on rollin
I have to assume that he was able to afford all this gear by being his own boss and working from home?
imagine knowing how to rollerblade 💔💔
Woooo 7th view!!
will this be a fun song, an unimaginable existential horror, or both at the same time? i'm scared to find out
BDG is 100% the most underrated YouTuber and sketch writer out there
It's true
Early
I won't lie, that's a great fit
Wow
Probably not first  Edit: I reloaded the video and I’m still the only one
