I simply dont understand why he didnt want them fighting. Their backstory is great.   Chael is confusing as hell to follow.
Alex died in the ring a little bro. Game over!
You seem so unhappy…  I’m still thinking about the arrow shots and the broken bow!
Pereira had won 1 round and got a lucky punch in 7 rounds i see it as Isreal is clearly the better figher out of those 2 no need for a rematch
Anyone else feel like Chael is yelling at you?😅
Uncle chael please you don't have to hype every fighter as greatest ever like Joe Rogan 😢
They can do the rubber match at 205lbs since Alex has no intention of going back to 185lbs
Poatan won't fight Izzy again,he will move up to light heavyweight,Whitaker will finish Izzy and hold the belt until poatan returns for a shot at it,first thing is poatan has to claim the light heavyweight before he will come back to middleweight for a title shot,and Izzy will be no where at the top by then.
I guess my own opinion is they knew what they was getting into. Izzy clearly held up 1 finger ☝️ Infront of a passed out Alex.  He knew this ain't over. There will be a 3
This man said I don’t want to see these guys fight but I want to see these guys fight
We need a third!!
Uncle chael is awesome 👍
Wtf are you talking about Chael? You think izzy and Dana didn't want to run this back? This was your worst take ever.
Alex Pereira   said hes now going to 205..No more weight cut!!
That guy is more than weight
not really interested in seeing another Alex Izzy fight. This was an "Ali" like moment, where anyone that follows the sport will remember for the rest of their life. Neither fighter seems interested either. I'm more interested to see Pereira at 205.
Whittaker would have been the more interesting fight.. Don't get immediate rematches anyway
I love your commentary but I don't agree my friend. No one asked for the rematch because it was a given. Izzy was dominating the 1st MMA fight and got KO'd in the last round. This was similar to Edwards vs. Usman. The rematch was a given, no need to ask for it.   Now the rubber match for Izzy and Pereira is also a given since they both KO'd each other, 1-1. I mean, Izzy basically KO'd Alex this time in the same way he almost finished him in the first round of the first match. All Izzy did this time was throw the same fight-ending combo earlier in the round, giving Alex enough time to take a power nap.  Something Dana said is interesting though - Alex struggled to make weight this time, so he may end up moving up in weight and out of Izzy's division. We'll see what happens this time...  Thanks again for the commentary, Bad Guy!
Actually because of Usman
Izzy and Pierre should fight again in a couple more fights. At least get 2 fights in between. Have Alex go face Whittaker or Yan at 215
Lapping a division first was Jon jones. That’s why he moved up. Love u chael but your wrong
Many have said Chael is the greatest of all SPACE and time
Chael you are so wrong on all of this. 😂😂
Man, no one is as good at saying so much and actually saying so little.   Never lost a round!
It was clearly fake, it would not be beneficial for UFC market share and revenue if Adesyana lost. Alex does not have charisma and appeal  as Adesyana does, Adesyana has a massive customer base, a lot of fans, if he lost this would mean revenue lost for UFC. UFC uses AI and other analytical skills and knows the trends and where the money is going.  I'm not saying Adesyana could not win, Poatan and Adesyana are great warriors, but this fight is scandalously fake.
Alex Volk had to fight Max Holloway 3 times to put it all to bed. And now, so should Izzy..
I'd like to see it, but unfortunately I don't believe Izzy wants to give him another shot.
No. Alex is still learning the sport, give him another year
lapping a division because he ran.... for 75% of his fights
I don't really care about seeing them fight again after Chael told me I didn't.
See I feel like this was so decisive that there is zero reason for a rematch.  Alex has an questionable stoppage…Izzy slept this guy and he had to resurrect with jesus..its not the same
i feel like its settled
Mans still saying “Piera” after how many videos? 😂
He's definitely full of shit. We all wanted to see this rematch lol
I think  izzy is the better striker now.and the better fighter as of now . It was a awesome fight he said he played possum and it worked
Depends on what Pereira wants to do. If 205 is his move he should move to 205 and they are done… if he says nope run it back he should get that rematch to settle it once and for all.
Need another rematch to settle the trilogy in ufc
Chael - the phone is only a few inches from your viewers faces, no need to yell.
Fight was staged. PERIOD. I was actually betting on Izzy also but very disappointed seeing it just didn't feel the same as a real mother fucking fight. I just know by instincts experience and a real trained fighter and a good psychologist can easily see it was faked. Even more it's obvious enough for everyone to immediately notice it's staged but most people will just always be blinded by the things they wish for..
They both called for it
Where does chael come up with this shit. Izzy called for an immediate rematch right after he lost. He talked about it all the time on his media.
Does anyone care that Alex just got KO'd cold? What happened to Izzy in NY and what happened here are dramatically different. Alex needs 9-12 months off after that. Izzy can easily take another fight in the interim. Or ya'll can say fuck Alex's health and rush him back in by October. Whatever.
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
I can’t watch this guy anymore. Claiming I didn’t want to see this rematch is the stupidest thing out of this clowns mouth. I get he does it to drive engagement but this kind of bullshit is what will drive chael to be a WWE commentator.
This cements izzy as the goat. Man slaughtered his demons and shot three arrows into it 😂
Id like to see Alex move up for some big fights at light heavy.
after Izzy lost his belt, he deserved an immediate rematch because of the work he had done. Another rematch is necessary but Pereira needs a top 5 win first
You are right! A trilogy is what needs to be done
ATTENTION AMERICA WOW HERE YOU HAVE SOMEONE TELLING YOU DEPENDING ON YOURSELF UM? YAWEH-GOD IS THE ONLY ONE THAT CAN SAVE AMERICA AND WE REALLY NEED THE REMNANT STANDING UP AND SAYING NO IN FAITH Are COVENANT NATION IS NOT GOING TO BE DESTROYED,,! THIS IS A SPIRITUAL  BATTLE ON  steroids what I mean is this IS A  BATTLE ONLY YAWEH CAN WIN SATAN AND THE Regime and left wanted to happen so they can take full control of our nation.EVEN SO CALLLED FAKE PASTORS DONT CARE. THE LEFT IS IN FULL PANIC MODE AND PEOPLE THAT HAVE GIVEN THEMSELVES OVER TO SATAN,YAWEH IS NOT GOING TO LET THE covenant with God that’s what this is nation ISTHE REMNANT STAND UP IN PRAYER USE THE VOICE AND POWER THAT WE HAVE BEEN GIVEN THROUGH YESHUA HAMASHIACH MEANS JESUS THE  MESSIAH,THELORD ,THE LION, THE LAMB OF GOD AND  PUT ON THE WHOLE ARMOR OF STAND FIRM AND FIGHT LIKE HEAVEN READ PSLAMS 91 CLAIM IT OVER YOUR FAMILY OR YOURSELF AND SAY I KNOW THAT ARE TRUE ENEMY SATAN IS BEING PUT DOWN AND THAT WE WILL TAKE THIS NATION BACK BY STORM AND THIS NATION WILL NOT FALL BELIEVE IT MEAN IT DECREE IT DECLARE IT IN YESHUA NAME
the fuck we don't. let alex get some dubs then they can fight, if he doesn't wanna do that then it's no big deal to him in the first place, fuck off with freezing up divisions on the same fight endlessly
im kiwi, so f yeah im happy!
Bank robber sonnen
Izzy the UFC GOAT 🐐
Izzys phantom ''KO'' punch will look good in WWE
You talk some shit. Of course we wanted to see the rematch, it had to happen. And what a match. Let Alex win another fight then get a rematch. Izzy was a long standing champ, Alex wasn't.  That's the difference..
It is finished. F another 1
I don’t think Izzy will fight him again. He is relieved that he won and doesn’t want to risk fighting Alex again. Izzy is running scared
I 1000% want to see potentially the BIGGEST trilogy of all time. Scratch the kickboxing shit and handle the mma dispute. Izzy literally has nothing waiting for him except khamzat and he's got some work to do before that's a reality.
How did Chael just convince me  that I never wanted to see a rematch that I desperately wanted to see...truly amazing.
Gotta love chael being so humble saying he isn’t the best middle weight of all time. What a guy👍🏾
Alex needs to fight 2-3 guys before getting another shot.
Im glad to see Izzy back on top. I was afraid he'd go down 0-4 and he might have to retire. Hopefully Alex goes up to LHW now..
How could Izzy be the best when he’s not undefeated and undisputed, Chael p the GOAT forever and always pvp best.
Haaaaaaater, Chael's jealousy is showing
uncle chael we all wanted to see this rematch not gonna lie...
The greatest ufc fighter of all time. Chael is undefeated.
Alex gets a shot at 205 belt next if he wins do the trilogy at 205
I wanted to see it
Uncle C stylebender said 1 and done!
"Pierre-ah"
I have to disagree Chael have to be the best middle weight of all time.
Israel top 5 all time 📈
Do the fight at light heavyweight
Chael is still undisputed, but coming at us with some wild takes lol
It was an incredible accomplishment by Izzy!! Dope!!
Hilarious
No we don't it took Alex 5 and it was questionable, Izzy literally deadened that guy in 2
I don’t think Izzy wants a rematch it seems settled by him. Alex  is killing his body to make Middle Weight Alex is the near future light heavy weight champion!
Possibly the most fixed fight I’ve ever seen
run it BACK!!
we want a third fight ! noww
Izzy said 1 and done
I wanted this rematch, Isy deserved an immediate rematch.
Perreira will leave division. Whittaker doesnt get a third shot. Costa and Chimaev fight for number one contender
Chael officially doesn’t know the difference between facts and how he feels😂
You are Wrong. Izzy was standing at the end of his fight. Izzy knocked Alex unconscious. Big difference. There will not be a trilogy fight.
Izzy is not better than a prime Anderson Silva. He’s awesome, but he’s not that good.
I dont agree. Let alex take over the next division, let izzy hold this weight class. 🤟🏽 stop making it what its not
Alex did say there will be no rematch for the style bender and Izzy has come out and said he has settled the score so in my opinion and from my perspective based off what they both said this was their last interaction now of course Alex is going to want to run it back because he wants to get revenge
No one wanted it? Of course we all wanted it. Izzy did not have to take the fight against him in the first place, he earned that rematch more than Pereira earned his title shot. It would have absolutely been unfair to Izzy if he did not get an immediate rematch.
And Humble ..... GOAT status confirmed
The fight is over .... he ttruly knocked out P so I don't want see it again.
You need the third for sure
I would like to see Izzy fight Dricus Du Plessis or Sean Strickland
IZzy got Lucky. Boy beat him twice
who the fuck is pee-ayre-a
They should definitely rematch it only because of the early stoppage. That ref should be fired!
Chael?? You’ve lost it man. Izzy 100% called for this fight!!!
alex pee era
Unreal for Izzy, one of the greatest moments I’ve ever witnessed!!
No body cared about the time izzy got knocked out in kickboxing. Everyone will care forever how alex lost and in general Izzy did say at the weigh ins it's one and done. He doesn't keep score he settles them
Alex in press conferences: Saturday is the last time I will fight Izzy Izzy after the fight: Well chapter is closed. He is about to beat the shit out of LHW  Fans: We are going to ignore what Alex said and call Izzy scared
Everyone want the first rematch 😅 Izzy deserved it as the defending champ.  Now we don’t want the third fight because Alex got dominated most of the last fight and slept this one. Let’s move on
Chael, before this fight you was saying “this is it, no more rematches”. Now after the fight, you’re saying “I think we need to do a rematch”? Wtf😂
We really don't need it.
we dont need izzy v alex again, if izzy wins,then its 3-2, what happens then? they fight again cos it 3-2? then they fight again it's now 3-3, what happens now,they fight for the 7th time? It's just ridiculous, just leave it off, they both had their moments and will be remembered for the rivalry, let them both move on to new and different challenges
Israel “4th times the charm” Adesanya
They need to have a drunken bar fight over a woman. Last man standing wins the title. May the best athlete win!
Is he is going to lose to the real African.. duplexes.. or whatever his name is, Israel is the fakest fighter I’ve ever seen, when he was kickboxing overseas, he claimed to be Chinese, and that China was a greatest country, and he is the black dragon, then, as soon as he gets signed the UFC, he’s a Nigerian.. fuck that fake MF, then, after beating, Kevin Gastelum, he claimed to have a little bit of Mexican in him.. I can’t stand Israel Adesanya
❤❤❤
Chaels such a good entertainer only 4 days ago he said the saga ends here and we don’t need a rematch no matter what happens
Izzy desperately wants out of this rivalry. But that's like being down 3-0 in a football (soccer) match, scoring a goal, and immediately walking off the pitch saying "I don't keep score, I settle them". Defo doesn't wanna get back in there with that assassin of a man, guarantee you that. Id still love nothing more than a third fight tho, has to happen, would be a madness
Huh here I thought izzy said multiple times and they showed multiples times izzy saying 2 or 3 days later he knew he wanted and immediate rematch pretty sure izzy even counted his title defenses and said he deserved the immediate rematch so yes izzy did call for it.... I wonder if u actually pay attention u were calling g for paddy in London and didn't know he had surgery and I called it on that video. Ur research guy should be let go
This man's funny. Bet there wasn't a single soul not wanting to see them two fight (esp on this last rematch). Chaels defo missing a screw up there
The TKO in their last fight and the KO in this one are not comparable.
did u lose some money chael ?
Fake fight at least Alex won the wallet battle... If he goes to 205 that's explain it all
Only thing I’ll disagree with is the knockouts were the same.  Alex’s soul left his body when Izzy knocked him out.  Izzy just looked shaken up from Alex’s knock out.  I’m only talking their UFC fights.  I didn’t watch their other ones.
How Izzy has somehow concluded that his recent ko win against Pereira, is decisive,  shows he's delusional. He was ko'd in the fight just before, yet his win, in his imagination, "settled the score"?! He's on some straight BS!
Love your content brother I’m from New Zealand izzy is king of division he will always win!! King will do what he wants adesanya
I was biased coming into this fight just because I thought I was sick of Izzy but really have to give Izzy the respect he deserves… I say that begrudgingly
RUN IT BACK !
Lol that hammer fist man just looks so soft
They each fight one other opponent, if they both win, they finish the trilogy in 2024. A perfect ending to the trilogy would be they BOTH retire. That would reinvent the entire division.
This guy took a long time to explain but I actually understand what he's talking about
it would have been better for the division in Pereira won imo. Adesanya has beaten pretty much everyone else. LHW time for Pereira
That is the win was rigged
Prime chael would beat both these guys in the same night
If they fight again I wouldn't be mad but I think it shouldn't be an immediate rematch. Let them fight other people/ wait some years and let them both fight at 205
Chimaev v Izzy??
Izzy lost the belt to a guy that beat him in kickboxing.  That was the only fight we wanted to see Izzy in.
We all wanted to see the rematch lol
I like this cat he keep it real subscribe trust me he’s real
I don't think either want to do a rematch immediately. Now UFC they are 1-1. Later on towards their last fight... they do the rubber match for massive money granting both do well after this fight
Izzy needs to go up a weight class to see new competition
The only reason se need a rematch its cause there îs no other fighter at middleweight that can push forward versus Adesanya and force him to fight back in a spectacular way so that we can see a legendary fight.Adesanya will fight all the other middleweights by keeping the distance and outpunching them which is very borring for us to watch.
Absolutely izzy is 3-1 to alex, 1-1 in the UFC even so YES we need the UFC trilogy
Izzy made a demand for the fight soon as he lost last time what are you talking about 😂
Not 1 person outside of Chael said  Chael is the GOAT of middle weight…😂😂
Nah. Alex doesn’t deserve an immediate rematch. He was only fast tracked for Izzy. Plus, he got KO’d dead. He’s gonna be out for a long time. Let’s not wait.
We need another fight between them, while Izzy is good, so is Alex. He just got caught!
Chael would take them both on the same night and not break a sweat
I could've sworn Izzy asked for the rematch. He said it a few times...
I really enjoyed the two UFC bouts between Pereira and Izzy very competitive
Khamzat needs a few wins in the division, Rob should wait out for the winner of Khmazat vs Paulo
Chael says so much for saying nothing at all lol
0:49 retard is was Jon jones that put that word in the ufc
Basically if they don’t wrestle Chael is going to spin it like people didn’t want to see it. He acts like we all want to see. He then claims we all want to see  Colby but nobody really does Kamaru stopped his hype train
I agree we need to see Alex vs Izzy 3
I think we need to see whitaker and Perreira, then the winner goes to Izzy again.
Very rarely do you have a trilogy where all three fights are back to back, its just hard to keep the viewer engages on the same story line for so long. Got to get Izzy some new blood, Khamzat would be a good choice from a number perspective. I agree Rob isn't an exciting rematch for Izzy. Peiria going to 205 also spices up that division.
Chael who is the most deserving to be in line to fight for the championship ?
As someone that's had martial arts a big part of his life since I was a little boy,  I can say with some confidence that those who thought Alex would win are usually those who just paid attention to the fact he won 3 times instead of truly analyzing things and having a deep understanding of martial arts knowledge.   Izzy is the better fighter and martial artist when you study him and all 3 fights they had prior. Sure, Alex came out on top the last 3 but that doesn't mean he is the better fighter, as strange as that sounds.   Every time Alex won, it's because Izzy made crucial mistakes that cost him. Its not necessarily because Alex is a better fighter.   Overall, izzy is the better fighter/martial artist.   It's kind of hard to explain without making it sound confusing I'm sorry lmao
I respect Izzy for keeping it on the feet and not taking advantage of Alex’s poor ground game. Cringey guy but we gotta respect the win.
I think if a third fight happens, Alex is pretty much garunteed to win and Izzy knows it.
Cael talks like a sex cult leader. He adores those long pauses....yeah those ones...(fire off 50 words in 3 seconds) yeah....
Anderson silva is the greatest middleweight ever chael sonnen !!!!! Isreal is number 2 .
I would say adesanya pretty much dominated majority of the fight time between the 4 fights. Also, Alex fought for the title with 7 fights. Then lost the rematch by convincing fashion. Alex needs to go through the gauntlet 1st.
Chael loves talking out his ass. Izzy literally went on Ariel's show the day after losing in November saying his next fight will be against Poatan no questions asked.
I personally think Uncle Chanel is the GOAT of the division...
Chael’s CTE is really starting to kick in at this point. I’m getting more and more Brendan Shaun vibes every time I hear him.
MMA fans have the memories of rats. It’s like people forgot about the Izzy Gastelum fight. He’s always been tough.
What I want to know - is it true that Izzy was "playing possum" and tricked Peeaira into letting his guard down, or was Izzy actually on the ropes and let go a desperate hail mary shot that landed perfectly? It sure seemed like Izzy was getting beat bad up to that moment, and letting one of the biggest killers in the game throw at you seems too crazy to attempt, but given the way their last fight went it would be a plausible strategy and it worked so well that I could believe it really was an intentional strategy. And if it was, it might be the brilliantly crafty strategy I've ever seen in the UFC.
i wonder if izzy could make 70
Wow… Miss Britney got us some nice shoes
Look at Bisping(Danas boy video), just sad to watch a real champ gettin paid to be a spokesperson for sheit
We dont need another fight
Alex needs some time to get his brain right…that was a devastating ko.
Izzy’s only challenge right now is pereria, bring on the third. Their no match up for him rn that screams danger or gives you doubt. Pereria is that guy, do it in October.
I feel the opposite. I was stoked for this fight, but I don’t want to see it again. I must be wrong though because Chael P is always right.
Comparing the two fights as equal knockouts is the best Chael magic trick of the year.
Alex said he's not fighting Izzy again after this fight en Israel saying he is settling the score means this is the last you'll see them share an octagon to me
i love that chael is "the goat mma fan"...he has the freshest takes🙌🙌
I get was chael is saying...but in Izzy defense. He clearly stated that he doesn't want a rematch in his post fight conference
Chael you are delusional everyone asked for this rematch.
I dont keep scores, i settle them..... hmmmm well Izzy, good thing we keep score for you.....Izzy 1 Pereira 3.  Keep trying more and talking less Izzy....
Chael is the greatest of all time.
Rematch at 205
A couple of things: - Instant rematches for the belt should be reserved for dominant champs. Pereira had no defences (barely any fights for that matter) and lost the fight bad. - Izzy doesn't want the fight. - Pereira needs a long time off after such a brutal KO, while Izzy wants to stay active. - The UFC really wants Pereira to move up a weight class. There've been close calls with his weight cuts.  There won't be an instant rematch
So happy
Izzy fan i wanted the rematch… deserves the trilogy but izzy said he has to earn the rematch.. kinda making me want the rematch more
The weight cut is definitely harder on Alex...Izzy is more of a natural 185
Izzy called for the rematch right after the first and then after the second fight said it was settled. I'm for the trilogy, but this is so wrong haha
You're so correct Uncle Chael Pereira does deserve it I mean you're so right on so many levels
Damn this guys actually got a talent for saying a whole  lot of nothing 😂
And I really think people are ready for a new champion the fans don't want Izzy anymore
Izzy says he finished the score I think he's scared to fight again I know you say they never are but I think he's scared to lose now and I would love to know what chale Uncle chale thanks
Izzy is goat
We don't need another fight until Alex gets a win because Alex got knocked TF out in round 2. Where as Izzy was winning 3-1 in the first fight, and got TKO'd by Alex in the 5th. Big difference between their losses. It's only right Alex fights someone else, and if he wins then yeah make the trilogy.
One of the best rivalry in MMA
3rd fight ain’t gonna happen. Not at 185. Possibly if Izzy moves up to 205 in a couple of years.
We don’t need another rematch for at least a year or two. I’d like to see Alex evolve more before fighting Izzy again.
Why would anyone care what this journeyman steroid cheater has to say.
Alex was still cutting weight in the last half hour!! When u fight that way your mind isn't all there, your body isn't all there, your jaw isn't all there. Never should have fought that way he should move up to 205!!!!
Greatest middleweight of all time Israechael Adesonnen
Apparently its staged!! 😮😮
Peayeara  wtf?
Great job Izzy.
There should be no rematch Izzy smoked him.
Will he ever get the guy lastname right ever? It's PEREIRA not PIERA come on uncle Chael you can do it i believe in you!
I think Israel HAS to challenge Alex to cement his legacy. Otherwise, it seems cheapened as though Israel is avoiding it.
Another fight? Maybe in the future but not a instant rematch
Oh I’d love to see a rematch but I also wanna see Khamzat destroy Izzy
dude says a whole bunch of nothing
If this keeps up, there won’t ever be another champion, these two will just fight in indefinitely, the belt switching hands between the duo. 🤭  Prime Silva vs Prime Adesanya = the Ultimate Fight in Ultimate Fighting. 🤤  Silva wins, though. His ability to box in the pocket while delivering pain and evading hits like a sambista dancing through the Sapucaí was, is and will remain second to none…  That said, Israel, after Silva and alongside GSP, Bones, and Fedor, are the only real S-Tier in MMA. Everyone else is A-tier at best. 🥳
Chael with a classic mumbo jumbo analysis video
Pereira on 15%
No one asked for the rematch because it was already guaranteed
No point in a rematch. Izzy is the better fighter.
Alex should move up to LHW. Instead of making Izzy and Bobby 3, just give chimaev his shot. Why not? Sure he doesn’t have any fights there and Izzy may pick him apart, but at it would still be new blood and that’s always interesting.
It’s high level fighting we like to see that
One out of three they need to run it back or he is scared the other guy beat him three times
Chael confused me into just agreeing
I am not happy. I wanted Alex to win.
Piera 😂😂😂😂
whitaker deserves it more imo
So fickle you are, my dearest.
Asap third fight
i love watching chael even this man legit waffles and talks nonsense 90% of the time but he spews out bullshit so eloquently u cant resist watching 😂
No one said that your the greatest middle weight Chael,,,,, ever
Getting punch hurts. Hugs feel good yet no $ there. I'm Madonna had it right and that's unfortunate. Human wise. Like ABBA sang $$$ must be funny a rich cunts world. Great fight tho
Alex goes up to 205- khamzat goes against Izzy. Would that work?🇬🇧
Izzy makes it easy... but at this moment as I see things, the only one who COULD have a chance to beat Izzy is Whitaker. But we also have to admit that Khamzat is targeting that belt, although I don't think that he'll take it from Izzy at the moment... Whitaker has a better chance to beat Izzy, but I don't think that he could beat Khamzat. In the reality, we have the king who is looking at all others fighting for the spot of the 1st contender.
rematch for the last time
Congrats to Israel “ I’ll fight you 4 times until I win” Adensanya.
It must be a third fight To close the chapter.
If Pereira wins the 205 strap, then we'll see the TRILOGY.
Sorry but it's 1-1 in the octogan, kickboxing is a different sport so didn't count on this record. If you look at the fight before this you can also see what I've been cleaning for a long time now it was an early stoppage and Izzy was waiting to throw that right hand that he knocked him out with in this fight. I was actually starting to get worried that the ref was going to make another early stoppage on this fighting
Alex was losing that first fight and got a lucky knockout. Izzy came and dominated the second fight. He doesn’t deserve that rematch. He needs to earn it. Izzy had the right to that rematch cause he defended 6-7times plus was wining the first fight. No way Alex deseves that. He doesn’t even belong in that division with his heavyweight in middleweight ass. 220? Get your ass to light heavy
No I want another re-match 😂
One more fight!
i agree with a rematch needing to happen regardless of how the 3 previous fights were going alex did win 3 in a row,  i'd say he deserves a rematch to close it out
You sounds like the godfather 😂😂
There has to be a trilogy
This mofo is really still calling him PEE - ERRA its hilarious
Izzy the Goat??? He absolutely didn't look good in this Fight despite the two hits ending it! Looked quite staged to me...😅
A lot of people did not want to see a rematch even the middleweight fighters...bacause maybe they knew there was a chance that izzy wins ND he rules over the division again
You do an incredible job making it all make sense...
With is chael on ab I fully expected a rematch after their 1st ufc fight
If andesanya was smart he would make pereira run around middleweight  B4 fighting him again rob Whitaker vs pereira
Rematch will happen if pereira  fight before. The first fight was a nice comeback by Alex but the second one was lights out. Pereira vs Whitaker winner takes Izzy. If pereira don’t wanna do that he should leave division
Alex goes to lwh. Wins the belt. Then super fight it for the 3rd
8 minutes of my life ill never get back, what a horrible take
Fight again “Gender Bender” you’re still 1-1 so paint your nails and bring your stupid dog collar prop. 😂😂😂💅✅🍿
Khamzat
Just wanna say,I couldn’t watch the fights on time over weekend and you chael spoiled it for me so I’m unsubscribing,bye.
You can tell Chael picked Alex to win lol, making a case for a rematch instead of talking about what just happened haha
Dude Anderson Silva has the UFC record for the longest reigning champion. Izzy beat him when he was like 44 years old. Silva is the greatest Middleweight ever. He destroyed legends
Never thought Alex was all that. I only even heard of him because he fought Izzy.
For the last last time?
Honestly I do t think so. Alex should fight Whittaker or someone else and we should see how good he is. Izzy was winning every fight and the guy was just getting lucky in a sense. I think he should fight someone in the top 5 but Alex is going up in weight I'm sure
No we don't I was never happy that he got an easy run to the title, Alex that is, let him earn his way to a title shot like Izzy had to.
We need this fight to happen
It was so obvious to be a rematch nobody said anything. UFC fans wouldn’t care if Alex beat him 100 times before the ufc they need to have UFC scorecard which is now 1-1
REMATCH!!!
Where was the fight analysis??
I would rather see Izzy vs Pereira 3 than Izzy vs Whittaker 3 or Paulo Costa 3 or Marvin Vetorri 3
Am I the only one, that thought Pereira had what it takes in this fight, but just had no respect for Izzy? In the closing sequence he was unloading and keeping his chin high like he was invincible. Dumb thing to do but I think Pereira can easily fix that and get the belt back.
With all due respect but I do not agree with cheal on this. I believe its done tonight and its over.  And yes everyone wanted the rematch from izzy to the Perriera fans, due to the fact that izzy was winning that fight AGAIN.  I believe now perriera should leave the division and devistate the light heavyweight.
Chael is easily the greatest middleweight of all time. Stop debating the undebatable.
THAT IS ADESANYA WE KNOW BUT THE ALL PAST 3 FIGHTS WITH ALEX PEREIRA HE DIDN'T ADJUST ANYTHING HE WAS ALMOST QUIT IN THOSE FIGHTS THIS TIME HE COME TO WIN THAT IS A NASTY STATEMENT WIN CONG...
“They said it was me” hahaha dude come on
except all fight camp Izzy has literally been sayin over and over again that this is one and done. Izzy has put this feud behind him and so has Alex.
You and pereira fam boys are the only people that think we need another fight fam he knocked that dude out cold and got fast tracked to his first shot he needs to beat whittaker or Khamzat first
I honestly didn't wanna see the rematch that much, but I bought the ppv and I had fun watching it. No complaint from me
Tbh I rather see these 2 fight a third time in UFC than see Izzy leg kick his way to a decision against Rob for a third fight.   Izzy has already dominated everyone the MW… more than once, it’s like not even competitive at this point, I think against Marvin and Jared he didn’t get hit lol.  Alex should be the deciding factor… beat Izzy again, make him fight an up coming fighter like Khamzat or Alex loses again and moves to LHW.  But damn Alex and Izzy are just so far beyond in skill compared to the rest of MW.
There needs to be a rematch honestly whether you think they’re 2-2 over all or 3-1 they are 1-1 in the UFC and they needa settle the tie in the UFC
Alex won't be fighting again 4 a long time after that murder
I dnt mind watching Izzy and Alex fight 10 more times as long as they're trying Knock each others heads off
Alex deserves a rematch! He gave it to izzy
I would like to see him fight Calvin G. Run that WAR back
Chael be rambling on and on and not saying anything at the same time
Nobody:  Chael: Pierra
Alex “Piera” Pereira
Make perrria prove like adesaya and Whittaker did
I think Izzy should find another fight geeze how many times they gonna fight each other enough already...
Just because you say this one would be for all the marbles isn't good enough for me you can say whatever you want.  The 1st one was for all the marbles too.  But guess what here we are and I don't care what was said we have a legendary rubber match pending and it needs to happen.
Naaa...still Piera??
What Izzy did last night got me inspired afffff.
if the likes of Colby burns chimaev would move up would help izzy even a guy like a bo nickal because rn izzy is in spot jones was at LH there aren't many big contenders he hasn already beat
@Chael the best storyline is Pereira goes to LHW wins Title, defends against Jamahal, then goes down to Izzys weight and fights again
Alex doesn't deserve the immediate. Izzy got it because he's cleared rhe division and no other fight made sense.   Alex needs to beat the top 5 first.
Wow
what in the blue moon hell are you talking about hahahaha
I’m not following, why would we not want to see the fight. Kickboxing and MMA to different sports. The Champions want to know who is the champions champion.
Lmao I wanted to see the rematch
Chael you were never the greatest of all time.  Quit playing yourself.
not happy
Chael, are you sure Kamara isn’t the first to LAP the division ? I think to Lap the division you must have multiple rematches defending the belt. The only title rematch for Izzy is vs. Rob, sure he fought vetori again. Usman got Jorge, Colby, and almost leon
Why does Chael call him Pierra???? Can't he read "Pe-rei-ra"?? Doesn't he correctly hear when other people pronounce the name?? How does he get "Pierra"??.... Wtf, it makes Chael sound like an ignoramus which I know he's not...
I feel Perria gets 1 or even 2 wins, and Izzy has no choice but to just give him a shot again. But listen, Izzy did give Perria a fast track to the belt and Izzy got the rematch because of what he's done and the streak he was on.  Perria could really get into the StyleBenders head that way. 2 dominant wins but either way shout out to the StyleBender for a very good win.
We need it! Uncle Chill we need it!! This is what I'm saying this is a true trilogy! It has to happen! Please make it happen Uncle Chivalry! We need this!
Give it up no one wants to see rob vs Izzy and no one wants to see Alex vs Izzy Alex is a 205lber let the man live!
No need for a rematch... Alex needs to prove himself against seven opponents that Izzy has already fought.
Amen chael… Amen
Who said that Chael? 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Anderson Silva was the greatest middle weight of all time.
Call me crazy but I’d love to see Bobby Knuckles and Izzy do it again.  I thought Whitaker won the last one but it was very close.
At least Izzy knows what’s going on with monster cheal!
Izzy will be loved in sunny rsa   the palace sun city awaits the king of mma  come onnnn dont you guys get it   mamma africa is crying for izzy to come home
I couldn't even watch this whole clip. Who TF puts limits on fighters or fights. It's like he's got a protest flag in his hands, but there's no protest - it's just him
If you didn’t put your hands up and give Izzy your energy you don’t deserve to celebrate
This reminds me exactly of Diaz vs Connor 2 .. The ufc wasn't going to let Diaz keep that win no matter what.... The odds were stacked against Alex
2:20 I love how he mentions Ariel last hahah
... izzy straight up said, that if he wants a rematch then he has to lap. same way he had to up to this point.
I love Alex but he didn't truly earn a shot in the first place and needs to earn a rematch. Izzy deserved a rematch after literally destroying the entire division and after setting that statement after catching him in their last 2 fights prior, Alex needs to earn it.
He said he played opossum to trap him and land the KO like he nearly did in round 1 fight 1. I'm thinking he's not blowing smoke bc you could see him peering through his guard while taking shots against the cage and landed perfectly it actually looks totally controlled not just swinging. Dont think we need fight 3.
Its over. End of story...And you sound mad. You mad bro?
I like Chael, however, to say we don’t wanna see a rematch is company man bullshit. I’d love to see a rematch and if AP asked for it, he should get it. They’re 1-1 in UFC, both KOs. Trilogy rematch. Anything other than that (if AP asks for rematch) is BS. If AP doesn’t ask for it, then that’s a wrap.
Izzy said "I dont keep scores I settle them"
Chael NO ONE has ever said you were the best 185er.... NOBODY 🤣😂
Ahhhhh... . .. Uncle Chael Always delivers!
Chael buggin on this one
Chael, You’re actually part wrong!! In the Pre Fight Presser I distinctly remember Pereira Saying “I won’t fight Adesanya again after this fight”. Go watch it and you’ll see. I think it should be done. At least not until Pereira Beats Top 5 people to get the shot again! He has 0 ground game and needs to be tested with a wrestler.
I called Israel winning, and I'm happy about it... also, Alex needs to move to 205, Israel beats a few people, Alex beats a few people, gets the LHW title, then we get Israel vs Alex 3 for the LHW title - THAT is what the UFC should do, but I'm betting they won't do it cuz they've been making dumb decisions lately, I.E. they're pushing Colby getting a title shot when he's sat out most of the last 2 years.  Izzy's post match comments etc are just a great example of why he's easy to be a fan of & a great fighter / person.  Also, Israel had the fight won in the first round of the first UFC fight, if he had another 5 seconds or so, so I wouldn't say no one wanted this rematch, I definitely did.  I also still think it was a questionable stoppage. At least this one was definitive, Alex was dead as a doornail for a good minute plus.
izzy lured him to open up...then wham
That’s exactly why you talk on YouTube instead of make fights lol
The rubber match doesn’t have to happen right away though. Izzy’s right, Pereira needs to earn the rematch.
Chael’s wife - “what’s for dinner big daddy”  190minutes pass  Chaels wife - “so what’s for dinner again?”  Uhhhh F it, let’s just eat each other for dinner.
Is the Pee era over?
He mocked a 10 year old. He owes.
Chael, who wouldn’t want to watch this fight another 2 times? I know I would!
I'm with Izzy. Alex got fast tracked to a title fight because of the narrative but he didn't prove himself in the division like others have before him. So he gets a title shot just because and a rematch just because?  I'd rather see Aldo vs Conor 2 than watch them fight again
The UFC always books fights that entertain and have a story over what the rankings say.. That’s why this fight will happen again.. and if Izzy loses again we will get a 5th fight, mark my words
Izzy vs khamzat lol
There will probably be another match but not immediate. Let Pereira get a couple wins first. Also he might move to LHW.
Dude, you more than anyone knows this is entertainment.. these fights are as entertaining as they come! We have to see it again! And Izzy owes him one last fight!
They aren't fighting again. Everyone said this is the last fight no matter what. Izzy wins, and we flip on that?
Nothing worth keeping comes easy need to go through the adversity .
Hey Chael, remember the video you made BEFORE this fight? Probably want to forget it now, huh?
This fight is a personal lesson for me that if you fight a guy over and over again instead of taking responsibility for your losses and moving on, he will eventually get bored of hitting you and will let his guard down. I can then talk about it for years to come and refuse a rematch acting as if I was in fact the victor the whole time. Big salute to Izzy.
Yes, happy here. I think Izzy had him in every single fight they had, kickboxing or MMA. Izzy always let him off the hook, especially that last one. I picked Izzy and by the way the last one ended I knew Izzy would take this one. Nobody is asking how Alex comes back from that. He was sleeping for a long time, and almost fell over after he stood up. He was fucked. Starched stiff. Izzy starches him again.
Hey chael, Izzy did actually say this is it “one & Done” and to be honest Izzy slept this guy poatan lol Izzy didn’t get knocked out defending his belt but like he said the hunter became the hunted.. go to sleep!!
Hall vs Alex 205   Isreal vs Robert
I wanted to see this fight at 205
No one has ever said your were the GOAT of anything but this YouTube shit
Id watch these guys fight every weekend. Who wouldn’t?? Every fight is a technical kickboxing war. Dumb take by chael imo
Why the hell not Whitaker vs Perria winner gets the rematch with Izzy??? That looks like the thing that makes the most sense.
Run it again 110%
Tough doesn't always mean good, example: Brian Ortega vs. Max Halloway. Ortega was getting pieced UP, but kept coming back and trying to throw down with Max. He wasn't good enough to win any exchange but he was tough enough to keep coming back and trying with all his heart. I can't ever forget that fight. That's just me tho 😅
If they stop right now they both win. Alex can claim 3-1 against izz and go up in weight while izzy gets the last laugh and the belt.
Speak for yourself, Izzy fans needed to see him get that off his back.
This fight was amazing and I’m so glad that it happened.
10/10 intro
Izzy says it's a closure for him....but one each in the UFC....should be one more fight to settle it ....people still see 1 KO each in MMA but that kickboxing match KO is still there that need closure ..😂
Piera? 😂
Nah we don’t need a rematch Izzy proved AP has too many holes in his game being tricked by the rope a dope is ridiculous
Idk if it’s your speaker but it sounds off
I need the rubber match, make it happen
I think 3 fights in a row with the same guys is too much.
Chael said before this fight that we should live with the outcome no matter what and that Pereira could move up to as high as HW and now he's saying there must be a trilogy? And the reason it won't happen is because Pereira needs to take at least a year off from competition at minimum. That's the type of stoppage that you can't rush back from.
According to Dana and Eugene, Izzy did ask for the rematch and he asked for it quickly too. These narratives are something else, Chael.
Chael i love you but this video is nonsense
What a fight 205 for Alex next right?!?!
best 2 out of 3 is gonna happen.
MAN SHUT UP IT DOESNT MATTER WHAT U WANT...JESUS
At this point Chael's greatness is questionable. Izzy is the goat
Izzy VS Pee Era.
Start pronouncing names right ffs chael you tucked them all up
These fights were so badass but tbh I think it's done.  After that finish. The series between them is closed out. Alex said he would never have to fight him again after this fight and I agree.  Alex needs to move up bb
😂 what about Israel adesanya vs. Connor macgregor. Is this a match that could be setup. I don't know weather Macgregor is still in his prime.
What the fuuuuck are you talking about, everyone asked for this rematch.
Izzy is definitely the greatest MW of all time by far. Right behind Chael of course🤓
Whoever said he was the greatest middle weight 😂
Finish it properly best of 3  Winner takes all
I Love Uncle Chael but he's either bsing or he didn't research. Issy said the Monday after the first MMA fight on Shultz podcast that he already called Dana and the rematch was next.
Would you order a Ppv if it was the trilogy card and was $199 And had as follows   Conor v Nate  Israel v Alex  Francis v stipe  Jones v Cormier  Peña v Nunes  Holyfield V Tyson as prelims
1 and 1 in the ufc
In my humble opinion the fight that makes sense is Jan !!! If that Mofo thinks he can get to 185 let’s skip Whittaker because he already lost twice and let’s put the one guy in the world … the one guy in the world !! That has beat Israel and hasn’t lost to him !   Jan v Israel 2
Izzy lost the first fight because he got cocky after round 3, I've seen these great fighters lose so many times because they were too confident and stopped respecting their enemy in the middle of combat.
Yes.   Im happy.   I called it.  2nd rnd knockout.   I felt like it was a longshot. But.  It wasnt apparently.
100% right.   Fight 3 is a must now!
Its over !!! We all happy!!! IZZY WINS I TOL YOU SO !!
no need another fight . Izzy put him out cold n early too . this was Alex moment to end it but he couldn't
This is the worst take on their rivalry I’ve ever heard. Who tf didn’t want to see them fight?
Kevin vs izzy would be the match to make. He just won and that first fight was a banger! I agree I don’t want to see them fight again these two guys will have no life left in them after another match one is leaving the fight game forever if they fight again and not the same mentally anymore.
How humble of you Chael to say Izzy is the best in the division you dominated for so long!
Alex moves up to 205 and fights winner of jiri vs Hill let's say he wins and becomes the 205 champ then give izzy the chance again to be double champ he moves up and they have the trilogy in 205
Why won’t anyone tell Chael this isn’t his thing.  He’s absolutely wrong about everything.  It might be a 90% record of being wrong.  Nobody wants this rematch.
I’m not a social media guy but did want this rematch 100%.  I don’t want a rematch as they don’t either.  Alex doesn’t want it himself.  He’ll end up at 205.
They finna meet at 205 🥊
Give the next shot to Whittaker. Alex moves up in weight and stops struggling with that massive cut, and a lot of people believe as I do. Whittaker won that last match.
For some reason I think it’s over after adesanya won like this I know the last fights and it’s 1-1 in mma but me personally I feel like it’s over between them Alex moves up adesanya stays champ. I dc to see another one honestly. I just love the story line and adesanya getting his title back that makes me happy watching how much this meant to adesanya!
anyway im gonna eat a donut and calm down now
And not to mention the guys nipples are swollen every other fight due to steroid usage.  He tries desperately to have character, but hes an idiot/piece of shit more than likely.
Y.A.K
Ill put it to you this way Chael.  If Israel doesnt rematch him, he's a coward and ducking him.  If I were a fighter, I would want it to be known.. that the man who beat me 4 times, is no longer capable of doing that.  And landing a lucky punch in 1/4 outings.. isnt proof of that.  its 1-1.. why wouldnt there be a tie breaker?  i know why.  and everyone with a brain knows why.  its like when you're a kid and you clown someone 4 times and then they get lucky once and go 'see im better than you, no rematch!'.  except its a grown man dressed up as a 6/10 jet li movie character, acting like that.  If thats what he wants to do, thats great.  I'll never watch him again, and the guy is a coward.
The master of saying everything and nothing at the same time. Gotta love Chael.
I wanted to see it unc.
Here is the thing. 1. I did want that rematch 2. Periera doesn't deserve a rematch, he didn't even deserve a title shot in the first place. 3. Adesanya deserved the rematch he got because of his resume in the ufc 4. Pereira needs to move up a division 5. All of the above are true and yet I would watch those two beat the shit out of another, everyday of the week
Izzy fan boys dont want the rematch cus izzy just caught alex. Alex is the better fighter
hate to agree but it’s needed
FINALLY SOMEONE TALKING ABOUT THE TRILOGY
Not an izzy fan and never will be. We need one more I know Alex got to comfortable left him self exposed otherwise Alex was on his way to finish izzy again
Who is peehara?
lol nobody says youre the greatest
I would say DJ also ran a lap...
Whyyy Chael? Why? Like fuck man that’s enough
Weird take..
I'm pretty sure Izzy said he was going to immediately use his rematch clause. Am I wrong? 🤔
If that 3rd fight somehow happens lets say by November im convinced izzy flattens pereira again he got knocked out bad.
Middleweight kinda stale now, izzy has dominated it
Completely disagree on an immediate rematch. When you get flatlined like that, you need to take all the time in the world to make sure you recover well. If I were Alex's team, I'd prioritize his long-term health by only allowing him to fight again until 9 months have passed. Unless Izzy agrees to wait a while for Alex to recover and hold up the division, I don't think it's smart for Alex to have another brutal weight cut to 185 within 6 months of a KO loss like that. Stupid Izzy haters will prioritize Izzy losing rather than agreeing that Alex should recover for a while first.
One day part 3 revenge of pereira now he serious
Chael the 110% packed bar I was in last night completely disagrees. A lot of people wanted to see this fight
I was hoping Izzy would lose and fade away into obscurity...100% Sick of that guy.
First off, it's not 3-0 going in. If you take away the 1 robbery during their first meeting it's actually 2-2 now and that's if you want to count kickboxing at all. In the UFC, it's 1-1. I know it hurts most people that Izzy got his revenge and judging by all the hateful racial comments prior to the fight, I'm not surprised you want another one well, that should happen in New Zealand then if ever.
Anderson Silva is the greatest middlweight
Poatan throws that short left hook with his elbow low so he can throw it fast, you don't see it in close range, and when you do, you have to guess if he's throwing it to the body or the head. His head is wide open though. High risk, high reward move. Good for Izzy for figuring it out. He was waiting for it but Poatan was careful in the beginning and he had to play possum to draw it out.
Izzy vs Alex is the greatest rivalry since Conor vs Nate. I hope to see trilogy's for both
This fight was different from Leon Edwards Kamara Usman Israel adesanya vs Alex Pereira more exciting Israel more mentally focussed Chael happy Easter
Listening to Chael , not being able to make anything of what he says but agreeing with him at the end anyway 🤣🤣
Nah...izzy def called for it
I prefer Adesanya as champ. He's more fun. I'm an MMA fan, and Izzy is more entertaining. BTW, I definitely wanted to see them fight again. Didn't know "people didn't ask for it". News to me.
Guys who come in and win a belt and then lose it on their first defense inside of 2 rounds don't deserve an immediate rematch. He needs to go through the division like Whittaker and other fighters have had to. But the reality is he won't, because he's pretty frail mentally and he knows the moment he goes against a wrestle heavy fighter he's going to look silly. Izzy held him down and beat him up for hells sake. Izzy got the immediate rematch because he was winning most of his fight the first time and had already defended several times. Pererria needs to go through the division, but he won't. He will go to light heavyweight.  Also, you may want to double check on the "nobody was calling for this fight" claim, Izzy said "yeah definitely" when a reporter asked him if he thought an immediate rematch needed to happen after the first loss, then he said this week that after the 1st or 2nd day following the loss he knew he wanted the rematch. So it sounds like he wanted it.
Gsp lapped the division , chael.
sooo its basically 1-3 now right? so why is izzy actin like its 3-1 lol?
Sound quality is shit
As a fan of technical top notch mma kickboxing fights. This is as good as it gets & I’d rather see these 2 fight 10 times or more honestly
Their last fights Izzy landed a little more shots. Izzy is clearly the better fighter and faster fighter even his last fights he lost to. He was winning until Alex KO him. Alex power is what saved him from his last fights against Izzy. If Izzy had the power Alex had. Izzy would have won those last fights but he didn't because he won't really have that KO power.  But Izzy finally found a way to get through that Alex power and finally beat him. You Alex fans act like Alex is better even though he really ain't. Really close fight each time and like I said Ozzy was winning eachtime until he got KOed. Alex is obviously just stronger is all other then that Izzy beats him in speed and fight IQ. Good for Izzy for finally getting that win over Alex.
I'm down for Alex V Jan!
Chael “juxtaposition” Sonnen
Chael you’re wrong. Izzy assumed it and Alex knew Izzy had the right. That’s why it wasn’t talked about and the community didn’t make noise around it because it was assumed.
I'm happy, I was rooting for Israel to win.
Pereira TKO'd Izzy but ........ Izzy KNOCKED THE FUQ OUTTA PEREIRA!!!!!!!
There really is no need for another fight. We will not learn anything different. We have seen everything we need to see. Izzy is the better fighter and Alex has the power. If they fight ten times, Alex wins six or seven times and Izzy the rest. Or even the other way round. For these guys to just keep fighting makes no sense. It will tell us nothing about either fighter that we didn’t already know. What is more interesting would be for analysts like Chanel need to analyse what we have already seen and explain if each result was actually justified or told us anything we didn’t know. For example, I believe Izzy won the first kickboxing fight on points and was robbed. I believe Alex got lucky in the second and I believe Izzy was possibly robbed in the first MMA fight. Should a guy out on his feet, like Alex was at the end of the first round be saved by the bell and the ref like Alex was? Was the stoppage really justified? These are the things I would like discussed by those who know more about the sport than I. I don’t believe this is a 3 1 fight. I believe at best it’s a 2 and 2. If anything I think if we are honest we would have to accept that Izzy is the better fighter here and Alex just happens to win on a lucky punch or what we call a puncher’s chance. That’s the honest appraisal here.
No more fights between these two. They are not mixed martial artists. Alex will lose as soon as he fights a well-rounded opponent who can grapple.
Let Alex win his next 2 fights, then we can talk another rematch
Amazing surprising finish. Was expecting him to get his ass kicked again.
I'm happy Chael, I'm happy! Last nights card & undercard were amazing.
I have no interest in an Izzy VS Pereira 3. It's done.
NO MO Fuckin fights, period! We got the strap back, don't go away mad, Just Go Away!😂
Pierre ahhhh
The people in the comments are all Izzy dick riders undefeated and undisputed champ king chael just told me a rematch needs to happen I concur
Izzy got robbed the first, 2nd one he was winning,  3rd Izzy was winning, 4th ko. No need for more
Chael was wrong about this from the start. No one had to call for it, it was obvious. Theres no one else for Izzy to fight. And with this KO I say the rivalry is DEAD EVEN. Izzy has won more rounds, and now we need a UFC trilogy.   This is what it was always going to be, Alex got the belt on a PREMATURE stoppage, this fight looked the exact same if ref lets them fight Izzy KOs Alex the first time and this time.
Izzy is the most disrespect clown in the sport. He thinks he can beat anyone anywhere. In the streets tho pow pow thee end
Alex only got the title shot because of his history with Izzy and Izzy had already beaten everyone worth beating. Perfect storm for Alex to become champ, but we were shown who the real champ is. What an amazing story Izzy has given us, truly the best middleweight we've seen so far.
Chimaev.... problem solved.
No rematch. I don't want to see it.  Didn't want the first one. He fought nobody except Sean and got a title fight. Like to see Chazmat vs Izzy if he can make weight. Alex needs to go up and avenge Glovers loss.
I really think pereira should have to get another win before you put him back for the title. He got knocked the fuck out in the second round. I don’t think someone with no title defenses and 2 fights against top contenders should get an immediate rematch. Izzy’s resume speaks for itself and it was pretty obvious he was gonna get a rematch.
Hundred percent agree that they should have a rubber match for this fight. I mean one win for Piereia was a CLOSE decision win. One win was a knockout, and one win was a TKO. Then Izzy won by knockout. He needs one more win and they are even, if you want to look at it that way, but in this case they've fought twice, Izzy got koed and then Piereia got koed. In any other situation if you look at it just from their fights in the UFC, there has to be a trilogy fight. It has to happen.
They just can’t fight again, cause if Alex wins the 5th fight then you can’t really turn down a 6th fight if Izzy requests it. When’s it stop if they just keep exchanging wins back and forth ? It’s gotta be nipped in the bud like they did for the Figgy/Moreno fights. You can only watch two guys fight so many times lol even if it’s awesome like this rivalry or the Figgy/Moreno fights. Plus it holds up the division, you can’t really deny the winner of Costa vs Khamzat fight. Eh maybe you can cause Costa has already lost to Izzy, but it’s gotta be respected if he beats Chimaev. You can’t beat him & give him his first loss & then go one and fight somebody else. If you stop that hype train you should be granted a shot. Nobody wants to fight that man & Holland & now Costa have realized this & know if they beat him then their clout and momentum and case for a title shot goes way up. Slaying the Boogeyman means a lot & skyrockets your clout. Shit even in a loss, Burns upped his reputation for not only fighting him but hurting him & making him look human multiple times
Izzy beats Poatan again in a rematch.
Actually nobody said that it should be ended here nobody dropped it Chael. Literally if you go to Israel Adesanya's YouTube channel, almost every video leading up to this fight was at least 25% of the comments saying, "4-0"
That isn't true Izzy was strong on wanting the rematch.
Everyone wanted a rematch, it’s now that I’m confused why people don’t want another. Fair play to Izzy but he wasn’t dominating up until that point and Alex clearing underestimated him, a rematch is needed, even just for Alex’s kid to get revenge on Izzy for his pathetic move
uncle chael is still undefeated!!!  GOAT!!!
Give me Whittaker vs Alex and the winner of that gets Izzy for the 3rd time
With all due respect Chael Izzy has said “1 and done” a lot leading up to this. He’s also said he just wants to beat him. Izzy also did say he wanted the fight right after the first one on flagrant. Unless your talking about it not being pushed enough for casual fans to know, in that case yes but technically they did both those things
Perirar is done now. He won't make it at 205
Piera 😂
Is Alex’s tough weight cut the equalizer to the size advantage because surely Izzy doesn’t cut at all does he and isn’t that an advantage because a dehydrated opponent is easer to knock out? Just curious if I’m making a valid point lol…either way got it done way to go Izzy! ;)
This Piera guy must be something else.
Chael its Pereira vs Whitaker next, then Peirera vs another top 5 before Izzy again. Meanwhile can try light heavyweight again! if Pereira moves up, 185 remains in limbo
To answer your question: Yes, I am very happy. I like Izzy and I don't like Alex. 🤷‍♂
Izzy and Dana did in the presser. Dana saaid Alex 205 because he had 1 hour to cut 2lbs so he expects it and Izzy says now Alex has to go through the gauntlet because HE allowed the fast track to the title
We went to Miami,we heard those strikes…..Alex might have seen where the Illuminati live before waking up…..my guy was out out. Yeah, he should go up to 205 right now.❤️
If ufc they are 1 and 1 they need another. Izzy is better Izzy hurt Alex first fight and has more time this fight to finish. I think anyone can win but Izzy is the better fighter.
Screw Izzy bud. You are the greatest middleweight, quicktalker of all time! It’s a blessing!
I really don’t wanna see a 5th fight. And Alex has a great case for a rematch. He’s 3-1 against Izzy with 2 KO’s you can’t really deny him with a good reason besides just saying you’re fighting each other too much.  Edit** the term “lapped your division” was for sure being used to describe Jon Jones first title run. Cleared everyone and ended up having to fight a hyped up MW named Chael Sonnen.
No need for a third fight. Izzy was the best fighter in both fights. AP just got lucky in the last round of the 1st fight.
What an analysis & Breakdown. I now can answer why I never wanted this fight to happen despite tending to back izzy. I now know I HAVE to have a #4  it just doesn't feel right to leave it here.  Please someone tell us   THIS IS IT   & book the thing ALREADY. I'd go to watch it weather it happens in the everglades swamp otr a tip of iceberg somewhere. 🤷
Dj lapped bantamweight twice but Chael has cushion for shit like that....
Holy shit...I just realized that even though I kept telling my friends that I REALLY wanted this rematch over and over and over, that in reality I actually did not do that even though I totally did...but somehow I didn't. Chael is spot on! 😰
Izzy said it was done,' there was nothing else to do, Alex is going to 205 anyway, so God help them boys up there"
They don't need to fight again. Alex should move up.
Need another fight 100%
you talk some rubbish mate. you think way too much about it. bro it’s settled. Relax chael. Bro was sleeping for a couple minutes. You think business too much
Should be MMA trilogy based on the math, Whittaker fights khamzat for title shot after that. Had pereiera not gotten emotional he would have kept picking Izzy apart, and the leg damage was already done on Izzy.
I feel like Alex has to fight Whittaker or Vettori and then the winner rematches Izzy...He's just so good that he's defending his title vs the top 5 contenders on repeat
I don't think we need another..
Izzy demanded the fight in the post fight press of their 1st mma fight.
Islam VS izzy
It's a good closure... Pereira Will go up a weight class
Izzy said he was playing possum but I’m not sure. I think his leg got hurt(it buckled) and Alex saw that and starting putting pressure on was landing big shots like in 1st UFC fight and Izzy backed against cage(like in 1st fight) and Izzy just swung in defense and it landed. Not sure it was on purpose
He took a dive
Chaels joke about himself not being the best of all time gave me giggles. It's like an April fool's video.
No need a for a rematch he knocked him out in the second round. And the first fight Izzy was beating him till the last round.
Israel had built in excuses so I don't respect him as much n he ain't no style bender n how many times we seen in movies that wen u think u defeated the boogie man but u know u can't defeat him n that's this bcuz to me Israel sucks
STOP SCREAMING !
Simple Math why Chael is the greatest Middle weight of all time... just look at the stats  Israel:  24 Total wins  2 losses  16 wins by way of knockout  7 wins by decision   Uncle Chanel: 45 Total wins  0 losses (never loss not even a ROUND!)  45 wins by way of knock out 45 wins by submission 45 wins by Unanimous decision.
That Pereira is one tough guy n Israel should wait bcuz I'm telling u this isn't gonna happen again
Uncle Chael Israel got lucky n Silva was way better than Israel
When the undefeated, undisputed Champion calls you the best, you know you're good
Talk about only as good as your last fight,  smh ,goes from getting ko'd to greatest middle weight of all time lmao
I could have count Pereira 1-100 and he could still sleep
I hate when the ufc does the same match over and over like figgy Moreno or usman Leon but middleweight is kinda weird I think khamzat genuinely deserves the title shot over everyone else
Chael was totally wrong about “nobody wants to see them fight again” huuuuuuuge PPV sales.
I literally jumped out of my seat good stuff from Izzy last night frfr
Would you like to see a football final played three times same year?
Say it with me Chael, Pa-ray-uh not Peeair
Izzy is great fighter but can’t stand him think there has to be rematch I think Alex will win.
Dana told after last fight that this is the last one,no mater who wins, Look that post fight conference
It’s 1-1 kickboxing is a different sport we weren’t talking about bullets victories over Joanna in kickboxing before and adding to the record
I think we're all in agreement we all wanted the rematch until Chael made us realize that we don't actually want things that we ask for.
No way he's the greatest mw over Silva.
I wasn't dying to see the rematch because I honestly thought Pereira had Izzy pegged... I'm so glad I watched it.
Alex only got the first fight because he’s fought izzy before the history was what got him the fight we don’t need another fight unless Alex proves he can walk through the division   The biggest fights to make are Alex vs Marvin or Whitaker if he doesn’t move up to 205  And Izzy vs khamzat if  khamzat can get another win in middle weight   We know izzy can beat Alex and Alex can beat izzy them in third fight in the ufc right now will be izzy win for sure especially since Alex never respected his power before all we will see is a now caution Alex getting picked apart by izzy
Dana White will not let Alex fight again in the middleweight division. (205 lbs)
There has to has to be a trilogy!
@chael. It’s time for @dricusduplesis to enter the “arena”.  Remember me and quote me when it happens. I’m right and you owe me my dues. Remember, Dricus will be champ and no one will believe. He will steal it from all.
loved to see it but i think alex needs to win some top 5 fighters in middle weight before another rematch but even better i think he should try lhw i think he could dominate there for sure. Im a big izzy fan so i wanted him to win but ive also become a fan of alex because of his story. Would like to see his greatness continue with flatlining people in lhw
Stop talking shit Chael and trying to turn the UFC into WWE with these manfactured rivalries.  Alex will move up in weight and smash people.
Izzy saved his Legacy But Alex will go down in history for Beating him thrice finished him in 2 different sports and still a 5th between them is appealing Alex made a mistake he can rectify in the 5th fight
Pereira won = you don't wanna see a rematch  Izzy won - need a rematch immediately   Got it
Chael sonnen is the only man on earth known to kick a man in the back of the face
TRILOGY, PLEASE!!!
Everyone wanted this fight !
Chael you have become a UFC hack. It's become so obvious that all Your opinions are paid for by the UFC.
Am I happy? Yes 🙌  Shut up Chale
By the way isreal doesn't owe periera shit. Fuk that rematch
Ummm both izzy and Alex said this was the last time lol
Being that a big part of fighting is spiritual I wonder if people realize how much righteousness one must have to overcome the demons Israel was dealing with when it came to periera.
What are you talking about? This is meant to go 3 in the UFC. Or are you just trolling us? Guys like Jones and Izzy should be role models as far as how they go about training for big fights and or comebacks. Hope McNuggets is listening.
Chael is wrong on 2 things but his sediment is correct. Izzy was on FLAGRANT the night after the KO loss and guaranteed everybody a rematch. Every fan made poll i seen on YouTube and Reddit had Alex vs Izzy as the overwhelming favorite next middleweight rematch fight with Whittaker 2nd and Khamzat 3rd on average on most polls. So a fighter wanted the fight and the fans wanted to fight thats debugged. But Chael is completely correct that we need to see it again. These guys are 1A and 1B in the weight class, they already have a rivalry, media/fans are excited for it. Izzy says he doesn't keep score but HISTORY does and 3-1 doesn't allow you to not compete against Alex again like as if he's big brother and you finally beat him now you'll never play them again.
I want another match but at 205
Personally. I don’t think you do the trilogy. At least not yet. For 3 reasons.   1. This win for Izzy is one of the best moments in MMA history. And if they fight again, I feel it takes away from that win or lose.  2. Alex hasn’t earned it. He got fast tracked to the title, and many MMA fans don’t think he can beat some of the top contenders in the division (Whittaker).  3. He wants to go to light heavyweight. Win or lose if they immediately rematch he is leaving the division, which is AWFUL for the middleweight division if Alex wins the rematch. As he will win the title, then leave, leaving the middle weigh division without a true champ.   The only way there should be a rematch is if either Alex fights and beats some top contenders in the division. Or goes up to light heavyweight and wins the belt, then you can do Izzy vs Alex again.
They did say that both fighter said this is the last no matter how it goes
I'm honestly good on another Izzy poaton fight. Pereira needs to move up he's too damn big for 185
Chael is the modern day Homer of combat sports. The way this man tells a story is incredible.
huh, uncle chael... i love you but i wanted to see this rematch! I suck in life!!!why???
That was awesome, Izzy did his thing, slayed the giant.
Still can't say Alex's last name right lol
senor Chael - puh-rare-uh
Pereira going to 205 to fight Hill and will win avenging Glover’s loss, Izzy will fight whoever, and go up to 205 next year to try and claim double champ again PLUS resolving the ufc true trilogy you just laid out. BOOK IT
3 to 1. Izzy still way down
IDK What in the world Cheal is talking about Everybody wanted to see the rematch between Izzy and Alex honestly. This was the most anticipated fight of the year and the whole card was awesome MIA was Great and Anderson Silva is the greatest MW Champion of All Time Chael just Salty cause Silva Smoked Him Twice lol
Hell no we don't want anorher immediate rematch. Izzy MUST fight Rob next. Alex MUST fight Vettori. Khamzat MUST fight Costa.  Anyone that says anything else is an idiot.
Israel walks away with the gold end of story😂😂😂🎉
Alex needs to earn another shot. He was given a gift with this opportunity
I’m curious what the angle is w this narrative that no one wanted to see this fight 🤣🤣🤣 I’m really lost on that one and especially would have been lost if they didn’t do the rematch LOL
I asked for this rematch Chael.... A lot of people did Chael.
Chatting shit. I wanted to see this rematch, it was iconic.
Izzy will run from the rematch cause he got lucky he threw everything in that punch with his eyes closed as a last hurrah and got lucky
Fixed. He didn’t even hit him. WWUFC.
Just do Izzy vs chimaev. Alex vs Whittaker.
The Fight was Rigged... Slow Motion is a great tool
Alex looked dumb in there, you’re just going to tee off on an elite striker with wrekless abandon cause you kicked his calf…… strange.  Alex needs to watch Burns fight Masvidal and take notes.  Burns even stunned Masvidal a few times and stayed cautious!   Alex lands a leg kick and goes in for the finish!!   Lmao.   Dopey.
I like It. Now Alex need more fights tô be able tô dispute again
FINALLY YOU ON POINT. A TRUE TRILOGY. THESE TWO ARE GREAT KNOCK OUT ARTIST! TIE BREAKER NEEDED FOR MMA
Nobody wanted to see it? but Izzy deserved a rematch. It was his belt, he lost it the first time he got it back the 2nd time. Now there's a possible 3rd.
If alex would continue with two more knees rather then taking a step back and starting to punch it would have been his
The fight was fix don't try to bullshit us when you don't make money they pay you to lay down he layer down
Not happy, Izzys the biggest clown.  Hope to see Alex at 205 knocking fools out, asap.
Uncle Chael sounding and looking like a company man giving off high voltage Danaganda 😅
How humble of the goat to say Izzy is the greatest middleweight of all time
Did Chael say some people say HE is the best of all time 😂?
We should just be glad we can finally move on with it. Would love to see Izzy Vs Driccus
Where is video dude 😤😤😤
Pereira 3 vs Israel 1. We do not need it, but if they want to fight, we are here to watch.
Given how they had a talk after the fight, the post fight interviews, Alex's interest in moving to LHW, what Dana said and overall reaction to the fight. I don't think we need or will have another fight. It was a nice end to that rivalry, I feel weirdly at peace with how it turned out and left with so much admiration for both fighters.
Please don't give us a f*ing third mma fight immediately. If you get flatlined in the second round on your first title defense ever, you do not deserve an immediate title fight rematch. Hell.... f*ing... NO.  Serra didn't get a trilogy rematch after GSP dominated him, they were 1-1. Alex needs to go to 205. They settled their rivalry 2-2 against each other (the 3-1 is an objective lie, everyone knows izzy won the first bout) and have definitively proven they are equals. We've seen them fight enough times.  Also wtf chael... literally EVERYONE wanted a rematch after Izzy lost 😂
bro chael is such a inbred sometimes, israel literally said on flagrant the POD U were on , Izzy's literal first words were of course i want that
Izzy is the best middleweight of all time? I guess Anderson Silva was a journeyman. Chael is an idiot. Bad Guy Inc? More like “Bad Commentary Inc”
Izzy winning this fight was the worst thing that could've happened to the 185 division.... If he's not doing the trilogy with Alex, it has to be Chimaev next....
I still think Anderson Silvia is the best MW champion ever
Chael: "Pierrea" *15 seconds later*  Chael: "Peera"
I don’t think we need a 3rd fight , Izzy KO him in a clean way…. There is no doubt Pereira got lucky on there 1st fight . If the fight would’ve gone to the judges ..well then we might be thinking in a Trilogy. If Pereira really wants a new Title shot he must beat every single one on the TOP 5 , the best for Pereira is to move up to 205
lose because he illegally hit the back of his opponent's head. Knocking someone out by hitting the back of the head is not allowed.
If it's true that they didn't call for this fight, but got it, why isn't Masvidal being told to fight Covington again? He can't legitimately talk Championship fight unless he beats Covington. Of course, you and I know that he can't beat Covington. Therefore, he can't be the Champion. This is coming from a real Masvidal fan from way back in the Kimbo days. I want Jorge to either finish Covington or to quit talking Championship. That's how fighting works.
Rubber match
Did he just say pee era
You might be the worst person of all time at saying names correctly. You have to be doing it on purpose.
What ever happened to the term "rubber match"? It'd be the 5th fight though...
Hes def number 3. #1 is Uncle Chael. #2 is Anderson Silva, #3 is Izzy
He beats Pereira once and the whole world immediately starts wiping his ass for him like when he was a kid.
Izzy immediately says he doesn't want to fight him again.
Who's Piera?
I'm a Izzy fan he's been my favorite fighter since he came into the UFC but I think we need to see a 3rd fight. As much as I want to say it's over an Izzy won the facts are they're 1-1 in the octagon and I know Izzy could've just avoided exchanging in the 5th rd of the first fight and won without a doubt but we need a trilogy and I respect Chael but often disagree with some of his takes on fighting but he's definitely right on this one. Robert is a stud but we don't need to see that fight again. Congrats Izzy though he's an amazing fighter/athlete
And the reigning, undefeated and undesputed  Champion  still DJ Trump
Personally I wanted this rematch to happen as soon as possible and my guy Izzy got the job done
We DO NOT need another rematch! Let him earn his way back. Alex never defended his belt and literally got lucky in they’re last fight the bell rang because he was going to get slept
Pareira should move on to 205 which is around his natural weight.  On his first UFC fight with Izzy, Pereira almost got knocked out in the first around and the bell saved him.  In his second fight with Izzy, he got knocked out in the second round.  Pereira and Izzy in another third UFC fight would be a risk for Pereira because if he looses to Izzy, that will ruin his changes of moving on to 205.  Izzy loosing against Pereira in a third fight wouldn't mean much to Izzy because we all know that Pereira is the bigger fighter.   Besides, Pereira has nothing to prove against Izzy because he already defeated him 3 times and they are not in the same weight class. Seeing Pereira in 205 will be very exciting in that weight class.
Izzy was a champion and had 7 title defense… bro what do u mean why did he get a rematch ? lol
Not happy
Definitely no#3 is needed!!!! Even Izzy knows he HAS to fight pereira to TRULY signify his dominance over pereira as the better fighter! Bkuz In their UFC record they are both 1 up! To remove any doubt a 3rd match is required to settle the score!!! Knowing Izzy as he is a true martial artist he will most likely take that fight to end all the smack that the haters continue to spew as they consider this fight 3-1 in Alex’s favour. If Izzy wins the next fight his legendary status will skyrocket even further as THEE GOAT🙌🙌🙌🙌
Saying no one asked for the rematch is just stupid.. everyone asked for it, especially izzy, but NOW we're not asking for it and Chael is🤦
I want periera to go for revenge for glover and fight jiri and hill
NOBODY except Chaels 3rd person says  he's the greatest middle weight.  Greatest shit talker. Absolutely
Me: This fight was FN amazing! Chael: You hated this fight.  Me: 🤔
Man can Chael talk😂 Alex doesn’t deserve a 3rd fight unless Izzy really wants it. His career in the UFC before getting a title fight was 2 nobody’s and Sean Strickland. Never has that happened so quick  He was fast tracked strictly for Izzy. Izzy dominated him 4.5 rounds 1st fight before ko and just brutally KOd him this fight. I don’t need to see anymore, UFC made its money from making this a story and izzy got his revenge.  It’s done done. Honestly 205 is perfect for him being all top fighters are standup and he’s meant for that weight class.
Chael Sonnen is a True American Gayster
Rematch. It’s only right.
Last time I was this excited for a fight was Chael vs Silva... Of course I didn't get the outcome I wanted either time, however, the build up to the fight got me so very invested in it. I need the trilogy like it's Nate Vs Conner...
Izzy would win again. He now understands his oponents weakness. Plus, did you notice Izzy kept that punch stat high and didn't take a break. Pirera should move to heavy weight. I think he was drained this time.
GOAT at middle? Two words: The Spider.
The only person who ever said Chael was the greatest Middle Weight is Chael.
Chael is such an amazing and charismatic speaker that he actually convinced us that someone other than himself is the best middleweight of all time. Just kidding. Not even Chael can fool us into thinking someone is better than him.
I wish I could say I knew he would win, but I was counting him out. I was sure Alex would tko him in round 3 or 4. I’m incredibly impressed, what a brutal knockout
I cannot find a single video of the knockout it's so irritating. All I find is the stupid ending results
Lol he should move to 205....
I just wish theyd put Peirerra against literally anyone else in the top 5 of that division and expose the shit out of his grappling. Izzy is the only top guy he ever had a chance of beating in this division (that is hyperbole dipshits), but Alex's wrestling off and def is absolute garbo darbo. Marvin, Costa, Whittaker, shit even Cannonier, Alex loses to every one of those guys save a stray left hand on the chin. Dude is an amazing kickboxer, but he doesn't belong here.
I think Whitaker deserves the shot before Alex.
I mean, if Alex stays at 185, what other fight do we really need to watch. In any case, dont every champ get a chance to win back the belt?
Francis didn't leave.  dana booted his punk ass out the ufc bc he a greedy entitled victim turd 😂 everybody know francis made the worst decision of his life😅😢
We want Pereira vs Whittaker
I agree all of this
Crazy how adesanya behaved like a 5 year and taunted the son of his opponent. Talk about BM.
This is a fight where u don’t want a trilogy .
he gave izzy 3 rematches , if anybody thinks izzy shouldn't give alex a rematch , that is just wrong.
Still 3-1
Give it a Year . Let the heavyweight Alex get even better so StyleBender can do what he does best ❤😅❤
Just think about it, Adesanya vs Gastelum 2 or Strickland. Would be good, fun break after all that periera stuff.
It's always awesome to see someone willing to put it all on the line and overcome something that very few people thought he could.
Uncle Chaels unique and....contraryan  opinions is why we are fans lol.
Let them fight other people
I think Pereira should go up to 205.
We need one more fight... It's 4 - 1 ... Alex needs an immediate rematch... He truly deserves it
10 title fights in a row for Izzy. Took 2 loses in those fights as well. For him to come back from those loses might be the most impressive part of it.
AP should fight people on the line from 6th tru up to 1
Who said chael is the greatest middleweight of all time? 😅😅
Sir Izzy introduced AP to  Nature
Izzy the Goat of the division
I love This Chairman
Pereira v Chimaev should be the next fight. That’s the fight I’m most into
Alex was up 3-0 and Izzy got an immediate rematch. I get Alex hasn’t been in the ufc long and two fights were in kick boxing BUT if Alex stays at MW how can he NOT get the title shot? Technically he’s up 3-0 but it’s a “trilogy” in the ufc and it NEEDS TO BE SETTLED. If Izzy turns it down he should be STRIPPED. Alex deserves that rematch if he wants it.
i dont really care to see a 5th fight.. like how many times they gotta do it over. time to move on.
Izzy got pretty lucky.  He for sure wasent just playing possum.  He was losing that fight until the knock out. Alex was more technical this time than izzy.
Chairman I de vex for you oo for not believing Izzy can pull this off! Izzy Gives real defination of working smart to working hard!! Izzy is a dangerous man in a skinny body. Small body but big engine
Pfft I wanted to see this fight so badly.  I rushed home from work got set up.  Whole family was here. Hell yea we wanted that rematch.
We don't.
Izzy said this was  it  I have to win or it’s over. Izzy already saying he isn’t going to give a rematch.
Pereira to stiff
it was good for the ufc i hope they have a third fight , i picked alex but good on izzy for the right hand , izzy came forward alot more
Izzy has only lost 1 fight at MW and had to go up and fight a 230lb monster because he cleaned out the division so massively. Let him fight Khamzat and let Alex go to 205. Nobody wants to see this fight again.
oh yeah Chael, we happy
Dude just lost… just have him fight Robert W. Why fight Izzy again… fight Robert and beat him… then fight Izzy again. I don’t want to see him fight Izzy for the 5th (6th?) time… wtf.
Izzy got lucky
Truly Truly Lost Respect for you and the channel. The bash talk you made before this Legendary match will forever be unforgettable to think your channel brought Love and Joy for the sport hosted by the UFC Legend. Hope you see your bad judgement
How can he be the greatest mid weight of all time when we have uncle chae undisputed undefeated for the last 20 years.
Crazy how the only fight Alex was really winning he gets caught.. should have been patient and waited. Izzys leg was compromised
This makes me feel DC should fight Jon Jones 4 times too
I legit almost fell from the nose bleeds of the Kaseya Center in celebration when Izzy caught  Pereira with that 1st right I knew it was over!!!
but i did wanna watch the rematch and i do wanna watch the trilogy as well
Dumb now you know Izzy is the greatest off all times
Unless Izzy is Moving up to Lightheavy Weight, there won't be a 3rd Fight.  Alex is To Big for Middleweight.
How someone can make money from going back and forth for 8 minutes to eventually say nothing at all is beyond me lol.
We need the final fight
Izzy vs Pea-era
If I’m in the light heavyweight division I’m thinking on the bright side if can get knocked out in middleweight it shouldn’t be as hard to do it here
Chael i’m sorry… the UFC won’t make the trilogy. Too risky for Pereira to potentially beat Izzy again and lose in his very next fight against a Whittaker/Chimaev… The Ufc needs a long reigning champ at middleweight to sell PPVs like Izzy
I’d prefer not to see the third bith we’re good fights I’m just not interested in it
This is what happened when you have horrible coaches on Pereira side, all he needs just dance around for 5 rounds and win by points. It's not rocket science. Izzy will win again simply because of good strategy game plan. I dont understand how dumb coaches can give strategy planning and still employed. Now perreira has to chase izzy again, same result will happen. Dumb corner make a big difference.
Chael saying that Izzy started the notion of lapping the division but Chael also has said GSP lapped the division and Usman even tried to do that himself...
How often do we get a third fight? Matt Sierra didn't get a rematch vs Matt Hughes, Vitor didn't get one vs Randy Couture. I'm having trouble thinking of other times we've been in this situation.
I genuinely have no idea what Chael is talking about with "nobody asked for this rematch".... I'm pretty sure every fight fan wanted this fight and knew it would have to happen. Izzy also immediately stated he was going for a rematch after the last fight lol Chael really fried.
many have said "I am the greatest of all time"
Poatan said he wont be facing Izzy after this, and he didn't clarify by saying if he wins.
I think Izzy vs chimaev is the fight to make. I think Alex should move up to LHW and I don’t think there’s much of an appetite for Whitaker vs Izzy 3.
Kumaru actually started lapping and Izzy’s masterclass note taking benefited.
Nah on the rematch we need rob vs Alex
They need another rematch
yes I'm happy
Absolutely happy, yes. Izzy was always technically better and won more minutes/rounds. This time, he just sealed the deal with arrows through Pereira's heart.  If Pereira wants to try middleweight again, then I recommend him fighting Khamzat.  Actually, Khamzat vs Shavkat, then winner of those two, vs the winner of Pereira and Bobby Knuckles.
maybe my recency bais is talking but Izzy made a good point. He himself opened the path for  Pereira, dominated him (competitively) got struck in the fifth. 2nd fight Izzy shuts his lights out. I mean how do yall feel?
"Nobody asked for this rematch" because everyone wanted Izzy to lose because he's not having slugfests for the crybaby fans entertainment. This is the only reason Alex got the shot so quickly in the first place. They needed someone that could beat Izzy because he'd done it twice already. So noooooow that he's won the belt back your talking about a rematch huh? Say you don't want Izzy to be champ without saying you don't want him to be the champ 😅
The only rematch I want to see is Chael vs Anderson, it would be nice if Uncle Chael gave the Spider a shot at redemption.
Cheered, great win
Izzy and peirera both said there wouldnt be another fight after 287. And now dana has said the rematch isnt the next fight on the table in the post fight presser. Chaels out of touch
What do I think, Uncle Chael? Well... we all understand that Alex Pereira is a weight bully, the same way Conor was a weight bully at 145. Conor isn't all that special at 155, it turns out. So now we want to see what happens to Pereira at 205. Maybe his power doesn't meant as much against guys like Jamahal Hill...  Izzy is not a weight bully. He is exactly the right size for Middleweight, which he proved when he went to Light Heavyweight weighing in under the limit. So let Poatan shake his scary air of invincibility in the LHW division. If Poatan wants, he can come back down to Middleweight and get an immdiate title shot in that division, regardless of where is in the LHW rankings.  Izzy should never fight Poatan at 205 lbs though
Have to have a third fight, immediately
Izzy called for it immediately, you’re wrong
Alex & Izzy: 1 & 1 in the UFC.
Worse video ever Chael.
Cheal needs to start writing some notes instead of just talking
I’m very happy
So is the question do we want to see a 50/50 fight or see Whitaker lose again?
Dang, he has so much respect for these men that he sounds in pain about these two fighting. Smartest man on the planet.
For their UFC fights, not kickboxing:  Izzy v Pereira 1 = Fury v Wilder 1 Izzy vs Pereira 2 = Fury v Wilder 2 Izzy vs Pereira 3 = Fury v Wilder 3
How does chael talk for nearly 8 min and not say anything?
Yes Chael lets do rematch
Chael you got too at least be a champion,,too be in the greatest middle weight conversation
Ahhh, old Alex Pierra
Didn’t Usman start the “lapping” ?
Don’t know who said Chael was the best middle weight of all time
But Addlasagna said he wouldn’t fight him again.. because he knows he just got his one and only win.. Alex KO’s Izzy 9 times outta 10.
Best of 15 series
Iz really don’t wanna take a chance on fighting him again cuz he knows he’s one punch away from losing.. he has a good excuse tho but if he really was a gun/goon/believed in himself he wud fight him again… he also thinks he’s did enough for his legacy so he feels he cud get away with that, but his legacy wud be on another level and show u what kind of hall of gamer he is if he wanted or didn’t mind taking that fight again.. 👊🏾☝🏾💪🏾🐾
Third fight happens at end of year, nobody wants to see rob and izzy the outcome of that one will never change. Izzy and his arch rival now thats one that has to be settled its a true winner take all fight with the loser leaving the division. I think thats how it gets marketed.
No one has to ask. It was common sense there would be a rematch
Whittaker vs Alex. Izzy vs Chimaev
Izzy only fought whittaker twice, correct? Lapping the division isn’t accurate
"Pee-era" I swear I've never heard a fighters name be misprouncinced so many times in so many different ways. Everyone has a different version 😅
Guys have fought off the fence before, but  this is a "rope a dope "moment in MMA.  I found myself yelling get of the fence.   Like Ali Formen.   It may be an Ali/ Frazier UFC trilogy.
Agreed. Rubber match is needed to figure out is the better fighter then Pereira moves up
Lapping guys was brought up because of Usman first then Israel
Izzy did say that many times chael
We do not need a rematch.
Adesanya already said it. He doesnt want to fight Alex again.
Beats him one out of four times. I guess in baseball terms .250 aint bad
Izzy has Dana White protection 😅😅😅 he wanna protect Izzy’s legacy and will not give the rematch
Considering Whittaker got robbed the last time against Izzy I would love to see Whittaker get another shot and hopefully not get robbed again!
“Many have said I’m the greatest off all time”, don’t be humble chael like u don’t 100% agree. 50-0 speaks for its self, undisputed, never lost a round.
Whittaker - Izzy makes no sense. If Izzy is gonna be a sissy and not fight Alex then you make him fight Chimiev.
as someone who wanted the rematch, i think i speak for all of us when i say that none of us wanted this rematch
The only guy in ufc history who has grown a boob, been tested like 1 time in the same year hes grown a boob he finally beats Alex  lol   Idk this fight felt like a pretty big fight to me. And I’d hope issy will give the guy who beat him 3 times a rematch after getting the jump on him
Big miss for izzy in my opinion with all the egocentric crap afterwards!! Had he came from a place of humility? Could have became a worldwide icon instantly!
I demand a 3rd fight. I feel like Izzy is a sissy for saying he wouldn’t fight him again without him earning it. Izzy was not playing possum he was losing that fight. He owes him a 3rd fight. He earned it when he slept Izzy 2x.
Nah it’s a good place to leave it..for now.khamzat vs Whitaker gets the next shot.hopefully khamzat wins.
Izzy did say this was the last one. The Izzy says “one and done” clips were all over the place.
Izzy is a genius. The way he went back and pretended he was gassed and protected himself and then BOOM. Honestly it’s not the strongest fighters that win but certainly the smartest
To be called the greatest middle weight of all time by the greatest middle weight of all time is high praise.
no. not at all. izzy closed his eyes and threw. was losing till that point isnt that the same thing he kept saying after he got beat up last time? izzy caught lightening in a bottle and wants to run as far as possible from alex as he can.
Sometimes I click on Sonnen's videos to see what a great fighter has to say on a topic. Then I remember he just talks bananas
Bo Nickal and Kumshot will be coming for Izzy soon.
rematch are earned not given by white guys for white guy reasons , dumbasss
Izzy does not want that third fight at all. Congrats to him but let’s not act like he wasn’t on his way to getting sparked out himself. His legs were getting torn up and he wasn’t going to make it though another round of he didn’t put him out. A bit of a Leon Edwards situation, so I think if Pereira can still make weight a 3rd fight is definitely warranted.
Wow good job it took you 4 fights to win hooray…..
pe · rei · ruh
izzy is the best middleweight of all time? better than a prime anderson silva?
Honestly yeah I’m good let Alex fight someone else now  I feel like he finished the story the way it was played out.
Dana said he would you like to see Alex moving up to heavier devision
bye bye perreria
Best case scenario for Izzy Alex goes up and gets the LH belt and be then he goes up for the double champ rubber match GOAT fight
Izzy will never take this fight again. Even tho he is 1-1 in mma and 0-2 in kickboxing. It's like getting extra change given back for a coffee, your outta there.
I want to see Izzy call out Jamal Hill, there is no way I want to see a rematch with Alex P
I gotta say it's great to see people show so much respect to Izzy after this. I know a lot of people felt some type of way about his fights, and this was his chance to show us he could overcome adversity and he did. The mental strength required to stand in front of someone who's had your number like Alex has and do that to him, it's just incredible.
The numbers tell a different story
1-3 king 💪👑
Chael 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️ 1. We all wanted the rematch  2. Izzy said severally that this is his last shot at Alex 3. Alex said he is not fighting Izzy again after this  All these were echoed in the pre fight conference Chael 😊
Sorry. This is done. These 2 Have Fought Way too many times and we're done with it.  Time for new chapters.
I’m happy. Alex was frozen like elsa. He needs to go to 205
Lmao i fucking love Chael
Another rematch is far more entertaining and makes far more money than a Robert Whittaker fight it’s as simple as that
Lol
It's time for Alex to fight Whittaker, Cannonier, and Vitori. If he earns it back up, the trilogy will be earned. The first fight was a gift. He's not the true number 2, he's a matchup #2 against this particular champ, not against his peers
Izzy wanted the fight what are you talking about...and i wanted it
I wanted to see the rematch… but chael says that I didn’t… so that’s that
Gotta love a 33 year old man shit talking poatan’s 13 year old son smh absolute coward and pathetic
This just isnt sitting well with me.  You fight until izzy wins and now it's over?
I think uncle C is way off on this one. Just my opinion.
TRILOGY
EXTATIC
I didn't want to see Izzy get his ass kicked again
There needs to be another rematch. You can't just make endless fights until Alex loses one fight, and then be calling Izzy the 🐐  😂
Chael, if I’m not mistaken, Izzy said all week “this is it, 1 and done”. Did he not mean this is for all the marbles and this will never happen again?
So tired of the rematches.  You loose you need to win 1 or 2 then get another shot.  The 125 division has been held up 2 or 3 years because of this.  How can contenders get a shot at a title that 2 guys fight over eternally.  Just makes no sense to me .
This is the fight we want, unpredicatable and could go either way everytime.
Israel out of Sonya
Ok set up perira for light heavyweight and let Izzy challenge for super fight
he already refusing pereira a rematch, after the guy gives him a rematch... new champ dodging a rematch already, making him look weak tbh he should show the same courtesy.
they need a rematch to fully settle the score. even though izzy won i think alex is better and not to take anything away from izzy he was very smart in that match. but to instantly deny a rematch saying some bullshit about "i settle scores" just means hes afraid to lose the belt again. alex gave him one so izzy should do the same since champions usually get rematches after losing the belt. even trade to settle whos best. izzy was just better that night not overall
Damn Chael is so wrong and opposite on this one...in Actuality people were asking for the Adesanya Rematch after adesanya got knocked out and that's why they did the fight...and NOW nobody is asking for that rematch SMH lol
I’m happy, he’s the greatest middle weight ever, that was the best knockout over ever seen. Highest stakes, best comeback story, mind actually blown.   Btw I wanted to see this fight super baaaaad so I don’t agree
I'm ok leaving it where it is. But I don't agree with ufc putting perira against a grappler. Dude should only fight strikers I dgaf
I'm happy. I picked Izzy to win by KO in the last minute of round 2 😮. Lucky AF
I disagree  I think pereira needs to go up in weight
I wanted the rematch to see if he could turn it around and boy did he. When he's feeling motivated, izzy is really deadly. I'd like to see him match up against that Italian dude, what's his name? Marvin? Right Marvin Vettori is the guy. I think that could be fun a matchup. Maybe the trilogy with Robert Whittaker for Izzy.
Izzy just stepped into goat Conversation in my opinion. Jones #1 though
Nah alex doesn't deserve a rematch. I wanna see alex fight some wrestlers now
Now it feels to me like we don't have to do it again because I think Izzy wins from here on out! Talk about renting space, you beat a guy 3 times, twice by knockout and then he sleeps you!!!
Pereira avenges Glovers losses at 205 gets the belt then we have the rematch at 195 for champ champ bragging rights
I stand here before the court to plead that we do not need to see the trilogy. Izzy got his rematch because of the accomplishments he’s made at middleweight lapping the division. Alex arguably didn’t do enough to earn the first title shot and has not done enough to warrant an instant rematch. They are 1-1 Add into the fact that Alex lost almost every round of the first fight up until the TKO and now he just got flatlined cold within two rounds. The argument could be made that Alex never looked dominant at any point in any of their mma bouts. Add in that alex already has another amazing built in storyline to chase at 205 and the chance to jump the line for a second ufc title. Picture this alex jumps up to 205 to avenge his mentor “glovers” devastating loss into retirement at the hands of Jamal hill ala mike Tyson/ Ali / Larry Holmes “get him for me” style. The 5 Ws of making a great fight are right there for the taking.
The answer is NO... I am NOT happy... we need a trilogy PLEEEEEASE!!!
Nobody going to mention the fact that izzy has gyno again just like he had it in the Costa fight? But he had the balls to insinuate Pereira is cheating using IVs? Great knockout but izzy is not a likeable person. Fun to watch fight tho usually. Taunting pereiras kid was corny af. Saying he was never rocked in that last fight. Blaming falling on his perennial nerve. Saying this 1 win closed out this rivalry like it's not 1 and 1 in mma I don't get it lol. Who wouldn't wanna see these two fight again besides izzy stans?
IZZY THE FUCKIN GOAT
I write it in another YouTube film Izzy in the persconferentie his eyes look sharper hey win this time he noticed his what he did wrong in the first mma fight.
I feel like i didnt ask for this fight bc i feel like we needed it. Kinda like glover vs jiri for the belt. 3 3 3
Fight #3 in Africa would be insane.
I wanted to see it, I don't pay for fights but if I did I would've bought this for sure!!!
why bc izzy won? if he lost would u call for another fight
Idk why ppl acting like Izzy settled anything. Dana clearly has proclaimed Izzy his golden boy that he needs to protect.  Izzy running from the trilogy.
We are not settled here.
and its over no more fights
Hopefully Alex get the light heavy weight belt soon and would love to see another fight from these two 2025 or 2026
No rematch. Ideally,  Chimaev would battle Alex, or Whitaker would battle Alex. But I think Akex will move up to 205. So, that leaves us with a quandary, to solve it, the division needs Chimaev.
I wanna see them fight again. They are 1 and 1 in mma now. I can't understand how people don't wanna see this fight again. And idk how izzy can say it's done when he has 1 win. If it was flipped would people be acting this way? Absolutely not
i wanted izzy to get his belt back   that all
Even if nobody asked for the rematch it doesn’t matter cause everybody wanted that rematch!
Chael I’m genuinely a huge fan but nobody calling you the greatest middle weight of all time 🤣 all love brother!
We don’t need another fight. Izzy told y’all this is his story, he laughs last and Poatan sleeps. We don’t do best of 7 in MMA, we don’t have to. Alex had his short little moment but greatness prevails and Izzy shut all of y’all up. Y’all bragged for a whole year about Izzy never being able to beat Alex, well Alex got folded and now it’s y’all who can’t accept it and are begging for a rematch. Y’all lost this time, we move on.
Pereira never knocked Izzy out cold like Izzy knocked him out
Alex keeps his hands way too fucking low
No one asked for this rematch because it was pretty much a done deal from the end of the last fight
I liked this short fight. Alex took a chance. He went for it and Izzy caught him. These two could fight 2 more times. We would have a different winner each time.
Izzy immediately said he doesn't want to run it back.....
Chael stfu we don't need another one
Chael was the first ever to lap the whole ufc!  Remarkably did it with no belt.  He never needed a belt.  It would have held him down!
Izzy won’t fight him again, he “closed that chapter” well Izzy, that whole anyone anytime is bullshit.
Izzy did say this was his last shot. he also said one and done. so technically he did say it was the last one
Gotta love chael being so humble saying he isn’t the best middle weight of all time. What a guy👍🏾
Think about it chael if Alex beats Jamal and becomes the LHW champ and defends it successfully 2-3 times and Izzy continues his greatness imagine a super fight AND a True trilogy all in one I think Alex should move up just for that possibility plus the story against Jamal is phenomenal
Alex got knocked out yes..but that don't mean in anyways shape or form we as fan should over look him. Im not Alex's fan or izzys fan im just an MMA fan in general  ..izzy was winning their forest kick boxing fight but alex won by decisions  some people thought if was a robbery  but nonetheless a win is a win but it was a win bychance so the squared off again and izzy was showing his points why he should have won the 1st fight ,and izzy was winning but he got clipped off, and was KOed ,having said that ,they (ufc) promoted him ,hyped him so much so ,it was as if it was discouraging izzy ,now izzy was again showing why he should have won and why he was the better fighter but he got caught again...it was a thought alex had izzy no. Not because he was better but it was always kinda like bychance or by luck even ( I know its not like that)  so izzy wanted an immediate re match and got it, the fought and yet again izzy was showing why he would have won ,why he is the better fighter and he was winning and now knocked him (alex) out cold . It was more like anderson loosing how 1at  fight against forest because he was so confident  and did not focused enough  and we all knew that and we also all knew what happened  and their 2nd fight we knew anderson was going to finish him off and it was alsi starting to happened but broke his leg, now of course the fight was stopped and forest won, so now we should ask the question to ourselves did anderson  lose both the fights because forest was just better then him in MMA or is it because he took it lightly or was not focused or forest got very lucky but that too twice , we all know anderson who was in his prime would have won the those fights any day of the week ,but it seems forests just got his no. And heres the difference  jon jones vs DC  jones git dcs no. Because jon was better then DC  and beat him just like he beats others twice  thats one way to see it , and the other is like we all know anderson is the better fighter and he is going to win and he was winning untill that happened  and not just once but twice in a row against the same fighter in his prime ,so as much as we not like to admit it ,forest just got his no. Not because he fought and won decisively or by razor thin decisions  but because of what we all k ew happened.  So yea just imagine and out yourself  in their shoes ,you know that your better then your opponent ,the world knows it ,heck even your opponent knows ut but he will never admit to it because that would be of course foolish and you guys fight and your winning the fight even dominating him every round and winning every round but you took him too lightly and you were fooling around and you got caught and then you lost ,next time you are luke fook this im gonna be serious now and finish this fight once and for all and show the world that he got lucky that time and you fight him and your most definetly dominating him and winning every round but then you broke your leg or the judges gave him the points and it was a robbery and everyone knew that ...and everyone was surprised and shocked even your opponent was shocked that he won...im sure you'll still say that you are the better fighter and always was but then you look at your resume and see 2 loses against the same guy ,that must be a really annoying thing to digest
🤦🏻‍♀️ I wanted it!
GSP lapped the field years ago
In your dreams,  Alex needs to earn it
Who will be Alex's next fight opponent? Will there be another rematch ? Alex vs Adesanya ,what do you guys think
Oh I’m happy ❤❤❤
Why another Alex didn’t knock him out the first fight it was early stoppage izzy knocked his ass out cold this fight that first fight could be questionable
Pereira can move his oversized ass on up to LHW or HW now. Better for everyone that Izzy whooped him.
izzy has zero class
Chael   is dead on the money
All the French fighters, Ngannou, Nassourdine Imavov and of course , Alex Pierre.
both israel, alex already said before the fight , that this was the last fight between , but nice try chael 😂😂😂
Tito definitely tapped
Frozen like elsa..😅
As a poatan fan , I really don't care... Alex has koed dude across two combat sports..  everyone knows Izzy is elite, and even in the fights he got slept in,  he was a competitive ninja  In my opinion Alex is the best fighter on the planet at 185..  but that don't mean Izzy ain't a beast
he slept that man they are now even
What are you talking about? Have you not paid attention? Everyone wanted this fight. Me and my friends talked about it for days. Losing touch brother
Lapping the division came from Kamaru Usman, not Izzy. Respectfully
I don't think izzy wants a rematch he just wants a win over a 3-0 series
No we dont
Why is chael so against this matchup? Lol
Izzy should of shown sportsman ship. Celebrate sure but what he did pointin to Alex's kid n falling KO style. Karma is a mf man. And bro it took 4 fights. Be proud but be humble (dont @ me with the petty ish. Speak like a normal human being if you want a convo. Sorry to say that but people are foul in comments.) Much love to yall n much love to the game!
Bro I was actually in that fight card driving down from Miami EPIC
Izzy 1-3 celebrating like that lol
I would like to see them fight one more time. I think Alex has the best chance at beating Israel
Literally everyone asked for this rematch what the fuck are you smoking this week Chael
I think Izzy used paper weights
I gotta ask.. who the fuck is this guy named Piéra he keeps talking about 😂. Gotta love how Chael says Pereira
To be fair, if (hypothetically) everyone took for granted that the rematch was going to happen, all of the observations would be the same lol but I’m sure you’re right Uncle Chael, as always
no .. usman , edwards was less. you said it last time fool lol
Didn’t Chael say before this fight that irrespective of the outcome, that should be the final time both fighters should fight? Now he’s asking for a trilogy? Nope, he’s not getting a rematch bro, Pereira needs to go fight more people to get another title shot. That’s it!
Chael literally has the worst takes ever everytime
The ref saved izzy from going frozen so they could do the rematch.  beef  3-1. Rubber match 1-1 ufc, DO IT
Izzy emphatically stated that win or lose this was his last chance! I love Uncle Chael, but what is he talking about?
I’m good on not seeing these 2 fight again anytime soon Alex needs to earn it
Im done with these guys
Afrcan power
i say it's time to introduce Khamzat to the MW division
Bro, who are these people that didn't want to see a rematch when Pereira beat Izzy? Everyone wanted that rematch.
Uncle chael is still undefeated in marriage 😅
0:19 “Many have said I am the greatest.”!  Lmao I love Chael.
guys was he really playing possum there? it seemed like a replay of fight 1 ending, except he actually connected this time. we need a final rubber match
Adesanya was completely counted out fuck yeah🎉
Many people have said i? Chael no lies detected!
Chael just makes up whatever he wants and says nothing factual or relevant anymore. Nothing but a hater on everything and everyone.
Izzy's not gonna fight Alex again. He made that clear in his post match interview. Alex gotta take the long road now. 🤷🏻‍♂️ NEXT
you mean the fight my friends and I were most looking forward to this year?
Alex x Rob is more important at this point
Say it with me Chael: PE-REI-RA
It's bull shit ....your gonna win one out 4 lol ....they have to go again ...best of 3 in the UFC ....but 1 out of 4 doesn't impress me
Izzy was done for too, those calf kicks were ending him. He jumped on Pereira trying to tee off on him. Happy for Izzy, looking forward to see Pereira vs someone else.
I came for a fight analysis and got Chael trying to convince everyone that this was a fight no one (not even the fighters) asked for? what’s even happening rn😂
elsa Peirera
Alex's luck finally ran out... worried about him moving up to 205 because the shots that knocked him out weren't very solid...izzy knocked him out while having his back against the cage... so he definitely wasn't hitting him with full power...I loved watching Alex do kickboxing but always questioned his chin even with the larger gloves... I'm not sure he can handle the power difference at 205... I'm sure the massive weight cutting Alex does has some disadvantages but cutting weight doesn't affect your chin...
rematch for sure. Izzy has smashed everyone else unfortunately so idk who else would be more interesting. maybe Chimiev if he stays at 185.
I was wanting it... I was calling for it!
Bro acting like Izzy didn’t ask for this rematch haha wtf chael ok
alex better stay away from 205 lbs. if he goes up there with all the hype, Jon jones will cut weight to go back to 205. the dont want none of bones down there.
Usman did it first
Chael you understand opinions right 🤣 ufc clearly makes more money off izzy protect the cash cow who else is breaking numbers right now they needed the komquat vs izzy fight that would sell numbers because now the division think he beatable look chael its simple math follow the money lol  Fyi whitaker needs to leave the division didnt he lose twice already for title attemps you see the real problem in the middle weight division
"They didn't do it," Izzy EVERY single conference, "I don't keep score, I settle them" 🤣🤣🤣
Agreed. Rubber match is due
Probably doesn't matter to anybody but the ko shit was behind the ear towards the back of head,ik it wasn't intentional so ya can't do anything about it but it's an unfortunate part of the game, happened to Khamzat against Burns... that's the whole reason Burns made it a fight,but either way both of them were on point,izzy just found his shot first
No we don’t 😂😂😂😂
Only people that don’t wanna see a trilogy are Izzy supporters
He ain't passed Anderson yet..izzy is great put Anderson is the greatest middleweight ever
Either Peirera moves up to light heavyweight or Peirera vs Whittaker winner fights winner of Khamzat vs Adesanya
Just admit it Chael. Your still undefeated.😂
another fight is not necessary
I hope Peirera moves up to light heavy weight next
Yes we are owed a three match. RUN THAT $HIT BACK...... ONEMOAGAIN
Naw nobody needs to fight 5 times that’s way too much
Chael... you're wrong here... We wanted to see this... Why would you not want to see it?... This was needed and so is the rematch to the rematch... I must say though... when you're as charismatic as you are, you almost had me believing I didn't want to see something I so desperately wanted to see
Pereira almost died last night :( give him whittaker and khamzat so he can wrap up his UFC career on a 3 fight losing streak and we can go back to not knowing who he is.
I don't think we need to see if again because even the most casual observer I think sees that Izzy has always been be better fighter. Should have won the first, was winning both the 2nd and 3rd and simply got caught and this time put him to sleep. Couple that with the fact that there's a better story for Alex at 205 and what it takes for him to get to 185, they're good to go separate ways. Only problem is now, is who faces Izzy at 185. No one left in that division has proven to be anywhere close to his skill level.
Watching them fight a third time isn’t a terrible problem. I would enjoy to watch them fight again.
Personally this rematch is one of the most anticipated by me of all ufc, I also just love adesanya and wanted to see him get the title back 💀
People who say they don't want the MMA trilogy, are hardcore Izzy fans, who know Alex has a %50 chance of beating stylebender.
Khamzat smashes him first
Ill buy a rematch
Didnt alex beat izzy 3 times before this so izzy beat him 1 time amd everyone os going nuts we need another fight with these two to really determine whos better idk
Now they 1 and 1. We are in need of one more fight to finish this off.
And u only want another fight because u can’t bear to see it end on an Izzy dub
Shyd I asked for the rematch 😂
Izzy kinda did say this is the one. Maybe not as loud as he should have but he said something along those lines. This is the one. I'm very impressed by izzy.
I think you have to give Periera an immediate rematch, particularly because he is still 3-1 against Izzy.
We don’t need another one, it’s gonna get even worse for Alex Izzy on another level
YOU ALL HATED ON IZZY 😂😂😂😂I KNOW YOU MAD
I mean it took 4 tries let's see what happens in the 5th
No we don’t need them to fight again. Everyone stop please
Sad take
They need to fight one more time
Glad it happened and super happy izzy won. No 3rd match. I think Alex should go up to 205 now. He's too old to be cutting that much weight.
What Chael is saying..I agree with.. however I think I need to see the 3 MMA fight between them now .... besides if you leave it like this well Izzy fight Robert Whittaker regardless so you might as well let these guys finish their business
they said it after the fight but yea hbefore fight woulda been better
i’ll watch the 3rd. lol
Izzy - Actively called for a rematch immediately after losing the first fight Chael - Neither Izzy nor Alex asked for this fight   Truly the greatest of all time 😂
We're only four games into the seven game series.
Your last video made me think Izzy would lose. Now your backtracking.
People need to quit worshipping Izzy...if their fights were real life there would have been no opportunity for Izzy to get revenge because Pereira would have finished the first 3 wins he had anytime if this was real life combat and not sport.
First kickboxing match I believe Izzy got robbed. Second kickboxing match referee saved Alex when Izzy was about to knock him out, by giving him a standing count. First MMA match, Izzy was cruising to UD when Alex caught him in round 5. 2nd MMA match Izzy knocked him out cold. If rematch, Alex must go through 1 or 2 top contender first. Or since apparently, Alex may move to 205, if he becomes champion, Izzy can go up and try to become a dual champion.
Congratulations to Izzy I was really hoping he would pull it off I like Izzy so I’m going with em period but I had a feeling and what a story it would be and bam it’s everything I wanted n more .
This is the first time I’ve ever wanted Adesanya to win and I’m glad he did. I think if he lost again he wouldn’t have recovered mentally. That being said can we be done with all these guys just fighting each other 100 times. Let’s do Conor and Nate again while we’re at it. Isn’t there anyone else?
Izzy did say this is the last fight before and after the fight
A well deserved win for Adesanya but I don’t know if it’s good for the division or not
The Great the GOAT the amazing the perfect Chael with yet another amazing take
Izzy is still down over all😂. Rematch Alex wins by ko
Fuck a rematch izzy should have e had the first one but they gave Alex leeway and called the same shit as a stoppage on izzy. Was bad ref work in the first fight imo and now izzy stopped his drop 50 pounds to try and beat smaller dudes. Go to light heavy Alex that's what you are. If they do rematch I hope izzy breaks his face. Hate that big bully drop weight shit.
WIN winner 🐓🍛
I was very hyped when Izzy knocked him out, but he knocked him out so hard like a second later I was like I hope bro is alright. I was worried he was really hurt. I wonder how much he was hurting Izzy in the corner though or was he playing possum?
Who has said chael is the best middle weight ever?? Besides me ofcourse lol
That division is a mess.. absolute rut.  They almost need to put together some cross-promotional event to bring in some new blood.
Lmfaooo kangaroo court room 😂😂😂
No we dont need another fight we want to see something new
There first 3 fights izzy was winning and got knocked out alex was winning this fight and got knocked out crazy fight
Chael forgets GSP lapped his division and so did DJ
No we don't need a new fight. Tired of this matchup. Izzy is a better fighter even tho Peireira is dangerous. He got dominated every time they fought, he's just very very strong and can KO anybody even if he loses
Aye Chael what kind of shoes are those and do they have them in black and yellow?
Izzy won 1 fight 😂 I’m dead talk shit when u beat someone 3 times not 1 time 😂
Ha! Listen to the Gilbert Burns post fight interview and you may start getting it.A fighter don't necessarily have to take a dive to be in a fixed fight.I love combat sports but gambling on sports is for the rich and/or stupid.Sorry for the duel posts and big mouth but I'm a very brave man.....when I'm online😂
Not true Izzy wanted this fight
Wait ... Hasn't Chael been saying all week this should be it no more fights between Izzy and Alex 😂😂😂😂
Pereira should move up to 205
Well, I think the formula for defeating Pereira is pretty obvious now.. just touch his chin, just a little bit, and big robot fall.
Nah we need that Robert vs izzy 💯💯
If chael says im wrong . Well fuck sakes... im wrong 😂
Chael many say you the greatest of all time 😑😅😂 come on my man I fuck with you but slow it down with that shit
I feel like at the inevitable trilogy fight, Bruce Buffer needs to announce Chael before the fighters and then Chael needs to announce that this is the last fight between these two by reminding us that we don't want to see another one. Everyone at the event and watching on PPV will agree.
I don’t know man…. If a guy beats you 3 times… you win the 4th fight… and then you don’t give him a shot at a rematch for the title… I’ll just say that’s pretty telling
Uncle Chael, I don’t know no how you do it, being so humble all the time, you damn well know your the greatest FW LW WW MW LHW HW fighter of all time, these are just facts people💯💯💯 happy Easter to all of you and I hope today is a blessed day with your Families 🙏🙏🙏
I did want to see this fight. It's not every day that we see such high level kickboxers in the octagon. But I think to be fair to the division and those waiting if we let Robert Whittaker and  Paulo Costahave their go. Let Peirera have Costa for the #1 contender spot, and let Whittaker get another crack at it. Let's circle the inevitable a bit first.
Izzy doesn't want a rematch
It’s 1-1 …run..it…BACK
Nobody asked for this rematch? Lmao come on Chael
Alex is to blame for his loss - was way too aggressive trying to finish Izzy quick and left himself open. With that said - I don’t think a trilogy is really needed as these guys will beat each other and will just go back and forth etc (Alex will win the next fight, then Izzy will win the next etc).
Uncle Chael smokin something strong today. Everyone wanted to see that run back. Super high level striking. How could you not want to see that again? Also, Izzy did call for the immediate rematch. WTH are you evening talking about right now?
Izzy said no more rematch after this. This fight is over.
Heck yeah
Chael has the gift of speaking full sentences without saying anything
Alex need to go up a devision.
Alex was winning but he was careless and this is what happened.
No trilogy necessary because Adesanya won by KO instead of TKO.  Everyone agrees that Adesanya was winning the other fights anyway. Pareira's TKO's were just luck.
I was hyped af for this fight what u talking bout chael
I wanted to see it 🥺
I personally did not care for this fight. Izzy’s revenge story isn’t why I watch UFC. But I get the marketing behind it.
I mean, we already knew Izzy could have had Pereira's number on any given day, he damn near knocked him out multiple times already but just had terrible luck
Izzy has completely poo-pooed a trilogy already.  He thinks winning 1 means more for him because HE allowed poatan to be fast tracked.  He's going to refuse a third fight and that irritates me.
He defended his title 5-7 times he deserved the rematch
Nah. Silva lapped his division when he was champ way before Izzy did
There is something rotten in the state of Denmark
If you watch all their fights, Izzy usually is on top until he is not.  This is how it shouldve happened the first time and even though Poatan doesn't wanna admit it, he had the anime underdog energy every time against Izzy.
In fairness I did hear Izzy say before the fight that this would be the last fight of their rivalry
In fairness I did hear Izzy say before the fight that this would be the last fight of their rivalry
Damn Izzy is living in an anime as the protagonist 😂
LFGGGGGG, I came back jus to hear the Godfather talk about the Second best Middleweight of All time
But are you happy is the question?
I want to see the trilogy! You shouldn’t really count the other fights in another sport…
How did Chael just convince me  that I never wanted to see a rematch that I desperately wanted to see...truly amazing.
Come on Chael you need to do better than that. The fight where Izzy lost his belt was NOT A devastating knock out. In fact many people think it was stopped early with Izzy winning 4 rounds to none for Pereira. No need for a third fight.
Respect Cheal, u do what u know best 👍
Love you to death Uncle Chael but your ego is absolutely out of control. “All they had to do was listen to me wah waaah waaaah!!!!” The kids on the underground would call this “cringe”
If they were to do a 3rd ufc fight it would have to wait. Alexs head bounced off the canvas pretty fuckin hard.
Very few UFC fighters win the strap back after losing it. Izzy is in rare air.
Didn't GSP lap his division first?
Chael is so humble he lies about Adesanya being the greatest middleweight. Undefeated, undisputed GOAT
Chael, it's a joke when we call you the GOAT
We all know Izzy will avoid that rematch like the plague. Kudos to him though I’d probably do the same if I was Izzy
Kevin holland vs Izzy 😂
This is my dawg
In the press conference, when asked about rematch, "I don't count scores, I settle them." So don't think Izzy will do an immediate rematch.  I want to see whitaker vs Pereira before Periera goes up to 205
A lot of idiots really convinced themselves that Izzy isn't capable of completely decimating an opponent because of a few boring fights, stone hands Pereira got his glass jaw shattered. Would have been the same result first fight if the bell didn't save Pereira as well and everyone knows it lol. If there is to be a trilogy, Pereira can earn it like a good boy, go fight the other middleweight contenders Izzy has also decimated in the past.
TKO is what Alex did...this was not that, I'm sorry
Spot on unc
We love you chael, but you’re off your fuckin rocker
That KO was amazing..that was sleep....no rematch
I think the thing to do is have Alex go up in weight and if he wins a belt there call Izzy out to come up and settle  the beef. Alex isn't as deserving of a rematch as Izzy was but if he goes up and becomes a champion there? Now he has something Izzy wants.
I sure am
Chael. KHAMZAT. WHY WOULD IZZY NOT FIGHT KHAMZAT NOW? Why does Khamzat also have to beat the #2 at 185 (Whittaker)?
When you get a title shor after only about 7 fights and you lost it after your first defence, go round the block and come back. Work your way through the division 😊
Khamzat?
After Tony's losing streak, Francis leaving, Conor being gone forever, Khabib retiring, etc We needed Izzy to do exactly what he did to revitalize the sport That. Was. Awesome.
Im happy cus i like issy but mad cus i bet on piera! Lol
I want to see chimya
Alex fierro does not really deserve a rematch right away that's designated four fighters that have multiple title defenses
Man I really don’t wanna see a rematch but it does kinda feel like we’re screwing pereira if not. Maybe Alex leaves the division
No. There does not need to be anutha fight. Alex need to go up in weight to stop taxing his body. Next fight down the line will be at a heavier weight for both of them. At 205. Only then should they dance again.
There was no money to be made if Pereira would have won.Though Don King was a crook , I'm sure promoters  took notes on how to milk the most money from fights.I don't believe sports outcomes when it involves money and gambling.I learned that from Don King.
Sonnen is right from beginning to end
Izzy is the goat, but it’s hard to say he’s better than pereira
Every 10 videos, Chael guets it totally wrong. 90% accuracy though, congrats.
I have to disagree with Chael on this one because in MMA these two fighters are 1 and 1. Trilogies are nice as a spectator. I would definitely watch. But Izzy KO'd Pereira with a counterstrike of a heavy barrage. That put a bow on it in my mind.
Let Alex go up he will fucking smoke Hill then rematch
You do know that both of them did do exactly what you just said they they didn't do?
Chael Sonnen: greatest Middleweight of all time. Someone has said it now!
Well both of them said they are not fighting each other again. Izzy beat him almost the entire time they have been in there. Alex landed 2 good punches out of 4 full fights. Alex is going to 205.
Izzy may be the better fighter, but this (technically) only puts Izzy at One and Five. Just because there were two fights that weren’t in the UFC doesn’t diminish Alex’s wins.
You sound salty or mad or something. What a weird video.
The hardest part of that fight for Peirera was the weight cut
I’m pretty sure pereira said in the pre fight media interviews that they weren’t gonna meet after this regardless.  I rly think he’ll move to light heavyweight immediately and work his way to Jamal.
Nobody cares about BisPong
They gotta run it back for the trilogy in UFC
Yes
They buried the hatch. It’s over. Alex gets a new weight class and Izzy gets his belt back. Great!
No more
If anything, they have to finish the rivalry at 205. Probably if Alex wins the belt. The weight cut probably does too much damage on alex chin
Who doesn't want to see Izzy with that look of being in grave danger and pushing forward looking to finish.  What would Alex look like knowing that not only can he be rocked, but finished? Lions both.
I think Alex should go fight some more top ranked guys. Go fight guys Izzy beat, then demand a rematch
I wanted to see the rematch, and now I don’t see a point in a 3rd match. After that brutal KO, I don’t see how Alex recovers from that at his age!
The popular and fluent in English got to stay on top
Izzy did not lay any traps. He was getting his ass whooped and he threw a lucky punch that’s it. He was on his way to getting KO’d again plain and simple. Those are the facts he threw a lucky punch. He’s trying to say that he baited him in no he didn’t. It was all luck. Everyone gets lucky. Sometimes this was Izzy’s lucky night nine times out of 10 they fight seven times out of 10 whatever you want to say Perera knocks him out. Congratulations to Izzy, but that was pure luck.
Best out of 7?
Poatan does some work at light heavy weight and Izzy does some work at middle weight and we have the rematch for the light heavy belt. The script has been written
You know my wife likes to call me narcissistic. I tell her that you being less informed than me doesn't make me a narcissistic, it you less informed to draw conclusions. Chael, I will give you that you know way more than me about UFC and not call you a narcissistic for claiming to be the smartest guy in the room. Dana and the others will have to make that decision on their own.
Izzy did say this was his last shot and after that the score is settled so...🤷🏾
Put more lights in the room please
drives me nuts how he talks with his hands
Izzy will lose
A rematch is needed
Everyone was asking for a rematch, Chael
I don’t think there’s a need for another fight. In my opinion Izzy has proved multiple times that he is over all the better fighter but Alex is a DANGEROUS fighter and has the potential to put anyone to sleep. I would like to see Alex move to light heavy weight and see what he can do there.
Im super happy for Izzy. What a way to close the show last night.
I believe they both said that it was the last time they were fighting each other...Alex should just go to the LHW division
I've never felt as happy as tonight, seeing somebody winning a fight! This was one of the best knockouts i've ever seen!
Izzy just materialized a metaphor irl. Life is like Izzy fighting Alex, you get knocked down and the world against you but as long as you get up tou have a chance of changing the outcome of your future. This fight was much more than just a fight
This was the most strategic knockout in history. I personally read how that went about 3 steps before it happened. Adesanya definitely played possum. 100% setup and 100% trap. But I guarantee if they ever fight again. Poatan wouldn't fall for that trap again. Freakin amazing.
Chael passing the torch to Izzy . Beautiful.
I went to sleep last night thinking I need a trilogy fight.  However this morning I can imagine that Pereira would want to move up to 205.  I truly believe him when he said he doesn’t have a rivalry with Izzy it was never personal to him because he had won all 3 times up to that point.  He even seemed to feel bad for Adesanya immediately after their first mma fight.  He knows he was gifted a title shot.  I think they will entice him to move up to avenge Glover at a weight that suits him better.
izzy never got knocked out he was still awake and he was dodging alex strikes if you watch it at 0.25 speed you will see alex whiffed he last 4 or 5 punches and missed even more before Marc Goddard called the fight it was dumb
nah these two are done
Anderson Silva defended the title 11 times I guess we just forget all about that
Trilogy? Chael vs Silva 3 never happened dispite Chael winning the first.
Adesanya got lucky . His cringy attitude gives him charisma . Perreira already beat him 3 times , KOs.  Ali was a true king in come backs . I need to see a third match to make up my mind about Izzy .  Jones is the greatest of all time in UFC . No one else . Before Jones , it was Silva . Nurmagomedov another .  I don’t like Izzy , he is good … but too over rated .
Yes, I'm very happy!
Izzy could try to fight Jamal and become double champ
Alex goes up to 205. If he is as good as people say he can win the championship at that weight class. Then izzy goes up to 205. And fight him for the championship in the trilogy
Not that I’m a huge Izzy fan “definitely don’t mind the guy” but man when these two guys fight it makes me heart race more than anyone else!! Loved this fight
Is he? really schooled Pee-era
Chael, the biggest and best bullshitter in UFC. I love it!!
He lost the belt the champ always gets a rematch especially a defending champ. If Izzy won the first I could argue to end it.
Love the sportsmanship from Izzy, he could have hit him one more time on the ground but he restrained himself.
People saying Alex should not get a rematch are some bs. Alex is up 3-1 total and its 1-1 in MMA. Good win by Izzy but him saying Alex doesnt get a rematch is bs Hate Leon n Izzy acting like they get to say who they fight
Pereira needs to  work his part up not just get  a title  shot .....
Sucks that Alex got his UFC start so late. Realistically he only has a couple more Years max
Izzy for the best middle weight of all time I need all the fake fans that jumped ship to stay gone bruh weed out the fake
I AGREE WITH CHAEL 1000% . 3-1 IS NOT YET SETTLED!
Answer..gastelum izzy 2
No one asked for a rematch cause we already knew it was coming. L take
"No one wanted this rematch" 💀
I think the biggest issue with the Middleweight division is that there's no new blood or rising contenders beyond maybe Dricus du plessis and if we're being realistic here whittaker or Vettori would starch him so Izzy doesn't really have any one else in the division to have a compelling fight with -Costa's done nothing but talk on social media and after the wine incident he's likely not in the UFC's good books whilst being 1-1 in his only fights since his shot 2 and a half years ago -Cannonier was the fight before the Pereira fight -Vettori is 1 and 1 in his last 2 fights -Whittakers lost twice to Adesanya and only won once since the last loss  -That's the top 6 done, outside of that is stricland (1-1 in his last 2 fights), Brunson (lost his last 2 fights), Dolidze (lost his last fight to Vettori) and Hermansson (lost 2 of his last 3 fights ) and that's the entire top 10.... So there's no real compelling fight at middleweight other than the decider which in itself isn't exactly exciting
I don't get what's the problem. They give a ppv worthy match both time they fought. They can fight 5 more times in my eyes.I'll never get tired of that. Izzy got his rematch. Alex needs his
Hamza is next
In a year once Pereira is champ at 205, and Izzy decides to go up again. That would be an epic show, but it would also be Pereira's highest probability of clinching the series... so I think he's going
Khamzat shouldn’t be anywhere near a title fight next, dude calls out so many random people in different weights then magically goes “I’m next” like no you’re not
Chael loves saying the opposite of reality and trying to convince his viewers.😅.  "Neither of them called for this rematch." Izzy said we're running it right back. Idc how many times it takes. "NOBODY wanted to see this fight." This card broke Madison Square garden sales. "I have a big feeling they're gonna run it back again." Piera said during prefight presser this is his last time fighting izzy. Izzy at post fight presser I don't keep score I settle them! I'm done with this guy moving on. Dana white at post fight presser. Yeah I think Alex is moving up to 205 after this fight.  Chael just be saying shit! Lmao
Am I happy ? No.  What a disgrace after his win.  UFC going to new lows.
What are you talking about? Everyone wanted to see a rematch immediately.
if he stays in 185lbs, Know Let's feed Pereira to the dogs, robert then marvin or khanzat
Number 129 times hoping Chael reads this to learn a trilogy is any third time doing this and a rubber match is when it's 1-1 going into the third time.    Looking forward to writing this the 130th time.
U forgot Demetrius johnson if we speak about lap a division
You wanna know what I learned from this fight? I learned that if you keep whining and crying to Dana you get what you want. Izzy lost 3 straight fights to Alex, this fight should have never happened.
Idk what you’re talking about but I think we all wanted this rematch.
To make the case for this rematch that Izzy won and go against Uncle Clael, Izzy did deserve a rematch, for he defended his titles multiple times against killers. Imo Alex should have fought someone else first, defend the belt once, and then fight Izzy. Then that would have justified an immediate rematch. If Alex stays at MW, imo he needs to fight someone in top 5 before he gets a title fight, mainly because he got KO'd. Otherwise we will be left with Brandon vs Davidson situation. Khamzat vs Alex would be nice, or Rob vs Alex. Then the winner gets Izzy. That way the division will still be exciting and we will have something to look forward to.
Honestly Do not care. After seeing the interview and presser Isreal still has not learned humility or how to be humble. I don't care how good he is.. As a person he is a douche.
The way periera's chin reacted reminded me of boxers who overdo the heavy weight cuts later in their careers. They go out like lamps too... He needs to move up...
chael WTF you talking about, miami beat out msg.. We very much wanted it..
I:33 I never realized I didn't want to see this fight.....but now I KNOW I didn't want to!!!! (UNDEFEATED!) Thank's, Coach!!!! BAD GUY INC ✊🐐!!!!!
1 ko each in Ufc. We need a rematch
Both fantastic fighters I would love to see Pereira go up to 205 i think he would dominate
no we want this rematch now
I put so much money on Pereira it even hurts!
Anthony joshua should learn from the  fight
Pereira was too confident. He was winning until that hide n seek 👊
Every time I listen to chael sonnen speak, I feel like I get CTE. Or just a loss of brain cells.
I wanna see the trilogy.
Where are the CRYBABY Perreria fans 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Fuck it, part 5, I’m down. I DO NOT want to see Rob vs Izzy 3 at all
We wanna see khamzat vs izzy next!
its gonna be chimaev, dont forget him uncle chael
Rematch them at 205 , winner fights for the 205 belt.
Perreira doesn't deserve a rematch... He got fast tracked to the title because of his kick boxing wins over Izzy... Let him go through the gauntlet first
Alex didn't deserve the shot in the first place but he got it and he didn't keep it long... now he needs to clear the division a bit before  rematch imo.
Look... UFC is not kickboxing. They've had 2 fights. I get the others happened. Idk. Good job Izzy.
Nah their rivalry is over now this division needs new blood Ig he fights Strickland or du plesis next maybe rob for a 3rd time 💀
Happy over here
Yes I did cause Izzy was closed in that 1st mma fight ...
im not happy lol i cant stand izzys personality hes a woke diva hell of a champion but i was happy at the idea of him losing at giving up
3-1
No it was bc of usman. Chael you’re not getting out of this. You said no one wanted to see this fight. You said Izzy had nothing for him. Also you were nowhere near the best middleweight. You are not a champ you are a big mouth that’s it
I am not even a fighter but that performance was very emotional and personal for me as it did touch many other people outside of fighting as well.  We are all fighters in life and the whole match lead up, how he knocked him out, the celebration was just of the top.
Fantastic, really. I don’t like a lot of Izzy’s weird, androgynous and cringy stuff. However… I was hoping he’d win and he won in spectacular fashion.
I personally asked Dana for the rematch & that’s the only reason it was done
Izzy is great but not sure I’m ready to put him over anderson Silva
I begrudgingly watch this video because this man is undefeated
Chael Sonnen... I think you are a special human being!!!! You're a great man and a helluva fighter but thanks for inspiring myself and others to be a better person!!!
Thank you Alex for keeping the belt warm for stylebender 🎉🎉
Speak for yourself Uncle Chael I wanted this fight!
Yeah trilogy next in like 6 months
This fight seemed staged 👀
I disagree. No rematch needed. The first three fights where long and Izzy was winning then at the last minute he gets knocked out. There was no question at the end of this fight whom is the better fighter.
i was suspicious when i saw Perairas manager the fat guy show the pyramid illuminati hand sign in an interview the day before I said it could be a fixed fight for the 3rd to make more money and I am sure it was fixed even though it looked very real.
Was gonna go find another highlight video since I don’t care for breakdowns then I realized it was my Uncle Chael!
I called Izzy winning this one, but I don’t think these guys need a rematch. AP has beat him three times, he should move on to 205.
I’m more than happy. That storyline is better than any combat movie I’ve ever seen.
I wanted to see it but I wanted Alex to win again, I don't endorse men wearing dresses, painting their nails, and wearing bondage collars.  Also, you are completely over using the word juxtapose, yes it's a word gaining popularity but you just don't use it that often, it doesn't sound natural and flowing but rather forced.  Thanks, the management.
Lol izzy 100% called for the rematch
Until I hear Alex say “I’m going to 205” they’ll need a 3rd mma bout.
Izzy gets everyone with that behind the ear punch. 😂
UFC 350 “Never Ending Trilogy”       Alex Vs Izzy 10
it was a strike to the back of the head should be a No Contest
Shell said like 2 videos ago last night should be the last fight
I Wanna see Alex fight khamzat,
He’s 1-3 stop it
I'm not going to lie I didn't think he would be able to get the win.... definitely the best win of his career by far.
Great fight! Izzy exposes a chink in Periera's game and it's that when you trade punches with Poatan, you'll get him as CKB had a good game plan to set traps for the big brazilian in that instant when he chooses to throw bombs. They used his greatest arsenal and made it his downfall.
That fight was shocking and crazy
Yes I'm happy
SALUTE, SHUT THAT SHIT DOWN
Chaels analysis / breakdowns are SPOT ON !!!! Always backs up my boy O' Malley ( next BW Champ ) after Cejudo vs Sterling !!! RESPECT
I don’t think Izzy and Alex will meet anytime soon. Alex is gonna move up in weight where he doesn’t have to cut weight. Alex is a natural 205 guy.
I just want another fight because I hate Izzy holding that belt
No no no booooooooooo
Izzy is my brother but I just Alex is a beast kuddos
damn this guy is quick
Alexis still #1 he won 3 out of 4 fights. Alex is still #1
Izzy is a great Champion but he ain't better than Silva. Silva in his prime was almost ethereal in the Octagon. He left audiences with their jaws on the floor. He went up to 205 and showed what he could do there also. Adesanya tried that, and failed at his first attempt. Silva, Jones and GSP are the 3 greatest champions of all time. Adesanya, Usman and khabib are the best of the rest.
I wanted alex to win
While izzy is great no doubt it's hard for me to say he's the greatest MW of all time when there was a dude named Anderson silva in that same division.
Yes, Chael I am happy. They can even run it back again.
@Chael Sonnen, I believe that if Adesanya v Pereira III were to happen, it'll be at 205. We have Izzy lap 185 and Pereira go up to 205, become champion and then defend it 2-3 times. That should give Izzy enough time to complete his lap. At that point in time, Izzy goes up to 205 and challenges for the belt.
Let that be a lesson to all. No one beats Israel Adesanya 4 times in a row!
Also I wanted a rematch the whole time lol
I just think by the time pereira comes back he will be almost 38
I think Alex moves up, he is so big and that weight cut has to be brutal. Also izzy took him out in a dominant fashion.
His name ain't just izzy now he Big Izzy now put some respect on his name this man took his belt back i believed in him too even everybody was saying he wouldn't win Alex low key still goated
Now we need a rematch. 1-1 is not good enough.
NOBODY has ever called Chael the GOAT. Except himself.. 😂
Everyone is like good job Izzy. I mean damn u give him chance after chance of course he going to win eventually and he still bout got beat
We really dont need another fight. Izzy earned that rematch now its Alex's turn to earn it
No one: Chael: “Pee-era”
Biera should get another shot at the title to settle the score
100% has to be a 3rd fight lol cmon
No we don’t this man beat Sean Strickland and got smoked last night stop letting him duck 205
I think this is one of if not the best rivalry in MMA history. I want to see a trilogy
They'll fight again, at 205, in a few years...just wait.
It’s true I don’t want to see Perreira or Whitaker or Vitori. I’d like to see Chimaev get fed next.
Piera and adensanya both said this would be the last time they fought each other before the fight 😂
Izzy was so juiced he grew an extra tit. Now no rematch after 3 and 1. If theres no rematch ill never watch ufc again. He was so obviously cheating with the biggest worst gyno ive ever seen. He took so much steriods he grew a tit and they dont even test him?
Adesanya is cringe
Well no wrestling, but Izzy gets the W and now the trilogy******* lol😮
TRIPLE THREAT OCTAGONAL HELL IN A CELL MATCH 😂
I can see you just wanted Izzy to lose 😅😅😅😅 you didn't even wanna see this fight happen bro cut the crap
Izzy just gave alex’s kid that vinland saga arc
The luckiest punch ever thrown in the Octagon. Alex definitely deserve a re-match, whatever happens in that fight needs to be the decider and then we move on.
I think they need to move one. I am tired of all of these immediate rematches.This one would be very justified where many are not but even with that said I am tired of them. It is to the point that it takes years to see divisions move .
Did Chael just have a split personality moment at the end!? Wtf.
I definitely wanted to see this rematch. Was worth its weight in gold. Another fight with these guys? Nah I’m good on that
Chael you definitely in the top 5 middleweights of all time
Uncle Chael missed one very important technical issue in this fight.  Izzy covered up to set a TRAP - and Alex took the bait.
NOBODY asking for Leon and Coby....
It's not Piera
Sorry Chael, Alex needs to move his weight bullying self up to 205 and IF.....IF he gets the 205 belt, then Izzy should fight him again if he wants to move and up again and try to become a double champ....if not, let history be as is. It's a beautiful story already.
Periera probably doesn't wanna fight him anymore. Honestly, he's served his purpose and knocked him down. Sadly his ego has gotten bigger. If those dudes 185er aren't trying to fight Izzy out of fear Dana needs to start laying people off
except izzy who asked for an immediate rematch after his loss   smh
Izzy made it pretty clear the score was settled in his mind after the fight lol.
I'm not sure people never called for the rematch because they didn't want to see it rather everyone just assumed it would happen
Issy told us the rematch would be next right after he lost the title, the reason he wasn't calling for, demanding and insisting on on the rematch is because... Alex already agreed to the rematch. He said "he gave me the chance to win it, so I will give him the chance to get it back. I can't imagine Dana had anything against it, he's been a dominant champion. 7 title defenses. He was winning the fight until he got clipped. This fight needed to happen, and now that it did we see what Piera wants to do next it's being said he wants to move up, it's a brutal weight cut for him. And now we got Robert, Paulo and Khamzat. Two of them need to fight, and the winner is our no.1 contender. If Alex still wants to fight Issy he should fight with one of them 3
There’s a sick part of me that hopes Alex moves up, then him and Izzy become friends.
Lol everyone went from hating Izzy to swinging all on his nuts 😂 people are unreal.
It's settled chael. Izzy is the better fighter
You’re losing it man
Called Izzy winning the entire time
As amazing as that finish was, it’s just hard to say the score is settled when it’s 3-1. Unfair to Alex for his previous 3 wins
Alex was about to finish Izzy then his dehydrated head got knock out with a average combo.
I don't think another match between these guys is super necessary. Izzy proved he is the rightful champ and got his belt back
No Chael, isreal has literally only has 1 or 2 finishes defending the belt. He won't eclipse "The spida" as the best 185er until he beats khamzat who is top of the line competition. Him going 1-3 against a guy doesn't make him better than Anderson Silva quit guzzling nuts Chael. Think about the bigger picture a little longer. They shouldn't fight again, poatan should go to lhw
There was no need for this immediate rematch. I'm not a fan of rematches anyway and certainly not of immediate rematches.
Let Alex move to 205, if he gets the belt Izzy moves up to steal his belt. Perriera has no chin cutting all that weight
Hundred percent we need a trilogy
I wanted this fight and I said Izzy was getting the KO, Pereria was cocky, he got beat up 10 8 some rounds in the first fight, YT put the first fight free the other night and I watched it again. Izzy lost the 1st fight after winning the first 22 minutes. He gassed, pinned Pereria against the cage, and stopped to breathe, Pereria put his arms up like hes not trying, then 30 seconds later Izzy was TKOd.
The best sucker punch trap in MMA history. He had a narrow path to victory. He formed an intelligent plan that involved taking a risk and stepping on the gas early knowing that was his path to perfection. By fight time I just didn't think it was possible for him to beat that man. Alex is at least a light heavy. it was a physical mismatch, but Izzy used his mind and his attributes to bait him trap him and finish him. I do want to see the fight again sometime in the distant future at 205.
No we don't
No Im not happy
That dude Isreal is a POS man. Periera didn't do any flaunting. When he beat him. Didn't even crack a smile, just raised his fist and nodded. Adesanya is still a huge prick. I wanna see khamzat fight for the belt. Pretty sure he's chirping about it on Twitter
Pierra had him against the fence with that high kick. Adensenya got one good overhead shot. This is crazy. I thought Adensenya was about to get knocked out again. Im still not convinced. Its almost like Pacman vs Marquez. Except here, both are truly even fighters. PACman was faster and more powerful. Edge goes to 7 weight class champ. But Marquez had Pacman's number though. Marquez my favorite fighter too.
They NEED to stop giving automatic title rematches. All the divisions are starting to look stagnant.
No one is wishing they would have not done the rematch. This was a huge fight, 11 million gate. I’m sure the PPV sold well. Huge highlight and if they do rematch it will be even bigger. I love whittker but Alex vs Rob was not a big fight
The biggest question of the night is will Dana create a journeyman hall of fame for masvidol in line with the bmf sham?
For one i don't agree with you Chael. Izzy's fans wanted to see the rematch as it was only fair for him to be granted it since he's been absolutely dominating the devision for the past few years, on another note Izzy fans didn't want to leave the MMA score unsettled since the kickboxing score is dead in favour of Alex. With that being said, Alex technically lost the first MMA fight if it wasnt for a lucky blow in the 5th round, got fucked in the rematch, which leads us to the final chapter in their MMA rivalry to settle it once and for all.
I can't stand adesanya. He has the cringiest out of control ego on earth, and he's going to go right back to running away from everyone.   Right after the fight, before he was mic'd up, he was looking at the crowd yelling, "Believe in me. Believe in me. Believe in me, "which is just the most gross thing a human can say.   He is a godless loser with a fancy belt, not a champion.
No we don't
No mas. It’s over! Why would you give Alex that shot and not Stipe after Francis. No.
That punch came out of nowhere. Pereira didn't see it coming at all. Props to Izzy for launching the deathblow from left field.
I don’t think an immediate rematch is necessarily the right thing. Izzy was a dominant champ, he lost and then got the L back convincingly.
The last time you talked about this match up you said you didn’t want to see this again Lmaoo love uncle Chael!
Stipe should retire. His next fight is going to be his last fight anyway.
No one wants a rematch
If nobody wanted the rematch how did they beat the MSG numbers?
Technically this rivalry is 2-2 Izzy won the first time they ever fought. This rivalry was seconds away from being 3-1 Izzy.   He had Alex shook last fight too. Izzy is a much better all around fighter. Alex just has a little more strength in his strikes and those damn Calf kicks that he kept hitting the same button on the controller this fight and last fight, so one dimensional. Alex would have lost that belt soon even if it wasn’t to Izzy.   Well done job by Izzy to overcome the Psychological aspect of this fight.
I did wana see this fight, speak for yourself
Naw we good Chanel we seen what we needed to see Izzy is the better fighter Tale of the tapes look at ALL the fights Alex has been hurt in ALL 4 fights izzy actually won the 1st fight with a stand up count in the 2nd fight in kickboxing never would happen in ufc & the calf kicks hurt izzy in the 3rd fight is what it is they know each other to well it safe to put this fight to bed
I knew it was gonna go that way he almost had him the first fight
Someone should tell it adesanya that wasn't really that impressive he was getting bullied and carried around the whole fight. He landed a nice lucky shot behind the ear, dizzy Izzy will not accept another rematch
I’ve been saying this all along. This immediate rematch made no sense. I’m happy for Izzy that he got his belt back but Chael is right now they have to run a 3rd one. How can they justify not settling this now?
Finally Izzy had an exciting fight. He built his career with point fighting. Now I hope it's Chimeav next.
We absolutely need a rubber match !!!!!!!!! How can they not run that
Noooo no rematch move on please
Do you think Izzy is going to dance during the walkout of his next fight?
The trilogy must happen, no ifs, ands or buts. 🎉
I don’t been another. I think Izzy is proven he’s better. Maybe sounds silly being 1-3 against him, but I think he won the first, had some bs standing 8 in the 2nd and dominated most of the 3rd
So does Alex get a immediate rematch, or now they have their dancing baboon, so now Alex will be pushed to the side. I will say I did not think Izzy could beat him so props to that. I thought Izzy would get the belt back after Alex lost to anyone else but him 😂
Chimaev vs Izzy soon
Not only did Alex say that that ended there last night that was the last time he would ever fight him but how are you going to give another title fight to a guy that didn't even defend it successfully one time let's be honest he got push to the front of the line when he didn't deserve it in the first place and honestly he's not feeding Whitaker or vettori or anyone that can do anything on the ground Alex needs to prove himself like is he has done over the last countless amount of years
They must fight again
A couple days ago these comments were all trash talking Izzy. What happened ? Lol
Took long enough izzy 😂
Izzy's redemption felt so personal and relatable....
He damn close! Anderson has a clamin to that title! Division was just as good!
You need to file a closer with your athlete's then because Alex didn't come out and say it ends here tonight I will never fight this guy again are his own words... You're welcome chael
knew izzy had it
It was staged
You just know when you can beat a guy after you were  fighting with him before he believed in that
Khamzat vs izzy what are you talking about chael
Didn’t Alex say this is the last time he is fighting Izzy? Lol
How is it a rubber match is Alex is up 3-1 lmao
what? izzy asked for the rematch straight away....not sure what drugs you're on saying "no one asked for it"
Does kalvin need to win one more the get his rematch with Izzy
Anderson is hands down the best middle weight champ
This fight would be better as a 3rd fight 1-2 fights from now. Let them both destroy the top guys in the division to get there. You have to hold a little back to make the explosion bigger.
No one had to call for it. There was no way Izzy wasn’t going to get it.
Asking me about my emotions off the bat? Breaking my heart- he knows he can’t let me get close
Champ 🥂 izzy baby
Simple. Put Reaper Vs Poatan 🤣winner fights Izzy. Guarantee you it won’t be “the Brazilian rubber much” If Pereira can make his way back up the ladder by himself then that’ll be the 3rd, until he got to go back of the line and actually earn his title shot. Let’s be honest, Strickland wasn’t a true test👀💯💯
If Chael says that "I didn't want to see this fight", then he must be right😂
Speak for yourself Chael. Izzy vs. Pereira 1 and 2 is the most excited I have been for UFC fights in the last 5 years. Great fights, on the edge of my seat the whole time
4th times the charm!
Rematch at 205, up a division 👀👀
We need a rematch for Alex 1-1 let's go
Hell yeah I am happy because I don't consider the kickboxng fights they had previously should not be considered a count into mma because they are both different sports.
Lmao Alex knocks out izzy thhree times twice cold and now people acting like Izzy tied that shit
Izzy played possum and Alex ate the bait and got caught with a deadly right hand point blank… no fancy stuff … just business
Izzy isn't close to Silva back in the day dude ur stupid
No rematch!  I want Pereira to move to LHW. Izzy still has good MW opponents. Sean Strickland  and DuPlessis would be very entertaining fights for Izzy.  Congratulations Izzy, the GOAT at MW!
I hope this is over!!!
Does anyone have te clip where Isreal yells: I am Israel Mobolaji Odunayo Oluwafemi Temitayo Owolabi Adesanya?
people are lying if they say there shouldn’t be a third like everyone else gets them fr plus after three its done anyway izzy wins 2-1 its over but alex fr tryna move up anyway so does it matter idek
The old school UFC fighters fought all weight classes and they fought several times in one night. The old school UFC fighters are the GOATS.
Stop avoiding khamzat
Izzy is the GOAT
Jon jones lapped his division wayy before Izzy was even in the ufc
i dont understand how colby is geting a match vs edwards , and not leon based on the same logic that izzy got this rematch ...dana says if usman wasnt there colby would have been champion throughout but reality is usman was there.... in that dana's logic.... if izzy wasnt there whittaker still would have been champion so ? then when izzy lost ... whittaker would have gotten the fight ... u know?
Alex can't fight in mw, he cuts too much weight, that punch should not have knocked him out
The only real argument that can be made in favor for Adesanya v. Whittaker at this point is the people’s mandate. Business reasons. Give the people what they want. I’d prefer to see Rob v.s. Izzy.
Gsp lappeď the division..
There first fight was a split decision second pierea won at the last min same with the 3rd but this one was all Izzy
This has to be a UFC trilogy no other way and I believe that Alex is gonna go crazy some way or the other.
Uncle... I literally have the clip of izzy straight after the last fight stating he needs the rematch and wants it immediately 😅... only you could get away with making up your own story line!
in pereira's defense , the rivalry can be counted as  3 - 1 to alex pereira so . one more fight is absolutely neccessary so i want them to fight now . it will be bigger i feel. lets do thissss
We know what izzy is made of, but is alex made of the same stuff, can he come back n beat someone who just put him to sleep? Remains to be seen but i doubt it imo.
✊🏾💪🏾💯 Salute 🫡 to you Izzy
Actually I personally wanted a rematch!
How do we need another? Alex tko’d izzy and izzy SLEPT alex. Huge difference
You are one of them hater
nah good ending , Pereira needs to go up , the weightcut effect his absorption endurance  the triloogy would be great if pereira gets the 205 belt , adn izzy challenges him , it would be like islam vs volk but way bigger
Well congratulations to Izzy, He did it and redeemed  himself. He took things more seriously  this time. But it was a kinda like a lucky  punch too that landed.. But he is so good that it is hard to tell it was a (lucky punch tho). And we will let him have his moment. The next fight will determine who is the real champion. But right now Izzy won his belt back and I hope he is really happy. .and not just saying  that.. cause he did lose badly  to Alex on more than one occasion. I had good sources say Alex was not doing well after the weight cut.. so his brain probably  didn't  have enough  water around  it to protect him..pretty  simple  science. Anyone can get koed in that position.. that is what the problem is with this particular  win. Hey but Congratulations to Izzy. He won by Ko. Good on him 👏
Ian Blackowicz called Izzy out for the 185lb. I'd rather see that
2 months ago, I was 100% sure that Usman and Pereira would win their rematches without any problems. Turned out Edwards and Adesanya dominated. I love this sport!
Nah another fight is not necessary. Izzy defended the title like 6x"s  Alex never defended.. Izzy also verbally ended it at the post fight presser Alex needs to go through the gauntlet in the division & make his way back to Izzy
Success is measured on how you react when you been knocked down repeatedly true act of resilience great display of a heart of a champion
Listen I'm a Alex fan Izzy earned his victory fair n square I'm upset but still kudos to Izzy but yeah I'm feeling like they're about to throw Cumshot at Izzy now
Lmao nobody has called Chael the greatest middle weight of all time 😂
Izzy is running so fast from the rematch, no way it will happen.
No
One final MMA fight
Alex vs Bobby the reaper knuckles!!!! Winner gets the shot
Chael Stop Hateing ..Drama drama drama
Izzy ain't fighting him again.alex would bang at 205
What are you talking about Chael ?..Izzy definitely called for Rematch so did his fans. IZZY is a Goat for that KO
Great point Uncle, what does Izzy do next?
Please, Uncle Chael...for the love of God...why do you keep calling this man "Pierra"??
3rd fight!!!!
I still do not understand the narrative that nobody wanted this rematch long-standing champions get a rematch when they lose. We just watch Amanda Nunes Usman get their rematches it shouldn’t be a shocker when the greatest middleweight of all time gets a rematch 😂
Such an amazing post-fight analysis from Chael Sonnen, undefeated and undisputed, never lost a round!
Darren till sitting in a dark room with izzys speech on repeat while binge watching Anime
Izzy is great… but nobody is greater then the bad guy
Adesanya vs Periera 3!! It's the biggest fight for 2023!! It's the only middle weight fight. Izzy has to win the rubber match. He can't opt out of the rubber match!!
No ,,,,,they should leave it now. The Beef is over.
Anyone who wants izzy vs whittaker 3 after izzy beat him twice is simply an izzy dick rider who is afraid of alex beating his ass in a rematch. The kickboxing fights do not count they are 1-1 the only reason to not do a rematch is if alex changes weight.
An exceptional accomplishment by Izzy over a great fighter in Alex . I respect both of these men and look forward to a potential rematch
Where the people who knew Izzy was gonna win but was to scared to bet , mannnn we missed out on some cash
Izzy fans really be creaming over a 3-1 record lol
I fell asleep. FML
I asked for it
Let them rematch down the line at Light Heavyweight
I am so happy
*The Last Stylebender.* That name is so good you have to be great.
I'd like to see izzy gastellum again especially after the performance of the latter. Wittaker can go fight the wolf
We need one more
I loved all of it that Alex was winning until the stoppage. He got overconfident and Man, izzy just countered those punches perfectly. What a sweet sport this is.  Would love a 3rd fight but not right away  💯
Izzy just showed another mental level to this game wow!! Everyone knew it could go either way but for izzy to deal with the power of being beat by Alex so many times and now! Izzy has doe it he stiffened him up! Let's go champ! Izzy tha goat
“I didnt wanna see it, you didnt either…” Me: oh really
I'm confused why would you want to see a rematch. Izzy jst bodied him like he almost did 2 maybe 3 other times ..... I don't wanna see it
IZZY KNOWS ALEX IS TO BE A RISK. HES BACK ON TOP HE WONT RISK IT AGAIN.
POTAN did say all week this will be last fight between us and Izzzy postfight sure didnt mention rematch and sounds like POTAN will move up. We dont need 3 times in a row of the same fight , maybe down the road
I could have told u masvidal was done. As soon as he mentioned retirement he lost. Gilbert is on a rampage, u cant deny hes a beast and at his peak rn.
I think there should be 1 more final match between these 2 fighters to close this rivalry. When Alex won the first match, he gave Izzy the rematch, and it would be fair if Izzy should do the same. But, if they don't want to do it again, that's fine.
Well there are so many good fighters in mw who can face him🤔
Very fn happy!!! Knew he just had a bad night and knew he could pull this off! Good for you Izzy!
Another fight??????? Way too big of a statement Izzy just made for them to do a rematch lmfao
Anyone else in the mood for a monster energy drink?
Straight out of a Manga! He’s a real life anime character 😂
Man on a mission.izzy settled something on his mind that needed to be over mentally. Determination at its finest. Peoples champ.
With all due respect!!! 1 out of 4 is no good!!!
AHHHHHHHHGHH
There’s has to be a trilogy, it just doesn’t make sense any other way.
Chael 100% wrong Izzy said after the fight on a podcast he was thinking of taking time off, but after he wanted to fight Alex again, and he didn't care if it was for the belt or not
They both said this was the last time they were going to fight. It's over.
One of the best Cards, top to bottom, I've ever seen. The UFC is a Strong #2  behind the NFL in entertainment/sports production.  Which is crazy to me, when Champions are not made by a bracket system but put together for and kinda by the fans. Hats off
Can't understand why anyone likes Adesanyas. Pereira is more entertaining outside of the ring and Adesanya is a prick
No we don’t. Dude didn’t even defend one time. He needs to get at least an impressive win or two
If you watch their kickboxing matches, izzy 100% got robbed in the first. I think most people who actually watched the fight agree. Sometimes, I think your average fan imagines izzy knocked out from the second fight and assumes that's the storyline for both. Also, Alex 100% got saved by the bell the very first round in fight 3. The reason we know he was saved is because we just saw what happened last night when he's not. This was never an easy fight for either of them, but I feel like everyone got caught up in the memes, lol. I you can't compare this to your average fighter down 0-3 because this trilogy was way more competitive than it might seem if you're just looking at the records.
Israel wanted a rematch and his SEVEN successful title defenses EARNED that rematch. Pereira laying on the mat, out cold for over two minutes before showing signs of life speaks volumes. I want to see new match ups. Pereira doesn't get an automatic rematch, he was fast tracked the first time, he has to earn another shot. Besides, Pereira belongs in the light heavyweight division, 205lbs is for him.
I'm pretty sure Izzy said that this was his last chance at rediming himself
Israel challenges Jemal at 205. Alex challenges Isreal at 205
No more rematch.
It's over Chael
After seeing what Alex had to go through to make weight on his YT I think he gone move up in weight, Especially after the way he got knocked out.
im happy...izzy has won most of all of there fights issy is just the better fighter alex would struggle with alot of the division who izzy has already beat. izzy is just better even after seeing the 1st ko i still thought izzy was the better fighter in all of there fights. alex has 1 tool in his arsenal.
I would only say that nobody asked for a rematch because it was so obvious.. Izzy had him down bad in the end of the first and being such a dominant champ he deserves an immediate rematch anyway
That's because you are one of us
No uncle bad guy, Izzy wasn’t knocked out the fight was stopped bro. This big fella got knocked the fuck out cold! Had to say it
UFC should take this chance to promote a Kickboxing match for the rubber match.
I hate how everything thinks Alex is the bad guy. Dude is literally a great guy, and deserves massive respect even after this
Izzy called for it
Yes we do need another fight but izzy is running scared like Usain Bolt
Spider Silva will always be my goat middleweight. But congrats to Izzy,percerveirence  paid off.
This was it Chael no rematch needed
Crazy how people are acting like if it isn’t 3-1🤣💀
I mean he literally said this fight will settle the score. So... ya.
Nah I wanted to see this for sure.
Gotta be a trilogy
Anderson silva smokes izzy in his prime. Izzy is good tho
I would say Alex deserves a rematch he desires.. he beat the guy 3 times.. you cant win once and than refuse a rematch or never fight again after that.. seems just a beat unfair izzy had 3 chances and fianlly got him on the 4th chance, at the very least izzy should be willing to run it back
BRAVO à Izzy
Eh
Everyone acts like Alex wasnt crushing him before he threw that shot? It was a lucky ko lol
No one asked for it because they knew it was inevitable, just like the rematch for 3. As soon as the knockout sank in for a little bit the first thing I said was, “Now he has to do it again…”
1 and 4 isn't very impressive. Sounds like he has a few more to go before acting like he just  finished this trilogy. But let him have his min then we they meet again Pereira will finish it, seems like Pereira was very nice to even fight him for a 4th time. So he wins the series 1 and 4.
uncle Chael told you so.
You can tell the wwe is in town the last sport that’s not completely rigged is now completely designed for maximum profits, between the casinos and the Ppv buys this sport is up to the writers
I legit thought Alex was dead. What vicious knockout
"Many have said Im the greatest middleweight...."
These guys are evenly matched and could swapp KOs back and forth for the next few years. I thought Akex would win the first fight but after seeing him saved by the bell in the first I wasn't willing to bet on this fight.
I think Robert and Izzy then a rematch maybe after that
Pereira is going to 205
Huh?  When have people ever not wanted a fight between the #1 and #2? I'm not saying that it may not be asked for less, but people ALWAYS want that
The big difference and take away is the fact when Izzy was KOed in kickboxing, he then came and smashed the entire middleweight division.  That Ko tonight was vicious and going to be hard to recover quickly from.  My money is on Alex going to 205, He looked a lot smaller this time. His chin was suspect to a bad weight cut.
Nahhhh no fkn rematch. Alex got fast tracked because of his history with Izzy.  Now he needs to climb the mountain the hard way like everyone else.
No F#@$ing rematch 😂 Jesus Christ. Enough trilogies. I'd rather see Whittaker vs adesanya as he's earned it, or Whittaker Pereira
They had 4 matches already (including kickboxing). No need for immediate rematch. Wanna see Izzy vs khamzat.
The disrespect of uncle Chael, calling Alex Pierra 😅😅😅😅😂😂😂
Man I thought I was super excited for this rematch and was waiting on it for weeks but thank god I have Uncle Chael to remind me of what I really want. Thanks champ
izzy vs Pierre rubbermatch
The only reason Perera got that fight was because of all the hype. UFC rushed it because they couldn’t take a chance on losing that storyline. And the truth is Perera only beat Izzy twice. It was a blatant robbery the first kick boxing match. Even in the second match, where is he got knocked out. Perera was given a standing eight count. If there is going to be another rematch opportunity for Perera, it should only come after he fights the number two or three contender
Izzy is the fkn GOAT man. How inspirational, believe in yourself.
My favorite two fighters and favorite rivalry in combat sports
“I did not want to see this fight and neither did you”   Bro what?! 🤣🤣🤣 also Chael ur wrong, Izzy DID call for it and said he wants Alex as his next fight no matter what, ASAP. Damn Chaels a crazy ass hater 😂
Lets be clear here, Izzy didnt get knocked out in the first fight. The ref stopped the bout and izzy could have possibly gotten out of that situation. You saw it lastnight he likes to play opossum a little bit. Yes he was rocked but pereira didnt KO him. However, lastnight Izzy did KO pereira!! If they do run it back i think izzy gets it done again. I think pereira has a bit of a glass chin on him and izzy will find that chin again no doubt.
They didn't end the same.  One was a questionable ending the other, the fight was over.
No we don't need another fight. Move on goddamnit.
Izzy knocked him out in devastating fashion... I don't want to see this again. That ending was incredible.
No. I’m good.
I have to disagree with the American gangster. Anderson Silva introduced us to “lapping the division”.  And Chael knows that well
Alex needs to move up to 205 now
“Tough and good don’t always go together”…not one lie detected.
Uncle Chael I have to disagree sir. I was so excited to watch this fight!!! I was definitely asking to see this fight again. I didn't think it would end like that tho
Chael trying to get that Monster sponsorship.
Said a whole lot of nothing
Wow wow So interesting fight
This whole video was absolutely pointless
He still beats off to cartoons so I can’t really be too happy.
Izzy's childhood man servants are throwing  him a massage party like old times.😮
Whittiker vs Perreira first. The winner fights Izzy. Perreira has to merit that spot now
Whittaker is just not on Izzy's level. Idk anyone who wants to see that fight
I really wonder why Izzy, Dana and Pereira didn’t listened to Chael’s advice  Thoses guys lost their mind?
This is a huge reason why automatic rematches are so stupid. So now what, that historic come back by Alex last fight is meaningless? And now the division is right back where we started AND was just paused for 6 months…stupid.
no we dont, listen to joe, 1st fight was a wrong decision, 2nd fight alex was saved by a standing 8 count, 3rd fight he was winning 4-0 or 3-1 until he wasnt, he was and always will be the better fighter, alex can definitely earn his way to another fight but he doesnt deserve the rematch, alex should just move up like he said he would
Did this jerk off say Izzy was winning 4 rounds to 1 in the 1st fight and is the greatest of all time? Why are you shills lying for this dude since day one? You pretend he's a super star , but nobody buys his fights? You pretend he's a class act when he he mocks a Dad in front of his kids and humps men on the ground. You ignore the steroid use? The boring pussy fights. The UFC is dying.
Im calling it now... Alex moves up to 205, becomes champ... Izzy moves up, and the trilogy happens at 205 for the belt... Champ 🏆 Champ
3-1
Fuck  i wanted alex to win so fuck that hurt me so bad man but wat a come back that shit was great
Seems like Chanel is a lil hurt 😂
Whitaker and Izzy should fight again! I was hoping that Whitaker fought Alex and then Izzy Whitaker would have been for the belt
Happy for Izzy.   I wanted him to win.  But,  that canvas ko’d alex.  Not Izzy.     Watch the replay.      I feel Izzy will have to fight him again in a few fights.
Did you just use "people in the sport" and Brenda in the same sentence? Yo, Bapa is a stand up comedian now. Bad fighter, never heard of him
Pereira has to move up. Cutting that much weight is bound to be doing so much damage. Him at 205 will not get rocked as easy. He’ll be hydrated and have more power. He got knocked out cold. It was a bad one. Part of that has to do with him cutting down that far. It seems to happen to guys fighting way under their weight. Either way I was happy Izzy won and did it the way he did.
Now I want to see Khamzat vs Izzy so that I feel a bit better.
Next has to be the trilogy.🎉🎉🎉 Whitaker and the rest are just galaxies below both of these beasts.  Whitaker should focus on Getting a 3 win streak before asking for the belt.
3rd tit worked for izzy this time:))
To be honest I think that the only reason why no one was asking for this fight is because in all of our minds it was certain that that was a next fight.
Chael is always right even when he's wrong.
Alex was fast tracked to a title shot. If he wants to stay in the division he needs to earn the next shot. Make a run at it. Whitaker destroys Alex.
I can't stand izzys bitch ass. I did want this to be over, but now there must be a part 3 one last time.
Been a while since I listened to Chael. That PEE-AIR-AH pronunciation snapped me back quick lol
Still 3-1 Alex, great win but I'm gonna need to see more
You are 1 and 4 vs him. Relax Izzy
I wanted Alex to win but how fucking good was Izzy. On top of that, I don’t want to see a trilogy fight. Alex should move up and stop killing himself to get down to 185
Izzy is one the GOATs.
Izzy V Jones????
No rematch, Alex Pereira needs to do the work like what Adesanya has done!!!
We need perreira to win his next match against some other top tier in the middleweight so he gets a chance to the title
A. P  NEEDS TO MOVE TO NEXT DIVISION.  HE HAS TO DEPLETE HIM SELF TO MUCH TO GO DOWN. HE WON 3 TO 1 IZZY SAVED FACE . A P NEED TO GO TO 205 THERE HE  WILL BE SCARY  AND to LEARN TO STOP TAKE DOWNS. BUT IF HE STAY AT THIS LIGHT WEIGHT AP WILL DISAPEAR.
1-1 in UFC (3-1 overall) so a rematch is obviously needed.
Alex needs to move up to heavyweight to challenge Jon Jones. He's certainly big and strong enough.
Gsp the goat lost and came back, the great ones always do izzy cemented himself as the goat at middleweight
It's funny cause Alex was winning this fight on points😂
If they fight again I got Alex winning the UFC Trilogy that's why Izzy ducking it... And he knows it.. Alex legs kicks and when he closes the distance is to much for Izzy.. and Im a Izzy supporter 👊🏽
Yeah I'm happy
No we don't need another fight his kickboxing wins don't mean he's earned a rematch in mma
The Egyptian statue walked out to that intimidating music only to get ko’d in devastating fashion. While he was down I starting saying “Heyaha heyaha heyaha heeey”. Like the music he walked out to.
no we don't
who the f is vieira ?
Yes it has to happen izzy can't run away from it like he's trying 😅
Jesus Chael
Amen! Alex move up to 205 and have Khamzat come in for the title
Whittaker vs pierra
Just don't get this one Izzy's one of the most cheesy so called man to hold a belt ever and he was losing the whole fight aswell he still a bitch with no class
Izzy has to fight the #1 contender and according to Uncle Chael when the champ looses he is automatically #1 contender.
Chael "I lost all credibility in this video" Sonnen.
I did want it run back. I did hear wrong tho. I thought Izzy wanted the rematch asap. Maybe it was my inner commentary.  Plus I love Izzy, I wanted him to have one more shot.  Damn good point on the trilogy.
Believe it or not , I think Izzy and Alex will become training partners very soon, I think Izzy expressed interest in sharpening those crafty kicks that Alex landed, all in all, the rivalry was amazing and I love both
Imagine what if I got it done, What if I get it  done better than he's ever done it, what if I Butcher him.  Izzy
Its done alez no more chin at that weight
Last thing we need is another Moreno figureido rivalry lol
Uhh..soo..like, Alex stated he wasn't going to fight Israel again after this fight regardless of the outcome of the fight 💭, after he transferred to UFC (MMA) accepting Israel's "challenge" which was in the form of his interview. Anyhow he moved up the 185 division kinda speedily but he was also "that good" that he moved up against his opponents kinda speedily as well (needing higher and higher calibre of opponents until he got matched with the top guys which were obviously the best fights to have) he won the belt he'd beaten Israel 3 times by then...I think Alex might be homesick and is considering going back to spend time in Glory (I think his contract says he can fight in the UFC but he can't sign with UFC permanently or something like that 💭) so the chance that Alex left UFC and went back to Glory at some point was always above 80%. Alex earned his money, EARNED, he was extremely professional with his weight cuts, made weight, competed/fought extremely extremely well! All in all, Regression to the mean, things are back to "normal" 😉 Whatever they do, I wish them both all the best and also....THANK YOU! 🔥♥️👊🏽  Edit: Just watched most of Dana's post fight interview and he suggested that Alex might have his sights set at 205....Alex won't fight Israel again after this, Israel is 185 champion again the division is most likely going to be exactly the same as it was pre-Alex with Israel outcompeting most of/ the entire division. UFC has sort of a issue with 205 now that Jones (long time reigning king of 205) moved up to heavyweight and it seems he'll be fighting a number of fights at heavyweight going up against the division's absolute best. Israel is 185 champion again ✔️ Alex moves up to 205 (highly likely that if he's staying with UFC he'll be intending to reign supreme, Jones esque) 💭💭💭✔️ Jones makes the heavyweight division shine brightly 🔥🔥 bringing with him the possibilities of really great heavyweight fights that everyone wants to see ✔️ everything is A-okay. 💭💭.... .
Like to see both succeed. Pereira needs to move up. He's too big to make that weight-cut.
This was a great upset. But the biggest one will be Stipe finishing Jones In July.
This weight class sucks, mostly Kickboxing and not much MMA.
I still don't get it grandmaster chael. Why the hell wouldn't we want to see Adesanya and Pereira 3? Lol
Izzy Chimaev is the next logical fight...give Alex time to recover....then the Chapel trilogy once Chimaev put back in his place...
Izzy said he got the rematch because of what he did for the sport so it sounds like he did??
Am sad, although a Izzy fan, Pereira tormenting Izzy was so funny 😂.
c'mon Chael, you're obviously the greatest MW.....
This is a stupid breakdown.
Wasn’t it usman who lapped a division first?
If I was Izzy I’d make Whitaker fight Alex since Alex was saying he would never fight Izzy again if he beat him💯
I want to see him vs Du Plessis. Not because I thing he has a chance but I feel like he’s been over performing and after saying he’s the face of African mma now, I’d love to see him get reintroduced with his true ability level
For Chael to call Izzy the greatest middleweight of all time, it really just shows you how humble Chael is. At this point it's obvious that it's kinda just unrealistic to expect any fighter to be as great as Chael. But I think Chael just certified him as #2
No chael lapping was gsp 3 times
Pereira struggles for the weight cut its too much for him,izzy will KO him again They will meet 8n the future at 205 Izzy and chimaev will be next
Lol the way chael quickly added "some people say I am the greatest of all time".
Idk about greatest middleweight of all time, there was once a guy who was literally champion of the division for years but ok🤷🏾‍♂️
There’s no rematch , this is a brutal fight for both of these guys they can’t go again for this level it’s gonna destroy them
Whitaker should fight alex  Winner fights izzy
I don't think we should see another imediate rematch, give it to us in like 3 years where the fighters have evolved and hopefully gone on crazy streaks.
Deserve a trilogy this year mega figth
Always wanted and needed the rematch.. stop the cap with your half assed congrats to Izzy, you said it yourself he already lapped the division so  what other fight did you want to see in the division for the chip? I’ll wait...
Chale.. adesanya literally said its done. So this time u are wrong..
Na I did not see the point of rematch  Guilty as charged
let pierra go to 205, he's too big and old to cut the weight
I was happy for Izzy . I'm sure everyone should have some sort of happiness for someone getting knocked down 3 times and still came back to take that man down . If that's not the story of life then idk what is
Alex seemed to easily have that ONCE again. Can't have them all I guess, 3-1 xD
3-1 to Alex   Izzy the gender bender is a clown   Alex and Khamzat both got his number the dog collar wearing clown
What are you saying? Everyone wanted a rematch. It’s official over now no nead for a rematch
Pereira should avoid Izzy for his health sake, any rematch will leave Pereira further damaged. Pereira has absorbed some lethal punches to the brain in two straight UFC fights.
This remind anyone else of the creed movie that just came out lmao?
Stipe didn’t knock Francis out in the 1st fight 🤷‍♂️
Does anyone know how many times Alex Pereira has been knocked out? Does he have a good chin?
Izzy made an intsant rematch odds better  they can rubber match later down the road if you need too they may meet at 205 one day
rob and izzy 3 just doesn’t seem right, i’d rather see him fight a damn top 10 prospect that’s new, but hey we’ll see
heck id watch them fight again 😂 alex movin up to 205 tho
Rematch !!
I agree .. great fighters, happy for izzy
Pereira hasn't earned a rematch and the finishes are not comparable. We can reasonably move on from this, although the fight could still happen again in the future
Chael Sonnen The smartest guy in every room he ever walked in, or will ever walk into.
Izzy really doesn't want the trilogy, he said in the press conference. I think it makes sense tho
I would like to see Alex move up win one fight, at 205 then fight for the belt if he gets it, izzy moves up and then they have the trilogy.
Nah i feel like its settled, I think THEY both feel its settled. A third ufc match doesnt feel like a trilogy either. They justfought too many times now. Izzy finally beating his boogyman after falling repeatedly is a perfect ending
we dont need another fight Alex needs to go to 205 try to climb the J Hill
Pereira never defended the belt, no reason to give him next shot. Izzy showed he is the better fighter
No, we wanted the first rematch not this next one you're talking about
Chael let's be real isreal got a lucky shot....he had his back against the fence an he threw shots an got lucky. Rematch ehhh I feel like adesayna should move on to the next opponent. I'm not saying his opponent isn't a monster yes he is .but Israel got the win time to move on ..3rd match nah Israel will lose . I got money on it
Let Pereira  beat Whittaker and Victorri before he gets a next title shot !
2-1 Pereira still Izzy gotta run this back twice
Uncle Chael always asks right question "Are you happy?"
Izzy is only the 4th fighter to regain their title in an immediate rematch  4 in 30 years  While being one of the greatest to do it
Anderson cleaned a division then Bones
What do I get the feeling Chael has an attitude with me? I did nothing wrong 🤭
Thank you uncle Chael.
Love Izzy cuz he's a great fighter and he's based as shi!
Alex needs to get a re match
Nah, I don't think it needs to happen again. Alex needs to move up. The UFC will likely revive Khamzat now. One of them is getting fed to the wolf.
Izzy said this one is one and done
his Pierra is killing me every time
There could be a 3rd if Perera stays on and maybe fights someone with better wrestling like Whittaker. Khamzat would be a more interesting fight next if possible for Izzy. He does like a challenge.
We need a break. Let them fight other opponents. If they win another one.
Bring in hamzcat for a title shot. Easy
Sorry Chael no one has ever said you were the greatest middleweight, you never even been a ufc champion, sorry you don’t even make the cut. Yeah.
Chael is such a clown sometime. This take is just pure drivel yet again.
I’m just upset we have to deal with Izzy’s corny ass shit again……
These two guys could fight twice a year and I would watch, they are so closely matched, every fight is awesome and unpredictable
I’ll juxtapose this: first you are not the smartest guy in ANY room. Second, none of those 3 listen to YOU running your mop. I mean really? Are you so delusional that you think any of the 3 of them actually listen to you.
Once again complete nonsense from this guy, izzy DID ask for an immediate rematch he demanded it, absolute drivel yet again from this guy
It's crazy! Jan is already trying to move down to 185!
That was the fakest fight I've seen since....... Well, the WWF It was too obvious Chael is Lu Albano
What does it matter if they wanted it or not? How objective (and relevant) is this commentary?
I don’t know if pereira deserves a rematch even though he’s 3-1 against the man as crazy as it sounds. He’s 2-6 in rounds in the two fights, and he got KOd in the third of a fight he was losing. First win being a comeback Hail Mary tko doesn’t mean enough.
He left him frozen like Elsa
Kudos to Izzy. It takes an enormous amount of courage to want to fight someone a 4th time who you have already lost to 3x. He's proven himself to be the middleweight GOAT.  I think Alex should move up to LHW though. Its probably unsafe for him to cut the amount of weight he does to get down to MW.
Kale.  Ohh crunchy Kale.  They both said this in the press conference.  That this is the one that matters, one and done.  If they rematch it will be at 205 if Alex has the belt.  Rotten Kale you.
Its interesting to think the standing 10 count in kickboxing is the only reason we're even having this conversation lollllllllllllll
Nobody check his chin Pereira is good offensive and when throw punches but have many fighters like that but can't take punch and he come to fight champion so fast don't know how some must win 10 fights or 15 to get chance for title fight and he come from nowhere if watch others who are there for year's
Yess! Yess i am happy!!
Theres a clip postfight where Alex and Izzy are talking and Alex says, referring to the belt, "this is yours"... 🤷‍♂🤷‍♂🤷‍♂🤷‍♂
"Are you intoxicated?"
Izzy did say this is his Eminem moment his last shot his last moment and mafaka hit a grand slam
who is pierra
I am very Happy
Lol fight look fake
we down under did ask for rematch ...... demanding it.  Alex P, we want him to run the guantlet before he gets another shot, or go up weight class......
Need another fight for sure
You have to do a third fight, what happened in the kickboxing fights don't count in the ufc so it's 1-1 let's settle it.
As an izzy fan, chael is the greatest middleweight of all time
I agree no asked for the rematch but yeah we need the trilogy now
Izzy celebrating the way he was little crazy considering he's 1-3!
Izzy stated he finishes scores he doesn’t settle them. To me that feels like a finish from him. I feel like this is over cause Izzy said it was and Alex goes 205.
Gyno is the reason he won. He ko’d Costa with gyno, had how many decisions after, lost to Pereira and now came back with gyno and got a finish.  😅
Whittaker v adesanya  Costa v Periera
He definitely dove?
It's official - Adesanya is the second best middleweight of all time.
Anyone else wanted to see more of the fight especially some grappling. Imo pereira lost it more than Izzy won, he was doin well but kept guard down after combo thrown & izzys right hand was the shot since first fight. Odd to see espec in 2nd round, he stood there hands down for a moment & up came the right, they werent in 5th tired and slow goin for broke.
Uncle Chael, im sorry but i think you missed a bit here ; 1) Izzy did say at the post fight when he lost that his next fight was Pereira (even if he fought someone while he was away, he was coming back to face him next) 2) He did listen to you, all week he been saying this is his last shot, he doesn’t keep score he settles them…. This is one and done….. this is his 8 mile moment (one shot)  So they did listen to the smartest guy in the room and that’s why I don’t try ink he is going to get the rematch
100% should be a rematch. Big miss if not.
I actually don't want to see this fight again, it's done. Let them both move on with their fighting careers..
Izzy vs Hill
My man looks drunk 😂
I'll say it. Homie got starched, Izzy called it weeks ago. Everybody forgot. He is him.
Izzy conquered his boogyman
Good win no doubt ... but for adasanya to act like He dominated and won every single fight vs perreira and that bow and arrow clown stuff at the end .  I'm not calling it luck but that punch that he landed  to win the fight ...he was fortunate it landed .
It wasn’t just Izzy’s win, it was the way he handled the loss to Alex in their first mma fight. Izzy didn’t make excuses, he refocused himself, and he put in the work to overcome. Well done
The canvas knocked Alex P out, not Izzy's missed hammerfist. The record is now Alex 3, Izzy 0, the canvas 1.
✌🏾🙏🏾🐜well put🙏🏾✌🏾🐜God Bless Family✌🏾🙏🏾🐜
I wouldn't be opposed to a rematch to settle it however I would much rather see Alex vs Jamal and Izzy vs Chimaev
if alex moves up and takes the 205 belt, the trilogy would be the biggest double champ fight of all time
Izzy showed up tonight!
I wanted a fresh fight.
Wow... it was beautiful. What a come back by izzy 👏🏿 he was in it to win it. Alex has the power but not the skills.
He did that tho.. shout-out to Izzy. Greatness can sneak up on ya.
Absolutely happy. What a great champion.
What a fight... Cleaned the top 5
Why ? Did Rob get an immediate rematch ? Izzy got one because he cleared the division , Alex need to at least beat Rob for another title shot . He should take out Jamal instead
Izzy was so smart , if Alex was more cautious he would’ve won. Izzy’s balance was going from all those calf kicks and going forward I could see Alex finishing him. But props to izzy to finish him , in the way he did is inspiring.
yup we need a 3rd fight
"there has never been a rematch that was asked for less than this one"... I love Chael but I think everyone wanted to see this fight. "We settle the dispute here. But they didn't say that"...  Both Adesanya and Pereira said that this was the last one previous to the fight
Who's this Pierra he's talking about?
Alex should head up to 205 now.
What IM SAYING. Just Cuh Izzy won’t don’t end the saga. Pereira deserves his rematch too.
Thanks, Chael, for another beautiful video. I was inspired at Izzy's comeback. It was truly spectacular.   I think we should see Whittaker vs Pereira before the Rematch.   Greetings to all.
Izzy got him with the same combo he got Robert Whitaker
Izzy just knocked out a heavy weight
Frozen like............
If im Pereira im going up, Hill is easy food for him (respectfully)
Chael talking but saying nothing as usual. Idk why anyone likes this turd.
You are wrong on so many points don't talk for me and what inwant to see. Your out of touch and are only in in your view so work it's insane and verging on arrogant.
Poatan going there to the cage on normal conditions would win probably, but, too much people licking his balls this is the result.   Now, as a brazilian myself I'm glad that he lost, damn I was leaving behind some IQ points seeing iiiiiidiots like Joe Rogan talking nonsense about tribal, ancestral stuff, STFU, now back to reality.
Silva is still goat mw
Everytime pereira landed a kick not punch he fkn moved izzy every single time how fkn hard those that beast of a human hit!? Izzy as always battle intelligence!
nah Peireira needs to grind if he wants another crack, his way to the title was forced and padded fighting people without ground game, putting literaly dummies standing up with him
We are done....... Alex must go up or make his way around this time around
No one asked for it cause it was expected after Adesanyas dominance of the division
Cumshot Vs Alex
Nah nah izzy gave him an easy title grab the first time! He settled it! If Alex wants it go thru the top names! Respect the champ n what he’s did n done in the ufc!
srael "Scardy Cat" Adasanya is a pro MMA fighter who's favorite activities involve running around the cage and hiding from the boogy man rematch.     |\__/,|   (`\   _.|o o  |_   ) ) -(((---(((--------
Izzy said he's done with pereira... Dana said Alex is moving up to LHW.. it's already over.
Maggot Izzy don't want the heat. Gonna run with 1-3 record. Lmao he got his one and done. It be funny if he takes another Robert fight and Robert gets the same sweet revenge. Lmao
Dana is watching this right now nodding his head I’m sure
Balance has been returned to the universe.  Don't like it? FU!
Izzy wanterd thie rematch... and only this.. and as he said, he earned getting that... so Izzy asked for this...
Izzy won't fight him again. He'll try and call it done.
All the social media MMA experts are silent
They DID say this was the last time they were fighting.. its done, Peeaira didnt deserve to be here in the first place the only reason he skipped the line was cuz Izzy was champ so now he goes bye bye off to another division, fight guys his own fkn size.. these damn weight bullies
No uncle chael im not happy! More listing to Izzys words makes my ears bleed
First thing I said, but now Rob still has to fight piera before he get another shot
Am so so fuckn happy 🤣🤣🤣, Izzy is the greatest
Lmao bro got dropped
cos i dont give a fuck rob vs izzy make it do better chael
Where was Hasbulla 😂 I guess he was busy " petting" his cat 😺😮
I'm happy is won his belt back.
Chael you/we we're saying he lapped the division about mighty mouse before we were saying it about Iizzy
probably the worst take I've heard ahahah everyone wanted the rematch. Although i love chael
Imagine Pereira goes up to 205, gets the belt then Izzy fights him for the trilogy and another shot at becoming double champ
Too much weight cut 😮
Think they made it clear they would try to impregnate each other tonight. We know that's how both roll😂.
Anderson Silva has no case as best ever middleweight???
Of course no one asked for a rematch because everyone knew that when Izzy lost the belt that he would get an auto rematch. Where does everyone get off telling Alex what he should do? Why doesnt Izzy move up to 205lbs? Hih? Why does Alex? Cuz, you and dana dana know that Izzy gonna loose the belt and these two in the same division hurts the division and thats the truth. Who's the stupid bastard? Botched. Izzy so cringe it's embarrassing
Your audio trash or is it just my AirPods?
Only saying day before shouldnt be another fight haha
These two are secretly married. That's why Israel pointed at his son and said this one's for you son😂
Rubber match or izzy VS Strickland
THANK YOUUU!!!!!!! PLEASE PUSH ANOTHER ONE!!! DONT LET HIM RUN WITH A WIN
Alex Pereira will regret his mistake for the rest of his life unless he can have a chance to put it right. it was almost a repeat of their last fight.
Izzy is now easily the goat middleweight
Pee-air-uh is most likely moving up in weight, and izzy pretty much said that this chapters over. He doesn't keep score he settles them. So they mightve had a bit of a gentleman's agreement that this was it
Is fake ufc, just show
I wanted to see this. I knew Izzy could do it!
Chael is great but.. This dweeb spent 4 months saying how nobody wants this fight, how even Izzy doesn’t want the fight (classic Chael narratives), it’s dumb and senseless, etc…. And it just gave us one of the greatest most epic moments and comeback stories in UFC and fight history. I love chael but I rlly don’t give a fuck what he says abt anything lol and neither should anyone else. He’s the smarter than everyone contrarian that I wish would jus shut the fuck up sometimes! Purely entertainment purposes
Bobby Knuckles.
Pereira needs to beat 1 or 2 top 5 guys to get another shot if not he should move up a weightclass
Yes, no one cared and no one caress.
Nobody wanted this rematch ?! If that statement was a ploy to get more comments congratulations Unc lol
Only my man Chael can make a post fight analysis video and not analyse the fight in any way
After tonight the last thing Pereira wants is another fight at Middleweight. The weight cuts finally got to him. After a KO like that what you figure Pereira needs for recuperation? 6 months? 8 months? That added to his current age is just just going to make the weight cut worse. Did you notice Pereira wasn't sweating tonight, at all, when Adesanya was soaked in sweat? I saw the moment Izzy realized Pererias punches were missing something. Did you notice Pereira had some balance problems after missed kicks several times? Weight cut hit him hard and then Adesanya hit him harder. Seriously doubt he wants another Middleweight fight.
If Izzy whant to be the best he need to fight him the third time but Izzy running from it he contradicts everything he said today about believing in your self
Nose bleed guy swinging from rafters catches a lucky strike  We look forward to the rematch that Dana won't allow 😅
Uncle chael is the greatest middleweight of all time he won all his fights including anderson silva twice i mean he made that dude run around with a fake belt from ebay and he beat tito ortiz about 40 times during press conferences alone
I jumped out of my chair. Izzy killed his demon.
Izzy slept him ! His loss was a tko loss not the same.
Sod off Cahel.. Jon Jones was lapping the division before jizzy was even a fighter....
Whittaker is afraid of Chimaev n vice versa
Izzy was always going to get his get back you goofy & no its settled m8
Alex is deff going to go up to LHW and avenge glover. He can barley make middleweight and he isn’t getting younger. Rubber match should be Champ vs Champ if Alex can get the belt.
Chimaev
No more. Pereira should go up. Looks to me that the weigh cut is tearing on his jaw.
Chael, what do you mean 'Noone asked for a rematch'. Literally all my friends WANTED a rematch.
came here to hear Chael say Pereira's name wrong again lol
Izzy didn't look serious in this fight in his appearance, even press conference talked like someone frustrated or compelled to fight when he didn't have to. But inside his heart, he planted a time bomb by laying a dangerous trap for Alex and he caught him. Bravo Izzy
im not sure someone whos 7-2 deserves and automatic rematch.. only certified champions who have defended the belt atleast 2 to 3 times to get an auto rematch, u dont get a chance to be champion for the 2nd time when ur 7-2 lol
he's name is not piera. it's pereira! omg lmao
ur wrong, izzy called for it, ur wrong lol, ur also wrong i did wanna see this fight, u  obv say these things for comments and u obv dont watch izzys content... he said he wants to finsih this dude... he said he wants him next.. he neversaid "ya imma go fight vettori and maybe earn a new shot" no he was saying im gettin my fkn belt back
Izzy gave Pereira a career just to ruin it in a spectacular fasion.
I cried when he won! The greatest person ever to overcome this fighter, he unleashed the dog!! I’m crying so happy for this guy!!
I want 4th
3-1. 1-1 at best. need the trilogy 😁
im happy, yes.
Your mouth works better than your hands bud
Not according to Izzy. He's perfectly content being 1 and 3 against he guy. Apparently Dana is fine with it too. I knew this would happen if Izzy ever managed to win. Queue the "Izzy conquered his demons" headlines, despite the fact that it took him 4 fucking tries to beat the man, but no rematch, right?
Many unknowns, I think Izzy takes a breather, costa vs chimiev and rob vs Alex, who ever performs better gets the title shot  I wouldn’t do this personally but izzy made it clear this is over unless alex sticks around and makes a run so it would have to b done this way ig
After this and Rocky vs Usman, can we all just agree Chael knows fuck all about how to predict fights now?
We don’t need another fight. Alex didn’t successfully defend the belt. Therefore it’s over and time for someone else to get a shot. I thought you were smarter than that Chael.
Izzy did say I don’t even the score I settle them one and done, he work his way back but I don’t think he will
No rematch let Alex move up a weight...  Would love to see him up a weight or two!
Khamza want Izzy next he already said it man I love Izzy but khamza is a different animal
honestly i don’t think we need a third. Alex went straight to the title for no reason other then their kickboxing days. Izzy won this and this should be it. Unless alex is gonna go through the ringer and beat a couple guys with different styles, i just don’t feel he deserves it tbh.
Galactica ahh beat
I’m honestly not interested in a 3rd fight. Izzy won, knocked him out cold. I also think that Alex was helped by the ref with an early stoppage when he won. Alex needs to fight his way through the division to get back to Izzy in my opinion.
Chael still calls him Pierre lmao
Chael you are just jealous to every champion.  Grow up bro.......
Nigéria 🇳🇬✌️✌️✌️✌️
I’m happy
No clear challenger for Izzy right now. Might as well do the trilogy.
No. I absolutely don't need another fight between these two. Time for Pereira to move up.
I think Pereira needs to get a comeback win against a contender to get the rematch. As unfair as it sounds against Pereira. The fact adesanya doesn't want a rematch just goes to show how much adesanya is scared to risk it all again.  He's gonna want to hold onto this win forever .
Pretty sure pereira said this is the last fight when it was first announced but i feel like alex thought if he'd lose it would be to sub/decision since he got knocked out i think he will want to run it back
No u don't look at what he did to dude look atthe pic of the thumbnail u posted that says it all
I am happy thanks
3-1 Twice put down. By the same guy. Years later he gets to celebrate
The smartests guy in the room still mispronounces 'Pereira'.
This is sweet 🍭
Alex wins lhw belt, champ vs champ triology
Yeah am happy 🫡
Great take!!  Izzy cans thru. Shocked me. I thought Piera had his number . That’s what UFC is the best
Lapped was created because of Usman lol
Nah Chael , there only needs to be another fight if Izzy loses, when he wins... then it's a closed chapter.
It’s actually crazy Izzy won just bc no one in the world believed he could bounce back from 3 losses against the same guy especially when during and leading up to the fight it felt like he was walking into the end of his championship chances bc if he loses than he has to restart trying to make it back to the top. Also we don’t want to see Whittaker fight Izzy there is no point for a trilogy when the two fights were won by Izzy the only reason we see trilogy’s is bc the 2 fights were split between the fighters like Dustin and Conner
Great fight. Izzy will continue to have a great career. I still predict Alex will go up to 205 and win the belt there
Pereira definitely deserves a rematch after beating him 3 times
He just threw haymakers and hoped it landed luckily for him it did but thats not what a great fighter does thats what a kid would do
Alex needs to do some work before he gets a rematch, he got very lucky getting his shot when he did. My guess is that he'll move up to light heavy though.
if I was izzy I would run it back with pereira. but I think he wants khamzat
Izzy got lucky
👑👊🏾
He cried so hard for the fuckin rematch to hide the belt from talent in the division
Rob should get to fight for the belt next
Alex Pereira lost his 1st title defense doesn't deserve a instant rematch , send him back to fight Robert Whittaker Winner get's to Fight for the Belt
Potan to 205, bobby knuckles vs the wolf winner gets Israel The Last Style Bender Adesanya
Beware of the four ounce gloves combined with speed..  The boogey man is down cold and out!  Thanks Israel for bringing back to the mma world.  He should go to 205
No Chael, we do not need another fight.
PA-HEIR-RA and roll the second R
i wanted to see the rematch i dont want to see another russian lay and pray fighter from dagestan
Khamzat
What if Izzy waits for Alex to get the belt at light heavy weight, then goes up and gives light heavyweight a shot?
I'm from New Zealand and after Alex knocked out Izzy in the first fight, I desperately wanted a rematch to happen.  Now after listening to the greatest of all time, the undisputed and undefeated Chael Sonnen tell us we didn't want a rematch I realize that I never wanted to see a rematch at all.
Chael is starting to turn into Trump and I couldn’t be happier.
The second Alex went down I said “we need a rematch” The only person who could take it though…..Khamzat
izzy deff is not the greatest middleweight of all time
Right, I'd rather see the Alex trilogy now over anything else. If not, might as well give him Khamzat.
That was a grand finale for probably the best story in the sport. Only way i can imagine another fight is if Pereira has the 205 belt
Awful take.  They aren’t doing a trilogy anytime soon.
"Ya'll must've forgot!"...That Chael is the middleweight goat!!
Didn't Izzy say NO already time for new faces to hit I believe was his words
"One & Done"...
We had to see Izzy pereira 2.. Izzy got knocked out last round.. It was a close fight, he had a huge win streak..   Now Whitaker has a win streak. And he is actually wining more convinsingly now.. I wana see Izzy Whitaker next.. It´s the only fight to make.. Unless Pereira wana stay in the division and go vs Whitaker for the champion fight again.. But Pereira has to put in more work for him to get that title again.. He didnt have that domination resumé that Adesanya had which made him possible to ask for a rematch!!
Chael is 100% correct, Izzy needs to fight Rob next...
Since Alex never defended he's gonna need like 2-3 wins to earn another shot.
Izzy is the 🐐
They gotta break the tie
No need for "another fight" imo. Alex got gifted a title fight because of the history between him and Izzy in another sport, he needs to move up and fight at his natural weight class.
Did Chael just say someone was better then him o.O
Adesanya likely won't seek another fight with Pereira. Too risky. If he consents to another fight with Pereira it'll likely be after 2 years.
Uncle Cheal,  this match was final.
I absolutely I am not in on a rematch at all to be honest
Khamzat vs Izzy
Alex will be back. Congratulations on the ONE out of 4 fights Izzy got. Won't hold him.
I'm with you on this Chael.
Izzy knocked him out, but Alex beat him 3 times and KO’d him twice.
No rematch again. Dana wants that guy alex move up in weight for the next fight
I was sure I didn’t need to see them fight again after that knockout today…. But damn, yeah, who else deserves the shot?
Izzy couldn't let him get close
but izzy did say this is it all the marbles. what you on about Chael P?
I swear Izzy has come out during his post fight press conference saying this was the last one
Love Chaels opinion. He gives u some real insight from a fighters perspective. Something a fan/journalist/analyst will never be able to elaborate on
In all honesty, i do get that people want the third mma fight between them but i would rather see Alex go upp to lhw. That devision lacks stars and need reviving.
We wanted to see it Chael,,we are just not guna voice it I guess.
The other fighters in 185 must be pissed :D The division is dead yet again. I think Adesanya should move up to 205, there are no challenges left in 185, just rematches
I'm with the undefeated Chael P Sonnen. We didn't need this fight in the first place. And no, I'm not butt hurt by the fact that the 'man' with the dog collar won the match, I just DO NOT want to see the 5th between them. Imagine Alex moves up straight away and says, "yeah I know, but it's still 3-1" and just leaves Glizzy in the dust. How much would that irritate Bukkake Adesanya
To dark in your studio
Did izzy thank Elsa for giving him frozen strength?
Honestly,I think whoever is defending the belt, between these two is guna lose. Cause one is defending and the other is attacking.
U are a good person
izzy asked for the rematch. wtf uncle chael about?
The previous fight was a trilogy... this fight was their 4th time meeting and izzy finally beat him 😂... izzy is now 1-3...
0:02 / 7:44 Man im so happy for him! Still buzzing.
U guys are something else !!! Izzy decide on this ? Alex need to go round first before coming to back to izzi
izzy did say it was done for now
Totally agree now the MW div is dead unless somehow Khamzat comes in and delivers on becoming a contender. There is no match that makes sense for Izzy as Pereira can move up to 205 and make that div really exciting specially avenging Glover and keeps his standing as being 3-1 with Izzy but Izzy is now stucked without true contenders
Reason I do t watch your videos Sonnen is because of the lighting in your videos. please fix then I’ll watch. 🤨
Chael said Izzy should not fight Pereira now he talking of another fight. He a chameleon.
Adesanya vs winner of Jamahl hill/ Jiri Prochazka whilst the rest of the division gets their shit together 😂
I don't want to see a rematch. Put Strickland in there.
Khamzat vs Izzy?
Alex needs to fight chimeav and Whittaker or some other top guys. IDC if he has beaten izzy more times than izzy has beat him, he hasn't fought in the UFC long enough to get another title shot right away. Fight some other guys , win a couple times and run it back.
is he on drugs? noone asked for this rematch? wasnt Izzy crying for it badly? and no i dont want to see a rematch again...i want to see izzy get manhandled by some good wrestler.
I'm happy izzy finally got the win but unhappy we now have to watch the Champ izzy fight which is boring as fuck.
Sorry chael the 1st time i heard of “lapping” the division was GSP & you know that 👀😂
I for one also do not want to watch Pierre fight Izzy again either
dana and izzy both said it was done post fight at alex said it was the last fight pre fight so there you go unk
"Nobody asked for the rematch" Huh?
Khamzat is the next MW champ if a fight is accepted by the champ
To he fair, Alex only got the shot off his kickboxing merit and history with Isreal. He jumped the line massively when Izzy gave him a shot, and the third fight in mma could go either way and does anyone actually think Izzy could put more of a stamp on an ending like he did in the last one. Very doubtful. He should let the division move on and fight the next contender
Doing video skits making fun of Izzy before the fight seem to be a curse
Run it back.
Can we please just appreciate PIERA - classic chael mispronounce
Who is not watching this. Gobbling up everything I can find on this fight. Alex looked like he was about to hurt Izzy and then boom!
Alex needs a win or two before a trilogy can happen after a ko like that. I thought Izzy would have a good chance of winning if he utilised wrestling more. Didn't see a ko coming. I guess Izzy did nearly get Alex in the first UFC fight. At the end of the first round. So should have focused on that more.
Peee-aira
Izzy is an anime protagonist.... Lol
I see no reason for a 3rd fight. They have fought essentially 7 rounds in the ufc together and Izzy has lost about 2-3 minutes of that roughly 21 minutes. Izzy is clearly the more talented fighter. Alex should just go to 205. He barely made 185 lbs and it’s extremely draining for him to make weight
Weirdly I feel the opposite. Izzy dominated the first fight and got caught in the end.. he dominated this fight and caught AP in the second. It seems clear Izzy is the better fighter. The result will always be the same unless AP catches Izzy at some point. We already know everything we need to know
Why not let Pereira earn it this time? Like everyone else has to.
I'm tired of people saying it's 3-0, kickboxing is not mma. It's 1-1 it does need third fight to be a true trilogy to properly finish it but depends Alexs decision that weight class is to low for him.
There is absolutely NO need for a rematch, as there is no question to be answered - these guys are dead-evenly matched.  Either guy can win on a given night.  Let them both walk away with one win and one loss, as both have more to lose than to gain.  I think Pereira should move up, give his body a break from crazy weight cuts and clean house at light-heavyweight.
Damn.... I wish I had this dudes mdma hook up... js!
Alex did say this is the last time he's gna face izzy
We definitely asked for this rematch periera hadn’t fought anyone better in the top 5 then Strickland an Izzy WANTED his get back from the kickboxing kos an the first match was 1 and now Izzy got his GET BACK 3-1 = 2  It’s 1 an DONE poaton goes up to 205 THATS IT no more of this talk of another fight smh 🤦‍♂️
Adesanya says it's over because I won. I won't give him a trilogy fight 😂😂😂😂😂 I knew this would happen once he wins.
Whittiker vs pierra
Is there any title rematch in the history of the UFC with such a spectacular ending? I think Izzy just joined the GOAT conversation. Personally, I don't need to see him fight Pereira again. We all know Pereira was fast-tracked to a title shot. He avoided all the great wrestlers in the division while Izzy fought and beat them all. Let's see what Pereira is really about. It's now time for Alex to fully pay his dues. He needs to fight Vertori, Ghastelum, Costa, Cannonier and Whittaker before he gets another shot at the middleweight belt. Otherwise, he can move up to the next division and compete in his true weight class.
Bobby Knuckles deserves another shot. Izzy has won 6/7 rounds v Periera in their two fights periera only won by getting lucky.
Need another fight, coz your predictions always wrong... Dint have A chance to cheat against Silva the submission expert!
No one asked for it? Izzy didn’t call for it??? What do you gain from making this shit up lol L take as well
ALEX SAID BEFORE THE FIGHT HE IS DONE WITH FIGHTING IZZY REGUARDLESS SORRY UNC BUT ALEX DID SAY THAT
This is Amazing!! Overcoming the crowd, the distractions, negativity. This is inspiring IZZY’s experience is more than just a fight, it’s encouraging
Listen before reacting to title. You have a point but the first shot was a gift he needs to string together at least 6 straight top 10 wins for another imo
Chael needs to lay off the coke. He’s not even in the discussion of greatest middleweights of all time.
He had to ruin his fine victory by pulling that cringe pop culture nonsense. When pop culture is your personality replacement you're not in a good place.
Sounds like a super hater 😂
What are you talking about? You are a lot slower than the average sloth arent you Chael? Everyone that knew what this was, wanted to see this fight. And now if it happens again, cool, if not, also cool.
Alex has to clean out other fighters in the division before he can go out & fight Israel for the title again. I think Chael has this wrong. While the fight didn't have a story, we still wanted to see it. Now there is a story, but Alex has got to clean out the other contenders.
ALEX NEEDS TO FIGHT 2-3 people before he gets a free title shot again
Wasn't Mighty Mouse lapping the division too? The only reason you are saying that is because he fought him three times before. If they never fought before a rematch would have been more accepted. There does NOT need to be a rematch. You can say there needs to be a rematch but that's all your view which I respect. The people in the division are there. Izzy said he is one and done. Alex needs to go up to 205 and call it a day. He's too big for 185 anyway.
Everybody wanted this rematch what the hell is he talkin about I didn't want to see any other fighting middleweight besides this
Then Izzy turned into Green Arrow at the end😂
Adesanya is going to celebrate 🥳 the win and get his nails 💅 done
The 3 arrows was personal 😅
Early stoppage.
can we get jiri vs alex please
They should just fight each other until they retire lol
Who the f@ck is this clown? He comes with lies out of nowhere , can you imagine that he said we didn't need this fight 😂🤡
Yeah Chael, You Literally The Smartest!! Lol!! And Yeah Chael You Are Real Smart, Thanks For Saving My Day Again!!!!!!!🤜🤛🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Idk if chael just trolls and trolls but chael Izzy said he wanted the rematch at the post fight presser after the tko finish lol . So idk what you’re talking about
The way Adesanya knocked Pereira out I see no need for an immediate rematch. Izzy was making him look so inexperienced. Bring in some fresh meat for the Adesanya legacy.
No rematch for now, they shouldnt hold up the division
Never been happier to see a guy win a fight in my life.
Adesanya is already tryna duck the 3rd fight 😂
I don't want Whittaker or Pereira for Izzy: I want Pereira vs Whittaker. That's the fight to make as far as I'm concerned. Winner gets the shot.
2033 : Izzy Vs Periera 17
Love your stuff just pls fix your microphone issue
Why is it the thing to be like we didn’t need this rematch lmao ? It was a great first fight and Alex came back to take it. Who cares where their from both fights have been crazy and awesome! Stop complaining about exciting finishes! 1-1 and Izzy over celebrating is gonna light a fire under Pierra. Act like you been there before. The extra punch then the bow and arrow was one thing but the planking is always excessive like when Jorge did it.
WWE just took over UFC, can you tell? If you believe that was real, LMAO!
Chael just be quiet
Whittaker vs Izzy next 💪
Izzy vs Sean would have been a good option considering the trash talk, but Sean doesn't deserve a title fight.
No run it back needed izzy beat him from the first starting bell had Alex moving back  just destroyed him in every way as nan as a fighter izzy was unbelievable.  You run it back Alex will get knocked out again he can't take a punch
Next we going after 205 class.
I'd rather see Alex go up to 205, and give Whitaker the rematch with Izzy. Robs earned it.
10 seconds in and chael asks am I happy? I'm over the fucking moon uncle, izzy was mocked and disrespected by fans/media in the whole build up to this fight and im happy as fuck he got his redemption, big fan of both but how could you not feel the emotion when izzy dropped him. Fair play too him
FYI. Alex did come out and say this is the last time. I saw it a few days ago 🤷🏾‍♂ I don't think he's gonna cut to 185 anymore. If there's another fight it'll be at 205 if Alex can win the belt there.
Pereira said that this was the last time they will fight and I think he mean it, he will probably have a couple more adversaries and move up to face Jamahal Hill
Alex reached his peak .
I would like to see Pierra vs. Whittiker winner fights Izzy for the title.  This eliminates at least one Trilogy as Izzy won the 2and fight against Whitiker only bc he had the belt.
Hell yes I am happy
“Izzy vs Piera” Ok. Izzy knocked out Piera.
We definitely need a rematch 2 for 2 finishes and 1-1, that’s grounds for a trilogy for sure.
No we don't.
What was that 1:32  Lol👋🍑👋
Jeez please don't mention tag-ins anywhere around Dana White....
AM I HAPPY??!?!?! I mean this fight might as well been Russel Crow Asking us "ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED"?!!? Greatest Victory in UFC history. Izzy is now middleweight goat. His legacy is now on par with Andersons and I favor Izzy.
Beautiful KO, Sweet Revenge
Meh for 1 Alex got sent to shadow Relm and then embarrassed worst then I ever seen anyone get trolled in a fight after thinking he was invincible and thinking he trolled izzy do bad that it was going be a easy fight for boi did bet wrong izzy destroyed him as man mentally and physically to no return Alex is whole image is built off he's scary Mike Tyson power but izzy walked him down waebt buying it no more and u saw Alex get concerned the more the fight went out he didn't like that izzy wasn't afraid anymore. Alex can't take a hit and even more so now if the run it back I just think izzy will win easy again .plus I think Alex going to move up and Alex said he was never going to fight izzy after this fight lol. Let's be real Alex don't want run it back after this I think izzy clearly showed he was the better fighter
izzyyy!!!!! WOOOOH NEW ZEALAND!!!!
Trilogy in MMA is that we need.
Alex needs to fight in his natural weight class at 205. He didn’t even make weight and had to lose two pounds. Alex needs to move on.
Pee-airuh leaving might actually mess with Izzy, unless Izzy doesn't want that last stamp.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO IZZY
pereira keeps getting caught with the same right hand again, low iQ decision by pereira
I hear what he’s saying but we’re the fans. We gotta have the third fight.
Bet Alex can't wait to get back from the land of wind and ghosts too see this.
Chael.... Brendan is a fucking clown. Don't sneak his name in amongst respectable people again. Please, and thank you.
The 3rd fight should not have been stopped.
Nobody is more unhappy with this development than Bobby Knuckles. I root for the dude so hard but I'm not itching for that trilogy. I think if Khamzat beats Costa (or whatever top opponent he faces next) I'd wanna see him get a shot. It's time for new blood in all these divisions and not the same 3 names circulating for title shots.
Meh, still 3-1 Alex
Alex moves to 205. They both go on their own streaks until they finally meet in a retirement style scenario so that there's FOR SURE no more fights 😅🤓
but come on, Izzy was winning previous fight as well. This fight game is tricky, because of a round finishing 3 seconds earlier, he could not win. Sure, he got caught, but from understanding the fight, I think everyone agrees Izzy won most of the rounds.
Im not happy. Ended too soon
I don’t know Izzy definitely performed the best in both fights round per round and then the come back , you could say Big P may have got lucky late in first fight  because of brute size advantage but they are both awesome
I think Dana can benefit a lot from not doing  a rematch between alex and Izzy just yet atleast. They can make use of alex and Izzy both and sell some more fights
Perreia vs Adesnaya 3 need to be happen
Very happy. This is the climax of Izzy's career. I can't see a better story arc anywhere.
Fake fight
All the other fighters in the division want there chance at the champion.
Ufc faking is looking worse and worse. Get some acting lessons
Yes Izzy asked for the rematch lol
This is now, where you belong 👊🤘 was super cool seeing Izzy walk out to Trapt. Such a G, and what a KO.
Izzy did say that this settled it, last chance.
Glad Chael still isn’t letting Spencer Lee off the hook dude is hella good but isn’t tough and quit
Juxt apposed,   I'm just sharing w u😂
Alex deserves another rematch. But after a few other fights.
Israel did come out and say it was his last shot tho. He literally said that and was asked about it in the press conference lol
if there'll ever be a rematch it should be at 205 if Alex is ever gonna be a Champ there,but he doesn't deserve an immediate rematch against izzy
Alex can’t maintain that weight his weight cut leading up to this fight looked painful he should move up to light heavyweight
Wrong! One was Frozen Like Elsa!
The only person who i feel bad for is Robert. Poor guy
No he lost while he was in his prime Anderson was old when he lost
It appears you all don't know how to handle Izzy's victory. So let me help you out. Nigerians typically don't handle defeat like Westerners do. It is merely a lesson learned. The person you don't know is coming back to reclaim his championship belt is Kamaru Usman. So with Nigerians, better get used to comebacks from defeat. It is in our nature.  By the way, when Izzy lost, you all wrote him off. Now that he surprised you all with a knockout, you all want a rematch. It seems like you want another chance for him to lose again. If that is the case, then you are all outrageous.
Def need a rematch
These two will fight again, one day. Constant immediate rematches are killing divisions. There's not enough time for the matchups to even evolve. I wanna see Pereira face a top fighter that grapples, for example. He was fast tracked and needs more tests before getting a third title fight. Imagine he gets the belt at 205, then the opportunity opens for them to fight again. Let's wait on this one.
Oh God, the hate Izzy got because  this dude had beaten him multiple times!! I am very happy for Adesanya!! This fight was personal for me and I was for sure that this time was the time for Adesanya to get his title back.
What a legend Izzy is for getting the job done, despite the haters. Me myself didn't fully believe he had it bet on both to win through decision or technical decision, never did I expect the knock from Izzy.  Is Chael always right 😅
No one ever said Chael Sonnen was the greatest middleweight of all time...
3rd mma fight will finish it completely
This guy mentioned Brendan Schaub….
No one wants to see this fight again. Izzy has won 90% of minutes on the ring with Pereira , clearly the better fighter .
i wanna see Whittaker vs Pereira for who gets a trilogy with izzy. Rob wins, Pereira fucks off to 205, Pereira wins, rob fucks off to 170.
WE ARE VEEEERY HAPPY CHAEL
I don't think we'll be a trilogy I'd love to see it think he's gonna go up to 201Cause Dana during the press conference was pushing it we all know how that goes But I think he's vulnerable above the shoulders he's a special man but all those wars he had to kick boxing Showing up
It's gone be Izzy vs Chimaev. That's what us fans want!!
I would like to see like khamzat vs pereira and who wins fights izzy
I'm not the most hardcore MMA fan but I do agree that there should be a trilogy.
Chael you smoke that good ishh huh? You said who didn't ask for this?? Miami.. Alex vs Israel... sold out... ok..
Im so fking happy, congrats to the champ!! IZZY THE GOAT.
Did you guys realise that Izzy was wearing blue shorts?   I believe that Izzy was making a statement that revenge is a dish best served frozen, like Elsa.  Elsa wears blue.
Chael is the sport if you really think about it, he is more like the 24/7 off-site surveillance of the sport and perhaps more than that.
Chael before the fight: I genuinely don’t think we need another fight   Chael after the fight: I think we need another
*Angry Izzy = The New Motivated McGregor*
happy
No it's like the first fight izzy scared to let his hands fly Alex can't fuck with izzy if izzy let's his hands fly
I'm so sick of that mouthy bastard y'all made him overrated and now he will never shut up Jesus Christ
No, stop it. Sick of people saying there should be an immediate rematch for someone who has zero title defenses. Immediate rematches are for long term champions and draws only.
Chael saying Pierra has me dead every time!
Izzy need to let everyone fight each other than fight top contender I think khamzat vs Whittaker would be great
I knew a cleaner called Pierra.
The rematch doesn't make any sense considering Alex would get destroyed by any wrestler. Alex vs khamzat would be a pretty cool way to introduce khamzat to a title fight
Cerebral fighter
Izzy is gonna get smoked by khamzat
Easy to make a case., Izzy as a 7 time defender obviously deserved a rematch. Alex made it to round 2 in his 1st attept at a defense  & went to sleep. No Wittikaer needed. Chimaev moves up to challenge Izzy, Alex goes to 205 so he doesnt have to cut 55lbs anymore.
the rematch is when alex wins the 205 belt
No we don't. We need new blood.
Analysis gone wrong
Possibly the greatest story in MMA history is being written right now. I’m hooked.
Let's go Brandon
Don’t want a rematch right away. I’m tired of trilogies in a 1 year span. Remember when trilogies last for a decade 😂
Khamzat would strangle both these guys in the same night in the first round...
The stakes are all in the next fight, its 3-1 overall, 1-1 in ufc
Izzy gonna go on a big media tour acting like he isn’t still 1-3 against him lmao
When Izzy said believe in yourself literal chills
And I'll add a little more to it okay you was a champ you lost what what makes the entitled to a rematch because it was closed? Because you almost won? No you lost so you should step in line just like everybody else and the next man or woman to step up and take that number one spot 1 spot stop holding up the line because you almost won you lost and the next in line should get the spot or am I wrong we just want to keep seeing the same fight over and over again
Izzy is the goat 🐐
All of y’all counted him out so shut tf up forever.
your lame
Uncle Chael I love you but therez no way an immediate trilogy fight is warranted. Alex is a beast but he was streamlined into a title shot with izzy, fuck the wins outside of UFC, its 1-1, let Alex earn his title shot against top 5 opponents, and let's allow stylebender some grace and time out to select his next challenge as one of the best and most active fighters to ever wear the belt.
the you mean we didnt wanna see this? this rivalry is the single most entertaining fights we have right now. you are washed up chael, i'm surprised anyone takes you seriously on this channel
Fuck he talking about Izzy didn’t want this rematch?!?
Rematch at 205 if Alex takes the belt, that will be more desirable than an immediate rematch
We got our next fight: Dricus Du Plessis!!!
izzy declared finality this war is over, pereira should head up to lhw
I think you can consider your MMA legacy ensured if Chael has mispronounced the shit out of your name.
Ffs stop, just stop. The back to back rematches over and over again needs to stop.  If you want to put these guys together again fine but space it out please. This fight  Leon v Usman back to back  Moreno v figueiredo back to back And there are a number of others as well It seems like every time someone wins a championship now their first defense is to the guy who lost it in the first place  I get that there is respect earned by the former champion but really show some respect to the new champion and have them fight someone else first. Furthermore, give some other top guys in the division a chance to. We don't need to see the same fighters fighting for the belt. If you've been given 3 chances at the belt and you haven't won any of them, sorry you're sitting out for a bit.
Whittaker vs. Pereira to see who gets another shot.
Listen let’s just put everything aside, the finish is not the most impressive thing, it is being able to over come the mental hurdle, the psychological challenge, and to be able to stay focused after everything that happened. Man I don’t think anyone has ever done this in MMA, to lose to a guy 3 times 2of them by KO And still come back stronger to finish him. That’s some crazy shit.
Whittaker vs potan if he stays at 185
Common Chael asking for a rematch is doing too much, wasn't it u that was saying that pereira should fight Jon jones n now ur back tracking....🤔🤔🤔😒😒😒😒🙄🙄
I thought if Izzy was to win it would be on the ground , I didn’t expect him to K.O him on the feet . He did a Great job ! 🔥
How humble of Chael to call Izzy the goat middle weight when Chael never lost a fight let alone a round
Khumshot Chimaev next
No
Uncle Chael, Izzy knows he cant trick Alex into getting close range so he could land them deadly right hand anymore so he wont agree to a rematch
Jones Vs Izzy
Robert should face Pereira to determine the No: 1 contender
Potan is heavy weight the first fight should've nvr happen...I don't want to see a rematch itsnot fair to izzy
I’m happy. Not satisfied. One more.
Middleweight All-Time Greats 1) Chael 2) Chael 3) Chael 4) Anderson 5) Israel
It took over 7 years but Izzy finally got to taunt Alex's son. I know that was very satisfying and worth the wait.
Chael you're the master of your trade...cos you really block out the bias
Izzy said leading up to the fight 1 and done. Post fight he said Alex didn't have to run the table the first time now he has to. And he won't so.. Whittaker vs cum shot winner gets izzy
Has to be the ufc trilogy but sounds like izzy already trying to avoid it
Yo
Saying a lot of words and not saying a thing
Same exact punch sequence that began in the last fight except this time he finished it with the temple shot.  So, not that surprising.  Also, no way he's above Anderson Silva as the middle weight GOAT.  Silva went up to light heavy and destroyed them too.  Plus, Adesanya couldn't even put Silva away when he was way past his prime.
I think Chael lost some money!
Izzy haters are a bunch of racists!!! Disgusting.
“I’m going to leave him frozen like Elsa.” -Mystic Izzy
No rematch! It’s done!
The Izzy we needed
Kamzat Chemiv.
I really thought Nick was going to win
Yes, I am happy. Thank you.
You'd have mauled him...and won if you didn't have a brain fart in the dying seconds of the 5th. Lol. 💪❤️🙏
I’ve been terrified of Pereira since kickboxing. I had dreams and nightmares while this fight was going on. I’m glad I woke up with a KO by Izzy!
Why do you think Izzy doesn't want a trilogy? Izzy probably has a 50/50 shot at beating Alex again. Izzy is about 70/30 with Whitaker. Do you want to see a trilogy?
no we don’t. he settled it
Izzy Vs Hamza next
I don’t think there’s a need for a 3rd fight. Izzy almost knocked him out in the first fight and knocked him out in the second. I’d like to see Izzy go up and take on Jamal Hill.
Naw, this turkey is cooked. We don't need a rematch. Adesanya ended it. If this fight was won by decision then i can see a third.
sorry uncle Chael, a trilogy wouldn't be exciting at 185 but if Pereira moves up to 205 and becomes champ i'd like to see Izzy challenge him at 205 for the belt
As MMA GURU just said. He's a corny, obnoxious, flamboyant, skirt wearing, dog collar wearing, servant owning/trading, pathetic excuse for a human being.  Hell of a fighter though.
Nah, no immediate rematch. If you lose the title on your first defense, you gotta work your way back up
“Piera” 😂
For me who has been a fan of the ufc me personally I am tired of the rematch thing that has been going on in the UFC for way too long. If you lose you should work away back up no matter what just my opinion in the way I think
Thanks champ
Alex Pee-eira
If the 'UFC' can all of a sudden bring Colby out of hiding and give him a title fight they can sure as hell book a izzy vs khamzat for the middleweight belt next
to answer your question uncle chael. i am very happy izzy is my goat!!!!
Alex will move to 205
If I'm not mistaken...I think chale may have been struggling to keep his gangsta in this video 😂. We just witnessed a masterpiece tonight but I think uncles may have testosterone reserves in his eyes were about to overflow.
Most Of Us Wanted It.
Ive been watching this channel for over a year now and I still can't tell if chael is just trolling or actually is below 80 iq
We need the third fight asap!!!!
🧢
Poatan is gonna move up
I don't agree with uncle Chael saying there was no finality spoken before the fight. Izzy explicitly stated that this is his last chance to beat poatan and that he who laughs last, laughs hardest. I think this is a good scenario for both mw and lhw. If poatan moves up and gets the lhw strap, that sets up an inevitable meeting between the two again, champ vs champ. The finality of the epic rivalry is there. He who laughs last, laughs hardest.  Chase your dreams champs 👊
Izzy said it’s done, or in his words, he doesn’t keep score he settles the score. It’s over. No need to run that back when he almost took Perreira’s life in the cage.
been watching fights for a long time.. this performance was extremely impressive.
I’m happy
Lets go, I've told y'all Izzy was gonna win. I said ko in the 3rd but that's how great he is.
I'm so glad I witnessed it...
Izzy is a trashy human being trying to platform off a poor upbringing he did not have
I could not go to sleep until I heard what the man, the myth, the legend had to say
Bro wtf why you sweaty adderall, cocaine?
You can tell how Chael REALLY feels. He's talking trilogy when Pereira is still dizzy and Izzy just got his belt back. Chael can barely hide his jealousy that these guys are living a dream that he will never again get to experience. Chael is officially old and bitter.
Did Mighty Mouse Lap his division as well?
GET TO THE FUCKING POINT!!!!!!
Izzy has dealt with bullying his whole life he's something else a master air bender style trend setter but he's been so loyal to his team and country we're very lucky to have him 💙 ❤ congrats champ 🏆 your inspiring enjoy and take care of yourself ffs to all those who switched and ditched their loyalties to you I swear MMA have some of the most toxic fans the dumbing down of ppl now still blows my mind hei aha (never mind) enjoy CKB Adesanya family 👪 have a few berries for us BBQ is on ❤❤❤❤❤
Very happy😊.....But NO, Alex was fast tracked to this opportunity,  embraced it, then lost it. Immediate rematch was owed to the long time Champ, Alex DOES NOT fit that narrative. Let him Work his way back to the title after 2-3 wins.
Chael even u didn’t belive yourself saying he is the best middleweight ever hahahahha
Can you believe I was going to bet for the first time, that Izzy would stop him in the 2nd. Can you believe that shit lol
Poatan deserves one last shot at reclaiming the belt! For goodness sake we had 4 fights between Moreno and Figgy, so the least that Poatan deserves is a rubber match. Besides they're now 1 and 1 in the UFC and that tie has got to be broken.
Izzy’s right, pereira doesn’t deserve the rematch immediately let him work his way back
Should they be another rematch? Izzy v Alex 3... Nah, at least not immediately... Alex must get back in line fight all the other guys, work his way back up.
So fucking happy for Izzy that he's the champ again by an impressive KO win over his boogeyman Alex Pereira
Sorry. No rematch here. Izzy got his coz he defended title 5 times. Pereira needs to beat 2 top 10 guys before getting another title shot. But I think he's gonna move up to 205. His power would translate well along with the ability to take a shot.
no  we don't.
Give me a rematch
0:21 😂😂😂 chael stop trolling
Israel new the outcome before the opening bell rang
Nah chael is just being humble. We all know he is the greatest of all time, The undisputed and undefeated legend of all time.
Chael is the goat Thank you for making my childhood hope you are very very happy and enjoying life to the fullest🖤❤️🤍🥊🥋🩸!
Where I'm from, 3 is more than 1. In the UFC if you win 1-2 you are automatic Goat.... what a joke.
Pereira should go to Light Heavyweight now and be at his most powerful. Middleweight is a nightmare for a guy that size to make it. Let's be clear, Izzy was rocked hard in the first fight but still on his feet and trying to move to avoid being KO'd... Pereira was sent to the shadow realm today. He was stiff and out cold hard. Dricus Du Plessis should go next against The Reaper/Poatan to decide who get's the next shot
Want a rematch
4:33 this reminds me of that time when Chael lost a round to this guy named Anderson on a technicality
Yes
Sleepy time for the hype job
I spoke a lot of shit about Izzy because i hate the Pearls and his cringe lines but I have to give him credit. 2 solid punches to the temple dropped Poatan in an instant.
This time there's no early bell to save him, no early stop from the referee neither! Who has the last laugh now Ahahahahhaha
Chael, I wanted to see this and they both said this is the last one lol
👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿 AND NEW
What you bro talking about,did u ever got knockout....
OMG! This is the perfect cap to a great night. Chael giving love and props is always golden. Having said this, you're wrong, we definitely wanted this fight with this result. This is a dream night for lifelong UFC fans.
Nobody is saying your the greatest middleweight of all time STOP IT.
Yes, uncle, I am happy😊😊
It’s so wild, everyone in my life was honestly scared for Izzy. We all love him so much that we were scared, we bet and we hoped and we prayed that he would get it done, but realistically Pereira has 20lbs on him and had won 3 fights in a row. But Izzy dug fucking deep, he was absolutely on the verge of collapse and he DUG a knockout out of that collapse.   There’s no question now, you can’t say Izzy isn’t one of the 2 best middleweights of all time. And realistically he’s the 1. As amazing, and I do mean fucking amazing, as Anderson was, the competition is so much stiffer these days. Anderson is not showboating against Poatan, if he does he’s getting KO’d. Anderson is not showboating against Whittaker, he’s getting slept if he does. Anderson is not showboating against Paulo or Kelvin, these are REAL guys.   Hats off to Izzy. He really has made the first third of my year with this fight, and more specifically the heart that he showed to turn it around. There’s not an ounce of give-up in that man.
We got two great fighters knocking each other the fuck out I would absolutely want a third match.
the fights are 50/50 every time its just a chance of the odds
7-3
Didn’t periera say this is the last time ever?
What if Alex moves up to LHW and wins the title. It might set up a third MMA fight with Izzy at LHW, i.e. if Izzy is still the MW champion by then... Taking another shot at the double champ...
I disagree with Chael, Alex should move up
Yes there should be a rematch seems to me issy is scared to face him again. Why not? He got his so give it back to Alex.. beat him for good I say
why is this guy always screaming/angry?
Make Pereira vs Chimaev! The winner gets a date Izzy ❤
What is chael talking about here. I wanted to see it.
In the post-fight...Izzy unfortunately already stated he doesn't want the rematch.  Told the 205's to deal with him and good luck.  Dana said 205.  Do I want to see trilogy?  Reality is 3-1.  2 KO's for Alex, 1 for Izzy.  Does it need to happen?  Chael, get on UFC's advisory board already.  They need the goat's insights.
Silva will always be the great middleweight champion and Izzy never will eclipse him because he did do what Silva did in comparison. Yet he is now the greatest when he did even hold or defend his belt for as long.
told u there will be a 3rd fight, i knew Izzy would win, UFC fixes fights. period
IZZ PEREIRA STILL ON SHADOW REALM
I think chimaev deserves a shot but he has to pass through some middleweights first
Chael Sonnen is a funny guy
Lapping was also due to Usman
Course we are bloody happy
Chael but you're undefeated how can he be the best when you've never lost
Whittaker vs Pereira. Winner fights Izzy again. That’s to test Pereira’s abilities against the “rest” of the division.
Shouldn't dude be trippin on opioids and beating his bitch up at a hotel 😂
I think Izzy verse Pereira is done for now maybe in the future we might see it again but I don't see it happening right away
I love when chael break shit down 😂
Alex will get him in the next fight but Izzy it’s avoiding the rematch from the post fight is should he fight 3 make it Happen
That thumb nail picture has got to be one of the coldest of all time. 🔥 🔥
Izzy summoned the ghost of Ali and pulled a rope-a-dope. Hats off to the man for getting it done under such incredible pressure.
Tito tapped
no shot, alex is chinny as fuck at 185 too big of a weight cut
The one time champ who got fast tracked needs to go back down and earn it again. Lets fast track Chimaev now
Wonder boy needs to jump up and fight Izzy…that would be awesome.
I just find it funny everyone is now saying Izzy is an inspiration, true champ, etc. But a few hours ago EVERYONE was SURE he was gonna get killed, frozen like Elsa etc.  MMA fans make no sense, maybe WWE fans and MMA fans are the same after all.   Heels, Champions, "popular", it's all made up.   People don't think for themselves anymore. They eat what is fed to them happily.  1 1/2 years ago no one even knew who who Alex was.
yes im happy, ur right  but ur title is is so wrong, Its over between him and Pereira, lets move on IT's DONE!! Its Settled!!!!!!!For NOW
Chael we didnt need the rematch but now we need another match
Didn’t chael literally say pierra came out and said this is it like the other day? And I know Izzy at the press conference said this is it all on the line. Now chael is saying neither of them said it. But whatever chael says goes.
Uncle Chael is always right.
Alex needs to go to 205. Period. He probably walks around as a Heavyweight.
I mean to be fair in the post fight press conference izzy and Dana both said it was done with. Rematch isn't happening
I don’t think there needs to be a rematch. If Alex can climb the ladder and beat 2 people in the top 5 then give him that rematch. But a trilogy at this point doesn’t make any sense. Alex needs work his way up and prove that he belongs. I know he beat Adesanya, but he got fast tracked because of their kick boxing history. Put him up against Whittaker at the very least, and if he can get past Rob then book it. But that might see Alex’s hype train get killed before it can gain any traction
As far as a rematch, In my humble opinion I don't see why Izzy would rematch Pereira at least right now. The reason is actually quite simple Alex won the title due to the end of the 1st round time running out the first mma match and Pereira hung in their and got the win. However, Alex didn't defend his title tonight! If a guy beats the champ and that champ has beat everyone and defended his belt multiple times then the Champ obviously deserves a chance to run it back. Izzy took his belt back immediately so I think that puts Alex going back out and fighting his way back to another title fight. To be honest though Alex belongs at light heavy not middle weight. He could easily come in to a small heavy weight with his size and build at his natural weight of around 220 lbs. He obviously has the power to contend in both light heavy and heavy weight class.
I felt like Alex was a bit too confident and rushed for the KO. If he waited til the 3rd or 4th round, he would’ve been able to beat Izzy! Not to take anything from Izzy’s performance tonight but I’d love to see a third MMA fight between these two great warriors
Alex moves up wins and defends, izzy moves up in the future to chase Alex like Alex chased him
Adesanya finally beat a guy his height
Izzy might be the best at Middle weight.. but Uncle Chael is the Greatest of ALL TIME through all WEIGHT divisions.
To be honest chael while I thought Alex would win I doubt he gets a rematch I don’t think he wants to cut to 185 anymore and then I also don’t think with Alex having no defense helps his case the last fight was a 5th round tko while this one was a 2 round clean ko so that being said I’d like Alex to get a chance but I doubt the ufc gives it to him especially since he was fast tracked to the title in the first place.
Cheal seems a little bitter here...... not a fan of this look
Damn! Are we going to see something like this again? As you said, so dramatic and it was. Go Izzy, but Perreira made the event IMO
Nobody has said Chael Sonnen is the greatest Middleweight of all time… it’s Been “Anderson Silva” and the spider only
very
Adesanya was offered/given that k.o.! It was extremely telling! Pereira was just out of character leading up to the fight. Pereira was not really intent on winning this fight. Everything around this fight was just... odd! A whole lot of open witchcraft and weird stuff! I don't believe in MMA anymore! It's all about the $$$!!! Where are Poatan's post-fight interviews??? He knew, he was going down! Adesanya knew he was given this fight on a platter! Hence the weird stuff done/said leading up to it, from both sides! And...no! They will NEVER fight again! Mark my words! In a REAL FIGHT, Adesanya cannot beat Alex Pereira!
It really is their own fault for not listening to the undefeated undisputed champ
Many have said Chael is the greatest middleweight of all times 😂😂😂😂, how can you not love this guy. Also, where does Kevin Lee fight into this. LMFAOOOOO. But for real, Izzy definitely wanted this rematch, WTF??
Put more Light in your room sonnen
Prime Silva beats Adesanya.  Their fight was a glorified sparring match.
Well stated.👏
We need a movie based on this storyline
i thought "lapping" came from Usman Im I wrong Im this?
We don’t need another fight Alex should move up to LHW he can probably be champ up there without depleting himself
But Adesanya already told that he ain't giving Pereira a rematch.
The taunt izzy did after with the bow will go down in history,,absolutely amazing moment
Anik and okomoto were calling for Izzy vs khamzat. I’m in for that.
Chimaev is going to be a real test. Chimaev will rag doll him in grappling and submit him within 2 rounds. Chimaev will be a very tough opponent to beat at a weight class he doesn’t have to drain himself so much for.
I was wrong I never saw that coming
We dont need another Alex should never had been competing for a title shot after 4 fights GTFO here with the hype trains real fans dont mind watching a fighter grow over YEARS if your buying into hype your a market point not a fan.
Welcome to the UFE Era of MMA (Ultimate Fighting Entertainment) thanks Vince for writing Izzys comeback.
How has Izzy passed Anderson Silva? He was more dominant over the same division for years
Izzy was 2 leg kicks away from being finished. I think a trilogy is in order
The closest to hitting behind the head ever.
Chael dont what to talk about.
Yes Chael. I am happy.
I think Robert should fight Alex for the number 1 contender spot....thats if Potan remains at middleweight
You don't get a rematch for never beating a top 5 guy other than the ONE guy you're tailor made to beat. There's no rematch, neither guy wants one.. Alex goes to 205 and Izzy says he's moving on. Also no one gives a fk what you ask for... You're a content creator dude.
Wtf is he talking bout
the energy in the building was insane watching that KO 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
There are two types of consciousness :Soul based conciseness vs Animal based consciousness. consciousness by itself is an innate idea and for any conciseness to exist there must already be consciousness(Allah the most exalted) to begin with because physical matter(atoms) does not just randomly transform into thinking human. Thoughts are a distinct quality compared to mere carbon skeleton(How does the carbon skeleton acquire the process of thinking when thinking and carbon skeleton are distinct entities with atoms having no characteristic of life and yet atoms have miraculously gained life). Heart is a faculty of cognition that all major scriptures(especially Quran) talk about which houses the soul. if the faculty of heart is impaired human being is blind to realities of God therefore descends to the level of lower than animals. you have somebody like Adolf Hitler whose brain is very sharp(able to efficiently process empirical data and make associations between it) but his heart(soul) is impaired therefore cannot process any spiritual data which is based on mercy and love and is purely driven by ego based consciousness rather than Heart(soul) based consciousness.  Congrats to Israel Adesanya
Is it safe to say that pereira's chin is his weak spot?
Part 5 now
L take. Nice job Chael. Another casual
No we don't lol
Bro no one wants to see them fight again.. atleast not no immediately.. Alex will move up weight and Izzy will remain champ until he retires
No we don't need another fight
How? Izzy was dominating the first fight and then got caught, and then knocked him out in the second fight. Why would anybody want a rematch?
Im happy, izzy is a legend ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Didn't you say this should be over, now you are saying we need another fight
Izzy vs Piera 🤣🤣🤣
This fight is a personal lesson for me if u can knock a guy out at will let it come to you never Chase it his face will fall in your hands when u that great of a striker like Alex
Yep
Chael was bored watching the fight knowing he could take out both men at the same time with his eyes closed
It's 1-1 in mma, kickboxing is a different sport.
I think the kickboxing matches are not part of this trilogy. It's like playing 2 games of poker, and  then one game of chess. It's not the same game.
Izzy let’s them get close 🫂
Bro when adesanya dropped in front of that dudes kid that’s when I realized adesanaya is the greatest middle weight in ufc history that shit was funny
Israel did absolutely say he wanted the rematch, right after the first fight. The reporter literally asked him "a rematch is what you're going to hunt for? and Israel immediately replied "of course." Gaslighting mf Chael lmao
The curse continues
That knockout looked like something out of WWE.  Totally unconvincing and fake af.
All the Izzy trolls are quiet tonight they must be sleeping with Alex at the hospital 😂
I love this our uncle,,,uncle Chael said bet ur money on Izzy and fell free and safe...🇳🇬🌝
I did want to see the fight
Anyone saying no trilogy is a biased izzy fan whose scared. Be fair!
I also think Alex is too big for this class. He has to cut too much weight. His size overall just isn't for this class he needs to move up imo.
Chael: "I did not want to see this fight and neither did you." Me: "Yes sir."
Don’t forget ST Pierre was the first to lap the division
Nah. He slept Alex. This ain't kickboxing. Alex didn't even deserve a title shot.
I don't get why anyone would oppose another fight.
@Chael Sonnen It is OVER WITH NOW. IZZY put him to sleep. That finish was concussive and final. He closed the book. NEXT: Alex move up to 205. There won't be a 3rd fight. Izzy to fight khamat Chimaev not whittaker. NO ONE WANTS TO SEE A 3RD.
We need a rematch.
Who cares
Idk about another rematch because haters will say izzy got lucky. But he didn't imo at all. He caught Alex with the same ear shot. The same that almost KOed Alex last fight but the bell saved him. So with izzy getting only what 2 mins? From winning there last fight. Then to KO Alex Tonight makes me think that izzy will win of they fight yet again? So I don't think we need another. It would be different if Alex was winning more rounds in the last fight. Not saying Alex got lucky. But but he almost lost. So if we look at only the ufc fights between them. Izzy was the better fighter in both fights imo.
For some reason neither Izzy nor Dana want the rematch. Seems like it’s motivated by money than anything, now Izzy can generate ppvs again because he has the hype back behind him.
If we take the goat Chael out of the greatest middleweight of all time discussion, are we saying that it's Izzy? Rn I still think anderson silva takes it but I'm interested in what Izzy needs to do at this point to overtake Anderson
Dricuss is next if he can win. Izzy called him out in post fight interview without saying his name
No need for Izzy vs Alex 3. Izzy got immediate rematch because he “lapped the division” was a great champ plus the First fight in the UFC Izzy whooped his ass for 5 rounds. Yeah izzy got finished but he got caught. second fight at no point did we see Alex dominate Izzy, Izzy knocked his ass out clean, I felt bad for Alex and I was routing for Izzy that knockout was brutal! No need for third fight
Chimaev has the inside track to Izzy
Legend has it that Alex is still sleeping inside the Octagon 😂
I never thought in a million years that Izzy would win with a knockout I thought he was gonna win with a decision if it happened
They need to fight again
I really Thought Alex said this was it no matter what.
Izzy won the 1st fight in mma besides when he got dropped. He dominated this fight. Time for p to move up to 205.
All these people talking shit about traditional African garments....it's cool when they do it
Ummm Izzy did say he wasn’t fighting him again…
I am izzy fan and i am glad he won....but alex had him with those kicks and izzy had no answer to them ...all alex had to do was keep his composure and keep chopping those legs and look for the finish in 5th. Alex lost because of inexperience and a little overconfidence ..but credit to izzy for his possum move alex fell right into it
Nah no more....cause Izzy was up 3-1 in the first one.
No Chael. No rematch. Need fresh fights!
Probably cost Alex a straight shot at the belt.  Almost certainly.
are we happy??? that was a ridiculously good card, and Izzy closed it out in amazing fashion, yeah we're happy, only people who aren't happy are Izzy haters, who have had to stay mad for years now 😂😂
This my go to after fight night  💯. We always appreciate your insight.
They are 1  and  1 in the UFC. Trilogy run it back.
SOOOO BORING......we are back to the old fights
Did Chael miss when both Izzy and Alex said over and over in the prefight interviews that this would be the last fight between them..?
We all happy, "my shin sliced him like a katana"
An amazing knock out! What a great champion!
No other fighter on the roster could overcome a mental challenge like that and win in such a fashion. Izzy is the MW GOAT
That was one of the knockouts of all time.
That follow up shot,  that's where it's at.  Let the one you tag him with be the setup and that's a wrap
You understimate Izzy at your peril. What a shutdown, kwii 👊!!
No one is gonna mention how izzys gyno was bigger than ever? It was jiggling when he had the belt on jumping up and down ? .... really? When he put on the dog collar in bed his tit was literally drooping tf.
No dude can we not do Alex Izzy 3 😂 this needs to be over
Yeah this whole video is all about how Chael is punishing everyone especially the fans for them not listening to him lol. I’m not sure Alex is ever gonna fight again the way he went down lol. Give me Bobby Knuckles
I’m broke AF and bought this fight of course I wanted to see it. Now I want to see Alex fight for free @ the APEX!!! I’ll go bankrupt for Izzy tho
Even if they said this was it... We would need the next one because of the drama.
I think whittaker fight can happen now because of this outcome. Izzy lost a decision, lost 2 fights by knockout and came back to win in spectacular fashion. Same storyline for whittaker.
Izzy said no other fight.
I won, and proved you wrong, I won my money and now Dana clearly wants Alex to move up
I think Alex should move up because watching his weight cut video he was killing himself to get to 185. If Alex become LHW champ maybe we will see this fight again, but I don't think it should happen again at middleweight.
Can't wait for the trilogy
Izzy vs Pyera🤣
Hell yeah I'm happy, this card was great. Gastelum, Font, and Holland all busted ass
One of the best fights ever, a life lesson too
Chael is tripping when he said none of us wanted to see this, this is one of the few fights I bought instead of illegally streaming. Easily the most hyped fight of the year other than Connors return and jons return
The bad guy will always be the best
Who's to say Bobby Knuckles couldn't come out and do exactly what Izzy just did? Shit happens
Wow that’s a big claim from chael. I agree this was a  iconic fight. Alex came from very humble beginnings. He deserves the big paycheck he’s getting.
I swear Izzy said it’s done maybe I’m crazy?
Would Pereira move up to 205? I thought he came to MMA only for Adesanya
To answer your question, Uncle Chael, we DON'T rebook this fight because--and listen closely, because I learned this from you--Israel Adesanya told the correct story. He said before the fight that this is it. One and done, for all the marbles. He doesn't keep score, he settles them. IT'S OVER, according to the world champion. He already told us.
I'm devastated. Can't stand Izzy.
The history, meaning and message behind this fight is awesome. Great stuff from 2 excellent strikers. But what now? Trilogies and rematches for Izzy, or maybe superfights? It's probably gonna be Bobby Knuckles but I don't think that fight is going to sell well. We need something special for Stylebender. Maybe something crazy and impossible like... Chimaev? :)
Let’s put the Izzy-Pereira fights to bed. It’s over now. Izzy vs Khamzat should be next
Izzy came through, KO’d a guy who everyone thought ‘had his number’. And I don’t think Periera deserves an immediate rematch; he hasn’t put in nearly the same amount of work in the division as Izzy. He really needs to fight Whittaker or Khamzat first at the very least..
" Izzy vs Pereira, are yea happie? 🤔 🤔 " -Chael
Alex needs to get the 205 belt and then have the rematch
I would hate to see the third fight i just want izzy to be champ
My guy, I am happy 😂. Chael I love you mehn. Couldn't wait for you to drop your take
I asked my friend last night, what if Alex died in the ring from a devastating KO? well thank God he is well , but I felt something big coming
There isn’t gonna be another rematch Alex lost a whole bunch of fans tonight
Can confirm, I am happy.
Izzy taught us all a lesson today. Not one... He taught us many lessons by winning that fight.  There's nothing else to be seen in a rematch. This is not science.
Make robert fight khazmat  Alex izzy 3
chael just says random english words generated by chat gpt at this point
I don't think he should have lost that first match. It was called too early
Yes! Incredible
Alex is actually trash. Knockout artist with a chin (round one end first fight). He’s gonna get washed at 205.
I don't know why but I don't feel like I need/want to see a third MMA fight from them. Idk it's kinda weird because they should have a third fight. It makes sense to have a third fight. I think really it's a few things. Izzy was a dominant champion before he lost to Alex. He lost in the late 5th round after basically dominating the fight. Then he came out and won tonight in spectacular fashion. and also Alex just isn't a middle weight. He walks around as a heavyweight. He just really needs to move up to 205. Although the weight bully argument really doesn't apply now that he got knocked out. So idk. Maybe I'll feel different tomorrow or in a few days. But I'm satisfied with moving on with the division.  Also there's no way in hell Jan's big ass is cutting to 185. And I don't think khamzat deserves a title shot at any weight class much less the one he hasn't even fought a real contender in. So I really have no idea what I want to see next for Izzy.  Shit put Bo Nickal in there and see what happens 😂
How about Whittaker Vs Alex to get a title fight
Yes I am not satisfied, I want Izzy to KO him again.
sir, i can see izzy is dodging the trilogy already the 3rd fight wont ever happen sadly cuz izzy is scared to death
Nigeria representing. Glad to see the man reclaim his mojo by slaying the dragon of his past.
Can we all just admit Alex lost the first fight and then got a Hail Mary?
My blood is still boiling.  What an occasion to make a statement Izzy  The walk out (both of them)  The fight  The celebration That possum move  The speech    What a night for izzy
Why do we have to? Let alex just move up and lets go from here
Adesanya vs Chimaev is next !!!!
Adesanya wants Dricus Du Plessis.. did anyone pick that up on the post match press conference??
I say Rob vs Alex, winner gets Israel . Meanwhile, we do Israel vs the madman😊.
Was amazing. So hyped
Very happy Chael 😊
Sorry but cheal  is smoking dope like the homeless in Oregon lol 😂 Izzy asked for the rematch lol
Where's all of the insecure Izzy haters now?
They both said several times before the fight that this was the last one
I want Pereira v Adesanya 3. For everything. It's gotta happen
Izzy is a goat 🐐   congratulations  to laststyle bender ❤ nice ko had Alex frozen like Elsa
Well Alex did KO Izzy that one time in kickboxing but Damm…Izzy almost killed Alex tonight, he legit looked dead😮  Edit: the first one was far from a knockout dude, it was a standing TKO, Alex almost DIED the man has only 9 mma fights let’s stop the madness
New mythical fighter: Gyno Izzy
What are u talking about.  We all wanted to see the rematch
IZZY IS THE GOAT!!!!! You can not deny it and if you do…. You don’t know shit about the fight game
Never heard Chael lie until just now when he said Izzy is better than Chael 😮
Prime Chael smokes Israel. Unlike Silva, izzy does not get that submission at the end of round 5.
Here I am, immediately watching Chael Sonnen post-ufc like every man, woman, and child is supposed to.
Middle weight goat and only person to beat Jon Jones (toe hold)
Who here thinks Izzy is going to jumped up in weight. Champ champ?
It's over.  Pereira will move up now.  As you said, I did not want THIS fight.  I sure as heck don't need to see it again.
Never lost a round
It’s over man, he sent em to the other realm.
Don't worry there won't be a rematch. Alex has gone bye bye
I agree only because the two fights have delivered imagine a third one
Izzy and Rob are 1-1 2nd fight was s robbery
Nope. DDP, Khamzat, Costa, and Whittaker need to fight and the best win goes against Izzy next. Poaton needs to move up.
Last time that man will ever make fun of Pikachu.
What's the point of Alex potentially winning the belt off Izzy again if he ultimately wants to move up?  The only way I see the trilogy is if Poatan goes to LHW, wins the title and then they do champ champ.
whitaker vs khamzat
hell yeah dude this is legendary!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
shit card
Anderson Silva is still the greatest middleweight of all time
The first fight between the two Alex was given a title fight without earning it cause of their history but this time around after being KO'D badly Alex has to earn it by fighting his way back up & beating the likes of Khamzat, Whittaker, Gastelum, Cannonier, Costa etc
This was the vicious hungry Izzy we seen coming up . The one that went to war with kelvin gastelum the one that break danced into Melbourne and snatched the belt from Rob. We just seen it in Jones  when fighters dominate a division for so long they get bored unmotivated. But when you put a new mountains to overcome. It lights that fire in them again
Early stoppage, Alex was pulling guard
Khamzat next .......just think about that fight
DC is jealous he will never feel that feeling that Izzy felt
Kamaru Usman might have something to say about the usage of "lapped".  ...I know this sport isn't rigged but cot damn this fight couldn't have turned out any better for the UFC.
I don’t know why everyone is saying they need a trilogy. If that wasn’t the most emphatic settling of scores then I don’t know what is. If it wasn’t such a bad KO I would agree with the trilogy but dam !!! Pereira started the beef so many years ago and IZZY just ended it !!!
Alex is in a tough spot what will he do? I think he should fight Robert Whittaker and then fight Israel Adesanya again
Good job izzy🎉
I'm not happy can't stand izzy and his chessey act can't listen to him at all hope Alex gets a rematch and flatlines izzy
IZZY IS A GOD
Yes we need a third but alex needs to earn another one he has not had enough fights in ufc like izzy did to earn a shot ... Khamzat next
we better get a third fight, it is neccessary. but dana white makes it sound like we will not, and pereira will move up to light heavyweight instead. that would suck
I can be the goat too if I get 4 tries 🤣
PLEASE DONT PUT SPOILERS IN THE TITLE. I literally just woke up to watch that card.
Double champ incoming?
Legit ruined my year for fights lol I wanted Alex to finish Izzy SO bad but not this time, 1-3 Hello Darkness my old friend..
chael said all week this the last one and now he posts this 😂
Real life Rocky story!× 💪💪💪
This fight is a personal lesson for me that if you have faith in yourself, despite the entire world calling you names, you get there. Big salute to Izzy.
Periera is moving to 205, way too much weight cutting for him at 185. Dude is heavyweight lean.
Where does Francis fit into all of this?
CHIMAEV. That’s a money fight man
Let's see Alex win 2-3 matches before a rematch. Izzy has put in the work before to get the immediate rematch. Alex hasn't.
The reaction I’ve been waiting for 🥁
BRO FUCK THAT. Khamzat is NEXT
Put some respect on his name!! Izzy is an actual beast to KO Frankensteins Monster!
I was watching season 17 of the ultimate fighter again but he look Uncle Chael posted 😁
I believe that if Alex had beaten Izzy 100 times and Izzy beat him just once at the end, he would be happy with that, and I think we should be too.
Trilogy needs to happen
Chael is constantly demonstrating he should be next in line for Dana's position.
Izzy got the best ending turned Alex into ice 🧊 feels like when Jon came back
Chael couldn’t even believe himself when he said Izzy is the best middleweight of all time knowing it’s himself 😂😂😂😂
All the bandwagons are so pissed rn lol they didn’t even know who Alex was 2 years ago
Adesanya vs Khamzat is wide open now. If not whittaker?
Strickland needs his arse whooped
Yo chael why wasn’t anybody calling anybody out after their match?
For all the people that think Izzy is boring, think again… he left one of the best strikers in the ufc frozen…like Elsa
I will never understand how anyone besides blacks from africa can realistically support this clown adesanya. He is still 3-1 down and all these morons act as if he is 99-0. Whatever, I wish for 3rd fight in the UFC against Pereira and hopefully Poatan kills him in that octagon now after all this clown shit adesanya did
I have no idea how Alex is still alive after cutting the amount of weight he does mutiple times, it's gratuitous and he needs to move up in weight immediately.
lol chael made a video of why are they fighting now its we need another fight
Congratulations chael. I know you’ve been wrong on your last 10 main event predictions but tonight is your night!
Left him frozen like Elsa 🥶
He didn't have to call for a rematch it was instant,he defended his title 7 times his rematch was set the second izzy lost....pretty simple really
Great Recap but a big mistake at the beginning. Uncle Chael Sonnen is the greatest middleweight hell greatest combat athlete of all time unmatched. undefeated. undisputed. 💯💯
Khamazt is good test for izzy
1-1 . It was just like last time but in reverse, alex was beating izzy untill he got stopped. I want to watch fight 3 but i dont think izzy would agree now. He wants no part of alex anymore and also weight cut is too big for alex
there won't be another fight. Alex is going to 205
Alex vs Izzy 3 or 5 with Khamzat vs Costa in the comain
Gastelum needs to fight Izzy again
So is Chael gonna call this a lucky like he said when Alex won?
No rematch please. Let Alex go up to 205. If Issy wants to go back up to 205 and they happen to cross paths again then fine.
IN the dead of the fucking night Chael you are one bad motherfucker!
Pereira moves to light-heavy, fights 2-3 times and retires.
Yes I'm happy I knew izzy could do it
the world wants borz vs stylebender
Alex too 205
Alex needs to moved up to the 205 lbs division because it needs a competition.
Izzy set that trap and Alex took the bait.
115 👍
Genuinely happy for Izzy. Well done mate
What a sequence for the win, the division really needed Izzy to win here imo, excited to see Alex at 205
we need khamzat vs stylebender!
"Lapping up a division like a Dog" -   Israel "dog collar" Adesanya
Nope....
Isy is no 2 and uncle is no 1😂
Its borz time 🐺☝
I am happy uncle chael
Alex will be on ssi disability for atleast a year chael. By then he will need to fight a contender
REMATCHHHHH
It was nice to see Izzy finally get revenge against the guy who's had his number his whole career, I know that must have been satisfying, but I agree, they have to do the trilogy next.
1st
Poatan got too confident and doubted his opponent won't happen next time
He clapped him so hard, I thought he was dead. Then he shot him with his own bow. Now watch the hoppers ditch Pereira.
3:1 for Pereira....  To hard weight cut for pereira One more fight whats everyone wants
Needs a third MMA fight imo.
Crazy good, what a KO!!! 👊💥
That was such a flash KO. Seemed like it was being brought to him, and just like that....BANG!
Alex said this was the last time
Yes Chael, I'm very happy
Very happy. What a great couple of fights. Ild love to see another but I would also love to see Alex go up a division.
Yeh first time uncle Chael predicts right 😂
I am so happy 😂 There is nothing more satisfying than seeing the reaction of Izzy hater 😀  This feels so good
King izzy
Chael vs perrero is the fight we need rematch of gangster vs wannanow
"From the GODS!!!"
God Damn it I am not happy, that disgusting Izzy wins, it is horrible
First
Pretty sure alex said that this was his last fight against izzy
Don't know if Izzy's right hands, imaginary arrows, or the post KO floor drop directed at Lil Pereira  hurt Alex the Most
UNDEFEATED UNDISPUTED BEST TO EVER DO IT UNCLE CHAEL
Yeah first comment like my comment ❤❤❤
all time bitch move by izzy to not give pereira a rematch
Round 5 let’s go. One more time.
This fight was so freaking good
Alex should move to 205 imo. The weight cut doesn’t help his chin.
I speak for EVERYONE when I say We NEED A THIRD FIGHT‼️ Alex was winning the fight until he let his guard down and got overconfident.
Happy af 😊😂
❤
one of the greatest sports moments i got to witness live
I AM PISSSSEDDDD
I'm not happy
Classic Chael 😂
no reason for another match 🤣
no need for a 3rd. closed case
FACTS
Masvidal greased
Alex needs to move up. Cutting 50lbs is too much.
True and real
Yessss i am
First
REMATCH THIS
LMFAO
First
