Go to https://blinkist.com/mentourpilot for a 7 DAY FREE TRIAL + 25% OFF Premium Membership  Thank you Blinkist for helping me make this type of content! 💕
I wonder if they went to the closer airport if he could have landed it. These stories are heartbreaking. 😢
These pilots had no chance of surviving , pallets of these batteries should be carried in bomb bays for rapid dumping
Why isnt there a halon system? Idk if that would have helped in this case.
Do they screen all checked bags for batteries? I don't trust that people wouldn't pack them through ignorance or idiocy
Haven’t finished listening yet but I’m wondering - would this have ended differently had they gone to the closer airport?
Maybe all cables should run thur the top from as early as possable?
They're gonna make it! They're gonna make it! Oh wait I've watched this before...😥
I was working with GSS at the time the accident report was published. We changed our procedures from ‘land at nearest appropriate airfield’ to ‘land at nearest available’. Great video MentourPilot on a truly horrific accident.
This is truly the most horrific of all these videos ive watched
Thanks for your video. But its Persian gulf not arabian!!!
I wonder given the nature of fires if it's better to just not even wait to try to make it to an airport. just try to do a controlled ditch onto water.
What a sad Story. Maybe they can equip the planes with Lithium runaway blankets, they do work but expensive. Perhaps any cargo that contains Lithium Ion should be wrapped with those blankets.
My question as a totally lame to this field is why they did aim to any airport at all? Sounds a bit like a truck on fire pulling into a petrol station as they surely have fire fighting equipment... very bad idea. It isn't like they flew over the arctic circle so ditching the aircraft to the warm seas would be my only option, fire solved, plane damaged beyond repair anyway, no one would re certify that fuselage and smoke contaminated instruments ever again in any case. Then maximum fatalities are 2, this was very lucky they did not take out half of a city, the first thought I had was this outcome - fumes in cockpit, uncontrollable mass barreling towards population. Why oh why.
Why didn't they open the window, lower altitude and open the window?
Pretty clear if you just would’ve continued on to the west hundred miles to the airport, he would’ve been landed deplaned unsmoked what a horrific situation but that decision was made when things were still under control. I don’t understand that one along with coming from 25,000 down to. 10,000 that’s a lot more oxygen for fire another decision that was made one still pretty clearheaded
Passengers regularly disregard requests to remove  lithium ion batteries from checked luggage in the same way they disregard putting smaller bags under the seat in front of them and not bringing belongings when evacuating...
I'd like to make a positive post to this very sad story. 81 now and started flying at 16. Never flew, only ever a passenger. In my life I have flown all over the world by dedicated pilots. I was in the RAF hence much of my early travel was in the hands of military pilots and crew. Then I started flying commercial and I'm pretty sure many pilots would also been exmilitary on those days but time marched on and airlines started training their own pilots. So many pilots I only recall a few. The captain who boarded before me in Denver wearing a magnificent cowboy hat impressed me as did his flying from a very snowy runway. I recall ATC telling him to take off and he replied "I'll take off when I'm ready!" He also warned us he would be cycling the undercarriage a few time, so the wheels wouldn't be frozen up when we landed in Milwaukee. Another was a superb female captain who flew me from Dubai to Manchester in an A380. Great plane, great pilot.  I'll finish up here by thanking all those aircrew that enbled me to safely fly such vast distances. Not forgetting the flight attendants, ground crew and ATC staff. Thank you guys!
This is horrific and unnecessary...  All cargo to have sealed bays for dumps.....and venting. CO2 will work, and be safe; also controllable.
Co2 dump.... timed vent, Co2 dump.....timed vent, aquire nominal elevation.  Repeat Co2 dump and vent. Eliminate fire so one can aviate, navigate,  and communicate; instead of aviate firefight, navigate firefighte, and be overcome. Controled Co2 dump can solve the problem. We can figure this stuff out.
Cargo bay CO2 dump.
So sad... i couldnt watch as a specialist emergency doctor... ive seen burns... hate it (at a somewhat visceral level) for what it does to the body
I was in Dubai when this accident happened. Very, very tragic!
If there really is an afterlife, I hope these men are in a place of peace. I cry every time I think of this tragedy. It makes me angry it happened, although I know good things came from it, I keep thinking about how much of a hellish nightmare they went through
I have never understood how there isnt just a simple button that configures the plane to the nearest airfield and autolands. Or why ATC doesnt have this technology so that they can help even in situations like these.
Here're some solutions NOT present in NTSB recommendations at 34:30, hope it helps 🙏  20:50 Boeing could consider moving the backup oxygen pack to below the pilot seats.  22:24 is a perfect case to use AI to handle switching the radio frequencies based on voice commands.  22:39 a satellite phone should have solved the communication issue. Don't you think a $300 million aircraft should have one?
Why isn’t there a way at this point to dispense smoke inside the cabin? Like what’s worse dying from smoke inhalation and the plane crashing and exploding or some specifically designed for smoke hatch automatically deploying on battery power sensors for when the smoke is to heavy inside the plane. I know someone could be sucked out but if everyone is buckled in sufficiently to negate the force of that amount of suction though vents . Obviously specifically designed vents would have to be used but they can be made. They absolutely can be made. Something like this needs to happen or if it does exist, it needs to be widely implemented. And if it’s a pressure then there should be a way to push the smoke out regardless of pressure. There’s just gotta be a way. This stuff is so sad but I can’t help but feel like this is just so stupid. Why can’t we figure this out? Heartbreaking
Where did you hide that Kilo???
open hatch in back release cagro out  design it like that
Hey i love your videos but i can't help but get tripped up between you switching the visuals between loading a nose loader B747-400F and the UPS plane which to my knowledge is a B747-400BCF (Boeing Converted Freighter) which doesnt have the ability to perform nose loading operations! Anyways i love your vids keep it up!
Why didn't they just try water landing?
Literally just saw a video of people blocking an evacuation due to a laptop fire because people were trying to remove their baggage 😑
So unfortunate about Pack-1 giving problems just around that time.. I guess regulations just can't cover every possible combination & permutation of problems the universe can ever throw at us! + I think that batteries should always be shipped (literally) not flown.. sure it takes longer to get there, but industries that use batteries must just get used to ordering a few weeks in advance for their production needs. + I've watched quite a number of fire-on-board incident reports, & very few survive - & I've come to the conclusion that unless you're literally one glide-slope away from an airport, probably the safest thing you can do in case of fire is to get the aircraft down ASAP even if it's in a field, or if there's an ocean or lake nearby or underneath, ditch in the water - you just don't have TIME.  Some months ago, after watching one of your videos about some guy's laptop that ignited on a flight, I thought for a minute & realized just HOW MANY items I have at home, around the house & garage that use lithium batteries: 2 laptops, 4 mobile phones, cordless drill has 2 batteries, cordless edge-trimmer has one, 2 power-banks, 2 two-way UHF walkie-talkie radios, a shaver, a Garmin.. so I went around the house & garage collecting all these batteries or items with batteries, and I now store them in my wife's metal baking pans (she hasn't complained - yet!); my laptop is perched on a glass pane elevated ~50mm above the table surface..
I know I’m 3 years late, but the “the smoke googles” made me chuckle 😂
Lithium Batteries? all mobile devices have them.... all our phones, cheap and expansive, out laptops, smart watches... and yet they are all fine to fly with, because the flight corporations prefer to endanger their customer, over loosing them, as no one will fly with a company that blocks all their customers from traveling with mobile devices...  Also how come the modern planes dont have any fire protection systems? WTF is this inflatable bullcrap? why not just add a high powered air pump to vent the smoke out, without the need to be at high altitude???  a few high powered air pumps in the cargo hold could also work well, but hey... they had to cut costs somehow dont they? so now we have inflatable toys that will just melt on the pilots face
Unfortunately, the procedure of remaining at 25,000 feet and stifling the fire would not have been very effective against a lithium battery fire, for the exact reasons you mention later: They provide their own energy and oxygen. They do eventually burn out, but this can take quite a while and they tend to smolder for a long time after the initial thermal runaway.
Ditching the aircraft was a better option than trying to land on the runway, even in the earlier moments when the smoke just started to enter inside the cockpit, they could have considered this option
would it not make sense for someone to fly in the carghold during freight flights with hazardous cargo? like someone could just see a fire and immediately put it out rather than investing millions in safety equipment that may or may not work
You expect a professional pilot to know that it’s called the Persian gulf… but apparently not even mentor pilot knows basic geography… as one of your Persian fans. It’s very disrespectful. Everyone that has ever been to a simple school knows the name of the gulf… even your own map in the video edit shows the name Persian Gulf and yet you pronounced it Arabian gulf ! what happened to respecting your audience by providing valid information ??
Shocking sad end for two men doing their work. May their Souls Rest In Peace ✝️
It's so sad that the pilot disengaged the auto-pilot. As I see it, it would have given them more time.   As for the cockpit, couldn't powerful extractor fans be installed, to minimize the smoke? As for the crew, on a freight plane, couldn't there be an "ejector mechanism", or are they required to have "skin in the game"?  Regarding fire-in-the-hold, couldn't you flip a switch so that the hold is filled up will cold carbon dioxide, which will be heavier than air, and starve the flames of oxygen in this way?
I wonder what was declared as being shipped.  I cannot believe airplanes would allow a blank waybill to be loaded.   So they must have declared something misleading.
HEARTBREAKING
Are lithium batteries banned from cargo yet? If not why ?
I had my own lithium battery emergency. I was driving 60 mph along a two lane highway. My daughter had a vape that exploded between her bare legs. It looked like fireworks in the car . I quickly was able to stop and she was able to get it out of the car. We sat there watching it smoke and burn then it exploded again. She wasn’t injured or burned.
Not sure why they used night video graphics for a daytime flight and crash before 1600 in the afternoon.
Despite everything.  The 1st officer almost landed that plane.
When you see Black and White “UN3480” on a package, you really need to be aware and think about it.  And what it has caused.  This tragedy is not the only one.
When you see Black and White “UN3480” on a package, you really need to be aware and think about it.  And what it has caused.  This tragedy is not the only one.
terrible.
I actually avoid having Lithium batteries at home if I can-they burn with such intense heat.
And they want planes to fly all-electric 🤨😬
I can't imagine how terrified that FO must've been, it's one thing to fight till the very end alongside another person, but to be in a situation like this all by yourself, and ultimately dying alone... That is a truly chilling thought.
Oh, this must be the reason I had to wait an extra month to get a Japanese 3DS delivered back in 2011.  Remembering that still makes me feel annoyed.
Bro there is a fire, and they decide hey let's go the longer way to reduce workload...stupid decisions give u stupid results
34:45 I'm terribly sorry, I'm not a pilot.... But I'm certain things like this would have been thought about before this, though it takes a tragedy to implement them. It makes sense that we'd be learning from mistakes in the 50's, 60's and 70's. But stuff like this in this day and age,  there has to be people considering it and coming up with solutions before it happens. Pardon my cynicism, but in my opinion it's a cost vs. practicality until it happens.
34:19 Hero
32:50 the poor man had given up. My condolences.
I really hope that whomever shipped that cargo without declaring the lithium batteries received some justice.
Absolutely  heartbreaking 💔 😢  They tried  everything  in their power  to land ! My deepest condolences to their family. May the precious  souls on board  Rest In Peace 😢🙏❤️❤️
This was a terrifying incident, but what stuck out to me the most was your reminder about lithium ion batteries. I carry a lot of electronics with me when I travel, and I've always made the macabre joke that "I have enough lithium ion batteries on me to take down an airliner" but this video showed me just how horrible of an end that would truly be. I will make sure I am more careful about how I carry batteries from now on
FO was a true hero. But they both did their best and didn't give up. Absolutely heartbreaking story. He so nearly pulled it off...
I hope the client who didn’t declare the batteries was jailed
Can't he open the Sliding Windows for getting oxygen-fresh air?
It might be worth mentioning in this context the importance of not checking any oxidisers in (they can reduce fire suppression systems efficiency)
I will continue to call her anything I like, none of it will be pleasant and none of it will include the name Sussex, much may include the name MEAGAIN, perfect for someone who can’t talk about anything but herself, and lots of it will include, include “As Ever , yah what don’t you mean if ever, and better still not ever.
just a minor correction, Sharjah is pronounced = Shaar-Ghaa, Shaar-Jhaa or Shaar-Qhaa.
Reminds me of the ValuJet 592 crash in Florida. Never good to have both oxidizers and fuel in cargo together. Horrifying.
I saw the smoking plane from my balcony when i lived in Sharjah, i was around 10 back then. I remember telling everyone and being told i was imagining until i guess they saw the news next day. Thats what made me wanna become a pilot
Bro it’s not pronounced shareya its sharjah  /Shar ja/ 😂😂
Ugh this is a tough one. What an amazing job by these men! Heroes that kept fighting…horrific accident and nightmare for any pilot
The instant you mentioned “lithium batteries” and “fire” I knew we were in for a ride.
Incredibly sad story.  Well told.
When flying TAP from Zurich to Lisbon I was forced to leave my camera bag ( handluggage) for transport in the hold ( at the gate)even though I explained the amount of lithium batteries in my bag. how many kilos would be an issue ?
That's one of the saddest stories I've ever heard 💔
@MentourPilot Have there been any studies or simulations to determine whether this would have been survivable had they kept on to Doha?  Sorry for duplicate comments. Trying to get the mention function to work.
Lithium fires are no joke.  So much energy concentrated they're near impossible to extinguish until that energy is spent.
I can't help but think that, if the first officer had been able to land and the fire had been extinguished, the captain may have still been fatal after collapsing from smoke inhalation.
i love watching these videos and i think this is the 1st time i actually felt frightened and stressed watching, just the thought of being all alone, struggling to breathe (which is my biggest fear), blinded by smoke and burning hot while everything else is going on around is scary, Both of those pilots are heroes. It also hurt me hearing how pilot passed away because he couldnt breathe or find the backup oxygen mask.
Is there a reason that we even ship these on planes besides getting them somewhere faster? Toss all those batteries on a gigantic barge ship where its in a metal container surrounded by water. Wild how fast those batteries can go up in flames considering how frequently each day we all use them ..
Capitalism caused this. UPS just had to maximize cargo space by adding more underneath the cabin.
How common is this on passenger aircraft?
Wow... that was heartbreaking. I literally have tears in my eyes... THANK YOU SO MUCH. I finally understood why you are not supposed to have batteries in your cargo luggage. I still complied to the rule when flying. I just couldn't understand why. I love your channel.
He was soo close to land but at the end he couldnt
Would it be possible to design containers that allowed to suck put air out of them, to prevent batteries catching fire? That’s probably an incredibly stupid question, as I was really bad at science at school.
Thank you for your nice explanation except the term “ Arabian gulf” which is a fake name. As a pilot you are supposed to have a better knowledge of geography and maybe a little bit history. Refer to the slide which you used in your video at 5:30 minute which is clearly written “Persian Gulf”.
Sometimes when I’m walking around my house, I put my arms out like wings. Helps me turn sharper.
Lithium batteries are very hard to extinguish due to them producing oxygen so they definitelly need to be in a very special container designed to withstand self proppeling fire, extingushing it have very little effect.
I wonder what would happen if the pilots broke the windshield? Is it something that could be done? Would it blow the smoke away considering that there was no cabin pressure anymore?
I can't imagine the feeling of the pilots from another aircraft that relays the UPS's call. They are the closest that understand the horrible experience of that first officer
not declaring the batteries was truely criminal here...
Maybe lithium batteries should only be transported by land, trucks or trains, not even on ships. I wonder, do they still fly batteries after this accident?
To me, this is the saddest accident. They had no chance. At least in other accidents, the pilots are able to try and recover control of the plane, but in this case, not being able to at least SEE what you're doing so that you have the chance of saving the plane, is just so very sad and unfair.
I thought these Electric batteries are safe
RIP. Both pilots were heroes.
So sad! Opening the emergency exit in the cockpit wouldn’t have worked? That’s what I was thinking all the time. There would have been an incredible amount of wind blowing but would have cleared the smoke. Or maybe made the fire worse?
The map on the screen says Persian gulf but this dude says  Arabian gulf!
Unfortunately, lithium batteries don't need outside oxygen to burn. These poor guys were doomed.
This broke my heart I was hoping the whole video that they may by some miracle survive
Those lithium batteries are a manace. They regularly cause fires at waste disposal sites.
The preservation of life is formost,i do not accept the litany of arguments about why it is impractical to have parachutes on airliners!
who up mentouring their pilot
The stuff of nightmares!
So Sad..
Just a thought here, wouldn't it be possible to open a cockpit window at low altitude?
I was allowed to check in some luggage with AA batteries in it. I even remember asking the lady helping with the check out and she said it was fine, to not worry. It was the pile inside my toothbrush ._. Was it that risky?
PACK1 off during a cargo fire alarm should be an instant warning in the cockpit. Over 15 minutes of fire alarm in the cargo should result in cargo depressurization. The landing auto-pilot should be able to do a 360 automatically when speed and alt are too high. Why fly at 25000 ft during fires, and not at max altitude (above 11km) where there is the least amount of oxygen ?
23:05 Didn't Dubai have any radios than could have been tuned to the frequency that the accident aircraft was on? If that would have been option, the only relay message they would have needed to transmit is to tell the frequency the accident aircraft was still using and they could have re-established the communication between Dubai and the aircraft.
Complex aircraft like this should have a failure mode that allows a pilot to fly "blind" with the most basic controls and inputs and very little vision required. That, or an emergency HUD helmet with its own supplied air that can show super basic information. Fat fingering a single digit should not be a condition for failure.  I guess a plastic bubble is one way to do it 🤷
I think for the plane like that, they should have a parachute. i mean, only 2 parachutes, how much will it weigh
I‘m a freight forwarder and having had a lot of shippers try to sneak batteries past me without declaring them, this video gave me maximum chills. The freight industry is of course trying its best to keep these things from happening and our rules and guidelines have become so much stricter (which is a good thing), but there’s so many people working as shippers that have just no clue what they are doing, so we as the aviation industry have to make up for their mistakes by spotting them in time. After watching this I will look at my shipments 3 times instead of 2 now.  Great video, not just to entertain, but also to sensitize those working in the industry. I’ll propose my company to include this video in their safety training, to show people what can happen if we don’t take our job seriously. Of course we all already know about this accident, but you explain so good why some simple batteries in a shipment can have this huge effect if not declared/treated properly. I hear way too many people say „Huh, it’s all going to work out just fine“. You show what happens if it doesn’t work out just fine. And you even make it interesting to watch.
Clearly one ” take me home” button is needed? What’s s the point of having all these technology but ultimately useless when really really needed?
Awaiting a UPS delivery (already too late...) I'm watching my favourite YT-channel (Petter!). I think we need not only smoke detectors, but also fire detectors, aka thermometers.
Why don't they leave the cargo compartment pressurised? Wouldn't it be both cheaper and actually safer in a case of fire to just leave it locked with no air?
5:06 it is "Persian Gulf"
The last living pilot lived the most horrifying experience imaginable. :(
too many things mainly happens at night times ((
dont we love lithium batteries! haha
Arabian gulf????this is persian gulf for thousands of yrars😡you are helping some artificial todler government has made by drawing lines on map by england after ww1...they want to stole it from persia and made some historical heritage for themself....this is persian gulf forever....
Ejection seats would have saved their lives. While it isnt viable for passenger planes for obvious reasons, it certainly is for cargo aircraft. Sometimes overweight, in warzones etc. my utmost respect for those guys. I dont know if that is a good thing but you can lower the overall safety standard a little on cost grounds if you provide Ejection Seats for the crew. Would reduce Air cargo costs quite a bit
Ejection seats would have saved their lives. While it isnt viable for passenger planes for obvious reasons, it certainly is for cargo aircraft. Sometimes overweight, in warzones etc. my utmost respect for those guys. I dont know if that is a good thing but you can lower the overall safety standard a little on cost grounds if you provide Ejection Seats for the crew. Would reduce Air cargo costs quite a bit
Going to the far airport was dumb
Quick question. It’s mentioned at the end that if you drop your phone beneath the seat or between the seats, not to try to get it yourself but to call a flight attendant. I’ve always wondered why. How is them digging it out from under the seat any different than the passenger doing it? I think a lot of people would think it’s silly to do that. But I know there has to be a specific reason for that instruction. And thank you for making these videos.
Quick question. It’s mentioned at the end that if you drop your phone beneath the seat or between the seats, not to try to get it yourself but to call a flight attendant. I’ve always wondered why. How is them digging it out from under the seat any different than the passenger doing it? I think a lot of people would think it’s silly to do that. But I know there has to be a specific reason for that instruction.
10:25 goddamnit report CapDouglasLampe48 for throwing 21:02 holy shit blud actually inted his whole team then dc'd wtf this mf should've been vote kicked by foMatthewBell38 the second CapDouglasLampe48 decided to turn around to Site Dubai instead of going to the way closer Site Doha ffs gg ez throw
I think the titel is missleading / wrong. Fighting for your own life, has nothing to do with heroic but with survival instincts. If the only other option you have is death, than it's not about being heroic or brave b.c. if you would do nothing, the worst outcome would be 100% coming.
I am shocked a heavy freight aircraft doesn't have a fire suppression system of either Halon or inert gas.Both aircraft I've been on have nitrogen dewars both for fuel tank atmosphere inert-ing and to flush the cargo compartment.
I don’t mean to be rude here, but the cost of that beautiful plane and the technology on said plane, you’d think that when that fire first started, there would be a camera and something to alert the pilots right away and have something to keep it contained and/or put it out. Luckily there wasn’t any other souls on board. Like omg. It all ends in a big clusterF for those poor pilots.
And what about the company that didn't declare the dangerous goods?...
Lithium batteries must be kept under controlled temperature & humid conditions.  As close to STP as possible. In reality  they are NOT suited to be used & stored out in the elements where they be drenched in pools of water or subjected to very high temperatures for extended time.
Would it be possible to set a slow descent rate with a minimal speed and ditch into the sea?  The cockpit on 747 is located quite high, should've improved his chances
Tragic. The Captain reacted like a trained professional during the most stressful situation that one can imagine. The First Officer should be considered a hero. His final action while flying the aircraft was to spare the uninvolved people on the ground. He could have given up and resigned himself to his imminent fate with no regard for the outcome, but NO. He did not do that. He chose (I believe fully aware that he would not survive) to crash that plane in an unpopulated area.  RIP to two clearly great pilots that were dealt an unwinnable hand and still tried to come out on top!
Lithium-Ion batteries are the absolute worst if they go into thermal runaway. When I was in cell phone repair, we didn't actually have a way to extinguish them. The only thing we could do was to bury them in sand to try to contain the fumes and heat but you had to wait for it to burn itself out.
Lithium batteries does not need oxygen to burn - it is a chemical fire...
reminds a bit of the ValuJet Flight 592 crash in Forida (May 1996), similar issue- cargo fire due to a screw up loading Oxygen Generating Canisters  that were still functional. They'd been tagged as expended instead of expired.
A stupid question maybe but could he not have opened his windshield widow and let the wind disperse the smoke
It’s a miracle there weren’t mass fatalities on the ground, considering a gigantic 747 crashed right into the middle of a busy city. RIP to the pilots🕊
I AM FROM DUBAI I SEE DUBAI INTRANTINAL AIRPORT AND A380
They should have went to the closer airport
I’m rewatching your videos as I prepare for CQ, and man, this one is extremely tough to finish. The situation is absolute nightmare fuel, and it’s heartbreaking hearing so many small details that had they gone differently, the outcome may have been different. What if they’d gone to Doha, what if they’d stayed at FL250, what if they’d captured the LOC and GS the first time, what if Com 2 worked
This was among the most disturbing flights I've seen so far, other than MH370 and etc.
Were those batteries from Israel?
Why not include voice input in the cockpit for such emergencies?  Set heading 095 and the computer would set it and read it back.
Its called persian gulf.
Fire breaks out. Emergency declared. Has a closer runway straight ahead of him... but decides to turn around and head back to a runway twice the distance away. What the hell??
I don’t understand why this fire could destroy so important components. The lining wasn’t enough
Nowadays we could use VR to have all the instruments displayed in case of emergency.
If you break the glass of the cockpit the side glass it wont help?
These poor guys ..terrible. Do these planes have the small cockpit window I’ve seen opened when the plane is doing a taxi? Maybe could of used that to vent the cockpit if it had that
That was intense! Wow I cannot imagine what was going through that first officers head. RIP to both pilots.
Poor dude did his best still doesnt managed to survive
As an absolute amateur I ask myself: a.) why didn’t they choose Bahrein instead of Dubai? 80miles less means 80miles closer to a solution.  b.) why didn’t they fly close over the sea? They could have land it directly into the ocean like Sullivan in the Hudson River.  c.) why do cargo jets do not have ejection seats?
Lithium ion batteries are the first choice for any electronics where it's important to pack the maximum amount of energy in to the smallest space possible BUT that also makes them dangerous. There have been numerous fires caused by these batteries, not only in aircraft, but also in people's homes (eg. electric scooters). To make matters worse, they don't need a supply of external oxygen to burn - they have all they need inside them. To operate safely, the charging and discharging rates need to be carefully controlled, which is why it's important to only buy battery systems from top brand suppliers who have the engineering resources to design them properly. Even then, top brand products have been known to catch fire and when they do, the resultant chain reaction can result in an explosion. This is why they should never be packed in people's hold luggage. If you have them with you in the cabin and one catches fire, then the cabin crew know how to deal with it, but if it's in the hold ... well, there's no chance.
I remember this story covered by MayDay.. they made it so real  Such sadness in this story.
Hi @MentourPilot Is there another platform that I can share your videos from? I'm trying to refer to your videos on Wikipedia pages but Youtube is blacklisted in Wiki so I can't add your video links in Wiki pages.
It's also important for anyone that is shipping things to know the rules about what needs to be labeled as containing lithium batteries and hazardous goods. These items will likely have a surcharge for special handling. In most cases your cheapest option is just going to be shipping ground and not express services. FWIW, USPS Priority mail is considered express and is largely handled by FedEx.
People don't understand how dangerous batteries, especially new high capacity ones are.
10:45 but almost double the distance is imo to much. We are talking about at least one of the most time critical emergencies you can have in the air and then time is the most important
Why is there no way to just drop all cargo?
The moment you hear about "fire" , u  start to descend and land , land on water, land on land, could have landed on Doha
I fly all the time-I'm in ATL airport as I type this, actually.  When I check in my bag and they ask me if I have any batteries in my checked bag, I always tell them "no," and I quickly tell them about this video, and how it hit me so hard.  This video was so intense, and so heartbreaking, that every time I pack my luggage, I think of this horrible (but important) story.  I'm not killing myself and hundreds of people because I can't be bothered to carry my laptop or electric razor in my carry-on.
Wow... Hero till the end
Wait...are airplane fires so common that you "dealt with fires like this"? Multiple fires no less? I can't think of when my 1.5million population city ever had a real airplane fire to deal with!
If the sebder gad not declared the bstteries as hazardiss id  done him for accident i know it seems harsh but its only way yo nake dure that cargo senders folliw rules.  Even though tgey wernt removed why dudnt they take opputurnity at  stopping placecto check cargo they may have spotted issue tgen they could have got cargo iff is smoke alarms at bern inside why csnt a web cam be in hokd so crew on a tiny screen can see loads do it was a cargo plane asumingly with no passengers so loads need checking ehenever they can as batteries alchoal are an explodive risk why hadnt they got full face masks why difnt they deactivate pack one and drop to a low altitude ok smoke pouring in but if they coukd get down in 15 mins thed be okay fir oxygen surrly csnt pilits have the full dmoke huds lije fire fighters then they coukd have coped with smoke and gone down on first big bit if land
This hurts so much, I fairly think there should've been more recommendations to avoid this from happening like actually having a system where a fire could be extinguished if the fire proof compartments and pellets have been breached. Its always better to have multiple fail safe system...
I love all the content but aww, I hate these fire stories.    Imagine the feeling of helplessness, trying to run and escape from something right behind you.    God bless all victims of this type of accident.
It must have been really challenging to be narrating the story with what you are seeing inside your mind.  RIP, pilots of UPS 6.  Thank you for being brave and soldiering on to deliver the full narration, Petter.
That sounds horrendous. How could the pilots not even be aware that they had a pallet of batteries underneath where they were sitting (well, close enough, or on the aircraft at all!)
I can't believe I was just taken aback by the simulator-generated view at 4:12 (sudden urge to take a picture.. i mean screenshot)
could they have come down faster and ditched into the water?
Well, that sounds absolutely terrifying
Dear Peter, The Gulf is called The Persian Gulf.
This was frustrating to watch. He almost got it down put input the wrong vectors. Why don't planes have voice activated commands and AI? The pilot says something like, 'Set vector heading to 095' and the plane responds, "Confirmed, setting heading to 095" ... a $50k Mercedes A-Class has that.
@MentourPilot what if you in a situation were you need to be able to carry a 100ah hour lithium battery but you can’t obviously check them in nor can you take them as carry on   how would one be able to transport them safely ?
Sad tragedy. They were so close being lucky with the auto landing. It reminds me of cave dive training with zero visibility. But worse... These lithium batteries are soo important for our life nowadays, but also still soo dangerous. Hope there will be some development.  I use these batterie cella for my scuba dive lamps. Thats just the way to go today, if you want lightweight and compact equipmenty while having maximal burn time and brightness. Hence I need from time to time take these with me by plane for a dive trip. I take them with roughly only charged to about 25 to 40%,  so less energy (discharging more is no good for the battery...). Each battery is in an extra plastic transport container with a sealant, so no liquid can enter. Additionally I put tape on the poles and put them in another plastic container in my hand luggage. Chances they are getting crushed or short cutted are minimized. They are usually allowed.  But actually smartphone batteries have a much higher capacity. And they are used and more likely to fall in between the seats. Also laptop batteries are much bigger...
It is also important to not lie or omit information about cargo shipments. Sadly this still happens. Please do not do this, and do not allow your employer to pressure you into doing so, regardless of the reason they give.
Nothing scarier than leaving China with discount electronics,  eh?
Le batterie sono una del mali sel mondo
I watched the air crash investigation on this. Captain made some serious errors as he did not land at the neareast airfield
What a journey, from fire fighter to pilot? Please tell us that story...!
RIP😢This breaks my heart
Sadly had they chosen Doha Airport they would have probably made it down alive. So many things lined up for this to happen, from the Packs One to not going to Doha, to the back-up oxygen not being more easily available.
Does it cost the customer more to ship lithium batteries if they declare them, or does it hold up shipping?....just trying to work out why someone wouldn't declare it🤔🤷
Can't the cargo deck be oxygen free during flying?  Probably a daft question.
Really can't imagine what that FO was going through poor guy but he never gave up and kept fighting all the way down.
I wonder, did they close the smoke handle?
Is it possible that the captain donned the supplemental oxygen mask (which wouldn't have a microphone) and that's why he was no longer heard on the CVR? I'd imagine there still would have been some sound from him though, but it seems possible. I also noticed the FO still referred to his aircraft as "we" with ATC and the relay, which makes me wonder if the captain was still alive and conscious, but forced out of action because he was using the supplemental oxygen. He also wouldn't have had goggles, so he probably couldn't do anything to help the FO.
This reminds of  documentary i watched on Valujet 592...  just terrible  case of mismanagement when it comes to cargo. like how the hell do you let a crap ton of oxygen generators and lithium batteries onto a plane??
These pilots, especially the First Officer, are true HEROES. Full respect. Hats off. May your legacy live on!
I fought a fire on a submerged submarine once. I was talking with another crewman at the time it started. Our first indication we had there was a fire in our compartment was suddenly we could see nothing. With no place to go the smoke rapidly fills the space. Thank God for all those fire drills. I never complained about doing drills again.
Did anything ever happen to the Chinese Company who sent the shit quality batteries without declaring them?  Nope.
Lithium batteries are probably just too volatile for large-scale daily use. They must be handled, managed and used in a delicate way under proper monitoring and adequate protection to work safely. Dealing with lithium batteries like dealing with lead-acid and nichrome ones would result in disasters.
Of all the stories on this channel,this one breaks my heart the most.
Heartbreaking! Salute to the FO
love your videos. just gives insight of what could happen and how the pilots deal with it
This one hits hard
PLEASE could you do one on the SKY KING
Lithium can be a very very nasty chemical indeed. Extremely hard to put out when it starts to combust
Complete nightmare
There are No Fire Suppression Systems Available for Lithium Battery Fires.  Early Detection is your Only Hope. These are not Normal Fires.  The Problem isn't just that they produce their own Oxygen. These Battery Fires are ReDox Fires (Reduction/Oxidation).  These are Literally Electrical Fires. The Next Scary thing We will have to learn About are 'Coulombic Explosions'.  Ever see Sodium Metal Explode in Water?  There you go...
Dude…this might be the saddest case you’ve covered…so many of these cases are attributable to human error…but these guys did everything right…and, like you said, it just wasn’t enough…that FO was truly heroic…and fought to the bitter end…really miraculous that nobody on the ground was killed…that FO should have gotten a posthumous award (and maybe he did and you just didn’t cover it)…sounds like that man was a “pilot’s pilot”.
I've seen this video before - this is a re-run for me. As a  result I'm always very careful about what I take - or don't take - on board an aircraft. Actually, and even if safety wasn't an issue, I wouldn't entrust my highly expensive laptop to hold baggage anyway. But the safety argument is, of course, unanswerable. What a nightmare! Lithium fires are pure evil.
I love your show, it’s great. I was a flight engineer in the Navy for 14 years? I flew on P3  Orion. Got to go to 24 countries! I love the way you explain things in great detail and depth and you have great knowledge. Keep up the good work, it’s a great show.🛐✝️✝️🍀☮️👀🛸🚀👽👽🛸🛸
I’m honestly shocked that we still take people’s Word for it that they took the batteries out of their luggage when gate checking.
I have a question for anyone that has some knowledge about the matter. When the yoke elevator stops functioning can they use the trim wheel as a sort of manual elevator?
U say it's unclear why the captain would request approval to desend to 10,000 feet due to what the handbook said. But if the presuriazation in thir compartment the cockpit was in became depreaurised . Mabey the captain was thinking he had to get it down in order to breathe? Even if the handbook/check list said maintain 25,000 I could see how the smoke filling up the cockpit could make the captain lose situational awarness and possibly think this way. Granted I don't know for sure but the thought crossed my mind
God i love this channel..
Massive respect for first officer. Great man indeed. He tried everything possible. What happened was terrible😢. RIP great man🙏🏻
If Boeing is not in business this channel would not exist
I hope whoever was shipping batteries without the proper precautions was held 100% liable for this accident…
While we can't know for sure as the CVR cut out, I imagine the final 5 minutes of Swissair 111 were similar(in that case the co-pilot ultimately leaned out the window to look at the engine and accidentally bumped in the column)
I had a damaged li-ion battery burst into flames while on vacation. The smell is very distinctive. By coincidence on the flight home I smelt the same smell and the passenger in front rang for the stewardess and explained that his battery booster pack was getting very hot. The stewardess went for a form to complete and I explained that she needed to get the pack into water as soon as possible as it was already in thermal overload - you could smell it and by the time the forms were complete it would be too late. Thankfully she did just that. It could have been a real issue.
The solutions given are dumb. Once a plane is in trouble and pilots are incapacitated pilots on the ground should be able to take over and remote pilot the plane while streaming realtime data from and to the plane via Starlink.  It's so frustrating hearing ideas like "Plastic facecovers" when technology is right there in our hands. I think ppl in the airline industry are too close to the problem to see that 80% of all their regulations can be whittled down to remote assistance, remote piloting and remote simulation. Even the crew cabin on carbo plans... that should be able to eject forward and deploy a chute after the pilots get the plan over the ocean!
I like this a lot more than air disasters on the Smithsonian channel.
would it have been possible to open the cockpit window to suck the smoke out?
Fire accident stories are always the worst. There are pretty much no good ones, no matter how well the crew do
They need to make these airplanes into convertibles! That would probably help with the smoke from a fire.
How do I get to take the Men Tour, Pilot?
I am a vaper, and have been a full hobbyist for 10 years so I'm fully aware of what can happen if these lithium ion batteries have a run away. Those guys were basically sitting on bombs. Those batteries are not a joke. If they short out or overheat, you've got a real problem on your hands. This is an awful case. While I believe they're safe to travel with, they should definitely be kept in a place where they're being monitored. This case is proof that if you're not aware of what's going on with them disaster is a real threat.
I feel like the captain had died before the airplane crashed due to smoke inhalation and hypoxia.
Were the changes such as audible warnings in the A310 then added by Airbus following the crash? Really curious
It's sad that so many give their lives for all of us to fly safer. RIP
Who’s held liable for the accident? The owners of the batteries? What happens next?
I know this is an old video, but can there be a system that's made kind of like Google or Alexa? In case there's a fire and you can't see the plane. Can read your altitude, Speed Out loud for you.
Absolutely terrifying.  No matter how incredible he (FO) was performing, that fire wasn't letting him win.  This (super)man was literally in hell.  RIP
I was living about 20kms from the crash site at the time of the accident, and I clearly remember just looking at the sky in that direction and feeling a little uneasy for some reason. I would be lying if I said I saw the plane or even heard the crash. I only found out about it the next day. My thoughts : captain should have kept going straight and diverted to Doha instead of turning around for Dubai. Also very strange is how Bahrain ATC controlled airspace over what should be Qatar airport and airspace. I heard they were changing that and carving space for Qatar, not sure it has happened though.
IT Support guy here and I'm kinda late to the party, but this video struck a chord in me. The other day I had a customer who wanted to fly to Bangladesh, however had troubles with her laptop and the battery within.   When I saw the laptop in person, I immediately saw how the battery has swollen to hazardous size and strongly recommended her to order a new battery or leave the laptop behind during her business trip, unless she wants to carry a fire hazard. At first I thought I was too harsh for on her, but seeing this story unfold I felt relief to be as strict as I was. Lithium batteries are scary.
Electrical future, batteries everywhere , sigh
Seen a lot of your videos but this one was a difficult watch. Those guys foght on to the end.
I'm 17 min 29 seconds into this & I am angry! Batteries cargo not declared properly by the shipper = then don't take that cargo on board! No fire extinguishers, no cameras in cargo holds so the pilots/crew can see if there is a problem, main cables from the cockpit controls running directly above the so-called fireproof lining of the cargo hold... THEY SAID TITANIC WAS UNSINKABLE, SANK ON ITS MAIDEN VOYAGE... death-trap for the pilots/crew! Goggles separate to oxygen masks! When are the engineers of planes going to start thinking ahead & designing planes properly for safety = it is just one big money-making racket = stuff the lives of any humans on board! I am mad as a snake in a pit right now! How can this be allowed? Isn't there some kind of authority that checks designs of aircrafts before they are built & also checks once they are built that all necessary safety precautions are in place? Clearly, aircraft manufacturers get away with a lot! This is negligence.  AFTER IT HAPPENS, all these ghastly accidents, THEN ONLY do they start properly thinking about things = that is the wrong way around = you've got to think ahead of the possibilities & how to prevent them! Just like a mother thinks ahead 24/7 for her child.
Sorry but today I'm soooooo high wtching mentour pilot =D
This accident as it proceeded was making me fidgety and sir crazy! Two of the worst emergency’s you can have. 1) FIRE !   2) Flight controls NOT doing what you are asking them to do…….
Heroic actions.... after they had made the inpardonnable decision not to go for the nearest airport 100 miles away but to turn back for a 300 Km flight on fire...after all examples showing that there this NO OTHER decision to take other than the one  to land immediately,, after SR 111 and many others simply inexcusable...and deadly
I feel sorry for the crew because someone most likely wanted to safe some bucks...
So no one went to jail for criminal negligence??!!! It seems when disaster happens on a plane causing death or harm to others no one ever goes to jail.
This story was terrifying- RIP to the pilots of this flight, they handled the situation as well as they could.
Fires are scary when you can get away from the fire. Fires are terrifying when you can not. For example, being on a plane several thousand feet in the air, on a ship 25 or miles from the coast. In either case, you are pretty much dead if you leave vehicle.
Huh that was intense RIP
This ist Just a Horror Story
100nm to Doha, vs 180nm to Dubai. I'd have gone to Qatar all day, every day. I wonder what tipped his decision.  Such a sad incident.
I’ve been in a housefire in the middle of a snowstorm when the fire department could not make it out. We were forced to try to put the fire out ourselves, and I can tell you that the smoke is so thick that even with a flashlight, you can’t see more than a couple inches.
i used simmilar product called headway and no the compressed books is not good, dont bother
why did they not use servo motors?
Damn that First officer and captain both did the best they could. Deserve every bit of recognition for their efforts and heroic airmanship.
LiPo batteries once ignited,  there's no way to extinguish the fire. No way!
Would you be able to tell from the ground that the aircraft had a fire inside? Just curious
Cheap Chinese Batteries caused this horrible accident. These buggers will do all they can to keep the cost at minimum.
An Uninteruptable power supply is known as UPS and when you have a power cut it supplies power from batteries to. Around the time of this accident I wondered if I could use lithium batteries rather than the usual lead acid. I had bought a number of lithium batteries from China via eBay. I googled ‘lithium batteries for UPS’ and came across this accident. I then realised that I had been receiving unlabelled lithium batteries in small packets, airfreight. It sent a chill down my spine.
This is awful especially when you realize that it was a lithium ion battery fire, for those who dont know those types of fires cant really be put out with water, so theres a very good chance that from the very moment the fire started there fates were probably sealed RIP
Never felt so bad for the pilots as in this case, may the rest in peace.😢
Give them some VR goggles that have a heads up display/in built radio and video input is camera mounted on the front of the plane.  Although won't help much at night or bad weather I guess.
*Weren't
They can't parachute even on a god damn cargo flight?
It seems to me that air freight would be well suited to implementing a crew escape system. I understand that these are entirely unsuitable for passenger aviation, but when the load being transported is cargo rather than people, I think abandoning an aircraft when making an emergency landing becomes futile is a preferable option to the crew dying as they go down with the aircraft.  Maybe I'm miles off and this isnt realistic at all, it just seems a shame to me that these two poor men had no choice but to stay the helm for some cargo.
In the honor of those pilots .... Rip Brave Mens
"Mayday mayday UPS 6 can anyone hear me" Utterly heartbreaking. At that moment, the FO was probably the loneliest man on the planet :(
Very sad, was hoping all the way though they would prevail. He said both pilots were unalived instantly upon crashing? True of the 1st officer. I think the captain perished much sooner, after he ran out of oxygen and was unable to get to the source. I'd imagine he was already gone. Very sad fighting to the bitter end only to be shown no mercy. Poor people.
This is honestly the most terrifying one of these I’ve seen. Glad some good safety measures came of it. I hope they also consider that backup oxygen masks are useless if the pilots can’t reach them without taking theirs off. Smoke and hypoxia will incapacitate you in seconds. Hopefully they’ve figured out a better location for the backups.
It's bonkers to make such an expensive piece of equipment and not ha e reg and thermal cameras everywhere. There should even be cameras outside to visualize surrounding areas as well as different areas of the body. Hell, there should be AI which is constantly fed these and processing to detect, understand the situation and report to pilots.  The technology in planes seems ancient.
I was born on that day
I believe that now lithium batteries are no longer allowed on cargo planes.
Having prevkously worked as an x-ray operator for cargo I can testify that a lot of people try to ship Li-ion batteries without declaring them as DG. Holding parcels due to undeclared DG was pretty much a routine part of the day when I worked there.  I worked for a security firm that had a contract to do the x-ray screening on behalf of the carrier, and the good thing about that carrier was that part of the contract you sign with them when posting a shipment is that you allow for the opening of the shipment for manual/visual inspection. So I could just pull any shipment aside and open it up to confirm the contents, and when in doubt we just opened it,  and seeing that it did contain DG, the shipment was halted so they could contact the sender. I don't know but I think there might be a combination of people not knowing/reading as well as some trying to avoid the extra charge of shipping dangerous goods.  Anyway, we took our job seriously to prevent incidents like this.
I have seen documentaries about this flight before, but I've never seen it from a pilot's perspective. Every time I see something about this flight, it breaks my heart, because they tried right up until the end, even once it was clear it was hopeless. Thank you for a new perspective on this one.
Didn't know you were a firefighter before becoming a pilot. Deep respect, bro, from a volunteer firefighter (and a glider pilot / aviation journalist)!
As a volunteer firefighter from germany this one really hit me hard.  You are, obviously, so correct in the description of those conditions we often refer to as "Nullsicht" (literally zero sight) in german and the experience for the captain (as long as he was conscious) and the FO must have been horrific.  Thank you for all the work you do! I would not consider myself a nervous flyer, but I have learned so many things through your content. So thank you, keep it up and mainly: stay safe!
It's 'Persian Gulf' my friend... Thank you for your consideration. ❤
Would it be possible for Dubai Air Traffic Control to communicate via the Bahrain frequency the controller knows exactly on which frequency the aircraft is so maybe do it that way?
It would probably have a negative effect but Isnt their a ax or something Modern lol to smash through cockpit window  ?
Cheers! 😊
Thinking of it now it makes no sense to go to dubia but i can understand why they did
What a terrible tragedy and how valiantly the two pilots worked to get the plane down safely. By coincidence I am sitting outside in a restaurant on Silicon Oasis, Dubai having just moved in here one week ago. You are right, it could have been a hundred times worse as Silicon is tightly packed with hotels and apartments so the fact that no one on the ground was killed is indeed a miracle. Mabrouk for conveying this tragedy in such a sensitive and thoughtful manner.
Are there any consequences for the person who shipped the batteries? Do they even know what they caused?
So tragic.  It's always so sad to hear these airline accident stories but this is one of the worst because the pilots couldn't even see what they were doing or breathe adequately.  RIP.
This one personally hits me the hardest, it is just so sad. The 1st officer tried so so hard, but it just wasn’t enough…………
F..k. Thinking about how close he was to being able to use autoland.
Could the pilot have broken a window to evacuate the smoke?
I don't understand, why it was impossible to get some radio in Dubai on the planes frequency. At some point even someone sitting in the cockpit of a plane on the ground with a mobile phone could've at least shortened the relay to two hops.
I have watched dozens of these on your channel and this is the most gut wrenching story I’ve seen. You put us with those pilots the whole way. I am sorry for their loss. I hope they would be glad that it wasn’t in vain and others can be saved now.
What a horrible situation 😢 I was a submariner and had to go through damage control training. I stood in front of a burning oil drum  and could not see the fire. Pretty scary since my buddy behind me almost pushed me in.
I'm just devastated with the hopeless, but persistent Matt's fight for life. Looks like from the inset their only hope was to ditch the thing in the gulf. But who knew then?
God, this is so fucking tragic. Being so aware of your situation, trying everything you can - but its just not enough... heartbreaking
You know what watching all these videos have taught me? A good pilot has to be a pretty good systems engineer as well!
I watched this once. Broke my heart to where I can not watch it again.
There is no such Arabian Gulf. Even the map is you showing, demonstrating Persian Gulf. For a thousands of years based on the very first maps in human history this Gulf named as Persian Gulf. Anyway, thanks for your content they always are good.
Maybe a dumb question, but was the possibility there to just fly at a lower speed and open the cockpit windows as a last resort option?
why dont all pilots just be issued with smart air craft helmets
Can you cover South African Airways Flight 295 sometime please?
Need to have longer hoses on the main masks to allow pilots to leave their seats and access to the spare oxygen.  Then the FO could have gotten the spare oxygen to the captain whilst keeping his regular mask on.   Otherwise, keep a store of extra oxygen within reach.  Designers forget the human element when designing these things.  Also should have controls which can be used without sight.  Especially for the radio.  electronic displays are cute but would be better to have knobs which have only one function in each position, so you would know for example, turn full left, then 1 click to the right for each higher numbered frequency.  So you know what the tuning is without sight of the display.
How the hell did that pack 1 stop working? I think in case of a fire it wouldn't be hard to build in a safety so that it will always work, certainly in cargo planes? Truly terrifying story and sad that these features are not more bombproof 😖
Very important info abt batteries
You know, VR like Apple vision pro can function as a really sweet emergency visual assurance system. Just show everything digitally 🤷🏾‍♂️
Metal fire is no joke.
I dont think any fire suppression system would work on Li-ion batteries after reading about the difficulties fire crews face on extinguishing li-ion battery fires.
This is what I'm scared of most as a passenger - that other passengers won't follow the rules and we'll end up with a fire 😢
Are lithium-ion batteries still allowed to be air shipped after this incident?
I'd also recommend that a steel container with vents that can fit several laptops is included onboard of passenger aircraft to contain any device fires and a basic solution to neutralise the batteries. I fly drones that use Li-Po batteries and know very well what kind of fire can any Lithium based battery cause
How about on-board Air Loadmasters. Er, no because you are skinflints.
In the 1990s I knew a guy that as a joke placed emergency road flares in luggage and flew from Washington DC to New York and return.  This sort of behavior was in everything I experienced in the Washington DC region from 1996 through 2003.
The captain doomed them from the very start, 8 seconds in. I feel that was probably the one only real mistake they made, but it was such a drastic one. If they just continued and then failed the landing and overrun the runway or just crashed into it, it would have been a better choice than to turn around and obviously let the fire burn through everything.
My heart breaks for these souls
Been binging, while I’ve watched you explain so many tragedies. The moment Captain can’t breathe really made me cry.
That's maybe a stupid question, but why didn't he just open a window? The cabin was depressurized already. That was my first thought.
It's Shar-JAH Airport not shariah ;)
Lithium ion batteries are very dangerous in any  aircraft. I can't believe their not prohibited on an aircraft.
I understand what you say as to the excuses for the decisions of the pilots. But with an in-flight fire and the decision to land ASAP means to land at the nearest airport. Wether you know it or not. This wrong decision meant that they were doomed.
That FO was 38? He looks 68.
I can't imagine any situation that would be worse & your heart gose out to these men
UPS CSA here. Thank you for breaking it down! So many people do not understand/don't want to understand why we have strict regulations regarding LiBa! And still last summer I've seen LiBa packed in UPS Envelope (basically a cardboard box for documents) as a "document" by German Amazon, no less, it came from our CGN hub. Per UPS policy it is strictly prohibited. (And they're selling the LiBa handling shipping labels!) There's no end to shippers that never heard about these regulations and I have to explain to them the what and the why. This is awful!  I've seen when in the opposite building an apartment got destroyed by unattended candle induced fire, it was so hot the shutters melted down two stories above those windows and the whole wall completely blackened by the smoke. Still I can't imagine what these poor souls went through. I've saved this video, I planned to spend the night having fun, but I'm glad I've seen it.
Every single time I see a UPS plane with this livery I remember this, especially since they come to/fly over Bahrain which was also involved, and probably since they haven’t changed their livery in so long I can’t dissociate it anymore
Why they dint ditch anywhere? It is only few people they can easily leave the a/c
Fire suppression wouldn't work for lithium fires anyway.
After watching what too many of these videos, it just makes it so very clear that the saying that regulations are written in blood is true.
I work as a driver for UPS here in Sweden. I have noticed several times whenever I pick up a package at a customer that I get the same package to deliver it back because "The package contains lithium-ion batteries but doesn't have the UN3480 sticker on it."  I wonder why they missed it here.
Heart breaking
OMG what a nightmare 😢
That thermal runaway was likely caused by lack of pressurization in the cargo compartment which can cause lithium batteries to distort and fail into thermal runaway. The main reason (other than to keep them with the passengers so if there is a problem it can be dealt with) I suspect it is forbidden with commercial flights to allow passengers to put lithium battery devices into checked luggage is for this same reason - luggage holds on most commercial planes are not pressurized. As the aircraft climbs to cruise level the drop in pressure can cause them to distort and fail.
Dad flew cargo in the 1950s. His cargo burned, the entire fuselage became involved, and they lost all electronics at night coming in over mountains in Central America. The crew landed the aircraft and were rescued via the cockpit windows.
I feel like there really should be way more anti-fire systems in cargo holds, cargo fires have been a perennial issue since we were shipping goods with sail power and systems like the ones here are well below what we're technologically capable of now
I can't imagine how terrible this would be for the flight crews acting as relays. Holy shit.
The Captain sealed their fate by not choosing the closer airport😢
I suddenly CAN SEE HUGE!!! potential of headsets like apple vision pro used as a virtual cockpit on emergencies like these .
it is called the Persian gulf btw
Why not just have oxygen deprived areas for cargo
If they had proceeded to the Airport 100 miles away instead of returning 180 miles could they have gotten down ?
why not put cameras in the cargo hold?
No extinguisher in the cargo bay of the 747!??  What a joke! Another Boeing blooper!
I just watched on tv ..Horrid how mucked up this jet was..jet from hell !! Likeca haunted house jet ! Poor pilots im so sorry they died. The risks were not worth the salary. I got chills halfway through the show so i hope more n more corporations invest in safety features especially for pilots. RIP pilots 🌌🌌
I ship hazmat on the regular. It completely escapes me how someone could think it's okay to ship hazmat undeclared like this. Our airline doesn't carry hazmat but we ship on FedEx and charters. Can't imagine how I'd feel if I were to make a mistake.
If only they had gone to Doha, much closer and straight in instead of wasting time doing the 180 back to Dubai
😊
Two people and plane lost because someone bought some knockoff phone/laptop on Wish...
The jet that we used as a learning tool had a portable O2 bottle behind both seats, I'm a little surprised to hear that the 747 keeps theirs in an out of reach cabinet.
Call me a cynic but humans simply cannot be trusted to follow rules. People will always find a way to but prohibited items in the cargo hold. We will need more and more sophisticated systems to defeat human stupidity.  Secondly, I feel Boeing too has some part of blame to take in this accident. I don't understand how such a sophisticated modern aircraft does not have fire detection and suppression systems on board. One would consider that as a minimum safety requirement for an aircraft that has been designed to be a freight carrier.
Would a water landing earlier been out of the question?
I am not a pilot but love your videos and am impressed with the level of detailed analysis you provide. That's why I am shocked that you referred to the Persian Gulf erroneously as the 'Arabian Gulf' even though the map clearly indicates the correct "Persian Gulf".
This is horrific this is extremely upsetting. Terrible thing to happen Presley. I found it very disturbing.🤭🙏💕
Nightmare fuel! 25:49
Mentour is one of the greats!!
I just had an idea... If the cabin is depressurized, couldn't you descend and then open the cockpit window?
Completely heartbreaking
Horrible story ...Very sad
Cargo pilots should have parachutes and ejector seats
I am working in IT and so when I travel I have to take a reasonable amount of devices with batteries with me (phones, power banks, ...) and at some point I decided it would be better to just put all of them into a lunchbox. This has several benefits: they are safer because they are protected by the box and also it is far easier to get them out for the security check, because you just have to get this one box. Okay - I still have my phone in my pocket, but at least I put every other small device in the box. In a security screening I once even got a very positive comment that it was a good idea how the devices were stored.
I flew from LAX to Recife, Brasil November 4/5, 2023. I brought some power tools and their batteries to my son in law. Airline and TSA guidance was they be put in checked luggage, not carryon.
what if they have opened the window?
Could they have not opened the windows to flush the smoke out the cabin total respect to all pilot's for keeping us safe. Got bless them both 😢
For a lithium fire staying at 25,000 feet will not help
5:53: crew had not seen it already as they were not the crew that flew the aircraft in on that day. They had stayed in Dubai for 24 hours and hence were replacing the crew that flew in on it. Moot point perhaps but just thought you should know.
The most astonishing part of this story is, that the FO who had very little flight time on type managed to keep this plane in the air long enough to return and nearly land the plane and at the end at least managed to crash somewhere low residential. All of that while basically seeing nothing and having to relay messages through another plane and ATC.
I'm somewhat surprised they asked the FO after he missed DXB to go to SHJ instead of DWC. I checked again, this happened in October of 2010 and Dubai World Central was opened in June 2010 and is mainly used for cargo, especially back then. But I guess it makes sense, as SHJ is much closer and DWC was really new back then. One thing to mention though, all three airports have similar set ups for the runways in their west to east layout.
This is why not only the documentation needs to state if something has lithium batteries or dangerous goods in it, but also why all packages have to have dangerous goods stickers on them, so that even if someone has no access to the documents, they can still identify dangerous goods. Thankfully certain types of dangerous goods are only allowed on freight planes, not passenger ones or mixed passenger and freight ones. One would hope that with correct labelling the people who work with freight cargo daily would be able to pick out things that are off.
In hindsight .. continuing to Doha would have had a chance to make it I guess? They would have also been able to kept the radio communications with the tower which seemed to be the last big issue that prevented to get into the right speed and altitude f.e.
Well, there you go. All because the sender didn't declare the lithium batteries as dangerous goods ... probably because it would have COST MORE to send them. Jeezuz.  I just shake my head at capitalism's profit side effects.
The 2 pilots where killed? 1 of them was already dead.
What I don't understand is why couldn't Dubai ground just tune in to the frequency the FO has been using already? Suppose they have some spare radios, right? Am I missing something? That seems to be very simple solution to relay problem.
Loading cargo from the front of the plane is a bad design to begin with. Why there's no way to load the cargo from the back of the place and eventually automatically eject it if it catches fire and you're flying over water?
After the Captain incapacitated by the smoke, the FO did everything he can to land that plane. Even in the last moments he managed to avoid a residential area. And also the landing gears didn't drop because it is damaged by fire. Condolences to their families.
🥺
Emergency on-board and the crew think it's better to fly 180 miles to Dubai instead of 100 miles to Doha. Idiots.
RIP to both, its a hard story to hear for sure but i cant comprehend why they did not go to doha since it was a serious emmergency
Oh God, I can’t finish it.
Absolutely harrowing and so sad!  He was so close.  Such a brave attempt.
Can they put sprinkler systems in these freighter 747s?
Persian Gulf*
5:03  Persian Golf  Please stop using incorrect names - thanks
F/O Matt Bell was a Marine Corps Aviator.  His 1,500 hours plus of PIC time was all in tactical fast movers.  He flew AV-8B Harriers.  S/F and RIP.
Would they have a good chance of landing if they went to bahrain instead?
What happened to the bastards that didn't let the crew know about the batteries?
Before this incident I had to fly to Hawaii for a construction job which meant I was traveling with many power tools.  I discharged all batteries to their lowest safe voltage, mechanically locked off & blocked access to each battery individually so terminals could never be accidentally shorted.  I mean I really tripled up on safety.  When my baggage came down the luggage conveyor it was wrapped in duct tape.  Wondering what the heck happened of course. I cut it open later and whoever checked the bag had cut open all my protectioms, removed all my safety lockout devices, threw it all back into bag in a pile (where the terminals could have easily shorted out) and just wrapped the bag in tape because it obviously couldn't close unorganized in a pile.  The most expensive item back then, a laser, was also missing.  Also all the handles to carry my bags were cut so they couldn't be carried by the handles.  Can't think of any reason for that but a disgruntled employee?  Lucky whoever did that didn't start a fire during flight.
Sorry for my ignorance or if this seems a silly question to aviation experts, why couldn't they ditch the cargo once it became apparent there was a fire? Why couldn't they open the side windows in the cockpit? Yes I know that would have been horrendously loud but would it not have helped with the smoke? I promise I'm not trolling or trying to sound dumb, I just don't know so I'm curious, since the cabin wasn't pressurised anyway couldn't they have opened a rear door, gone back to see the extent of the fire or anything, maybe if they'd been able to see the fire they'd have decided a closer airport.
Could they not have broken a side window after securing seatbelts?
This one was tough to watch .... 😢 Must have been horrible end. Jut realised the FO has same surname as me, Bell. Makes me feel a bit better, not sure why.
Sharjah. Spelled with a Jay like Jerry.  Shar  Jah.
Thanks for your VERY PROFESSIONAL videos !  Its clear and easy to understand.  I spent hours to watch them because I like aircrafts and if I didn't have a low vision, I would had certainly become a pilot !  At least, I can fly a paraglider by myself, in calm conditions for now.  After a little more than 100 flights, I am planning to return to France to continue my training.  Your little dog I saw on some videos is very cute. He looks affectionate. Canada is a nice country, but not the best place for paragliding. Conditions are often too windy.  Over 20 kt, launching is getting risky.  BUT, I'm getting tired of your too long and to frequents adds. I understand you're getting something in exchange and the ads are relevant.  The reality is that Youtube got so harassing about advertising.  They are bombarding like in a battle field !  Unfortunately, I can't find and suggest a perfect solution, expect stopping to put ads in your videos.  Maybe you could, for example, limit your ads to 10-15 seconds instead of one minute and having just one at the beginning and one at the end.  I also observed that in your Table of content, you never index the ads. A TOC is a TOC and should contain everything  Have an absolutely fantastic day. 🙂  Keep going !
The most bad ass of pilots
Help me understand this. Why wouldn't a huge cargo plane like this have a 3rd crew member dedicated to fire suppression? The fire alarm goes off and they start looking at checklists and expecting a computer to fix everything. Why not have an extra set of hands to physically deal with emergencies, and have access to fire fighting equipment on board? Think of "fire watch" in  the military.
i don't fly (bad legs) but both pilots did an incredible job in the direst of circumstances I feel most for the captain, to have to make that choice of going for the sup/ox in the toxic smoke or suffocate and the 1st officer's choice that saved lives, may they both rest easy in peace in the eternal sky.
So much for the flat earth idiots!
Where are other people? Why cant they open window?
I want to say thank you for creating this content it really helps my studies and understanding, I am currently studying to be an airline pilot, and if possible would love to get in contact with you if you ever had the chance. I truly appreciate your love for aviation and inspiring so many others.
I believe the reason he requested 10,000, was to ventilate cockpit by opening windows.
I've got to be a perverrt. Love watching your vids before I have a flight
The fight in those pilots never ceased.
At 4000 ft, he could have opened his window for a better visual condition but, the more oxygen gets in the more probable a fire ignition could happened
Why don't those useless trillion dollar Boeing company and other companies use proper sensors to detect fire and cargo and other fire occurring areas in pressurized co2 so that fires couldn't even get a chance to start.
It would cost a fortune, but what about a HUD in the SCBA? We have air level indicators in our face pieces (on the ground) but an Apache pilot has a ton of flight info right in their eye. Maybe some day. Tough story, well recounted. Thank you
Flammable materials right under the crew rest quarters and "that will become important very soon" For some reason this feels like an understatement.
This is such a tragic episode. As a firefighter I know exactly what its like to be in an environment that is full of smoke. You literally cant see anything, you can put your hand right infront of your face and you wont see it. You can be standing beside an open window and you wont see any light through it. Its incredible these pilots did as well as they did under the circumstances
Oh my, that was just too intense to watch - everything that could possibly go wrong did - my heart went out to both pilots, but especially the FO who battled valiantly to the end.  Requiem aeternam dona eis, Domine. Et lux perpetua luceat eis. Fidelium animae, per misericordiam Dei, requiescant in pace. ~Amen~
I think, even if the captian chose Doha, the FO still wouldn't of been able to see in order to land.
There needs to be a fire watch on the main deck and lower deck With fire suppression system. Jets carry tons of cargo. Having a fire watch and 1000 pounds of fire fighting chemicals is no big deal. Suppressing the fire will buy the crew time to divert. With fires they need to stop using these long check lists. Land the plane ASAP
This is a case where a parachute or ejection seat would have been useful.
This expert armchair pilot would have flown it to 1000ft above the water then set autopilot to 100fpm down and keep your hand on the cockpit window handle.
Im getting on a flight in a days time and this doesnt make it any better lmao
Was it possible or was it worth to open or try to break side cockpit window?
Reminds me of swissair 111
even until the very end I was praying the first officer would make it. what a horrible, horrible situation to be in. whoever failed to mark those batteries as dangerous cargo has blood on their hands.
Looks bad. Rip to the pilots. Wasn’t Asiana 991 similar? I know both flights were bad but they had their differences.
They should have a fire dump protocol
In many emergencies, a connection is lost in electrical, hydraulic, or cable systems. It occurred to me to have battery-powered servos connected to control surfaces, with a radio transmitter in the cockpit. In an emergency, then, even if physical connection was broken between pilot and control surfaces, they'd still have a backup means to exert control.
Maybe a stupid idea, but why don't freight aircraft have emergency hatches that basically "rip out" the floor beneath the freight, dumping it wherever?  A plane flying over the ocean wouldn't hit anything most likely.
Was it never possible to open the cargo bay from within the cockpit? But that would not help as the cargo was strapped down to the floor. Sad very sad
nobody: literally no one ever: mentourpilot just before showing how everyone died: "just a quick message from my sponsor"
What I am concerned about was their duty time. You said they came in from hkg. That's about 8h to DXB, meaning their max flight time and duty time would have been almost met. Then they departed for their final destination which was another 7 h flight time and another good 10h of duty. This would mean about 20h minimum duty time and 15h flight time. Totally illegal by all means. So did they have a 24h layover in Dubai after their HKG to DXB leg before executing the DXB DUS leg ? If not, UPS AOC needs to be revoked and fatigue would have played a big part in this CRM fiasco. Anyhow, to conclude, the captain made a terrible judgement error during his TOC assessment. DOH was his only option, period. Turning back to DXB, a further 80 nm, sealed their fates. I feel sorry for the F.O,  but he should have said something immediately.
There is probably an obvious answer to this but - when the plane was back near Dubai why didn’t the tower radio switch to the distressed plane’s frequency rather than rely on relays between other pilots?
What about "hi other airplane, ask the Controller to switch  frequency to the one we are currently on". And save their lives. Or maybe think about that as a controller
That is heartbreaking to think the UPS 6 cargo flight did not know about the lithium batteries. More awareness and transparency needs to be implicated so that people sending pallets with dangerous goods on them take responsibility to take them off the pallets or in this case be responsible for what you did . Too many times lithium batteries and other dangerous goods are being transported unknowingly by these cargo planes and too many pilots die because of negligence by the sender. These pilots are not expendable and planes are expensive to replace. It was pure luck that no one on the ground lost their lives and I hope that the person who sent that pallet has some remorse for what they caused.
4:58 That's Persian Gulf. please do your homework.
Your channel is a class act.  Love your videos and even your ads are well done (tasteful).  BTW, I fly a Maule, just a private pilot.  Thanks, Steve
Batteries are only hazardous like this when *charged* . If you must transport them be sure to discharge them to 10-20%. At that low power state thermal runaway is significantly less likely and severe.
Don't want to be a Monday morning quarter back but: Why did they just not relay Dubai's frequency to pilot so that he can then start talking to Dubai directly as the first relay message? Can't imagine the feeling when you realize you are not going to land and the objective now becomes to save lives on the ground as much as possible...
There is no excuse for the aircraft's design to allow smoke to enter the cockpit at all. The venturi tube sucked smoke from the cargo hold into the cockpit. It could have been a forward facing tube that uses dynamic pressure to provide slight overpressure to the cockpit. This could be completely mechanical, with a valve to allow the functions to be reset. Above all, the batteries should have been declared and stored all the way in the back, or they should not have been transported in an aircraft at all.
The FO could've been helped by a fighter airplane to visually "intercept" and do the relaying and visual navigation for him during approach, since visibility didn't allow him to set the Dubai ATC frequency on his own airplane.
Please be careful with inaccurate names and information. You keep calling yourself a pilot in all your videos, if you have ever been to school, you should know the body of water under Iran and above Arab countries is called PERSIAN GULF and nothing else.
What an appalling fire suppression system of that 747 in my opinion. I have so many questions...
Climate goblin Greta does not approve of this carbon footprint 😂
Despite all the good ideas that came from this, I'm surprised that a much simpler solution had not been suggested: VOICE COMMAND CONTROL AND MONITORING. Press button on headset to set voice command. Voice repeats what it thinks you said. Longpress to accept.   Why it's an easy suggestion: -It's a very simple technology, that has been around in simple command for sixty damn years. That's longer than it took to get from a plane hopping a field to putting a man in space. -Additionally the microphone is in the pilot's face, and the headphones are on his ears, there is no radio interference, so there would be less noise to filter than on a regular CVR. -With the system being button and pilot mic activated it would not be a security risk. -The computational power needed is so minimal it could fit on a single chip, or at worst a single circuit board. -Since it would require confirmation after each command no accidental commands could be issued. -It wouldn't represent any major changes to the way the aircraft flies, as it would only be a secondary input method for all regular inputs. -It would need only minimal training as all the handling characteristics and procedures would stay the same, just now that it can be done without actually pressing down on some button. -In a fault the system could be turned off and the manual buttons used. -And of course it would be cheap, because with all instrumentation and inputs running through the computer nowadays anyway, it would only require a software update. -As a backup, and in case of fast reactions needed the standard inputs would be available anyway. -We have seen it for decades in sci-fi everyone is perfectly ready for this technology. Computer, warp 5. -Even older large aircraft these days have some sort of flybywire system, even if it's just autopilot, and connecting this into the autopilot systems would be easy.  As for why it would actually be a good thing: -It would automatically take care of verification to both pilots, combating accidents where values are set accidentally. The number of deaths caused by some flight control being accidentally bumped is way WAY too high. -It would take care of callouts that keep the pilots unnecessarily busy. There have also been routinely issues with these not being followed which has also lead to accidents. -It could alert the pilots if the pilot monitoring fails to check the value it calls out. Thereby preventing system faults going undetected because failed checking on the secondary system. Which has lead to numerous accidents. -It could in an emergency call out checklist items and pull them on screen. The fact that pilots still need to manually search and click on the checklist they need even in the rare case that digital checklists are supported, and worse most often have to flip through ACTUAL PHYSICAL PAGES that can get DROPPED, like frikkin carved stone tablets, is absolutely unbelievable in the 21st century. This has caused so many damn accidents, even though checklists are there to prevent them. -It could also alert the pilots to checklist items overlooked, which ALSO caused accidents. -It would serve as a calming clear guidance to any overloaded/semi incapacitated pilot preventing degradation of situational awareness. Which would have prevented some accidents. -It would enable someone with unclear grasp of the plane type (new pilot/crewmember with incapacitated pilots) to land the plane alone, which would have prevented a few accidents in and of itself. -It would enable clarity about the state of critical systems in case the pilots miss it during scanning. Landing configuration, autopilot disconnect, fire, overspeed, stall, and too low callouts are all fine, but these seem like a fairly arbitrary choice when something like an unresponsive trim, an idle thrust lever, brakes not engaged, and overheating engines are all also things that can be just as fatal if not controlled equally soon, and might go unnoticed for too long a time. -It would finally also enable a bit of control and feedback in case the cockpit becomes filled with smoke. This is clearly a large enough issue that there are several systems to supply air to the cockpit in such a case and to vent the cockpit and even to even design ridiculously cumbersome inflatable tubes so that the pilots may see what's in front of them.   Most accidents covered on your channel could have been avoided with this system.
This one brought me to tears. A trend i keep deducing from all the analysis you've done on so many flights is that while you should always second guess yourself, and your training, *you shouldn't ever do half measures*. In this case it was -Having a critical emergency but not landing at the nearest airport but at the nearest convenient airport. -Not descending to the lowest safe altitude as fast as possible once descent was programmed in. -Verify your inputs into the autopilot if it's the only system helping you. -Do not disconnect the autopilot if it's the only system able to control the aircraft. -If you take manual control take control of everything, including the thrust.  Even the last thing could have saved at least one life. The plane was still flyable and almost even manually controllable even several minutes after the indicated missed landing, so the fire wasn't getting worse. And this was with low speed, so with higher speed the FO might have been able to control it better and somehow made it to the other airport. Or since he was turned almost fully back, he might have been able to come in for another attempt, this time with a lower altitude and speed. Without autoland, gears, runway visibility, and bad flight display visibility it would have been a bad landing, but it would've left better chances of survival than dropping out of the sky due to idle thrust. Or with so much desert around he could have just put it down in the desert going by the altitude callouts alone.
Thanks for the great content but please be noted that persian gulf is correct 5:02
There is an amazing story of a russian mega sub that used lithium fuelled torpedos that came into contact with water. Awful story. Fascinatingly grim. The idea the fuel was so reactive the torpedos went so fast it was like a long bow arching shot compared to a bullet.
11:40 Wouldn't have mattered, even when a lithium fire is 'extinguished' it starts up again anyways. Same with 35:55
This is so sad 😢
Weird, Copa says only put them in your checked luggage
Lithium batteries are no joke.   At an air port near me in the long term parking lots when you first enter there's a sign explicitly banning the Chevy Bolt because of the lithium fires it's had problems with.   Then all the warnings of devices you can't have on board (Samsung Galaxy Note 7 for example)
I'm no pilot or anything, but your videos, especially this one got me thinking. For cargo flights there are very few people onboard. What I was wondering is if it will be possible in extreme situation like this for the crew to deviate the airplane to crash it safely, saving lives below and use parachutes to escape from this hell in skies? Or would it be impossible?
There is no such thing as "autotrottle"
Treehundred is not a real number
there is no curvature, dummy
If they landed to  Doha airoport maybe they were alive
imagine how depressing this must have been for all the flights able to hear the calls of distress without being able to do anything but pray
reminds me of swiss airlines flight 111 where the thing supposed to stop fires does *nothing*
I've got a few orders from small businesses where they didn't declare that the items they were shipping had lithium batteries in them.  It's always upsetting when I see that.
Chinese batteries.
I fire onboard and you choose to travel twice as far..was this a suicide mission wtf, I'd be have you nothing closer than 100miles !!
Cold as it sounds, I'm surprised he even tried - or was allowed to try - to land the aircraft at that airport, instead of being told to ditch in the sea where he wouldn't hit anybody.
For God's sake, NOTHING, absolutely NOTHING, can put out a lithium battery fire. You can add everything human ingenuity can think of, but it simply won't work. Just remember every time you take out your lovely 'green' eco car, the first thing you are going to lose is your 'bits' The batteries are just a few inches below your seat. Luton Airport fire, well, we will never know the truth, they'll make sure of that. Fried noolies anyone ?
I can't even imagine how terrifying and excruciating that situation would be and how horrid that smoke would be to deal with once you can start to smell it.  It's not like a house fire where you can get out.  Just inhaling a bit of smoke from a camp fire if you breathe when the wind blows the smoke towards you can hit pretty hard.  Lithium batteries can be a big issue too since even if there was a fire suppression system it may not have been enough.
Boeing makes the lazyest and shittest aircraft as well as having the worst company and safety culture - they are pathetic.
I CANNOT believe this airfraft wasn't equipped with fire extinguishers.
Perhaps a stupid question but WHY don't cargo pilots carry PARACHUTES?!
Geography is part of pilots educations I suppose. It's "Persian Gulf".
If I ever have to fly with a battery I never have it over 75% charged it I need it at all.  If I don't need it I have it as discharged as possible.
Why not improve crew cabin?
It would be super-helpful if you explained what kind of devices use these batteries if they are so dangerous. Do laptops? The batteries shown in diagram look like regular cylindrical batteries you'd find in a torch/flash light.
Any info on what happened to the company that shipped these batteries?   I hope they were charged.
It's worth noting how every single harness seems to run through the same area
Why didn't they try to repressurise the cabin?????
For me, this is the single most gut-wrenching story on the channel.
A virtual reality headset that plugs into the dashboard would also be a good idea. Good bless the families.
Maybe this is a dumb question, but why couldn't they just do an emergency landing on the water?
That poor man alone in such a
I have seen many of your videos…. You are very good at explaining everything and it’s very interesting but very sad heartbreaking moments through these videos. I couldn’t  imagine how these pilots felt.
This is excellent and should be required viewing for those who use air cargo. I was employed by DHL Express for many years. We were constantly being tested and being re certified for DG. I spent many hours educating clients on shipping of lithium batteries. Some were very frustrated when shipments were refused or returned because they the contents or packaging did not meet IATA regulations for shipping of Lithium batteries. It’s better to have a frustrated client instead of a tragic loss of life.
It is strange that in the 21st century, transport aircraft did not have a 100% effective fire protection system, including compartment opening and depressurization, regardless of fire damage. Transport aircraft operated by 2 or few people should be equipped with an individual evacuation system with a parachute. Military solutions seem to be much better for saving crew lives!
15:45 Isn't the loss of (crew) cabin pressure the reason why they descended to 10 000 ft ? Isn't that the standard procedure? Does the uncontrolled in flight fire override that?
No eject buttons for the pilots? Commercial businesses have no regards for their employees nor the consumers only dollars is important for them. You save my plane or die with it attitude.
I have a question that will hopefully be answered, fully aware that this video is over a year old.   What would be the limiting factors that precludes the possibility of having a ram air system to clear smoke from the cockpit of a freighter like this. Since the aircraft was depressurized, why can't a small door in front of the cockpit be opened to allow the forward movement of the plane to force fresh air into the cockpit and a door in the back of the plane be opened to allow the contaminated air be forced out the rear of the plane?  I'm not talking about a big door, but simply a forward facing air vent that leads directly into the front of the cockpit. That seems like it would create a much higher pressure in the cockpit due to forward motion and the open vent in the tail would be a natural place for the bad air and smoke to be driven out, clearing the plane as it goes.   The vent shown in the video appears to be in top of the plane, which normally would suck the smoke out, but let's face it, emergencies are emergencies largely because they are NOT normal. A forward and rear facing vent would not have a choice but to work, providing both can be opened.
It's not possible for an ATC station to dedicate a radio "spare" equipement to a specific temporary freq in order to keep contact with a pilot who can't change its com radio settings?
Would opening one of the cockpit side windows helped in decreasing the smoke?
I wonder why a hazmat cargo plane doesnt have an ejection seat or some kind of crew evacuation system
With the Concorde when flying west the sun would rise after the sunset that was before you departed London.   2 sunset in 4 hours.   I’ll never forget it.
Listen to this on 1.25 speed
Boing is definitly a crap airplane
Sponsor = death of true thing = potential scam = real scam !!!!
Lithium batteries suck in every sense.
Im amazed how these aircrafts dont have a simple code that you can give in with the airport and runway code that the aircraft does everything by itself and lands safely. It already has the capacity to do 90% of the work...
What happened to the shipper of the batteries im intersted to know.
Why couldn't they open the side window under FL 100?
I watched many videos of aviation disasters and this one, together with the JAL 123,  is so heartbreaking. The first officer deserved to live, it was trully sad and tragic
"Goggles", not "googles"!
I heard there was some dispute whether it was the batteries but that’s what was thought of as most likely cause.   Either way, many people have batteries on their phones etc and it’s generally fine, it’s just more so when they’re carried in bulk and cause a chain reaction.
It’s insane to carry lithium batteries on an aircraft. Can’t believe that’s allowed
I have one question if I may, I just don't understand why there were no fighter jets helping them right the way? And no fucking batteries on airplane, there are absolute hell.
Men om man av vilken anledning som helst ändå packar med batterier i incheckade bagaget (ej handbagage), då syns det väl i någon kontroll, röntgen(?) och plockas ur - innan det lastas i planet..? ELLER!? 😬
While all planes pilots and crew survives the captain leftover is dead so rest in peace leftover guy.
Did him thought about breaking the windshield of the aircraft?
Why don't aircraft have the same devices that firefighters have that allows them to see in smoked filled room or is this  only for seeing people.  I truly enjoy your stories but they are so sad.
I was red cap with Dnata at dxb when this incident happened. I have encountered so many times on passenger aircraft where positioned locks have not been raised properly on incoming wide body aircraft, Also lithium batteries are carried  on passenger aircraft however NOTOC was issued . I
They should have went to Doha
Dear Captain, I fully appreciate your work and have followed the sequence of events with a great feeling of sadness, the captain is struggling to get Oxygen in heat and smoke and the first offecr is fighting with multi abnormal failures while trying to get the aircraft land in the same hostile environment. May the souls of UPS pilots rest in peace. I understand and appreciate the safety investigation report recommendations and hope that their implementation has made freight flights safer; however, I would wonder wheather the following points apply: 1. Was "Land ASAP whenever there is a Fire Onboard" a recommendation added to the decreased time at 25,000 feet in the QRH Non-Normal Checklist? 2. Could the addition of a Loadmaster to freight aircraft crew make a difference? 3. Why can't an aircraft in distress maintain current working radio frequency, to reduce workload in its cockpit and avoid time lost in resolving communication difficulties,  Bahrain Control, in this case, ask Dubai Control to use the same frequency of UPS aircraft? I know that this would have caused difficulty to other aircraft who were on Bahrain Center frequency, but it should have been only for a short time dectated by the urge to assist the endangered aircraft. 4. Besides the recommended improvements on cargo containers and aircraft cargo hold against fire; did the addition of a fire suppression and fire fighting system become a certification requirement on freight aircraft?
the poor guy...
This video actually brought me to tears..
Intressant video 😊🙏❤️ tack
I have watched many of your videos but this one...this one is hitting me so hard...I can't stop crying... I was in a house fire when I was 24.  I know his panic and his thoughts  " I'm going to die today?"
this is the definition of being alone, no one to help you, but the bravery this FO had is unimaginable walking through hell and tried so hard but couldnt do it I just get scared by hearing the callsign UPS 6 just how bad this crash was. may he rest in heaven.
I put some vape liquid in those little pastic bags at security and put it in my bag. When I got out of the airport to take it out and have a vape it was hot to the touch and had leaked. No idea what happened but I was glad it was hand luggage and a short fly.
This was a really educational video. Such a tragedy! It definitely changes my perspective of exactly why you brave flight crews are usually paid so well… so much information needed, just to keep the aircraft under control. And now you add in the countless different types of cargo. And lithium explosive reactions are self oxidized or whatever it is. These things are terrifying! I have nothing but respect for these men. And even the inexperienced 747 pilot was trying to the very end. RIP to them
Every time I hear this story, I hope it'll somehow end differently.
Smoke “googles”! Love it. That’s not how it’s pronounced but I am all about the details.
god i hope whoever didn't think it mentionworthy to label their damn shipping as dangerous was sued into the ground and forbidden to ever ship even the tiniest crumb of bread ever again, how negligent can you be?!
Could't they make the cargo hold air tight/no oxygen/vacume?
Don't cell phones use lithium batteries?
RIP Douglas Lampe (1962-2010) and Matthew Bell (1972-2010)
6:32 sounds like the beginning of a Disclosure song...
We can't get solid state batteries soon enough.
It's not a venturi effect. Just saying.
OH MY GOD. THAT CRASH IN THE END... MY GOOD GOD...
This one effected me the most out of all of your videos. The first officer is a true hero! I cannot imagine what that must of been like under those circumstances. This give me a whole new respect for airlines. I am the grumpy traveler who would be cranky( to myself only) over the restrictions for luggage and carry on baggage. That has 100% changed after watching this channel and especially this episode. My next flight will be much more enjoyable as I respect the flight crew and staff and have a complete attitude change when it comes to restrictions and rules. May these two brave souls rest in eternal peace and I wish their families peace and well wishes on this earth.
Here’s an idea… HOW ABOUT WE MAKE CARGO COMPARTMENTS THAT LITHIUM BATTERIES DON’T MELT??? HOW ABOUT WE PROTECT THE CONTROL CABLES??? HOW ABOUT WE DON’T RELY OF FISHER PRICE BLOW UP TUNNELS WHEN THE ENTIRE PLANE IS BURNING??? WE PUT A MAN ON THE MOON IN 1969…. BUT WE CAN’T MAKE A CARGO HOLD FLAME RETARDANT….. IT MUST “COST TOO MUCH”
This is THEE MOST INFURIATING CRASH I’VE WATCHED!!! There’s no way to get smoke out of the cockpit… there’s no way to put out the fire… there’s no way for him to see anything… JESUS CHRIST!!! This hunk of sh*t plane kicked those pilots in the balls at every turn. This should be a lesson to boeing to FIX THIS SH*T!!!!
Idk about you but i’d say this plane is a giant POS…. Failed in every way possible. Lithium batteries should never be a root cause for an airplane crash. Every time the manufacturers say “flame retarding material”, it turns out to be total BS. These two pilots were amazing…. The plane is trash.
That poor first officer. I remember this accident well, I was based in Sharjah for a few years. It is pronounced Shah-Jar..... Sorry to nit pick.
RIP The Pilots, did what they could Untill the end.
This story hit me hard. It was painful to watch how one after another, a smart and thoughtfully planned safety system malfunctioned, and that the pilots perished simply because everything wasn't fully thought through.  Why did the system that brings fresh air into the cabin fail? Theoretically, you can place holes in the front of the plane that would still help pressurize the cabin slightly due to wind speed, and expel smoke from the cabin through a hole in the roof.
Just think that people want these batteries in cars
The correct name, as you mentioned in your map, is Persian gulf not Arabian gulf. Internationally this is Persian gulf, IDK why Arabian countries trying to rename history and buy the new name for this gulf just because they hate Islamic Regime of Iran.
Man, this one extra sucks. Just no chance. So many extremely crappy things completely outside their control. RIP.
Boy I wish they woulda kept going straight instead of the 180…
would it in this case have helped to either open or break one of the cockpit windows? also when loading the aircraft does one normally place fire hazards furthest from the cockpit?
Es una buena historia sobre este accidente del avión de carga Boeing 747. Con aprecio  Ricardo Alegria Zambrano  Popayan cauca Colombia
Arabian Gulf?????? it has always been Percian Gulf. You better go back to school and learn again. this time properly.
Sir I love your videos so much 😍  It have awesome explanation of flights
I love this in terms of safety.  I was going on holiday with my wife from AMS to SFO and she forgot a powerbank in the luggage.  I quickly notified the KLM staff and the suitcase was retrieved from the luggage processing. We took it out and managed to recheck our bag in time for the flight. Chances of something happening? Really low but still, it is about safety.
###### gulf or Persian gulf?
Why not just stay at 25,000 feet, don their oxygen masks and kill the pressurization of the cabin and starve the fire?
Why didn’t the f/o open the window at the low altitude
The mistake of not turning towards Sharjah (not "sharyia" as you pronounced, sorry..!) saved thousands of lives, because the area in between the 2 airports is extremely densely populated! The pilot did an amazing job in avoiding any civilian buildings, a true hero! I live less than 15km from the crash site and I tried to go and see how it looked like today, but now it's part of a military area, tall walls, impossibile to see inside
Lithium batteries are hands-down the most dangerous type of commonly transported cargo, not just in aircraft, but also in ocean-going cargo transport vessels. They are the reason why there have been so many ROLO fires recently - specifically the Gran Costa D'avorio & the Fremantle Highway - among many many others in 2023.
Its noticable that you had to stop recording, this affected you! Its hard to imagine...
Passengers shouldn't carry batteries but no such concern is there when it comes to cargo planes and their pilots, flying hundreds of batteries at once. I hope the regulations for I-on and other hazardous cargo have changed and been implemented since then. RIP amazing pilots.
they basically landed like me every time in msfs
heart wrenching
Could the FO break a window to get the smoke out?
Why in God's name is there no automatic fire suppression system? Especially on a cargo plane with so many fewer eyes on the situation in the holds??
The so called "Green" agenda with regard to the promotion of EV's appears to have as its offshoot a great degree of managerial bias in favor of lithium-ion batteries, to such an extent that the extreme, inherent risks associated with the self-oxygenating, super hot fires (4,100f/2,260c) has been programmatically dismissed by authorities at the managerial-Satanic level of the binge-drinking frat boys in charge of managing our collective psychosis.  As such the crew was exposed to the oversight with respect to the dangers posed by their cargo in very much the same way as has been consistently witnessed in the case of the many container-ship fires that have been occuring with electric vehicles being shipped across the high seas.  Global-warming rebranded as climate change being a demonstrable hoax, this as easily demonstrated by the failure of doomsday prognostications with respect to sea level rise, the agenda is of course one involving the standard-issue method of deception understood by the terms "strategic and tactical misrepresentation."   After all the objective of policy makers on high is to impose various gradations of martial law by way of recourse to fraudulent invocations of the precautionary protocol with lockdowns due to climage issues imposed with every bit of the same logic of falsification as witnessed with regard to the agenda of pretending that the Corona Virus has ever been the cause of any other disease than that of the common cold.  And so we can expect such "accidents" as this to continue to occur within a predictable cadence and since one of the objectives, aside from restricting travel via EV's in the context of insufficient charging infrastructure and the slow pace of re-charging, is also that of imposing draconian measures with respect to the imposition of internal surveillance systems within buildings, this for the purpose of protecting us all from all of the terrible fires anticipated by way of dangerous lithium-ion batteries inside homes and businesses.  Because all that we are given to understand as true is but a bit of B.S., this per the acronym of the dominate voice within the public information space, See B.S.--i.e CBS.  No hope ont he horizon with regard to escape from the prison planet under design by our binge-drinking, Satanic masters.  My famly runs the so called Illumi-Nutty.  And make no mistake.  They're here to stay.  And they love doing the most terrible things imagineable to children, poverty as the engine of the abduction.
Why they didn't land to the nearest airport which was about 10 minutes flying time?
You know you’re paying attention to all the details when you knew it was over when the FO disconnected the autopilot. I was really fighting the urge to come to the comments to find out what happened, but once I heard that I knew it wouldn’t end well. May their souls rest in peace.
I feel so sorry that Dubai couldn’t manage to tune in into the frequency Bahrain uses, to directly communicate to the first officer on his approach. This would have given him/them more chance to survive 😢
Why didn’t he open the cockpit windows at lower altitude?
The only thing that could have saved them was going for a deep dive right above the ocean and try to water land it.
i got to ask a weird question in such a situation and such height ...could opening the window have helped?
they still will not be able to extinguish a lithium battery fire
I wonder if the plane was a 'Fly By Wire' if they would of had a better chance to control the plane a bit longer and maybe land it.
never knew that batteries were such a risk during a flight. I mean of course I know things can happen with them but I can't remember at all being specifically asked if I have or don't have batteries in the luggage.
It’s so hard to watch these videos while being an aircraft structural engineer.
Wow he should have been given an award or something of course it'd have been to his wife, gf, mom, dad just someone. He's a true hero! He should have been given the highest level of award a citizen could have received! Because he probably saved potentially thousands more lives from that tragic fate than just him self an the pilot! Posthumously awarded the civilians version of the USA'S  highest Military Award for bravery an selfishness the (Medal of Honor) or whatever the equivalent would be for them!
😭😭😭
Planes like this need parachutes.   If smoke starts filling the cockpit, time to place the plane on a decay path near an isolated area. Dump fuel, cut engines, and then jump.
Love your videos, but it’s Persian gulf, not Arabian gulf :)
unbelievable story , just terrifying
Wow. These two men were unbelievably fantastic pilots. What a horrible waste. I’m just grateful that this won’t happen again.
Recently ordered over 500Li-IoN batteries from China, they were transported by land. Kinda understand why. Those fires is next to impossible to put out
Very sad. I hope that installing a portable radio in control towers which can transmit on any frequency is also part of safety recommendations.
That is a very sad story.. You should see what happens when there's a fire of Electric Vehicles on cargo ships. It's impossible to put down and basically destroys everything.
The whole time I was watching I was thinking "break the window" but I suppose it's just too hard to break.  Also, I had fire in the basement of my home once. I tried to go in to see where it's burning and walking two meters into the smoke was one of the most terrifying things I have ever done. It's impossible to see or breathe and if I didn't know the layout, those two meters could've been my death. Utter respect for the firefighter with the mask and oxygen going in. I think I remember him saying that they search for fire by heat and not by sight.
I'm not as near as aviation and firefighter industry, but i just was thinking if there is so much smart systems, why cannot made googles on plane what dublicate instrument panel on googles.. at least most important gauges
34:24 nothing makes me prouder of individuals than when even if their own situation is futile they carry out a last heroic action that saves hundreds of lives
Why didn't he open a window?
If you declare an emergency, you should have to go to the nearest available airport!
Why doesn't cargo aircraft have HALON or other type of fire system?
I’ve been watching your videos for the past day and so far I’ve come up with, airplanes are WAY more complex than they should be. Also, if planes are so safe, why we’re you able to start a successful channel covering accidents? I don’t believe planes are safer than cars. When you crash a car, 100 plus people don’t die. And unless you’re going over 100 mph, your chances of living are massively higher than any airplane.
So, I was wondering,  is the "no lithium batteries in checked baggage" rule BECAUSE OF this flight, or was it a rule before this?
Can't believe there was no fire suppression system built into the plane . If there had been a Halon system they might have made it. Also the Captains decision to choose to go back to the departure airport twice the distance from the nearest available airport was crazy , i would want that thing on the ground ASAP
what if we had a law that if you knowing ship things by plane that are dangerous and dont declare them youd have to pay for a new plane if something like this happens, i reccon it would deter a lot of them who arent willing to gamble that much money
This was the first fatal crash for UPS
Li-ion battery fires are angry fires that make themselves everyone's problem.
couldnt they just keep autopilot on
Would it be a solution to break one window of the cockpit to remove the smoke? Is it possible?
Your pronunciation of googles made me laugh out loud! 😂 and all i could think while you were explaining the failure of the fire blanket thing was “didnt the fire googles help” 😂 its only funny because your pronunciation is perfect so i didnt expect it - i love a bit of spontaneous laughter so thought id share 😊
I had a lithium battery pack fire in my bedroom when charging a 12ah battery pack,within about 2 mins it was impossible to see and breath,can see why they are banned on planes,couldnt put it out but managed to grab it using a wet towel and throw it out of the window,than had time to put my bed out that was on fire,close call!.
Well, I work with bateries, and sadly. No mater what they would do, it would burn anyway. As you said. Lithium batteries generate their own heat and oxygen to combust. There is really nothing you can do on the airplane to stop it. You are also right about consumer batieries. But keeping them in the cabin is also double edged sword. Single battery do not pose huge thread, simply it do not have enough energy, but can ignate diffrent other stuff around. On the other hand if it burn in the cabin, the toxic fumes are much worse for everyone around than the fire itself. And in the airplane there is no way to excange the air. The moral of my story is, that industial batteries are very dangerous, but consumer ones not really.
This is most harrowing one. 😢
What's the point of parachutes if they're never used in emergencies ?
Shouldnt he have asked them to troubleshoot the smoke in the cabin before anything else ?
This is I think the only air crash that absolutely messed me up. I don't know why.
It must have felt so surreal to hear the captain just disappear and hear a thunk and thinking of the chance of surviving.
Did anyone tell him that the title of this video has improper english grammar?   The actions weren't enough is the correct grammar
Gripping, brutal, heart wrenching, valiant. They did there bloody best, especially the first officer. Got me this one 😞
Okay bad luck it was in cargo 4 and 5, but why in the heck is the yoke wires not run above the crew rest area to limit damage in a case like this?
Been binging your videos (they're amazing btw) and this is definitely the saddest one so far. I literally had tears in my eyes. I can't imagine what that poor pilot was going through, and how tragic it was that if they'd only been able to see they could've most likely landed. As an extremely nervous flyer I've really been enjoying your videos. Thank you. In a weird way they're helping me. lol
they should have gone Bahrain or doha, 1 hour and 6 minutes
i also wonder why first officer never thought of landing into the sea if he could barely see his instruments? I am pretty certain that idea of damaged controls due to fire went through his mind plus captain also confirmed that... Is there a program for autopilot to land airplane into the sea? I am pretty sure there's procedure but if you can't see anything you can't go through that checklist...
i might have missed that part in video but how come first officer never executed fire suppression procedure while pilot was still at his seat? He was in the middle of the checklist and at proper height....
Hello mentour pilot, I enjoy all your videos and watch them on almost a daily basis. But I'm surprised, a person like you, who pays attention to a lot of details, calls " Persian gulf ", Arabian gulf !!! Do you have something against the name of the Persian gulf? Because it cannot be a mistake from a person who possibly flies over this gul. or maybe it's about your sponsors, anyhow doesn't make sense... Thanks for your intresting videos.
Dear Metour Pilot, this saddens me the thought that batteries could cause such destruction. But if you just search on You Tube you can see how easily a fire spreads due to lithium batteries.  What surprises me more is this is a plausible explanation as to what happened to South African Airways Flight 295, there are conspiracy theories that arms were on board, when in fact Lithium batteries were identified in the cargo manifesto.  Imagine the following, Lithium batteries ignite, catches fire, burn polystyrene, burn cardboard and wrapping film, this is what lead to the catastrophe. May they all RIP .
They should have gone to Doha
I use Lithium-ion batteries, even bare cells in my LED flashlights, they're obviously very useful, but there's a Hyde side to those batteries; they can get dangerous in a hurry - Lithium fire is so ridiculously hot it would be a tad difficult to fight the fire even in the sky. So therefore I agree with FAA's stance on Lithium-ion batteries for a very good reason - I mean, this UPS Flight Flight #6 and a few incidents involving Boeing 787 Dreamliner's own Lithium-ion battery packs being pushed a bit too hard are indeed the reasons why. I treat Lithium-ion batteries with respect and a dash of caution, and I would rather have batteries shipped to me on ground and wait, rather than risking the perfectly good airplane. 🫣
Once away crom this island, Dubai os my next vacation.  Love you Bro.
I work for UPS Airlines. Recently took a jump seat back from Cologne to Louisville. In the ops center in CGN, there is a small memorial for the two crew members who perished in this crash
I hope Indonesian translate
Why not go to Doha?
Tilted perfectly
You busdrivers are real heroes fatso!!! (Irony OFF).
19:14 Well anyone that has smoked out of a bong could tell you that! The cargo section is like the bowl with whatever you’re smoking. The cockpit is the space inside the bong above the water. That hole they wanted to suck smoke from is the mouthpiece of the bong. If you don’t remove the bowl (stop the fire) the rips (suction of smoke FROM the cabin to clear it) is just gonna pull more and more smoke in. If you can’t tell I have smoked from a bong A LOT! In fact I used to make them out of random things. It was like a passion of mine. I haven’t smoked in a LONG TIME. 😆😂🤣
Why were they carrying such a flammable substance. I also wonder why i leave comments because they are never commented on by the person doing the podcast.
Hi from West Aus. I am really enjoying your content.  I find that I don't skip through the commentary (as I often do on other channels) as you are very knowledgeable with the topic you are talking about.  And I really enjoy gaining a snapshot of you,  the person. 🙃
Just a quick correction. You keep stating "lithium batteries", when it's lithium ion batteries that are so energy dense and have very low internal resistance (meaning they can supply huge amounts of current when shorted, high end modern lithium ion batteries can already have sustained outputs of 30A - this + brushless motors are why battery tools are stupidly powerful compared to how weak they were in just the 2000s).  Lithium batteries have been around for a lot longer and are very safe. They have a similar energy density to alkaline batteries. Except the benefit of lithium AA batteries over alkaline batteries is that the voltage doesn't slowly drop off. It'll stay at the rated 1.5V until it's nearly out, when it'll rapidly drop. So it's brilliant for some applications which like a high voltage, but it also means that AA/AAA devices that show you the battery % will give inaccurate readings, they'll be at 100% for ages then suddenly the device will just turn off.
Obviously it's dangerous to have a cargo hold right under the controls
I’ve done firefighting training for ship damage control with the military and it was scary as heck. We went into the trainer and I was worried about seeing, breathing and more, plus when the flames jumped up at me from almost underneath my feet it is a surreal experience. I didn’t have to deal with smoke in a full face mask and gear but, it is something I won’t forget. I can’t imagine what these pilots went through. My first thought would be to get the plane on the ground as soon as possible.
Way to many adds - your channel now unwatchable
I doubt any plane is equipped to handle a lithium ion fire.
Lithium Ion batteries INSIDE DEVICES are allowed in checked baggage.
Lithium batteries are very dangerous. They catch fire quite often. And the net zero plan is use lithium batteries in aircraft !!
Thats horrific the equipment was compromised and the pilots ability to make decisions was severely compromised by smoke.
New Boeing aircraft have also been modified so that 'buttons' on the panels are now recessed slightly when in the depressed position. Prior to this accident  when a button was depressed it was flush with the panel and, therefore, there was no tactile way of knowing where the button was in relation to the panel. Now, with it slightly recessed, the pilot can feel where a particular button is: in other words the button can be felt in the 'off' position because it sticks out; it can be felt in the 'on' position because it is recessed into the panel.  In the military we were trained to do blind-cockpit-checks in the event we couldn't actually see the panel we had to know where each button and switch was, and what position it was in, by feel. With the new recessed buttons in the Boeing planes that advantage has again been given back to the pilots.
Why not land at Doha? 15,000' runway there.
This explains why when I ordered 2 batteries, there was a massive warning on the box, tons of anti crush air bags, and took 10 days to arrive.
Everything from system to personal that can go wrong has gone wrong here in this case! What shambles seriously!!!
with all due respect, i can't finish this video. i know how it all ends and it's too heartbreaking to bear. thank you for your respectful education on this horrific incident, everyone involved in the sadly futile effort to save the plane deserve to be remembered by all, whether in the aviation industry or not. take care all <3
This makes a lot of sense. Depressurizing a self-oxidizing fire will definitely make things worse as there will be less air to take the heat away. Normal fires never get very hot because they are constantly shedding their heat into their surroundings, mostly the air (flames). If you take away the air the only place the energy can go is straight down. So it just burned hotter and hotter, concentrating all that heat into the fire lining. Basically thermite
this channel gives me all kinds of crazy new nightmares
Sweet Jesus, I had no idea this happened!! Thank you for the detailed recounting of it. I sincerely hope those responsible for that cargo were held accountable.
Were there any repercussions towards the cargo shipper? If not, it's like the motor vehicle driver causing a huge accident behind him as he speeds away unknown.
I'm not really clear on the advantages of going further, almost twice as far, as necessary.  Seems like a bad idea with a fire.
This is probably a dumb question but I'm gonna ask it. :)  I know on the fly-by-wire mode in airplanes that commands are sent via cable to a remote module to do something but when the wires are damaged no command can be sent. (at least that is what I think).  Why don't they come up with some wireless scheme to send commands to a remote module as a backup?  I don't pretend to know what would be involved in doing that or if it would even be possible.
Large commercial lithium batteries can be highly explosive and the smoke extremely toxic. I would have like to know just what type of lithium batteries were being carried - the image in your video is of some simple AA or AAA batteries but a large commercial lithium battery is an entirely different beast.
Jesus Christ that is absolutely terrifying. I can’t imagine that scared helpless feeling of not only being scared you’re going to crash, but also that you might suffocate or burn alive. Jesus..
Sorry guys I know how to spell it's just my phone when I'm typing fast I'm not looking or realizing what it's saying I said built in hud
But the other do is put a building HUD system in the auction goggles itself so they can see what's going on just like a regular HUD system that's just my thought thanks
On that day I have been plane spotting in CGN and waited for nothing for the 747 due to crash! Destination of the UPS 747 was CGN, I wasn‘t expecting the plane to be crashed that day!
My parcel was on board. No wonder I never got it!
I would have thought that extinguishing or just a dumb cargo button would be an obvious solution.
pack 1 pack 2 pack 3. but wheere the loud pack?? 😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂
Mr Mentour Pilot after the Fire Warning shouldn't one of the Pilots personally go check armed with a Fire extinguisher just in case??
Dang rip first officer.  He really did everything he could
I just cant imagine. Ive been on the 74 for 18 years. And I just cant imagine.
This was basically the Kobayashi Maru. 😧
Watched a fire chief talking about electric car fires and how they do not even attempt to put those fires out. They let them burn out and he said it takes about four hours for an electric car fire to end. A regular gas car or diesel fire he said can not only be put out in 30 minutes they can do the clean up in that time as well.  He said the lithium fires would require a lakes volume of water to put out and that most places on highways do not have fire hydrants.  So a fire in a tunnel or underpass that is long could end up killing many people .  I also read that everyone with some old lithium batteries should toss them out because it is common for them to just catch on fire as they get very old . I have many AA batteries that I am tossing today
Two questions:  1. The frequency this plane was using, why didnt Dubai start transmitting on this directly to reduce the number of relay points, instead of talking via Doha?  2. Was it an option (good or bad) for the FO to open his window to clear out the smoke (even though this would introduce oxygen)?
i know nothing about flying but am very impressed with your video! it was incredibly detailed but i didn't feel dumb or lost for not knowing flying/plane specifics...
Why do countries allow flammable things on flights
Damn.  So sad.
He should have njst kept flying toward doha.... every minute counts
This is what happened to the Helderberg.
This is hearth breaking. Rest in peace
Request you do a video about UPS 1354 one day, thank you!
these cargo planes should have a vacuum. No O2 no fire.
don't the oxygen supply run out after 20 minutes?  they must descend immediately
I’d ditch it in the water immediately and break my way out of the cockpit window
Why not under emergency provisions have Dubai tune in to the  aircraft frequency
I always break the rules with lithium batteries on planes but never in cargo holding only on hand luggage 🧳   But I'm a electronics hobbyist who builds packs   And I can tell you that those batteries are somewhat like bombs 💣
My question concerns the protocols for onboard fires. It looks like this crew would have had a decent chance if they’d picked the closest serviceable airfield (Doha). Reminds me of the Swissair crash off Nova Scotia, where after knowledge of the fire, the pilots elected to circle over the Atlantic dumping fuel (though in that one even a straight approach might have been too late). Given the acknowledged serious and unpredictable nature of onboard fire (acknowledged here and even by this captain’s use of “asap,” which he then disregarded), wouldn’t it be best to have an extreme presumption for the quickest route to the closest field where fire is involved?
Don’t talk Jesus that way or you’ll go to hell.
Yeah, not a pilot, not much knowledge of aviation industry, but this seems like a good indication for VR goggles,no?
Why don't aircraft manufacturers and companies invest in surveillance cameras for areas that are considered visually blind to the cockpit crew?
Why couldn't the Dubai controller switch to the Bahrain frequency? Could've made all the difference
so tragic RIP the pilots and condolences to their families It would make a good film though - no disrespect intended. It's a pity the captain chose to turn back. Two good men lost their lives for some cargo... My question is this - is it possible for pilots to 'abandon ship' and jump with a parachute (or ejector seat) before ditching the in the sea?  I flew a Cessna 180 for a couple of hours when I was 19 - that's more or less the extent of my flying experience!!
This is absolutely horrible. I cannot imagine for a second how I would feel. Godspeed pilot.
This was very hard to watch.
There isn't a fire extinguishing system in the cargo hold?
Hi Pitter. I'm One of your followers and thank you for interesting plans. But l just want to notice that there is and there will be for ever only one name for the gulf you mentioned in part of your clip and that is PERSIAN GULF. Please try to make correction in a way acceptable to IRANIAN. Thank you in advance.
i’m a fedex retail worker and we always have to ask if there’s lithium batteries in people’s packages. next time someone asks me why i’m just going to point them towards this video! very well done video and such a heroic but tragic tale
How can you be a pilot and claim you've seen the " curvature " of the earth ? I notice the absolute lack of coverage on my introduction flight. It isn't there.
Surely action should have been taken against the company who loaded on the batteries without declaring them as dangerous goods? And pilot error from the main pilot in choosing to go double distance to Dubai when they could have flown into Doha? Not that it will bring them back, but that decision was a critical factor in the outcome.
He is correct, Lithium-ion batteries produce oxygen from both electrodes, the solvents inside are flammable organic chemicals, and even worse, Lithium reacts with water to produce Lithium Hydroxide and explosive Hydrogen gas. So they are probably the deadliest fire hazard most people will encounter.
Started binge watching your videos. I learned a lot, especially about the lithium batteries. Overall your channel makes me a better, safer, and educated passenger.  I was so into this video, listening every word as you narrated. Even though it was only two lives that were lost, it hit me the most. It was difficult to watch, I even shed few tears.
There are many tragic aviation crash histories but this one is high up there. No matter what the FO did, nothing got better. He would do something that would make me sigh in relief, then something horrible sets in. My heart sank in when he JUST past Dubai Airport runway and it simply never did get better. Thank you for this incredible piece !
Sad to think that maybe they could reach to Bahrein and survive
These poor men died in one of the most horrific imaginable way. Basically blind, barely breathing, disoriented and alone. It’s gut wrenching to even think about it
Is there any indication as to why both of them didn't think of Pack 1? Also when the cabin filled with smoke and the smoke handle didn't evacuate the smoke, didn't they check the cabin pressure? That must've been low since none of the packs were working. Also your explanation of the pack (or air cycle machine) lacks the information that it doesn't only pressurize but also cools the air down since engine bleed air is much too hot. Which means the temperature inside the cockpit with all of its electronic equipment would probably also rise? Last question: Would shattering a side window have helped?
Please do a video of Fedex flight 705
Lithium batteries aren't just HAZMAT, when they ignite, they're EXTREME HAZMAT. They have all 3 legs of the fire triangle--fuel, heat and air. Anything like that should be stowed in special containers that fire cannot burn through or at least give the flight crew some extra time to get to an airport and land. Maybe stainless steel. It would be heavy for sure but what happened in this video is the alternative. Also there should be some extinguishing agent in the box. I read several years ago about a car manufacturer that had made a box with a glass based extinguishing agent that would put out a lithium battery fire. I'm sure all of this would be expensive but not as expensive as losing 2 lives and a plane.
This is one of the most heart breaking accident. First officer tried his best. Rest in peace both pilots. 😢😢😢
Just discovered your channel a couple of weeks ago and I am hooked!  Your analysis and insights are fantastic.
Batteries was for teslas? just imagine having those fire hazards in buildings with people...
I would not had put the Oxygen tanks that far away from where they were needed in the first place. But as I know from experience in industrial companies, many engineers work by trial&error, letting regulations and test teams check for security flaws after not preventing them by design. Same in computer science... sloppy work gets bugtested by automatic routines covering a portion of potential problems and then a lot is invested into workarounds of bugs and bad design decisions, since fixing the design flaw is not possible retroactively.
A very evil black smoke you animated there, I approve
If only they went to Doha instead of Dubai...maybe they would be here today.
I would try to brake a windshield.
I remember when we lost this aircraft. Amazing years later new DG rules come into play
The first critical decision cost them their lives. The pilots should always divert to the nearest airport with good landing conditions. That should be part of the checklist. And putting Lithium batteries on airplanes should be outlawed. The fires can't be extinguished. No materials that can spontaneously combust and can't be extinguished by normal procedures should ever be allowed on an airplane. Lives are more important than money.
The inflatable tunnel to the primary flight displays is pretty cool, but what about a VR cockpit display in a helmet or mask? Being able to see all of your indicators and controls is a huge pro, though data on all of their positions and indications would have to be streamed to the display which could be difficult to certify
Uhmmmmm. One of the worst way to die. Flying blind yet have to rely on the on visual controls from the gear.
Who placed lithium batteries there?? With no encapsulation..??
Second time watching this. I still feel such deep sadness that such a thing could happen to these two amazing people.  Things can change  so quickly . Hunan life is so precious but so fragile.  I love the beautiful poetic but serious presentation.  RIP pilots . May you forever rest 🙏
Why don't they have parachutes???
Why didn't they use fire extinguishers when they first got the indication of fire..strange , if they don't have it on board....
Here's when parachute could come in handy..
This was a better explanation of the incident then the Smithsonian tv channel episode - air crash investigation- well done!
They should have load ejection system in these planes. The Packs should also be redundant
At what alt would it be possible to open the cockpit windows? This could have given them a chance. could have made it worse too...
The only thing too do at this point is to start giving each other charlie horses
They should have continued on to Bahrain rather than go back to Dubai. That was a mistake.
Former UPSer and 747 driver. Excellent details. It was a sad day at work when this happened. All the checklists now say to keep one pack running at all times.
A big shout out to the co-pilot for doing everything possible to save the aircraft and of course for your brilliant analysis. Can you please breakdown Malaysia Flight MH-370. Cheers Captain.
I recently heard coworkers minimizing the fact that biohazard-containing containers had leaked but continuing to use them for shipping because they were in a larger plastic bag. Aside from the fact that plastic bags often shatter on dry ice, I was furious. I gave them an earful. Would leaking biohazard cause a plane crash? No. But it puts everyone handling the package at risk. You never use your secondary containment as your primary just like you don’t rely on the aircraft’s backup safety systems as your primary method of keeping you safe. What astounds me is how minimal the FAA fines are for these violations. $10K fine for Amazon shipping flammables without proper labeling is a disgrace.
What a tragedy. The first officer is an absolute hero. RIP
This is one of the saddest accounts I've seen. I can't imagine being in a situation like this. Rest in peace to all on this flight. 🙏
It was a cargo flight and the operator or shipper didn't declare dangerous goods?  Did that come into the investigation and recommendations at all?  I know that sometimes dg are not declared due to ignorance (mainly pax) but surely on a cargo flight the dg should have been declared? Just asking, I've never flown cargo, only pax.
I was surprised it flew so far with a fire.  Sadly it looks like they could have made the alternate airport, the FO anyway, probably not the captain considering his oxygen situation.
Mentor Pilot and Captain Joe. Thank you.
There are many, many discrepancies and/or inaccuracies in this report...  A lot of available information is also missing...
These poor guys. Seems they were doomed from the start. It must of been like being locked in a dark closet with a dark mask on. Flying through the air at 350mph. And not being able to breath. Basically like your worst nightmare.
UPS my condolences for your lost RIP. 🙏✌️Pilots 💐💐🫡
I cannot imagine the terror that this flight crew faced. My heart breaks for them, their friends and families.
Their should be a sprinkler system installed on these cargo plains?
What an absolute tragedy........ facing all these terrible problems, all at once, they battle with the aircraft until their last breath, they must've been absolutely terrified.
Lithium Batteries.... Stop producing them....
Oh what a awful thing to have go e through!  I was wondering if a hatch door could be implemented so the pilot could push a button and drop the freight from the plane..RIP you brave people may God take good care of you up above
Should have landed Doha.
Why can't there be a requirement for lithium batteries to be stored in approved containers? The RC hobby industry recognizes the danger of lithium batteries and there are numerous containers sold specifically for the safe storage, transport and use of lithium battery packs which are standard for all types of RC hobby vehicles, aircraft and vessels. And, they are specifically designed to endure the very high temperatures of a lithium fire and even in case of explosion.
😢😭😭😭😭
Even though I fully understand how a plane stays up in the air there is a part of me that will always be amazed on how a heavy piece of metal stays up in the air. Aviation is absolutely awesome. And kudos to those who enjoy flying them.
What a harrowing Tragedy, this one was😓Just a total excruciatingly slow developing nightmare that you were hoping the poor remaining Pilot could somehow heroically recover and survive from…May these Pilots RIP🙏🏼🕊
I work for airline cargo company like UPS, we primarily handle Amazon packages and prohibited to load any type of lithium batteries or any devices/products containing lithium batteries. Mostly because of this incident
Dude... The captain's last words are so chilling
I'm amazed at how well this pilot did with the hand he was dealt
To be honest, I find it difficult to trust people. Every time at security check, you see people trying to take liquid on board, if they don’t even know what “liquid” means and didn’t read the signs everywhere on what should be packed, I seriously doubt they know anything about the battery
This is by far the most scariest thing, smoke / fire in the a cabin cockpit!
Now with God
Watching your video about the lithium batteries bringing down of UPS cargo plane. At what time of my life I heard something about a bull a cow hippopotamus elephant something that fell out the sky. Come to find out the anesthesia they gave the animal wore off it woke up and started destroying their aircraft it was a C-130 I believe they open up the cargo than went vertical and let the animal out before it brought the plane down. Now if I put the vertical climb dropping the cargo with an ejection set why couldn't there be some type of injection cargo that would roll out the back of the plane or even better injection cab for the crew
As a retired USAF aviator (E-3B/C, C-141B/C, & KC-10A), we were trained to LAND ASAP AT THE CLOSEST SUITABLE AIRFIELD IF A FIRE WAS SUSPECTED! RIP CREW
Sadly, a risk of flying an electric paramotor, don't go very high so you can land quicker if anything. Otherwise you need a battery pack ejection system.
Could they just simply dump the cargo? I know that’s a dumb question, but is that possible?
It still doesn't make sense while they would return to a farther airport with a fire onboard ...
Just rememberd one incident. The jetblue over the everglades. I believe that was caused by depleted oxygen generators.
Hello Mentour! I have a two (maybe dumb) questions: first of all, when the aircraft has reached 10000 ft. couldn't the FO just open the side window? I thought they're there for case of smoke... And the second one, prbably even dumbest, is that why the Dubai's Tower couldn't change their frequency to match the plane's frequency? Regards Tom
As a long time airline employee, I truly appreciate your words to potential passengers about batteries. I know it can be frustrating to be constantly asked what you have packed in your checked luggage and carry on. What devices, batteries, etc. We only want to keep everyone safe. I think a lot of folks think a thermal runaway is far fetched, but it happens all the time. And finally, God bless these pilots. I wish they would have shot for Doha. I felt they would have made it, but that's an uneducated observation. 🙏
PLEASE UPVOTE THIS VIDEO SO MORE PEOPLE SEE THE BATERY SAFETY PSA IN THE BEGINNING!
Could you slow down to stall(ish) speed and open a window to place fresh air & positive pressure in the cockpit?
Hown about installing an automatic argon facility to starve the fire in the cargo, while no one is allowed to be present at that time, very effective an reliable method to extinguish during flight
time to jump !
It's a shame the video title gives away the outcome.
When lithium batteries were newer and we did not know how dangerous they "could be".  I decided to just pack my portable speaker on carry on instead. (because i wasn't sure but thought it being accessible would be ok for emergency)  I wonder how many people don't know, don't think of this or don't care...
Really appreciate your story but could you please address the Persian golf instead of Arabian gulf. It has been always Persian and belong to this area. Thank you!
I hope the shipper was held accountable.  Lot's of area for improvement.  Sad it takes so much mortality to get people to act responsibly.  ie. I'm surprised a big cargo jet doesn't have gas fire suppression.  Sad and hindsight is always 20/20 but it seems even with the PACK failure and fire they probably could have made it if the captain had taken the fire danger more seriously at first and gone to Doha.
I wonder if *_ditching_* in ocean would be a better lifesaving option if the fire was showing it would be lethal before reaching airport.
Tell us more about he green cans Mentour, Tell us more about Halon please?
The sad thing about lithium batteries is that there is no extinguishing them. They'll burn underwater. They'll burn in a vaccuum. The only thing you can do is try to separate them from other flammable things and wait for them to extinguish themselves. Staying at altitude would not have put put the fire. Might have kept other cargo from burning, but it's hard to say if that would have made a difference.
90% of airplane crashes are due to pilot error so it would likely be much safer to remote control fly them.
Maybe the courier companies should just value the pilots lives over money and keep the area below the pilots empty with more protective material.  This likely would have meant the captain's oxygen would be ok along with other vital controls.  The few minutes extra the pilots had to get the plane down may have made a difference.  Thank you for this detailed story about ups 6.  Best I've seen and heard.
Hi sir I really love and enjoy watching your work but I really have to say this You look like my Music teacher from South Africa
Working with litium batteries in oil well drilling capacity ... I have mad respect for them...Have seen them cut several inches thick steel pipe in half when they let go...
Main mistake, pilot must choose the nearest airport as mentioned was Doha!
isn't there something like inert gas containers? Wouldn't filling a container with Lithium Batteries with Ozone, prevent fire? Probably the thermal runaway would still take place, but.. wouldn't it prevent the fire?
What sort of fire suppression system would be needed to extinguish a LIon fire?
You know something funny? I'm blind and I do flight simulation on vatsim all the time. If this were real I'd have a slightly better chance of controlling the plane with the CDU if in this hypothetical situation it had the ability to talk using text to speech as mine does in the sim.
Passable english, but pretty annoying to listen to for 37 minutes...
I lived in Silicon Oasis when this happened. The 747 fell into an airforce base right accross the highway from us, out of nowhere. We just felt the ground rumble as if the earth was splitting into two.   A friend and I (as curious stupid teenagers) jumped into his dad's old toyota land cruiser and tried to get close through the desert side of the base, it was all smoke and flames, burning feverishly into what we then though to be some sort of terrorist attack.  We managed to put an Ipad with the screen flashing blue and red up on the dashboard, and as it was an old land cruiser in Dubai, we got through the first clouple of gates... as soon as we saw the machine gun wielding army fellas, however, we turned around and went home, at once giddy and scared we'd be jailed (a common feeling back then).  The plane fell, maybe, one kilometer from the compound where we lived, which housed 620 Emirates staff families. If it wasn't for those few seconds of climb, thousands of people would've died.
The story has already been well documented on major networks.  Do you have anything current to report on?
Perhaps this is an ignorant thought, but after having read/watched multiple cases where pilots are blinded by smoke, it would seem prudent (and probably not complex) to add a voice-activated information system to commercial aircraft. "Plane, what is my current altitude?"  "Plane, read off airspeed every 30 seconds."
How did the pressurisation of the cabin fail? Was it disengaged on accident?
Hi! Can you please cover the LAPA Flight 3142 accident in Argentina??? PLEASEEE
Not being funny but if I was the pilots and couldn't see a thing I'd of smashed one of the windows in the cockpit to let the smoke out, do no harm to keep a drill in the cockpit either to precisely make openings For smoke to escape in case of emergency
05:04 Persian gulf not Arabian gulf. Didn’t expect you as a pilot making a mistake in geography.
Due to the curvature of the Earth...?    You sell out.!!!
With the flight area depressurized, would it have been possible to open the window for a chance that visibility would have improved some?
This is such a sad way to die. A slowly deteriorating situation, with each minute your chance of living are vanishing slowly into a black void.
I think I vaguely recall hearing about this sad incident at the time.
Haven't watched yet, but I will. Noticed a plural/singular mismatch in the title. Should have "heroic actions->weren't" OR "heroic action->wasn't"  Love the channel, keep up the great content. Feel free to delete this comment anytime.
Why do they not give the pilots VR goggles that give them a VR display of their instruments for situations like this inside their masks?
If the battery fire was supplying it's own oxygen then halon would not have helped.
Requiring to remove the Oxygen Mask and Goggles to reach the Secondary Oxygen is a major design flaw. Does anyone have any info. on whether it was identified and resolved?
I love men with a swedish accent
Boeing cutting corners for money   Airbus again trying to solve problems
Crazy question.. if the pilot had a gun and shot the windscreen out would that have helped?
funny,nothing was said, or if there were any consequences for not filling out the forms properly, about the freight forwarder, who sent those batteries.  anything happened there ? while it is now 2023, and this happened in 2010, for sure there must have been consequences there as well?
Can anyone explain why there isnt a fire extuingishing system on CARGO PLANES holy shit this seems like the most basic thing to get right but no someone had to cut costs.  Literally a fucking nitrogen tank that displaces the air would work
After watching every video on this channel, it is heartbreaking how often crashes are happening so near to the runway. So often there are missing a few feet to reach the runway or they are shooting over with only some meters away from the proper positioning. This is so sad, that these brave pilots manage it, to see the runway and have only some miles left, but way too often, there are seconds / yards missing for a save landing. This is always a real tragic. So close before being secure. Imagine, seeing the runway not far away but not manage, to reach it 😢
"Mask goooogles...' oh 'mask goggles'!
It makes me almost not be able to breath and really make you anxious somewhat.... Now that's GREAT story telling!!!!
What a harrowing story. I knew about the accident but not in this detail.  I get that the pilot could not change frequency or turn up the volume on the second radio set to use 121.5 because he could not see anything. I also understand that ATC has their frequencies set and can not change them so Dubai Tower could not "impersonate" Doha and adapt to what the pilot was stuck with. So there was no direct communication with Dubai Tower.   But  could another aircraft with two serviceable radios have created a shorter relay to Dubai Tower instead of routing through Doha and a landline?
I could barely keep from crying while watching this. These pilots were effectively dead when the smoke started filling the cockpit.
Only thing that irks me of this is their decision to fly for double the duration, between the 80 extra miles and the turn back, rather than just get down asap  they'd probably be alive if they kept going forward, horrific.
As a retired 27yr Firefighter/EMS First Medical Responder that has declared a 'May Day' in a working structure fire after falling through collapsed stairs/ flooring, I vaguely know how the First Officer felt on being alone in a high heat/thick smoke atmosphere and feeling abandoned 😳.  I was blessed to be rescued by my brothers...unfortunately it was his time. Condolences 🙏🏻
No fire extinguishing capability really seems like an oversight. Seems like a system for filling the cargo hold with c02 could have prevented this.
How terrible.
Batteries are a total pain in the ass, and they should never go by air in my opinion. Given how ubiquitous they are, there's no reason they should be transported in any other way to warehouses by anything other than intermodal container. Even when I'm transporting them in my truck, I'm super anal about where in the trailer they are loaded, and I keep a note of what type they are, where they are - incase there's a fire or an accident.
Do they have handheld fire extinguishers on board? I think this tragedy could have been averted if one of them went downstairs and directly attacked the fire with an extinguisher.
What surprised me the most is that there was no redundancy for the cockpit air system.
I watched this today for the first time - those pilots were in an impossible situation, I do feel that the First Officer did all that he possibly could to try and land the aircraft, alone, essentially blind and fearful, he remained focused and professional -  his actions even at the last moments in flight were nothing short of heroic. May his soul and the soul of the Captain rest in peace - with his duty well done. This one hit hard.
Stupid question. Is there a system where a pilot on the ground can take over an aircraft and land it safely when both pilots can no longer pilot the plane? Perhaphs after they send out a distress for that kind of assistance? Maybe that can help.
What, I didn't even know the thing about the lithium batteries! I bet A LOT of people break that rule, isn't that super dangerous?! That is gonna be my number one reason  why I am afraid of flying now!
They should have taken the closer airport. Probably would be alive today.
"weren't enough", not "wasn't".
Poor guys
Why couldn’t they open the cockpit window?
That Gulf is always called Persian Gulf during history. I do not know how did you come up with the fake name of Ara.bian gulf in this video.
Might be a dumb question but is there a reason why an airport in an emergency can not change a radio to the frequency of the airplane in distress? Dose the airport only have one VHF radio that can be used? or is it a limitation of technology of some sort?
The first officer is a legend, he clearly realized he wasn’t going to be able to land it so in his final moments of consciousness he made sure the aircraft did not hit any residential buildings, he is a hero
I should be army aviation, and this is amazing information.
He fought to the end. Not sure he heard the mask question if so many just mask issues electrical may have blown capacitors.
This is just heart wrenching 😢 In shipping similar risks exists and first measure ist to identify misdeclared cargo. Computer systems processing the load list can do a lot here by scanning through the cargo description even if it is not declared as DG and then punish and/or blacklist such shippers.
A fatal mistake when the Captain decided not to land at the nearest possible airport.  Every professional (and military) pilot MUST have these emergency landing sites already in mind on take-off and throughout the course of the flight legs.
As a layman, I do not understand why there is not more use of cameras in the holds to see what's going on. Also on the rear outside of planes, because many videos I've watched, things fall off engines or fires and the pilots can't see their engines. Visually seeing the physical condition of the engines can some time influence decision making.
Heroism and tragedy.  Were there were any consequences for the negligence of the shipper of the undeclared hazardous cargo?
I was flying in the vicinity  of a swamp fire in the Everglades in Florida.  The fire had not been reported to the wildland fire suppression teams, so I flew the length of the fire, while Miami Approach plotted the extent.   I made the mistake of flying through the smoke column to outline another area. Between the thermal updrafts the smoke in the cockpit and the smoke in my eyes and lungs, it was a tremendously frightening experience.  Fortunately the smoke just lasted about 10 seconds.. I can't imagine dealing with that for any length of time.  The name of the other airport, besides Dubai is "SHAR-jah", not Sharia.  Sharia is a system of laws  influenced by the teaching of the Quran (the Islamic equivalent of the bible.).  I'm sure I will wake up in a sweat, from the nightmare of what this crew experienced..  I wonder if ejection seats might have saved the crew. The Arabian Gulf would surely put the fire out!
I wonder if they had only proceeded to Doha if that might have been enough to save them.  And if they had just put the aircraft into auto land if that might have helped.
Weren't enough *
props for the co-pilot for doing everything he can
Great analysis. This was brutal. May these two Airmen forever rest in peace 🙏🏻
I love your videos. Very well covered, and very informative. Thank you so much for the way you give such detail and make them easy for people with no clue how planes work (I am speaking for myself here).   I am absolutely terrified at the thought of flying. I have not been on a plane since 1976. It was huges airwest. Very small plane. Each time it hit turbulence, I freaked out.    I have friends who think I'm nuts for Watching plane crash videos, but it's okay. I'm never getting on a plane ever again. I recently took a trip from San diego to Denver. I took amtrak. Both feet on the ground. The only way to go.
Why was the relay system necessary? Does a tower have no radio able to switch frequency to the one the aircraft was on?
Surely backup oxygen should be within reach of the seated position.
That must have been absolutely terrifying.
The cargo person not declaring the batteries should be charged with involuntary manslaughter 😕
Do cargo planes have halon systems? I know from experience I've installed them in raised floor in large IT super computer centers and drag racing. Basically it eliminates the oxygen in the air within the space. Just asking..
The pilot on the other aircraft doing the radio relay must still have nightmares about this.
This pilot fought for his life like a lion,   utterly horrific siuation.        I,ve tested a single fone lithium ion battery in a normal oven  ....I WAS SHOCKED  JUST HOW POWERFUL IT EXPLODED.      AN UTTERLY  LETHAL CARGO THAT SHOULD BE SHIPPED VIA SEA FREIGHT ONLY...... are you listening  faa,caa,easa. ?
You would think after all the aircraft that have crashed because of fires that pilots would automatically select the nearest airport. Why attempt to fly an aircraft twice the distance with a known fire?
There should be a way for pilots to jump off the plane when something like this happens. Like carry a parachute. And shut the engines off set a descend rate and jump off the plane let it go down whenever it can 🗿
Lithium fires are horrid. The only suppression that can work is ABC dry. Or. Remove oxygen. I wonder (not a pilot), what about going to service ceiling and depressurizing all cargo bays?
Why dont we leave batteries on the ground?😅
1st O. What a human. Chutzpah obvious.
I watched this one and a few others regarding this accident, I remember it very well when it happened.  I like the way it is detailed here and all the explanations of what's happening with the aircraft systems. One of the things that caught my attention in the beginning of the video is the warning to passengers follow the regulations regarding lithium batteries. I hear that every time during the flight attendant pre-flight presentation.  I just laugh, I know this is not happening. I have an aircraft technician's license and worked in an aviation repair station that specialized in aviation batteries. I was in the battery business for over 30 years.  I was out of the repair side early on and for the most part of 25 years trained other technicians at commercial airlines and major repair stations throughout north and south America. Just at the end of my stint in the battery market, around 2006, the talk was all about lithium batteries in the aviation industry. This turned into a new learning venture as I knew I had to be well versed on the subject. I ended up on a panel, more as an observer, on the use of these batteries in different systems on the aircraft. Including main power.  Although the technology has improved dramatically since then for the ones used in the aircraft, the lithium batteries inside the aircraft brought on by passengers and crew members is not something to take lightly people.  I have been saying for years that it's only a matter of time that a huge restriction would be trigger by a lithium fire.  Fortunately, the "incidents" that lithium batteries have been caused have been minor. However, it has not changed my mind. I have witnessed what a fire looks like from one single AAA battery. Google it, pretty scary.
There have been others.  Another was a Dubai flight.  Scary for sure.
One battery between seats cant make a plane burn, Can it?
They were dead the moment they took off 😥 - I feel the Captain wanted to ditch the plane and do a sea landing 🤔
Man fought a hard battle for his life, and almost won. Sad.
Can’t finish
Lithium batteries should either be made safer or banned.  Ever seen a Tesla burn?  It's more like a blow torch than a fire.
Correction** there is no such thing as southern Arabian Gulf, Please respect history and geography as you can read it is call PERSIAN GULF FOREVER PERSIAN GULF.
This is so sad... And it kinda makes me angry as well. It's as if some malevolent mythological entity decided to kill the crew no matter what.
I watched this video when it was first posted....I just watched it again, and this remains the worst (to me) because of how the FO ALMOST was able to land. A little less altitude and a little less speed and the autopilot could have taken it in. I cannot comprehend how he was able to keep it together to the end. And if the PaK 1 had NOT tripped it may have made all the difference in the world.
My friend, You are an educated person. The official name is Persian Gulf 5:02
5:02 Where is Arabian Gulf?  You mean PERSIAN GULF?
I work for Amazon and you cannot send a package off that has lithium batteries in it without slapping some big ass warning stickers on them. There are also clear warnings on our chutes that are for Amazon Air to absolutely do NOT mix packages from other areas in there and that no lithium batteries or items containing lithium batteries are allowed there.
They should have opted for Doha airport instead of Dubai
I watched Tenerife, Swissair 111 and most of your disaster videos, this one made me tear up. So sad
It was hard to not start hyperventilating while listening to this.   Those poor pilots.   They sure tried hard to get the plane on  the ground safely.
While lithium batteries are indeed scary, even plain AA batteries can misbehave if mistreated.  Our daughter-in-law was in line at a checkout counter when our grandson noticed smoke coming from her purse.  Then it caught fire.  Frantically opening the purse, she discovered a single alkaline AA battery had gotten jumbled with stray coins in the bottom of her purse.  And thru the normal jostling you would expect, a temporary short-circuit occurred, tying the positive and negative ends together.  Dumping the contents on the floor, she saw the battery was smoking hot and splitting wide open.  Moral of  the story?  Every methodology we humans design for storing, using and concentrating  energy, (batteries, camp fires, gasoline tankers, nuclear reactors, . . . ), they all can go astray rapidly if not tended to properly.  As a former road warrior with 40+ years of field service work throughout the US and Canada, I learned LONG ago.  ALL batteries in storage, alive or dead,  are either in a individual plastic bag, or have at least one terminal taped over.  Usually both.  Tape is cheap.  Lives are not.
makes value jet look like a walk in the park. really sad circumstance. rip piloten.
Oh good God. I didn't realize I'd have to listen to YOU for 75% of this video.
Nobody considered the possibility of jettisoning the freight? It's so obvious! You can drop it in a safe place where fire crews have more time to manage it! And freight is not alive!
Really enjoy your work! HOW does it not have a fire extinguisher system????
Even if he landed how was he going to get out.. this was really some of the worst ways to go.. spent most the last few minutes hoping for a happy ending
im sad now
This was a terrible disaster. I will make sure that all people I know is informed about how dangerous Lithium batteries can be when flying and follow Mentor pilot suggestions. I have seen many people taking such advisories very lightly, How these two  pilots died is just horrible. Airline safety is really important and as as passengers we should be aware and compliant.
The FO was a hero, even if he probably did not do the climb just to avoid hitting Silicon Oasis. We will never know... 😢
Superb presentation as usual.
God damnit, he got so close, and it's so incredible he even did. Just god fucking damnit.
UPS have long experience in air cargo ops. And air carriers generally possess years of knowledge about the serious hazards of lithium batteries in transit. Given this wealth of prior knowledge, for a carrier to allow air transport of a large cargo of these batteries -- without ANY prior notification to aircrew, or adequate safety precautions -- amounts to criminal negligence of the worst order.
I think the most simple thing could have helped the 1st a lot: just open the stupid window if it is possible. He would had have been low enough for that. Not for oxy, just for ventilation of air to see a bit more.  But l think that that is nothing which comes in your mind at this situation.   I also don’t know if it would have been possible for hin to do that.
What a tragedy.
Was there any word on the faulty batteries and corrupt Chinese business practices?
Thank you for this factual and interesting description. One question, why would it not have been an option to open both cockpit windows at lower speed to suck out the smoke? Especially when there was no more pressure difference.
Air freight is too cheap.  We need heavy regulation to get 90% of the cargo out of the sky.  I you aren't flying a kidney ready for transplant or a replacement part for a power plant that was never expected to fail, you should be sending it by boat.  No New Zeeland fresh blueberries, no batteries!  AirTransport is 44X worse for the climate than sea freight.
This is so heartbreaking.
Question, why tell the Cabin crew if you dropped your battery or batteries between your seat?
*So, in essence, the narrator is making 'judgment calls' over an incident that was uncontrollable* *Unless you were in that cockpit, there's no way to 'judge' what can be seen or not seen while your airplane is MELTING from what is as close to a 'slow detonation nuke' as it is possible to get!* _____________ *Hey 'Mentour Pilot'...you should have left this one alone, or at least said "The pilots had no chance to 're-cover" at all because the super-heated materials involved made it impossible to see ANYTHING and very likely breathing-in poison gases, mask or no mask!* *ALL THE BLAME IS ON THAT LETHAL CARGO...NOTNOTNOT THE CREW!* *HOW IN F??? DO YOU KNOW HOW BAD IT WAS AND HOW FAST THE CREW BECAME UNABLE TO EVEN SEE THE HUNDREDS OF CONTROL MECHANISMS?* *YOU DON'T!*
wouldn't it make sense to try to ditch as soon as they got fire warning ?
I was so tense hearing this story. You really tell these stories very well. I know these guys are doing their best under these circumstances but it doesn’t do much to help my fear of flying. I can’t even eat on flights. I just want to get off.
Legit question, why doesn't the cockpit door airtight? I thought that's a thing already, isn't the cockpit supposed to stay isolated as much as possible from the rest of the aircraft?
Unfortunately, the Federal Aviation Administration always waits for a catastrophe before implementing stricter safety protocols.  Why not install Carbon Monoxide detectors, surely they would have went off long before the smoke detectors went off.  They are required in apartments, hotels, motels, houses in case you are sleeping and you need to be notified.  Why not install them in planes, because it costs too much money.The automobile industry all is on the cutting edge of technology like airbags, anti-lock brakes, lane departure in case you are drifting out of your lane, sensors mounted on your side mirrors to let you know of a vehicle in the other lane so you don't side swipe a vehicle.  Unfortunately, when it comes to flying you're just an experiment until something goes wrong. Maybe pilots need to go on strike and demand safer working environments.
Excellent presentation. I think this will call for more accuracy in aircraft technology.
The owner's manual for my '68 Corolla says "After smoking, open the window to let the smoke out". If they are depressurized...give them a couple of "wing windows" or vents and a flap on top they can open. Keep it simple.
Anyone else miss the old intro
So very sad for them. Terrifying... I wonder if they might have had a better chance to go to Doah?
He might just have made it if he would have correctly set the heading to 095
Being allowed to ship unextinguishable bombs as cargo or luggage is insane!
Always land in the nearest airport in an emergency.
What an awful situation. This video made me more anxious than any of the other crash videos. What a terrifying situation for both or them. Especially the first officer.
I really wish they diverted. always sad
They should have gone straight to doha it was near to them...
Wow! What an amazing story. Thank you for covering this story.  I cannot imagine the horror that crew experienced. My goodness. All in all, given that we just climbed down out of the trees, all of us are still learning. Better systems will come and lives will be saved. May God bless all of the flight crews up there flying around, cargo & passenger. Y'all are pretty darn amazing folks. Take care.
Guys, if PAK-1 was able to work normally, and the cockpit was able to be cleared from smoke and presurized, could they have managed to save the aircraft?
That is an amazing description of a very upsetting event. Thankfully the co-pilot managed to avoid killing anyone on the ground - they must both be considered Martyrs for their actions! I've been on Fire Training at TEEX in Houston, TX, and have experienced the heat and blackness associated with smoke in an enclosed space. I'm not sure whether I was actually breathing while watching this video but I survived to the end so guess I was! Thanks, Petter and team, for sharing and educating all of us...
so would lithium batteries be carry on because a lithium fire there could be easier to contain? since it's not just gonna trigger a thermal runaway of a nearby box of batteries
4:16 ik the flight is gonna be catastrophic when he's talking about the flight crew in past tense
In Africa we fly Lithium batteries all over the place.
I wonder what percentage extra chance if they'd have gone to Bahrain instead.. part of me wonders if they had made it.
Was Dubai atc not having the ability to tune their radio to that of the flight?
Man you get a lot of commercials
what if the captain/1officer would break the front cockpit glass which would force the fresh air to let in?
I've been binging your videos for past few months. This is the first one that has made me *highly* emotional. A stressful recounting of the events.
TY sir.
This is one of my fears is to die in a fire 🔥. I’m in Arizona and Colorado and both states are extremely fire 🔥 dangerous
I'm crying because this heroic copilot deserved to live.
I'm don't know about the restrictions regarding the opening of the cockpit windows or if this plane had windows that could be opened, maybe they could have been opened and with the help of the smoke shutter the cockpit could have been cleared?
This is one of the most awful narratives that I’ve heard. So so sad 😢
wait i thought lithium batteries were banned from air cargo?
I understand why they made the decision they did in the moment, but man, I really wish this crew chose to go to Doha. They just might have had enough time before conditions got so aggressively bad. So tragic.
they had 0 chance
Why dont they give pilots of cargo planes parachutes? You would only need 2....
Every time he says “unfortunately “ I’m like “damnit!”
i’ve watched many of these videos, read about many accident flights, but this is the one i think that’s stuck with me the most out of all of them. it’s just terrifying. thank you, as always, for covering it so well and respectfully.
Does anyone know if there were any measure that came out of this tragedy that added redundant checks on cargo content?  Whenever I ship anything through commercial shipping service I just have to give a verbal confirmation.
Crazy they do not have a fire extinguisher system onboard 🫢
I keep hoping for no one to get hurt despite knowing full well how it ends. Heartbreaking
I guess the phrase "Hell broke loose in the cockpit" was never more accurate... :D
I have so many things to say but I don’t know how to say them, so I’ll just say, wow….
Important info about batteries: If your device (e.g. laptop, phone) starts "bulging", have it repaired immediately and until then, treat it like a time bomb. If you can't see it bulge/crack, but the battery life suddenly drops ("I thought I had just charged it!") then it's the same thing.  Get the battery replaced (if you know how, you can do it yourself) and safely and immediately dispose of the old one. In my country there are recycling centres where you can get rid of those for free and they know what to do with them.
If you have fire/smoke/alarm/etc., please go to the nearest airport 😑
Poor pilot that’s just a horrible situation to be in, I can’t imagine the fear and anxiety he must’ve been going through 😢
I wonder if they could have done anything, like attempt to land the plane in the water
Man, too bad they couldn’t eject! Especially since over water?!
When first I saw this accident on other programs I cried so much I can’t continue watching 😢😢 rest in peace. And hard luck to family
cant u just smash a window?
Why did  they willingly take lithium batteries up to 25,000 feet anyways?
They were more than half way to the destination... turning around cost their lives.
17:55 Obviously they were not.  You just said the autopilot was saving their butts and they didnt even know it.
So help me out here, would they not be able to make aircraft’s that have some sort of remote manual takeover like a drone? Admittedly I know nothing about aviation but it seems like implementing drone technology MIGHT be able to help a bit in situations like this where a pilot has no visibility or control issues.
What a tragic accident well told. Some fateful decisions to ponder though. Not to go  straight to Doha ( less than half the time) and get the aircraft down ASAP  Amazing that there was no effective Fire suppression in 2010 on a modern Cargo plane! Directing a heavily crippled Jumbo over a heavily populated area! Not considering a water landing especially considering no gear and an overweight!
In a situation like this do you ever attempt to cut your losses, ditch in the sea, and try to escape with your life?
Fire supression might have slowed the fire and given them time to land, but lithium batteries are a bitch to put out completely.  Especially a bunch of them in a container.  Look up videos of lithium battery fires or electric vehicle fires.  Sometimes fire departments have to submerge them in barrels of water and they continue to burn.  Or they will dowse a vehicle fire with foam for hours to put it out and as soon as they stop it will reignite.
This might be a stupid question but here goes...  Couldn't they climb to 30,000 feet and depressurize the cargo section, thus starving the fire of oxygen? I understand that lithium batteries would still burn but couldn't that buy them some time?
The first officer fought in hell. Rest in heaven.
To many advertising adds to fully listen to what your trying to listen too!
I am 58 y/o, and have never flown in an airplane. If I ever had to, I would want Mentour Pilot in the cockpit. If I knew he was up front, I could easily sleep.
Outstanding! This is BY FAR the best walkthrough of the tragic UPS6 event I have ever seen. You captured it all! And yes, the crew, unfortunately, pulled the smoke vent handle.
I’m sorry I don’t understand what the difference would have been if the batteries were listed as Dangerous cargo.  Does that mean the cargo would have been moved to a different section of the aircraft?   I really enjoy your videos Sir.  Thank you for all your hard work making these videos.
The level of sophistication of your videos has skyrocketed. Whoever you have hired is incredibly competent. Any criticism of your videos should be limited to only those in the higher echelons of video consultation. Fantastic job! Please just watch the reputation of your advertisers... I think that can be an Achilles heel...
@Mentour Pilot It is time that aircraft manufacturers installed support for voice commands. Especially radio frequencies, headings, altitude, airspeed, gear and the like.
How dark can it be with smoke? During the last wildfire in California we had 2 days that were basically like midnight! NO sign of sun. We saw no sun for 2 days, and it was summer. That was unsettling!
"due to the curvature of the Earth" ??? LMAO Hey mr shill the Earth is level, and the commercial grade airlines LEAP Turbines (High Bypass) create the thrust by compressing air. Feel free to talk jibberish about hundreds of tons of fuel in the wings and such. People like YOU are the reason I will never get on a commercial airliner, ever. As you don't know the wings are not full of fuel.
Lithium - Ion...so f* dangerous, it can burn because of mechanical damage, heat, and false charge. I speak from experience, handle them with care, dont use a 1 dollar charger for your phone, get a high quality charger, it might save your house :)
Isn't there an axe or hammer in the cockpit for breaking the windshield? If they had done that, just one of the side windows, maybe the smoke would have been blown back out of the cockpit. Just a thought, it would probably have made the fire worse, but in that situation being able to see the controls, to, if nothing else, try to land on the ocean, would have been preferable.
Love your videos Peter, just amazing. God bless the pilots lost.
This is horribly claustrophobic. This poor First Officer. You can really sense the despair in his words. He was effectively flying the plane nearly blind. I also feel terrible for the pilots on the relay plane, this must have been traumatising for them too. I can't imagine having to continue a flight after an experience like this.
Your map refers to the Persian Gulf as Persian Gulf, yet, you choose the offbrand nomination? That's not nice.
..a strange decision not to head to Doha..inherently the same condition's as Dubai.
I'm a bit baffled that there were only smoke detectors in the main hold, like why the hell not stick one in each bottom hold?   I guess it's just the design of the pre converted boeing?
I ve been watching your videos for a while and this is the first one that i couldn't stand watching.... i skipped from the moment the captain lost oxygen until the moment the airplane crashed, it was just too painful to hear about what the first officer has been through
Seems like moving the control cables above the crew rest area would buy at least some time in the event of a fire. I wonder if that was considered when deciding where to lay the cables.
Had he landed, would he have been able to open the cockpit window? How hard are those to open in those conditions?
I cant believe the pilot wanted to turn back though, even if it was a "quicker/easier landing sequence"
What if the plane has Google home.... "Hey Google, set the radio frequency to xyz"
I know the outcome, yet can't help but root for FO Bell to land safely every time.
It's absolutely ridiculous how little fault is attributed / mentioned towards those that loaded the problematic pallets, or even before that, those we didn't declare that there was hazmat on the plane. The lack of understanding that there was highly flammable content directly below the crew rest area probably contributed significantly to this accident, and it would then almost seem obvious that those who loaded the hazmat are at fault
I thought he was going to make it...until he put 195 instead of 095 for the heading. The most haunting accident video I've seen on this channel.
This man is at war with the subjunctive…
Why the plane didn't have the fire detectors? Was it because nobody imagined that the fire could start in that cargo bay?
The first officer continues to communicate through a relay when he is in the vicinity of Dubai. Why not directly with the tower?     Once when disassembling a tablet computer I sliced the foil wrapping on a small lithium battery with a knife. Each time I sliced flame spontaneously appeared along the blade of the knife. This kind of battery was about a 2 inch by 3 inch rectangular packet of dough about 3/16 inches thick, in a foil package.
Captan has fire!! on his aircraft and chose 180 turn to re-do twice the distance to land. How come???😬
You are a firefighter too. Me as well, but never on an airport facility.
Absolutely very well made. Great presentation. Asiana had a lithium cargo fire flying from Seoul to Shanghai and crashed into the sea. This was after the UPS crash. There does not seem to be available information on this and I think it would  be very educational.
i have seen many of your videos thats the most tragic in the sence that they could have done nothing to change the situation.... To you, amazing job i really like your videos you always talk kindly for everyone. Keep it up!
Thank you these films are very interesting
In-flight fire, most terrifying mishap.
OMG! What a tragedy! I was hoping that first oficer will make it!
With Autopilot, auto-landing, and auto throttle features possible, why do modern commercial aircraft not have any emergency remote control capabilities?  I’d guess the main concern would be security related (digital hijacking)… but I figure in the case of incapacitated flight crew, zero cockpit visibility, or physical hijacking, having the ability to allow ATC or some ground entity to take remotely control of the aircraft could be life saving.
I was a pilot living in Silicon Oasis that night and watched him pass over us at around 200 feet. I saw him impact the ground just to the west of us. Terrible night but so many people had a lucky escape. Can’t help but feel really bad for that poor FOs predicament. RIP
just curious, is it possible to depressurize the cabin? and could that have suppressed the fire/smoke?
I actually saw this one crash; he flew over our pilots compound, descending, but probably around 200 feet. Thankfully he cleared our area but crashed over the road in an old army camp. RIP.
This is a good advertisement against lithium battery and tesla car.
mate i never comment on youtube vids but wow, i appreciate these vids so much and the fact you were a fire fighter then a pilot wow, you are great
How don't you know it is PERSIAN GULF not ara..gulf.... That is a shame for a Pilot....
Wonder why the ATC didn't tell them they were closer to Doha than to turn around and go back, not in an argumentative way, but as an FYI. Maybe that's not allowed. Might not have made much difference, though: the swiss cheese didn't seem to have been stacked in their favor.
I'm quite familiar with Lithium batteries due to my hobbies, and they produce a particulary nasty kind of fumes/smoke when burning which leaves a heavy black soot/residue. Both the cockpit instruments and smoke goggles would have been covered within minutes.
If the cargo deck doesn't have any air flow, just climb. Higher the altitude, faster the fire will go out. That is of course depending on if the cargo hold is pressurized or not.
What a tragedy. But I have one question: Why didn't ATC Dubai change the frequence, so they could directly talk to the pilot without relais-stations?
Captain. It would be great if you can do the incident Swiss Air 111 MD 11.
Wow that was brutal to listen to. I can’t even imagine what that must have been like up there alone for those final minutes
I can’t imagine the helpless feeling this FO had. He fought til the very end. God speed. Had the FO been able to see he would’ve had that plane on the ground regardless of whether or not he had flight controls or had to use the autopilot.
Why the battery could not be stored in air tight container, with no oxygen, and could not burn?
There has to be some efficient way of enabling the cargo planes to take the necessary actions automatically, once the internal sensors in the plane and in cargo containers, pick up the minimal traces of any fires. For example, containers carrying batteries and other high risk items, would have the appropriate fire extinguishing recourses, to extinguish a fire provoked by those cargo items. The type of extinguishing recourses may be either carbon dioxide or foam. If any fire starts outside the containers, the extinguishing resources and maneuvers necessary to be starved of oxygen, are activated with very little interaction from pilots. By now, measures like these should have been implemented since that described incident took place.
Hello Petter! Please consider doing a crash analysis of :  Crash of Learjet 35A — N880Z on December 27, 2021 in El Cajon San Diego, CA.  To me, there are multiple situational learning points, also uniquely to small jets and apparently deviating from SOP on approved approach. Thank you!
Terrible.  There should be a way to command an autoland from the ground or satellite to the aircraft overiding the crew commands if they cannot land themselves.  We are in the 21st century.
The first officer must have thought it was a dream at some point. Incapacitated captain, can't see, no comms, on fire... sounds like the nightmare you'd have the day before your qualifying exams.
I had never realised that lithium batteries could start a fire like this. So presumably just a four pack of lithium batteries in someone's suitcase could start a fire ? I think both pilots showed incredible skill, especially the FO who was left alone in that smoke-filled hot cockpit. He must have known he wasn't going to make it at the end and yet he still did enough to avoid crashing into the residential  area. I think he deserved some sort of posthumous award for bravery. The saddest aviation video you have made in many ways.
Hearing this while knowing that a fraudulent American tech company called FutureMotion has recently been instructing customers not to declare the (fairly big) Li-Ion batteries inside their faulty hoverboards when shipping them back for RMA just makes my blood boil!  Like, I figured that instruction was probably a bad idea, but this is far worse than I could have imagined, absolutely horrible! Giving such instruction is not just negligent, it's downright evil! Those managers are criminals that should rot in jail! 🤮  (check out Louis Rossman for more details on that dumpster fire)
can't imagine how hard it actually was to be in that cockpit, R.I.P captain and 1st officer
Is the instruction to not try to remove any smart devices that are tangled up with the chair coming from some actual incident or is the industry finally starting to think through best practices before shit hits the fan?
this crash wasn’t even a year apart since the azza b707 crash in sharjah
The first officer really did his best to try and land that massive aircraft while being all by himself, in an insanely hot cockpit filled with smoke. I can’t even imagine what he was going through during those final minutes. The amount of stress he was going through must've been terrifying.. May the pilots of UPS 6 rest in peace.
Maybe this sounds crazy, but provided they had the tools could they have smashed a window out in the cockpit to air out the smoke?
In my opinion the pilots should have special knowledge about the cargo plane technology and know how to deal with the special critical moments. A normal pilot working on passenger planes are not suitable therefore.
If the captain would have made the decision to go to the original airport suggested...do you believe they would have survived? Terrible what happened and I feel for both the pilots but especially the first officer. Him being on his own and trying his best to land the plane. Awful!
Would built in emergency fire extinguishers, like restaurants have helped?
What a sad way to go.  Can’t even imagine the stress he had.
The Rapture is coming soon! The Rapture is when Jesus will take all people who love Him to be with Him. It will be unexpected and sudden. Repent! (I will try and Repent too) and belive that Jesus died on the cross for you, and trust in the blood of Jesus Christ and you will be saved. The only way to be Raptured is  being saved through Jesus Christ. After the Rapture there is the great tribulation in which God dumps Judgement on the earth and you don't want to be there. I pray that you will be saved in Jesus name. Thank you God and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Does the cockpit not have windows that can be opened? I thought they had windows on the front, I might be mistaken but I could have sworn I've seen photos where they have the windows open
You are such a good story teller Hollywood such put you in a movie. You are so riveting
Why would I pay money to join your whatever it is when I can watch this shows on You Tube for free? Scam
I was a firefighter for 33 years and I was getting more and more distressed with this story as it progressed, I felt every emotion this pilot felt
If the pilots landing at Bahrain doha airport. The captain and copilot is gonna survive (if the runway are enough to land a 747 lol)
This one just destroyed me. The detail and explanation as usual is excellent. The incident however, is just so devastating. The pilot showed excellent airmanship to the very end. He tried so hard.
Been binging all your videos mate, they're super well-done.   Your explanations and transparency are so important, which shows especially in this video.  Because I always assumed that battery capacity for hand-luggage was there for terrorist attacks (such that you couldn't craft a powerful weapon on board) and as such never saw batteries, even larger capacity, in stow-away luggage as an issue, since no one can access them there.  This video made me realize that the hand-luggage requirement is probably moreso in place to have a chance to control a potential fire, which would not be possible in stow-away luggage.   Honestly, a lot of this stuff wrt safety regulations has to do with understanding why they are in place, and it's on the one hand a shame that this is so poorly communicated by the industry to passengers . On the other hand, it also shows how good this content is that you're making.   Keep it up!
Bro you won’t believe how much info me and my partner have taken from you for our future flights! Great guy!
What a legend, so sad that he Almost made it and incredible that no one on the ground was killed...
Why didn't they open the cockpit windows to clear the smoke? They can be opened without consequence below 250kts.
this accident is important to me and hits me in a special way because the flight was supposed to go to Cologne (Germany) where I live and I am a dangerous goods specialist (transport of goods classified as dangerous aka hazmat), so I have A LOT to do with lithium batteries not only but including air transport and try to spread the word about correct packaging, handling etc. of those batteries and other dangerous cargo.
'make sure that the batteries you carry are allowed to be carried on passanger aircrafts"  that brings me back to when I had to get off a flight due to my wheelchair batttery not being suitable to fly, and unfortunatly wasnt noticed (by anyone, including myself) until i was literally on the plane I tried to do the right thing, when i brought it i told the sales person and the occupational theapist that it needed to be able to go on planes, I also contacted the dangerous good department of the airline and got approval through them, and then went through it all again at check in. It wasnt until I got onboard a flight attendant noticed a small airplane symbol with a cross through it (I know I should have checked and noticed it) and they double checked the specs and it exceeded the limit that was allowed to fly on that airline. The pilot decided he didnt want to risk it, and i was given the option to go without it or get off and figure something else out.  I luckly had another wheelchair with a battery within the limits and had a friend bring it to the airport and was put on the next flight. So make sure to inspect your batteries!!  (I should actually add that I 100% understand why I couldnt fly with it, and as stressful as the situation was I'm glad they caught it, I would rather deal with the stress of having to organise getting a different flight, than something happening to the battery during the flight)
Is it possible that the oxygen issue was due to the heat causing the metal pipes to expand and restrict the airflow to the pilots?
I admire all your efforts to make sure professional and informative videos.  you are awesome.  EXCEPT,  on this video you called the PERSIAN GULF,  "Saudi Arabian gulf" little unprofessional.  🙏
I fly drones now I know why all my batteries are shipped by ground and take 3 werks
Can they not have a button to open all the cargo doors?
Lithium ion batteries burn at somewhere around 8000 degrees so that fire would've been like having a giant plasma cutter turned on in the cargo hold.
Blinkist is like a modern day Cliff's Notes. Technology is awesome. 🙂
The fact that it wasn't required to have a live camera feed to the cargo hold has got to be one of the most bizarre oversights I've ever heard in my life.
That is really sad. What I do not understand is why they did not use the nearest airport available. I mean I would be terrified as a pilot if I got a fire warning and would have only one thought: land as soon as possible.  I salute to the first officer for his struggle to the end. May they both rest in peace.
This hit me hard. At my former workplace I was certified to handle DG by IATA. We sold kids shoes that light up via lithium batteries and aerosol cleaners. Some of them were exempted quantities, but some had to be declared as Dangerous Goods with all the related packaging and documentation, and the Company DID NOT want to spend that kind of money. I was told a number of times to " ignore and just ship them as general goods" and I always refused. This kind of incidents happens when you decide to save some bucks. Terribly sad. I sent the video to my former general manager as a reminder, hopefully it'll make him question what he used to tell me.
Why didn’t he just break or open a window to let the smoke out so he could see? I seen planes / jets have sliding glass windows in the cockpit. Why does it not have a air venting system in the cockpit to clear out smoked air?
It seems to me they should have continued to Bahrain rather than turn to Dubai since it was so much closer and the trouble with communication. This one effected me, so tragic for 2 pilots.
I have not yet seen such a tragic, gripping, and well presented video from you, thank you. Poor pilots, it seems that whatever could go wrong did go wrong, RIP to you. What about the owners of the cargo, did they suffer consequences?
"the curvature of the earth."  .... you know as well as the rest of us that the earth is flat.
This is such a sad story. You can imagine the FO fighting for his life without being able to see. RIP
to bad he couldn't ditch aircraft in the ocean and have an ejection seat! That was horrifying.
These pilots are my new Idols  They never gave up what legends😭😭 RIP
Heartbreaking.
Hey, you have been an airport firefighter? Might I ask on which airport you were stationed? Was it a full time position or part of your job at a smaller airport?  And did you get into beeing a comercial pilot because you worked at an airport fire brigade? Sorry for the questions, I am also an airport firefighter and I find myself more and more Intressted in acutally flying those facinating machines. Actually, becoming a pilot would be the only job I would give up my firefighter career for.
just watched this video now and i live in silicon oasis and now i am realizing how close i was to dying one night,  I still remember what happened, it felt like an earthquake and a gas explosion at the same time and scared the living hell out of me. Now I'm watching this it truly breaks my heart and makes me feel so lucky for the fact that not too many people died and the only people who did were trying their best to land, I give kudos to the flight team on this flight. Truly hope they are doing well now wherever they are...
You assume we know ILS
I watched this episode of Air Crash Investigation and it showed how dangerous lithium is. UPS Flight 6 carried 81,000 lithium batteries and sometime during the flight one of those batteries experienced a thermo runaway and burst into flames, setting off the disaster. Was that battery damaged?
We now have VR headsets, they should try that.
great video. But I laughed when pronounced “googles”
I hope somebody can reply to this.   I really don’t understand. In a situation like this, why not just clip the documents down, and then break the aircraft glass?? The pressure difference will just suck all the smoke out to the atmosphere. Problem solved?
Were there any repercussions to the shipper who didn’t disclaim it was hazardous material?
WOW! My heart was pounding from the minute you hear inflight fire .. I understand the huge stress they were under but why would you go back to DBX when it was twice as faraway.. that FO fought the whole way down .. this was so hard to watch , great narration
El Al Flight 1862 October 4, 1992
So they died for all our cheap battery operated Amazon junk that we all order. Sad
Huge error!….should have gone into Doha, may have saved their lives in hindsight.
I was an ops controller in Abu Dhabi at the time and actually heard the live transmissions from the FO on our company  frequency as it happened…..it was horrific……some of our own pilots were relaying info for them……my airline refused to carry Lithium batteries way before this happened….thank god
@Mentour Pilot I don't understand a simple thing. Pilots know the dangers of fire. And the importance of an early landing. Capt Doug chose Dubai, twice the distance, I think it made a fatal difference and they simply ran out of time fighting the ferocity of the fire. The FO truly heroic as he was, was trapped in a situation that had to me the well intentioned but extremely risky decision by Doug to head back to Dubai. I know one thing and one thing alone. Fire or flight control problems a pilot must find a way to land ideally or ditch worst case. The FO even then almost landed in Dubai given the impossibly difficult circumstances. I hope the Captain had chosen Qatar. I was in Dubai when this happened and it was heart wrenching
I would love to see you doing an episode on South African Helderberg.
As a pilot you should call The Persian Gulf by its correct name.
I've been avoiding this episode because I knew how heartbreaking it was. That FO was an incredible pilot for how far he made it with everything going against him.  Beautifully covered!
Would choosing Bahrain over Dubai made  any difference?
Great video!
Wow what a tragic and terrifying thing to have to go through for that first officer pilot on that UPS cargo flight.  I just can't even imagine! Thanks for a superbly well done, well researched and well presented video Petter!  Nicely done!!
RIP both poor pilots
You would not believe the number of hoverboards (lithium=-ion batteries) we intercept. And we don't know how many we might be missing. Commercial aviation passengers have no clue when it comes to hazardous materials.
Only if they knew they had dangerous cargo. They would’ve probably prioritize putting the plane on the ground instead of going back 💔
Why didn’t they just rush to land the aircraft before the fire and smoke spread too much
Don't have to imagine... Anyone who's been a sufficient time in a cave or mine-shaft has had the opportunity to see "Truly Zero Visibility". There's no experience quite as ego-destroying, lonely, or uniquely anxiety and disorientation inducing as TRUE Zero Visibility.       ...At least, the first few times you experience it...      ...Prop's to anyone who trains for it, and repeatedly exposes themselves to the experience, regardless of profession or interest that brings them to.  ;o)
I did not know  there were cables on a 747.. I thought it was all hydraulics
As a 40 year veteran pilot, my hands were sweating going through this video.  I have had smoke in the cabin twice in my career and it definitely gets your attention.  I have also trained on EVAS and think it should be a mandated item on every pressurized aircraft.  You better know your mode selectors like the back of your hand though because EVAS doesn't keep them visible.
Very sad accident !!! Comunication like in the stoneage. Why not to Doha, half the flying time !!!!!!! Boeing is very unsafe airplane, the cabinet should be completely isolated to avoid smoke can coming into the cockpit at all. If you have a problem like this, land as fast as possible or use a parachute and dump the airplane.
No excuse for this. Those cargo areas should have fire suppression systems in place. No reason not to. So you may have to take a couple fewer pallets to offset the weight. Lives are more important than material items.
I was there,  driving back home from work,  I worked near the to Dubai Silicon Oasis.  DXB is packed with travellers and tons of aircrafts. city is very populated too; he just crashed 5 mins away from all these,  in a remote area.  Otherwise the death toll would have ben very high
Just a question: would it be possible and helpful to open a cockpit window? @mentour pilot
or just open a window in the cabin. Dont say it cant be done. If not a window then a vent. Easy. Much better than the tunnel googles
No fire suppression system would have put out that fire.  Need a fire proof container.
Man being A Firefighter Is Hard You Are A Legend And Also Doha Airport Is Only For The Emir Air Force Because of The New  Hamad International So All Cargo/Passenger Flights Must Go To Hamad International Airport  BUT   the qatar government is planning to open doha internationl again to ease the crowds of the FIFA World Cup
YouTube ads come at the worst times.
That's so sad. Lithium-ion battery fires are extremely dangerous because they are self-oxidising. If you see a laptop NMC type cell fire, it's like a solid fuel rocket engine. Normal fire extinguisers cannot put them out. Depressurising the hold may even provoke the cells to expand and deform, setting them off due to differential pressure in the sealed cell. The 'Dreamliner' APU battery fires were also lithium-ion and caused by poor battery selection choice (they were an unstable type) and bad battery charger design. They had to ground the whole fleet.
Wilth all respect, you used the word "Arabian" for the gulf in middle east, which is totally unacceptable because this gulf has never had a name throughout history except "The Persian Gulf". It is literary the only official and historical name of this gulf
I can't believe that in 2010, aircraft were flying with such poor fire-related emergency kit. Disgusting. This should never have happened.
This is such a sad story 😭
Man that hurt,i learned allot from this and batteries should be gone from history entirely .
Why did not the pilot break the side window to get rid of the smoke in the cabin and for fresh oxygen.
This story was very scary. In my previous job I worked with electric scooters and other small personal electric vehicles (PEVs). These often has a battery capacity of 200-400Wh, while the most powerful ones has a capacity of over 2000Wh, far above the 100Wh you're allowed to carry with you on a plane. And I have seen enough videos about PEVs catching fire. You really have to be careful with these Lithium cells.  There's a company called Future Motion that makes the Onewheel. They have made their newest model impossible to repair by the user because they "care about your safety". However they're currently in big trouble with the shipping companies, because they have failed to declare their shipments as "dangerous goods". Furthermore when the customers were going to ship their devices back to FM for servicing, FM has told their customers to cover over the battery warning labels on the box. So much for caring about safety! (Louis Rossmann has a few videos about this.)
Sad to hear watched the whole thing keep thinking co pilot thinking point me somewhere safe to crash.
I know this sounds stupid but how much would an opened cockpit window have helped with the smoke? I mean the cabin is depressurized anyway so that wouldnt be an issue
Did anything happen to the company that didn't declare the dangerous cargo?
That is super sad.
He did his best to land, but he didn’t have much of a chance
Why didn't they tried to ditch the plane in the water? Could the autopilot do it?
Well done.. an amazing depiction of that accident.. I really did feel for the crew. Before moving into professional flying I had a very long career as a professional yacht skipper. On one occasion, 130 miles from land on  large motor yacht, we suffered a major fire. I'd undergone training for these events.. and later as a pilot, many more training events.. In spite of being warned many times of the speed that fire can progress, it still came as a shock.. this was a very large motor yacht, the fire suppression system had failed and in spite of multiple attempts to deal with the fire, choking, nearly blind, burning lungs.. we had to abandon the yacht in less than 30 minutes. Many years later, having retired from professional flying, I continued as an instructor. I was amazed that the onboard fire checklist pertaining to the aircraft on which I was instructing, detailed multiple attempts at troubleshooting the problem while still at altitude. I always emphasised the importance of descending, diverting to the nearest available airport, and troubleshooting with the airport immediately available. Better troubleshoot with the airport in sight than at 35,000 feet,
As a former pilot this video was heart wrenching for me. God bless that first officer and his heroic attempts to save his life and those on the ground.
this story was so sad it got me tearing up.... the FO tried his best to the very end...
Such a tragic incident. One thought that keeps bugging me as I think about this incident is why would the pilots not try to open the cockpit windows? Atleast when the smoke density got so high that visibility was severely affected inside the cockpit and none of the existing systems (like disabling the Pack) seemed to improve it. I clearly remember from other pilot videos on YouTube that in Airbus aircrafts, it's possible to open the cockpit windows in flight and I vaguely remember Petter himself talking about opening the cockpit window of his Boeing aircraft once during cruise. Wouldn't the rushing wind after opening the cockpit window help reduce the smoke at the very least?
LOOK MUMMY THERES AN AEROPLANE UP IN THE SKY !
I found myself getting really down as I realized no-one made it out of this. (Your demeanor changes as you continue through a story. I can see how much these impact you, even in the telling of the situations.) I admire that First Officer so much; it seems he never gave up and tried so much to get the plane safely back on the ground. Such a damned shame, the outcome.
Thank you for your videos.  I have enjoyed them for more than a year now.  In this video I see the "solution" of the plastic mask over the instruments as a bit awkward.  I grew up in the era where parents smoked in cars.  There was a small triangular window vent on both sides.  One pointed forward and the other opened slightly would completely remove smoke from an unpressurized cabin.  Just a thought.
This video was so gut-wrenching I had to take a break and watch it in 2 sections. The FO of this flight was a true hero by diverting his failing aircraft away from known populated areas before it crashed. To the very end, he flew that crippled bird until it would simply fly no longer. Kudos also for the number of safety measures proposed and enacted for cargo flights following this horrible accident.  Thank you, again Capt Mentour for another very informative video.
Salute to all the piloots out there for saving the people who he hade saved
Dumb question, is it possible to open the cockpit side windows in flight, or are they locked?
Lithium ion Batteries going in Cargo must be drained before loading!
Can we smash any window of cockpit just to get fresh air below 1000 ft I know this will also help fire to succumb whole aircraft quickly... But here aircraft is already going to written off after this type of fire... But if pilot could see runway and flight controls because of fresh air blows all fumes away from cockpit and fire will probably Brock out at tail section so chances of survival of pilots may increase
You know why a fire on an airplane is scary? Because it takes quite a lot of time to get on the ground from any altitude, especially a cruising altitude. Which means you have to wait 20-30 or more minutes to get out of the plane. Well, it takes very little time for a fire to get out of control and inundate the confined space with too much smoke to breath....  The scariest part is, you have to trust your fellow passengers care enough to remove battery operated items from their checked luggage because the TSA can't catch everything that may have a dangerous battery... I accidentally left a dash cam/GPS unit in my bag when I was told there was no more room and it had to be checked at the last minute during boarding. Didn't realize it until I got to my destination and unpacked... horrified me to think about how often things like this happen with laptops and other electronics.  Not to mention the people who don't know what items are a fire hazard and pack them in checked luggage
I have become a patreon. But what now? I have paid and nothing
Why am i crying.. 🥹🥹🥹 i cant help it. It felt like i can feel the pilots pain and suffering.. 😔
The battery rules are really vague and don't restrict much. A battery is two or more cells connected together to increase either voltage or capacity. But recently (The FAA as well) has been including single cells in this category.   The rule is that you can't carry batteries over a set capacity of 100 watt hours. However, you may carry as many as you like. So all you need to do is make a battery with cells below 100 watt hours, and switch off the connection between each cell before boarding. I can pack a max size carryon with batteries and it is perfectly allowed, yet VERY dangerous.
Would it not be better for them to try to put the plane down in the ocean at the point they knew there was a fire (black smoke entering cockpit) vs trying to come in for a landing?
aren't the flight controls of 747-400 fly-by-wire?
I have no idea how I got here but I've been binge watching for a few days!!! These videos are so interesting and you do such a great job breaking everything down! I get confused from my air fryer buttons..... This is so fascinating!!! Thanks for sharing❣️❣️❣️
Bedankt
There was a loss of an aircraft due to an in-flight cargo fire and subsequent crash, that of ValuJet Airlines Flight 592 near Miami, Florida, on May 11, 1996 which was caused by the Airlines Maintenence company Sabretech. They had shipped a consignment of chemical oxygen generators that had expired dates on them, from their maintenace depot on one of their commercial aircraft. The generators had safety pins in to stop them operating, but they were incorrectly secured and the boxes they were in were mislabelled as them being "empty" - they were not. They started operating and because they produce oxygen and get very hot (as it's an exothermic reaction), they started and sustained a very hot fire. The plane crashed, killing all 110 onboard. It's not just passengers that can be responsible for starting an onboard fire.
This man doesn’t need help from his sponsor for story telling! I think he has it down! Lol! Great videos!
"Honour your commitments and be courageous in the face of adversities." - RMRS
This is so sad :( I’ve seen documentaries about this flight, but yours goes into so much detail and makes us more engaged and empathetic to the pilots. Thank you.
Mentour, if they lost control of the plane, would they not know that the fire had damaged the control systems making the flight a lost cause, and wouldn't it then be prudent to attempt to ditch in the ocean?
They would have been better off ditching in the sea. At least this put a spotlight on the lithium battery danger. Sad stuff.
can you not "just" open the window? this put pressure into the cockpit right? or is it not possible to push them out against air they fly throgh?
Out of curiosity, if the batteries had been labeled correctly, what would have changed?  Would they have been not allowed on the aircraft or would they have been stored differently?  Also, why couldn't Dubai ATC contact the First Officer on the frequency he was using?  Is it because he didn't have a line of sight to Dubai or is that prohibited by regulations or laws (even in emergency situations)?  Lastly, why are the oxygen lines so short that the flight crew have to remain in their seats when wearing their oxygen masks?  There is clearly a lot of instrumentation behind them, so I can't understand why the manufacturer would effectively say "if you're using your oxygen mask, then you're not allowed to see or interact with THAT instrumentation".
Thanks for covering all the details, by the way it always been Persian Gulf and always will be , there is no such a thing as Arabian gulf you had that in parentheses
Lithium Ion batteries and packs made in China in such shoddy way that even looking at them sideways can short them and cause a fire. Let alone moving, shaking and subjecting them to vibrations and knocks. Such volatile cargo should be carried only in military airplanes.
There is no sprinkler system installed?
this is dreadful, i remember some of it differently, i thought the pilot managed to land it and it was the wings hitting objects on ground that caused the crash, thanks for covering this, just so sad, they had to lose their lives, and for what
So basically this incident was caused by some SLACKER or some SLACKER company that put the wrong kind of cargo on this airplane, right? I'm gonna bet that the ones responsible for this had NO F'n IDEA what their "little oversight/cheat" could and DID cause! I am BEYOND disgusted!!
Does they load a car or 2 in a passenger plane.....flying internstional flights ?
One name , Helderberg ....South African airways.
Big mistake was to avoid Doha because 100 miles and 180 miles cuts the time to about straight half They looked for comfort zone, whatever may be the safety systems in the aircraft plz teach them to go for the too nearest airport in an emergency situation and this is fire, OMG how could  they choose Dubai
What happened to the shipper that lied about the batteries in his shipment?
Shart and googles lol. gotta love that accent
Part of me wonders if dubai ATC having quick access to a higher end scan-capable radio might have allowed them to move themselves to the plane's frequency instead of the relay; as soon as the relay was established - the controller could have zeroed in on "he's using bahrain frequency, monitor that".
So glad to see you back! God bless you always!
I have seen an electric bus completely burn from a lithium battery fire. The fire is totally uncontrollable Shocking .
Can passenger pack Vapor in a check in luggage ? 🧐
Great video, curious if opening the cockpit windows would've helped the situation. I understand they're going 400+ mph but at least the fast moving air would circulate the air around the cockpit and potentially allow them to see their instruments and allow the captain to get more oxygen. What do you think? Is opening the cockpit windows at those speeds possible? Would it potentially reduce the amount of smoke?
Correction: the name is Persian Gulf as shown in your graphic!
20:31  you must be kidding me right ?  you put a FIRST OFFICER , who doesnt have a basic idea where is the emergency oxygen is   what is going on here ?  that poor pilot died bccause his partner was a dumb pilot ? who doesnt have basic idea   wow
The captain passing out was extremely sad That last pilot was a hero in the end.
This is the worst story I have watched thus far (been watching them in order). I was hoping the co-pilot would make it till the end, even though you had previously said, "We know from the flight data recorder," indicating they probably didn't survive. I hoped he somehow managed to do so. I can't imagine what he was going through in those final moments.
That’s the PERSIAN GULF you meant right ?! Did you study in university Mr. Pilot ?!!!
Dude, break the side window! just break it!! You have no vision, at that point only guidebook is your survival instinct.
A common trend I noticed with these videos (this one being a bad example but I noticed it while watching this one) is the captain, _almost_ always has a lot more total flight time, but almost no time at all on that one plane he is flying; whereas the 1st officer has less time total but more on the specific aircraft than the captain.
This one is as scary as Japan airlines' B747 in the 80s...
Really really love 💓 ur videos I can imagine ur a great 👍🏼 pilot 👨‍✈️🙏🏼🙏🏼
I absolutely cannot believe the lack of manual or emergency suppression systems on an aircraft such as a cargo based 747. While it’s awful that it took two pilots dying in probably one of the most terrifying sequence of events, I’m altogether glad that this has lead to significant improvements in regards to safety against fires in this profession.
Would is be possible to integrate something to jettison the entire contents cargo hold, if so would that have helped?
Why didnt they ditch?
I remember this accident, at that time we sent a lot of goods via UPS.  One day I was creating new shipping documents online and a note on the UPS website said they remembered their colleagues - the two pilots who died in that plane crash.  it gave me chills and made me sad.
Your map shows the area name  as Persian Gulf .  there is no real arabian gulf anywhere in the world, its just a name arabs decided to use for their arab pride, PERSIAN GULF is the actual name, the ancient name and the only name of that waterway. I think you should correct yourself as a credible youtuber.
My homage to those pilots who saved other innocent lives.. 🙏
This crash was awful, condolences to the families..the first officer tried his best to land but just couldn’t see.
All lithium bateries,should be loaded in Halon filled containers.
Why didnt the officer who can breath go get the oxygen
I am baffled at the high number of accidents/incidents involving a malfunction already detected on a previous flight and not corrected, mostly because the fault could not be reproduced, like the crash of Korean 747 in dec 99 near London. In this UPS case, the availability of pack 1 that had an issue on the previous leg, would have made a big difference, possibly allowing to save the pilots and aircraft
we should honor the pilots who fought to the end and prevented a massive loss of life on the ground
When I was a kid I rode Space Mountain. It was terrifying - I remember portions where I couldn't see anything, only the undeniable motion and furious wind against my face.  Try as I might, empathy and imagination can only take me so far.   The horror that became that man's entire mental landscape following the loss of his Captain.....
Question MP, why not just try and repressurize the cabin and crew area. Does the manual they use not have that in it?
What about the wiring and oxygen tanks location which was the first ones to be damaged below the crew rest area and directly above the fire? Was it not changed?...  I was also shocked that the Yolk didn't have any redundancy connection to the control surfaces behind...no fly by wire too. Maybe the aircraft was very old
It seems to me that there ATC should always have an emergency radio that they can set to any frequency. That way Dubai could tune into Bahrain's frequency in order to speak directly to the mayday flight that has comms but no radio control.
I had to pause this when he took off the autopilot near the end. Emotional overload. A couple of tears trickled for the poor bastard, totally helpless and about to die and fully aware of that. RIP, 1st officer. RIP cap'n.
There is a difference between batteries and accumulators tha USA'nians have no linguistic recognition just like gas as a vapour and gas as a liquid fuel gasoline. Also between Amps as a current and Amps as an Amperhours Ah as a capacity. Lithium batteries are not allowed, but you can stil take your camera with Li-ion accumulator.
Can someone explain how it is that depressurisation is standard procedure in case of a fire but does render the smoke shutter useless at the same time? Thanks and have a good day
Okay so I have no idea but genuine question. What if they continued climbing or even expedited the climb while deepressurising the plane? Wouldn't that kill the fire? They were already at 10k feet and they were only crew so the crew supply would be enough for oxygen  Edit: maybe I should watch the video before asking lol
Even just listening to what they went trough, it's absolutely terrifying.
Really this is the most in-depth vid ever
This one was very hard to watch
As a pilot who relayed a msg to the UPS aircraft that evening, I never forget the horor of the situation.  As soon as we landed at Sharjah airport, we've got the sad news...😔
I wach all your awesome videos your explaining is so good
6:26 WHY did the batteries start a fire? What is a "tebraml rnawway" ?? Please do closed captions.
6:26 what words did you say the battery had? tried listening 4 times wo success.
This was painful to listen to these poor pilots; I am glad their deaths were not in vain and have lead to changes in the field.
I'm so empathetic I even feel for the plane.
Well done video that is exceptionally detailed.    But I'm struggling to understand why you monetized this. I understand you have costs and YouTube videos ain't free. But your upbeat ending with buy my merchandise really doesn't sit well.  I think a moment of silence would have been a better ending.  Worth noting EVAS was available before this crash.
Gut wrenching.  Here's something to make your hair stand on end.  Kohls handles returns for Amazon.  When processing these returns, if there are hazardous items, the system will alert us and we're to tape a hazmat label to the box in which this hazardous item is placed.  These boxes are palletized and taken to the local Amazon distribution center.  From there, they are flown to a centralized hub for disposal or additional handling.  One of the haz labels was for lithium batteries.  Sometimes we'd get an alert that the item we were returning was hazardous, but the system did not tell us which label to put on the box.  Also, they used pieces of paper for these haz labels rather than adhesive backed stickers, so they often got ripped off the boxes during handling.  The Kohls location I'm familiar with was doing 300-400 returns a day.  Kohls has 1900 locations.  So that's a lot of boxes containing potentially hazardous material being shipped around with a very loosey goosey process to identify them.  After seeing this video...wow.  The Kohls scene is just ONE of perhaps endless possibilities of hazardous product being put on planes without the airport handling team knowing it.   Did they do anything about the company that put all those batteries on that plane without identifying them as such?  RIP to those brave men...
jesus christ....drowning,  and burning to death. my 2 biggest fears...then to be stuck in an airplane, not being able to do shite, cause you cant see....I'd have lost my shit, yelling into the radio, at that point I'm breaking FAA rules etc.
Besides lithium, this is a clear murder from cargo and aviation company policies. Poor pilots. They had been left alone and desperate against all danger and disaster.
What I noticed from A Lot of these vids is that the Pilots constantly do something against SOP & the first officer doesn't seem to object.  Lowering to 10 thousand Instead of staying at 25. I don't understand why, nothing is said.
I just wondered with all the communication using the relay aircraft: They should have realized that he can't change the radio frequencies, because he can't see anything, but why couldn't the tower in Dubai change the frequency for a more direct communication? To me that seems like a simple solution to the problem and maybe that would have been able to save that pilot (or maybe even both if the other one was still alive at that point).
One of the first things you said what is that “Very few things will stir more fear into the heart of an airline pilot than a ‘uncontrolled in-flight fire’.” I am no pilot and certainly don’t know anything about flying any type of aircraft, but it begs the question, is there any such thing as a “controlled in-flight fire“? Like do you just mean they have an accidental fire under control, or that they start controlled the fires on flights for some reason? The wording is confusing me quite a bit.   On another note, your videos are amazing. The quality, production value, accuracy and the way you explain things is all flawless. Multi million dollar fun due documentaries don’t even put out work like yours. Love this channel.
Wow!  Gut-wrenching.
I'm going to be stupid here, but can't anything be designed so cargo could be dumped over sea in a way that wouldn't critically impact the safety of those on board?
This was the one of the darkest, most heart wrenching event reports. The fact that in his final moments the FO was practically suffocating and not being able to see when or where he was going or if he will hit anything compounds the anxiety to the extremes until the agony suddenly ends.
Why didn't the people who sent those batteries just declare them?
Amazing video, poor guys were doomed. Been binging your videos lately and love your content, amazing that you were a firefighter before a pilot, that has to be an unusual career path.
Its inexcusable that a 747 Cargo Aircraft does not have a fire extinguishment system in the cargo holds. Had there been some, this accident might have not happened. I hope the people who essentially smuggled this hazardous cargo on the plane were criminally prosecuted. Negligent homicide or manslaughter charges would be appropriate. Fighting gravity is hard enough without having a plane belly full of a potential killer.
why can't the oxygen masks drop from the ceiling like it does in the passenger seats?
couldn't the FO take a fire extinguisher and just go and extinguish the fire?
Is there any possible way to remove false glideslope?
Greetings: This may seem fanciful, but how about integrating Siri or Alex into flight and or communication channels for emergency voice controls as needed. Also, to avoid the problem of failure to include the fact li-ion batteries are transported, have rf-id chips embedded in their shipping containers as a standard feature. Also, the fire detection should be included so action can be immediately taken.  I would add an appropriate level of safety monitoring to the aircraft. The pilots should have access from their seats to small portable compresses air (or oxygen) to provide time to reach larger capacity emergency air. What about smart helmets to provide heads-up control, (possibly tied into the voice activated control system). While at it, include respiratory and heart monitoring of the pilots, too. As we worry about downsides of AI, the may be useful here. I'm sure the cost can be contained. Although Siri & Alexa may rely on constant communication with base stationed equipment, for aircraft safety that is a bad idea. Voice control of radio communication should include up to date listings for appropriate communication targets. Since I heard auto-land mentioned, it  should have all requirements met or able to be achieved.  (Yes, we do not want to eliminate the pilot, but I think more help for them can be achieved.)
Greetings:
I am always listening hoping they did something different despite watching these episodes multiple times 😔
Hats down!
It would seem like requiring lithium batteries on freight flights to be packed in a dry powder extinguishing agent suitable for lithium fires, such as a copper-sand blend, would be a reasonable step to reduce risk. This would reduce shipping efficiency on such batteries, but would also ensure that an extinguishing agent is available as soon as a fire starts to spread. Similar methods have been used in ammunition storage with "Wet" storage, where ammunition is stored in a container within a water jacket to reduce ignition chances.
I lived in silicon oasis just below the flight path. my wife was a 1st class Emirates crew.  I remember staring at the blaze of fire 2 or 3km away from my home. my wife took 2 days off just to get her head around it.  I love flying but this was the closest I ever got to a disaster.
You know, in life there's never a case of complete hopelessness... except when in a submarine, or airplane.
The narrator mentions the aircraft flying over *A rabian Gulf*. No body of water with this name has ever existed. To the best of our knowledge and according to most of credible geographical references the body of water with Dubai being a part on it is called Persian Gulf as it was called in the whole history of geography. For a program with this much of accuracy and precision it is advisable to avoid geographical errors like this.
Has any flight successfully used the evas system in heavy smoke?
This one is so sad, really felt for those poor pilots, especially the one left to try and save the plane alone. I didn't actually know the outcome of this one before watching this so I was really rooting for him to land. Poor guy. ☹️  I've also only just discovered your channel and am binge watching every single video. 😂 It's so interesting to hear these told from a real pilot and get more technical info than we would usually get on a TV documentary. The way you narrate these is perfect, and when loss of life is involved, the compassion you have is clear to see.   Been fascinated with flying since I was a kid, I'm absolutely gutted that cockpit visits are no longer possible! 😭 But this channel will definitely allow me to get a regular fix! Strongly considering becoming a Patreon too!
Dammit, I was really pulling for the co-captain guy, he almost had it. What a sad ending for these fellows.
Lithium batteries can be very dangerous, so let's be careful out there!  Audience wishes crew's survivors all the best.  Cheers!
I am still at odds with the point (part 7) that the pilots preferred to return to Dubai while it was twice as far as Bahrein AND necessitated to do a full 180. I understand that the rule in case of a fire on board states that the priority is to land the plane asap. This was not yet the case when a very similar crash occurred with PA160 (Nov.3 1973), a 707 PanAm cargo and it is very sad that over 35y later the UPS6 pilots did have those conclusions popping up.
So sad
Why cant depressurize the cabin and crew using oxygen mask to control the fire 🤔🤔🤔
Why dont they have a way to open a small whole in the front to let smoke out of the plane?
Seems like 3 flights with unlucky fate bears flight number 6.. SQ006, CI006 and 5X6
There should be a way for the pilot to make a water landing & somehow evacuate from the cockpit
Dear Mr. Peter. Your beautiful presentations of these horrific flights have always captrured my intense interest. Throughout all your videos you have made clear the absolute  necessity and importance of certain imperative humane issues concerning safe flying (eg. Good Communication, Constant Co-operation, Sufficient pilot training, Strict adherence to aircraft maintenance and many others. But I have always wondered, since many in-comming renegade crafts often run the danger of overshooting the available runway, why don't airports have an   "emergency landing runway"  which would be a one-direction dedicated landing runway where the last mile or so of the runway would have a gradual upward slope of a few degrees which would ultimately assist the in-coming aircrafts to slow down without  over-running the runway during a no-break landing for example.)
do you think the outcome would’ve be been different if they landed in bahrain
Everytime I watch these videos I hope everyone survives 😩
What I wonder is why didn't they dispatch a fighter to escort the plane, when they realized it was unable to talk to the correct flight control? Someone outside watching the plane and directly communicating with the pilot could have helped a lot and told him directly when he was making a wrong turn. Might not have saved him in the end, but might have given him a much better chance if he would have gotten at least some reliable information about where he was and what his plane was doing.
I just saw this episode while watching Air Crash Investigation and having watched this video my stomach flipped in horror when I recognised what was about to happen. I sometimes have difficulty watching some of the episodes because my natural empathy kicks in and I feel bad for the pilots, crew and passengers. I’m sorry Matthew Bell, I wish they’d been able to save you and your Captain.
This is why importing devices with batteries are so damn expensive. They have to follow stricter guidelines.
Doha airport would've been a good choice .. Felt sorry for the first officer
Persian gulf! Not arabian gulf!!
This story is so tragic...
I hope whoever let those batteries be on board was held responsible.
I know English is not your first language, but you don't use plural verb forms and it is quite distracting. "The pilots does not know this because they are hand flying the aircraft." "Six different movements that has to be done..."
This is why, when you're shipping things, you ABSOLUTELY MUST properly label anything you ship. you might get away with it. You might get fined. Or, you might kill people.
But thank you so much for this story. The way you explained it's so pure and amazing👏🏾
I cried😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 Man what is this, I've god hard pain to hear, amd I've never expect to hear this🥺
I really feel your empathy for these poor pilots in this one. Tragic.
Mentour Pilot : A Captain with Firefighting experience..... U are definitely the final word in safety and perfection for flight.... Brilliant video and respect to those pilots who tried everything they had to save this flight......
Another great video.  Danke schön.
thank god no one got involved other than the crew
Hmm, a more comfortable place to land or actually land. Ill take the more comfortable while my plane is on fire. Some people dont understand the gravity of fire.
Fire alarm is h+12m.  W 400kts and no course reversal they  are in Doha  h+27, w both pilots still functioning at that time.  Why would cpt reject the far closer airport, on fire, because he has his charts already out for Bahrain?
Wow my chest is heavy. I am so glad and grateful that the first officer was able to avert a greater disaster. The pilots were both full of valor.
I wonder if some sort of virtual reality or augmented reality headset system could help because it was so dark night vision or that mentioned initially could have potential to allow the pilots to see ahead
It is ludicrous in this day and age that something like this can happen.   We can control rovers on another planet, we have drones that can fly wherever we want them to go and do whatever we want them to.   Some simple changes to airliners, mandated by the authorities, would have prevented this.   The copilot would simply have thrown some switches and someone on the ground could have taken control.  And while we are at lets eliminate the block boxes.  All telemetry should be sent back to data centers located around the world.  Within minutes of a crash investigators could be in a simulator and flying the exact same flight based on the telemetry data.  There would be no question as to what happened to Flight 370 since the telemetry would show exactly where the plane went.
Sad god bless
As a careful, responsible and professional drone pilot - If I'm to take my drone onboard an aircraft, I always check the batteries in as park of my "Hand luggage".  Here is my safety procedure:  1. Check with my airline that my battery type is allowed onboard the aircraft.  2. Also check the "maximum' number of batteries I can bring onboard  - this is normally set by a total batter capacity rating, or mili-amp hour (mAh).  This max limit, divided over a battery packs maximum capacity, equals total number of batteries permitted. 3 - fit terminal covers - I do this as a matter of course, to prevent potential exposure to dust, durt and moisture. 4 - Put batteries in individual fire safety bags (lipo bags) - this is a very easy and inexpensive way to demonstrate to the airline your flying with, that your know what your doing and have taken steps to limit a potential risk onboard their aircraft.  5 - Never use "lipo bags" that can carry multiple batteries - A truly bad idea indeed! Lipo bags prevent fire from spreading beyond the bag, but these type don't prevent any fire spread within the bag! So a fire in one battery will quickly spread to the other battery, making the situation worse! 6 - Drain the power down prior! - this is the key and most important step. NEVER, travel with a fully charged lipo battery! A lipo fire is a chemical reaction gone wrong.  The best and easiest way to prevent it is to travel with the least amount of power within them.  Provides the maximum amount of space for those atoms to flow and the least amount of fuel for the fire to use if a fire should occur.   You can always charge them afterwards and it's another way of showing their save - by pressing the power button and showing power indicator lights on the batteries.  Fly safe everyone!
Cargo pilots should have parachutes, what's the worst thing that could happen? Lose some cargo and a plane?
Sadly, there is no fire suppression system capable of extinguishing lithium battery fires.  The degree of fire depends on the level of charge the batteries originally had.  Lithium-Ion batteries burn like Thermite and nothing will put them out until they have expended their energy.  They also burn at temperatures much like Thermite (thousands of degrees F), easily melting aluminum and steel.  Some electric vehicle fires have burned for up to a week.  The reason why phones and laptops have such a long battery life, is because of the great amount of energy Lithium-Ion batteries store.  If that energy is released in the form of a fire, then you are in a world of hurt.  I honestly believe there is no liner or suppression system capable of controlling a battery fire.  They are just too hot and have their own oxidizer.  The best way to control a Lithium Ion battery fire is to dump the burning cargo in the ocean, if that were possible.
What about cellphones?  Don’t they have lithium ion batteries?
Why weren’t jets scrambled and they could be cable to guide him in like maverick on top gun.
It's almost like the first officer was fighting not for his own life but for the lives on the ground because he must have known for certain that he is not gonna make it to any other runway after the missed approach. Things that men do for honour. Heartfelt condolences to the pilots' families.
The fact that the misspress of the 1 instead of the 0 happened is just so incredibly sad
as a FF I understand the point of telling them to maintain 25k feet, but why not higher? Less oxygen=less fire. It's part of the tetrahedron. As a former firefighter yourself, you know, remove one, and fire go poof.
That's a grim tale. I hope you will pardon the obvious question but why not descend to a survivable altitude and bail out? There are no passengers or other crew to save and the cargo is just stuff. Then the local air force can test their air to air missiles if necessary. And do you think that the second pilot may have been suffering from oxygen deprivation?
Wow. The FO really fought as hard as he could and did all he could.
Why isn't it possible for the Tower to switch to the Airplanes Frequency instead of taking that long Relay route?
Hahaha did u just say “smoke GOOGLES?” LOLOL 😆🤣😁
Damn. Even though I kinda expected it to end this way, until the second descent, right before the crash, I was still hoping that he'd manage to somehow land the plane and get to safety.
This crash upsets me more than most other accidents.  I can’t help imagining how awful the first officer must have felt.  He must have realised that he couldn’t land that huge plane and he was alone fighting a losing battle with everything going wrong.
That'll be too selfish to thank God for our safety over countless of victims. But we need to appreciate the investigation team, the engineers, the flight crews, the educators and all who keep learning to improve the flight safety. You guys are the true guardian angels of aviation. Thank you and may deceased ones rest in peace.
Are there things like parachutes really in aviation?
Could you depresuris?
My heart sank listen to this story god bless the pilots souls on this fateful flight
The F/O being a hero by trying to save the flight...
I thought pilots have deep knowledge of geography. I'm really enjoying your videos but it seems that you purposely referred to PERSIAN gulf as something else. It's affect my point of view to your contents. Just saying!
This is horrible. Especially since it was caused by negligence on the part of the customer that didn't declare dangerous goods
😥 I already know the ending but I'm still rooting so hard for this First Officer.
Poor guys nothing they did wrong 😔 just given an impossible situation to deal with nightmare fuel Also not sure if anybody has dealt with lithium ion batteries catching fire but it's not like normal fires its like a feckin road flare and there isn't much that can be done once it ignites besides letting it burn itself out I doubt anything could have been done to stop this fire even with 50 extinguishers
"Lithium batteries" please be more specific, as not all Lithium batteries are a fire risk. This creates the statement, that all Lithium batteries are dangerous! For example, LiFePo4 batteries wouldn't runaway like the Li-Ion or LiPo
As a total layman, I find it astounding that there are no fire suppression systems on cargo planes.
Omg so sad! The pilot try the best to get to the airport, he almost made it! 😔
those last moments of the first officer had my heart in my throat. absolutely terrifying but he tried everything he could until the very end. what a g. respect, rip king ✊
No fire suppression in cargo area of cargo aircraft and no crew for cargo area management oversight? Firing squad for aircraft owners.  That will actually change things.  These incremental steps w a head box in the cockpit, better containers etc are all BS.  The fire will win every time.
Iam not a professional of how is a cargo plane works, but how the heck they did not installed a fire extinguisher on that plane? Its a cargo plane come on, fire can happen. Anywhere anytime.. Even if its electric fire or different I dont understand why there was no fire extinguisher on that airplane. One more thing what I want to ask you, because you are pilot. Why the 2 pilot not broke the windows? At least somewhere in the sides? Or there is any chance to destroy it? It should take out a lot of smoke build up I think, but maybe Iam just too stupid and dont understand how is it works.  Nice video btw I mean it so nice how you can tell the strory. RIP for the 2 pilots... It was so sad to see how it was ended up...
Probably a dumb question but didn't they have cockpit windows they could open?
If you want to know how why what happened on accidents etc this is the channel for you
Was there a reason he wasn't able to land in all that water just offshore from dubai? Landing in the water wouldn't have required any real navigation and the autopilot could've probably done it reasonably safely without much input afaik but I am not an expert I just like these stories. The water would've also extinguished the fire as it poured into the cargo area through that smoke vent he opened, but that might not be desirable because it could sink the plane down to the bottom of the ocean because it would displace all the buoyancy the cargo area would normally provide if it stayed sealed
Hope the shipper was criminally prosecuted for not noting the lithium batteries.
The oxygen mask shouldd be a helmet with a hud
There are worse places to have a fire than an aircraft, but not many. This is especially tragic since I can't help but think that if the crew had only noticed that the cabin pressure had dropped then the entire thing could have gone so differently.
Wonder if they've been better off trying to land in Doha airport? Anyways very tragic rest in peace...
Oh man these poor guys… awful.
23:15 airports should feed radar data to adjacent airports.  That's trivial today, and was in 2010.
I can't imagine how horrible it must have been...
Dangerous goods should definitely be loaded further back in the aircraft and a better suppression system or firefighting system should be installed in my opinion.
My stepdad flew these
Lithium fires are nightmare fuel on the ground. We are talking 7 levels of hell nightmare fuel in the air with an all aluminum super structure.
I love flying in the mentor pilot plane
Another video that eases my mind as my daughter works towards her dream of cabin crew.  Peter commented on a post where I first mentioned this and my daughter was so grateful.   I used to live flying but I saw a terrible accident a few years ago and I now know so much about the safety and function of aviation I am looking forward to being able to perhaps and support my daughters dream.  Thank you once again Peter and also your family for supporting him as these videos help so many.
What I'm getting from these videos is that things only go wrong properly when you have multiple faliures within the same system. Or human error. That poor first officer
Why didn't they do a water landing when the fire was spreading too quickly to reach the airport?
Around 11:34 when he disconnects the autopilot to see how the plane is feeling, is that so he can feel the plane for himself to see if the autopilot is fighting some type of extreme force to keep the plane flying ( such as some sort of damage to control surfaces )?
damn i had hope that he is gonna make it until the end ;_;
They should had landed in Doha instead of flying back to Dubai.
I am curious if planes are still required to have HF radio onboard nowadays? Yes, as a ham radio operator I know it is quite bad and is full of nasty whistling noises and static, especially when using single sideband modulation, but range provided by the HF is unrivalled.
The pilot unknowingly doomed the aircraft with a lack of urgency to put the bird down and going 180 miles instead of 100 miles. I wish Mentor Pilot went further into the reasoning behind why this decision was made. Why didn’t the first officer say anything? There’s a fire onboard, get on the ground ASAP… so tragic
Some years ago, a major wildfire completely surrounded my city. It didn't just burn all the way around, there were literally flames on every single side but the water for several days. You couldn't see ten feet (~3 meters) most of the time. Sometimes you couldn't clearly see more than five. And that was outside, with the entire sky and ocean for the ash to distribute into.
At the very least any batteries or other even potentially spontaneously flammable items should be stored in sealed containers that can prevent the fire from spreading. Cargo holds should also be built such that they can be purged with an inert gas and the fire starved of oxygen.
Mentour, your videos are becoming better and better they became TV grade now  I've never heard of this catastrophic accident although I am from Bahrain and I am a first officer (I started flying 5 years after this accident)  the last thing I wish for anybody is to be in the place of this first officer  thank you for a very well made video
God, I HATE lithium-ion batteries. I understand that in terms of power density and economic reasons, they're unparalleled. The problem is that Lithium-ion batteries catch fire, or explode, when they come into contact with oxygen. Remember early problems with the 787? Yes, those were the result of these damn batteries! I have replaced so many swollen lithium-ion batteries lately that are on the verge of rupture. These soft packaged Lithium-ion batteries are too power dense and unstable nowadays. I hope we can find a replacement for it... the process of creating these batteries alone are extremely devastating on the environment. Lithium and Nickel mining is a nasty business!
I always wonder why planes don't have ejector seats, could've been easier.
It's Called  " PERSIAN GOLF "
When people say it is a good idea to power airplanes with batteries I can only think of these kinds of dangers.
Im a sorter at ups this was the 1rst thing i heard about  do you duties before loading a aircontainer because of this flight.
These poor pilots, especially the FO since he lived a bit longer, were so close to something that may have helped, so many times! Not by their own fault, either! If they had turned PAC1 back on. It's understandable to miss that it had even tripped off when you're focused on an emergency, and even if you happened to remember that it's been tripping off lately, and understand the system as well as an air accident investigation, to realize that checking if it's on to give some differential pressure is a good idea... then they would likely already been blinded by smoke, too. Or if they had been able to communicate with ATC a bit better so he could know he needed to prep to capture the glideslope, or if he had just so happened to catch the glideslope and autoland. They went through absolute hell, and then the first officer continued that all alone, and on a plane he was new to! The fact that he nearly made it and that any one of the above happening *may* have saved them, is a testament to their skill as pilots, imo. It would be a different story if they had both landed safely, and an especially incredible one if the FO had happened to catch the glideslope while flying blind, and then auto landed while blind.
I’ve noticed that flight attendants on planes with seats that move (like lie-flat seats) now tell passengers to notify them immediately if they drop their phones. DO NOT move your seat, as it could damage the battery and cause a fire. I knew about this particular crash, so I understand the seriousness of the issue. I wonder if we need to do more to explain to passengers how dangerous lithium batteries can be when damaged in any way.
When I glaned the thumbnail for this video I thought it was about South African Airways Flight 295
As an alternative or supplement to EVAS, when smoke is detected within the cockpit and vision impairment is likely, would it be useful to have audible instruement readouts when conditions such as speed altitude pitch etc change? Also have spoken audio feedback when operating controls? Potentially also engage auto radio channel swtching based on the planes heading and distance from the nearest airport?  Things that could help overcome the loss of vision.
There’s no way to get below 10,000 (below pressurisation) and then just smash a window in the cockpit to get the smoke out?
There are accidents I cannot even think about without getting angry.
Listening to this I was struck by one detail that I think I know the explanation for. You said you were unsure why he would have descended to 10,000 feet, rather than stay at 25,000 for as long as possible. It was likely a reaction to the fact they had also lost the cockpit pressurisation, and the fact that a standard response to that situation is to drop to 10,000 feet.
He was about 70 miles out of Bahrain when things went really foul so he'd traveled around 110 miles, if he'd gone to the other airport he was just 100 miles away from they would have probably been on the ground when that happened.  I would think if you have an emergency the nearest airport should become your target even not knowing the airport or the conditions there.
don't know why but even a month later I still keep watching this video, I think it's the sheer horror of what this man had to go through that scares me.
Looks like the smoke handle was the key design failure that allowed this crash since it failed to anticipate a depressurized cabin, which is a pretty sloppy oversight.
I was not even aware that you weren't allowed to have lithium batteries in your luggage
I must admit, I'm surprised that in an emergency like this, ATC doesn't have the capability (authority?) to have one controller tune one radio to what the airplane is stuck on (in this case, the Bahrain ATC frequency).  I know why this would not normally be the case - in the airspace between the two, there would be planes that are probably able to get some signal from both, which could create interference, but I would expect this to be a manageable annoyance.   Sure you don't want that, but it's a lot better to have that than having a 6 stage round trip communication method with the pilot whose captain is passed out/dead on the floor and who's trapped in a cabin that's so full of smoke he can't see most of the controls and instruments.  Or I'm underestimating the amount of interference that would cause and doing this would create an enormous risk to every plane in the Bahrain ATC's field of operations.  My knowledge of how to use radios is largely limited to knowing about how far you can go from the "leaky feeder" radio lines in an underground mine before you get cut off.
Regarding the flight control cables: you wouldn't necessarily even need to disrupt the system that holds the cables in order to change the tension, unless there's a system involved that continuously monitors and adjusts tension to its proper balance point when the yoke is not in use.  This is because of thermal expansion.  The exact effects depend on a variety of factors: the length of the heated object, the change in temperature of that object, and the material it's made of.  (Cable would probably also have a different coefficient of expansion than a solid bar of the same material.)  For solid steel (about 10^-5 coefficient of thermal expansion depending on the alloy), 5 meters of heated area and 500 degrees increase in temperature, the effect would only be about 2.5cm, but given steel isn't particularly stretchy, that can have a massive effect on the tension force being applied.  Indeed, if you run the numbers using a Young's Modulus of 200 GPa (about midrange for steel alloys), you get about 5 GPa of pressure relief due to that expansion.  All of these numbers have been kinda rough assumptions, but they're based in a degree of logic (lithium ion fires are hot, that crew quarters section that matched the width of the lithium ion battery section is probably around 5 meters long, most cables are made of *some* kind of steel), but now I'm going to have to make a very rough guess at the cross sectional area of the cables - I'm going to assume they're about an inch in diameter, which gives a cross sectional area of about 4 square centimetres, which is 0.0004 square meters - multiplying that by the pressure relief of 5 GPa from earlier and you get about 2 million Newtons of tensile force that's just gone.  That's...about enough force to lift 200 metric tonnes.  That's...probably way more than the amount of tension these cables were under in the first place.  Note that all of these calculations are very imprecise - I'm assuming the cables are steel, of an alloy that is about midrange for steels in both thermal expansion and elastic modulus, I'm assuming the length of cable subjected to heating and the average heating of that length of cable.  I'm assuming nothing relevant to this system just *melted*.  And I'm assuming the thickness of the cable purely based on the idea that it probably takes a fair bit of force to move flight control surfaces against the wind at the speed these planes move, and thus the cable needs to be fairly strong.  But the physics principles aren't made up, they're a real issue.  (If you ever look at a modern bridge, you'll notice joints near where the span connects to the surface roads where there's room for the entire bridge span to expand and contract with the temperature fluctuations of the year, this is exactly so bridges don't break themselves on a hot day...that's the most obvious example of thermal expansion being accounted for in engineering)  And I'm reasonably confident that this back of envelope pile of assumptions and calculations is close enough to accurate that I'm on the right track.  (This also doesn't account for the fact that when materials heat up, they become easier to deform.  (See blacksmithing for an extreme example.)  I wouldn't be at all surprised that heating the cable would have also increased the amount it will stretch with the same amount of force, providing further relief of tension.  However, I don't know the physics of how to calculate that aspect, and I'm confident the thermal expansion alone was sufficient to relieve the tension on the cable entirely based on the above caclulations.)
What a STUPID decision to try and reach Dubai instead of that other airport! WHY?
Seems to me that with a Fire you really need to get down as quickly as possible, fu**ing about will kill you. There was a Swissair flight that made the same mistake, they also fu**ed about, same result.
Aren't lithium battery fires impossible to put out by normal, easy stuff like water or sand? I thought I saw a video that said that a couple of days ago. I thought they said that SOP for lithium battery fires in cars is just to wait until it burns itself out. If that's the case, they shouldn't be allowed on planes at all. Also, isn't lithium fire smoke toxic?
I actually saw this on a show once and remember how bad the crash was from the show. It’s crazy how they choked to death before the crash.
Such a sad series of events. Those poor pilots. 😞
I wont even pretend to understand what that pilot went through! Being able to keep going as long as he did, alone and in such horrific stress! R.I.P to them both
A terrible & tragic accident indeed.  There were a few things that could have been rectified earlier that may have given them more time & or with a miracle as well saved them.  But I really do think that the Pilots should have the right to know what cargo they will be carrying before they take off & where it exactly is onboard in cargo especially fire hazardous materials. Plus also think the company whose lithium batteries should be looked into & fined. The Pilots did their utmost best at the time. My condolences go out to all onboard & their families.  I must add & this is true, I had just lit up a scented candle with matches, put this film on hold at the time the fire had broken out in cargo. When placing the candle down, I could smell smoke, thought nah & it got stronger, looked where I had been sitting & the tissue box that was next to me earlier had slightly caught fire with smoke coming from it..The solpha must have splinted off when I struck the match, next to the tissues is always a glass of water, so out it went. How coincidental is that !
If I was pilot, I would go to behrain airport,.   I wish all pilots watch your videos for safety of everyone fly with them...
Great video as usual. Have you looked in to the SAA flight 295 disaster?
Unsubscribed and stopped watching you because; Where is arebian gulf? In wich map did you read that
It's not goooogles, its gaaaagles.
They should have fixed the aircon. They don't like to fix things unless really necessary.
As usual Petter, I thoroughly enjoyed every single minute of this video.... even though it's a really terrifying story. All your videos are accurate, engaging and thoroughly interesting, keep up the fantastic work mate!!!
I work in airfreight and it is literally shit scary how often shipper try to send dangerous goods without declaring them as such, simply because they don’t understand the rules of dangerous goods in aviation, or they just don’t give a f***.
Shit Bono that was scary to listen to
This may be a dumb question but could the first officer have cracked opened the cockpit side window when down at low altitude to help the airflow and maybe flush some of the smoke. I realise this would increase the flow of air to the fire but might have increased the flow out of the smoke tube even for a short time to flush out some of the smoke?
:(
Regarding we got a cargo crew here and no passenger in the plane, my idea of dealing with situations like this would be to let the pilots leave the flying airplane with parachutes and giving the plane some emergency auto landing which tries to get the plane down somewhere.
One thing I don't understand about the restrictions relating to lithium batteries on passenger carry on baggage  The limits in most countries state a capacity limit of 100wh per battery, I can bring multiple spares (usually 2) plus the batteries installed in whatever device is using it as a power source  But despite multiple batteries having the energy of a small bomb, I can't bring one larger battery (such as an aftermarket high capacity laptop battery, which can exceed 150wh each)   What's the reason I can bring 2 100wh spare batteries, but I can't bring a single 200wh battery for the same device, despite either option having exactly the same amount of energy available
I knew how this story ended but that didn't stop me from praying and hoping these pilots made it - Good God the fear and the bravery.
I'd just take a parachute and sign out
hey mentor can u do one about the newest crash the china air one when u can i would love to know what happened and it was a 737 btw
They bought their tickets, they knew what they were getting in to. I say let em crash
serems scary easy to purposely sabotage a cargo plane with batteries...
I'm not trying to pretend I know better than the pros, there's probably a great reason, but why didn't Dubai Airport tune into Bahrain's frequency instead of playing a literal game of telephone?
I just retired, 27 years of Naval Aviation, as a maintainer first and then as a Aviation Maintenance Manager, learn a lot of things about Aviation and Planes , but This videos are on another level, what a great way to learn. I do have a stupid question, was the option of putting this Aircraft on the water one that they could have done ?
I've watched a lot of your videos but this one seems like your rushing it, talking fast. Shame an don't understand why it different from the rest I have seen
Hi, does this mean, to play safe, if I'm having ANY FORM of batteries carried with me, (be it drone batteries or lithion battery for my voice amplifier) it's always best to carry in my handheld luggage and never check in, am I right on that?
What do you think about the idea of an emergency extractor fan to deal with smoke in the cabin? I can imagine a scenario similar to a loss of cabin pressure, where, when smoke is detected in the cabin, the pilot would descend to 10000 ft for the sake of breathable air, then an extractor fan (or pair of extractor fans) is engaged to pull smoke out of the cabin and bring fresh air in.
I work for FedEx (in a non flight capacity) the lack of customer understanding for IATA regulations can some time be staggering but the important difference of lithium batteries and if they are rechargeable on non rechargeable and this basic question is often missed.
curvature of the earth ??????
Absolutely brilliant to get an in depth pilots view on accidents like this bravo 👏
Petter, have you ever done an episode on the Valujet 592 fire disaster? would love to hear your take even though it is pretty straightforward what happened.
How well I remember.  One of the regular customers at the bike shop where I worked at the time was the wife of the Captain.   My own wife worked for UPS Airline at the time, in IT. I was privileged to attend when the remains of the crew came to the UPS hanger at SDF. I had been a ramp rat at the UPS sort facility for a bit over nine years some years prior, and encountered several folks I had worked with that day, in the course of sharing the grief.
I wonder whether you'll be doing a report about the Helderberg ((South African Airways Flight 295)) and all it's question marks?
These are always difficult to watch (I wonder why I do sometimes) but this one is particularly nightmarish. I cannot begin to imagine what was going through the head of the F/O after the captain lost consciousness. Being alone in this situation makes it even worse.
Amazing story and action by the pilots
I spent 34 years flying Boeing 707's and Boeing 747's. At one time my company had freighter versions of both models which we flew as well as the passenger versions. Unlike UPS it seems, we always carried an extra person who was designated as a fire fighter. This person usually came from a pool of invalid cabin crew who also looked after the catering arrangements. I wonder whether UPS 6 would have survived if there was someone on board who could have gone into the cargo bay and attempted to control the fire? Granted Lithium batteries might have been difficult to extinguish, but an early attempt might have helped. You have not mentioned other than two pilots on this flight. If this is all there were, I find it unbelievable that a two man crew could be operating HKG-DXB and then DXB-CGN in one duty period. This  would never have happened in my company. What flight time limitation scheme were UPS operating under? A very tragic accident. I feel gutted at what the crew went through. They did what they could. R.I.P.
Do they not have a fire suppression system in the cargo hold? Like a gas suppression system that starves fires of oxygen?
No horror movie could ever capture the shear terror of being that first officer (or that captain).
This might be a dumb question, but, with the cabin depressurised, would either of them have been able to open the little side window/s in the cockpit?..
Like military aircraft are able to jettison munitions, fuel tanks.  Do you think we could engineer a way to have dangerous cargo in an area of the jet that is able to be jettisoned in flight without risking the plane, crew, passengers and cargo?
Back in 2010 Doha International Airport was still the old airport and was located very close to the city of Doha and the town of Wakra
Wasn’t Mentour Pilot scared of his IPods falling into the snow?
The yolk has cables run this far back into the craft? I cant even imagine the engineering needed to not have any slack in the cables, if they run these lengths.   If I would design this I would use solid linkages, would also be more or less resistant to heating if its titanium.
Horrible
Amazing Graphics , sad  Event
Hi....I understood that it is possible to open a small window in the cockpit.  Was this an option that if taken would have allowed for some evacuation of the smoke?
Just found your channel and I must say this is super interesting.  As for the flight instruments, is there a way to look into ski, snowboarding and motorcycle technology with heads up displays in the goggles? Or things like OLED internal heads up displays similar to VR stype systems that can project at least basic information in real time?
Don't they have windows in the cockpit? cant you open them during the flight?
That’s a strange surprise, the thin cell phones turn too high a temperature if placed between pillows or packed in luggage or carry-ons.
What a nightmare.
I've been (morbidly?) fascinated with aviation disasters - and those avoided - for a long time.  But I never expected how much *safer* they make me feel, seeing time and time again how many factors have to play together to turn an incident into tragedy: Incorrectly declared cargo, its arbitrary position in the hold, a faulty pack, an aircraft type with no fire extinguishing system (not sure how common those are though), and the choice to not head for the closest airport once the alarm comes on. And perhaps the inexperience of the first officer on type. But wow, did he hold on. I'm impressed how much he got done under the circumstances.
Voice recognition on this phone is terrible just roll down the window
Just rolled out a window
Would things have been any different if the crates the batteries were in were marked as dangerous?
I remember flying in the 70s and 80s and often on buying the ticket etc the first question would be 'Smoking or Non Smoking'.... Sounds crazy in 2022 right?
At 18:30 is a mishap. 744 does not have "nav data receivers". ILS tuning is done using the CDU.
Your husband ma’m, fought to the very end.  He did the best he could.  He died with honour.
If I recall correctly, this was before the wide-spread labeling of lithium ion batteries as dangerous cargo. In fact, wasn't this what caused the FAA to restrict shipping such batteries on passenger flights?
I'm curious as to what happened to the shippers that didn't properly declare the batteries.
Pilots who fly just cargo, should have a way to eject or leave the plane.....over water at least or desert. It happens so rarely now it's not like we will have planes all through the ocean.
It’s still amazes me these giant planes are controlled by pulleys attached to pilot controls 😂
What happened to the flight 1862 of El Al that ended in tragedy in Amsterdam?  Do you have a video about this accident?
I get sucked in by your videos and have been sitting here for two hours watching. I never knew the intimate details of aviation, airplane systems, and safety procedures could be so fascinating.
Driving blind.   Doesn't sound like fun.
Airlines should include the Vape Smoking devices. They have a tendency to just explode without reason. Just like lithium batteries.
"Following the sunset" wow ! A little back of the hand calculation suggests Equatorially you'd need about Mach 1.3 to keep up? About 905 Knots??  (less at other latitudes / more at other headings) Anybody want to check that ? ( Paused: Might distract from the bad news I think is coming at the end..)   .......  10:25 Ohh no - I totally understand the psychology - 'home field advantage' but Noooo !! 12:07 Also it'd be nice if the type had a more ACTIVE means of starving a fire of oxygen ?? 15:03 Oh a lithium batt fire provides its OWN oxygen? DARN, now I understand the reason for the stiff prohibitions! 34:20 Bearing in mind the second guy had few hrs on the 747 & the near zero cockpit vis, I sure can understand some losses of 'situational awareness' 35:20 Not sure EVAS is solving the right problem???  Even going to the 'wrong' field, they held it together for SOME kind of approach - and prevented a MASSIVE loss of life - So sad!
Hey it’s the Persian Gulf not the “Arabian Gulf”. There is no such thing I geography or history as the “Arabian Gulf”
This is the stuff the worst nightmares are made of..
I’ve seen pilots open cockpit windows on the ground, if they were low enough would this not have been an option to clear the smoke. Serious question.
What a nightmare! Still, another great presentation from Mentour pilot. Thanks!
Is there no way to open the cockpit windows in flight, at low altitude?
what is autoland
Similar to what happened to South African Airways Flight 295 in 1987 (747 Combi flight from Taiwan to SA) Cause of rapid, extreme high temp fire still unknown,  disabled virtually all instrumentation flying over Indian ocean at night?
It is very difficult to understand your speech.
Gosh the frustration the Co-pilot must have felt when he realized that he's all alone...
I used to work in a call centre for a courier company. The restricted and dangerous commodities was one of the first training subjects. People call to get a quote, order a driver etc. We always had to ask for contents and check against the list and provide guidelines. Later when I had to do training for new people, I would always bring up this story, albeit years after it actually happened.  So that it was literally burned in their mind, why we ask, what might be the consequences.  On a side note, it would always amaze me how some shippers would nail an extra thick crate shut, and then be surprised why we are not putting it on a plane immediately. If scanners can't see inside - people have to.
What hits me hard about this tragedy is, that the more time passed, the less of a chance the crew had to end this without crashing. They were giving the best they could for what they knew about the situation, only for the situation to turn worse. And when the captain gets overwhelmed by the smoke it is just heart breaking. I have deep respect for the first officer for the way he managed this walk in hell. It is so sad, that those two souls didn't make it. RIP
YERLERİN VE GÖKLERİN VE HERŞEYİN SAHİBİ YÜCE ALLAH CC ALLAHTAN BAŞKA İLAH YOKTUR ALLAH KATINDA HAK DİN İSLAMDIR MUHAMMED ALAHIN PEYGAMBERİDİR GÜZEL İNSAN HUZUR İSLAMDA MÜSLÜMAN OL VE CENNETE GİR
You did a fantastic job, Doug and Matt! An absolutely amazing job, I'm stunned how much you were able to do given the circumstances. I'm so sorry you didn't make it, but you did so, so well ♥️
This is one of the most heartbreaking air disaster transcripts to ever read.
If the captain had decided for flying to their destination, according to how much they had flown after they started turning back, it seems they would have made it before the captain had lost his oxygen, or at least it would have been not much after that and the plane would have already been in preparation to and near landing.  Bad captain decision, but I understand that under such stress we all can fail, especially when we don't have any reference (learned from a similar situation that happened before).  I am no expert in aviation besides just flying FSX, so just ignore if I'm being ignorant.  By the way, great video.  I could barely make it to the end because of how dramatic it felt, I was getting anxious.  It means it was good.
First officer did a great job under the most awful circumstances. Unfortunately the situation was just too much to overcome. RIP to the pilots. Another thing is why wasn’t there a sprinkler system?? Surely that, combined with the fire lining and the other fire containment and suppression systems would have made all the difference?? Although not transporting those batteries in the first place would have made the most difference.
As a UPS employee and an aviation enthusiast, my heart goes out to those pilots and their families. I was horrified when a car driver ran a stop sign causing me to almost hit him. I was horrified by that. I can imagine the horror of seeing 👀 death.... flying an airplane ✈️
Ok something I'm very very confused about here.  He said that the cockpit is so filled with smoke you can't see your hand in front of your face BUT for a very long time you keep listing all these things that the copilot continues to do.  Like 27:54 "He resets the mcp altitude to 4000 feet" .  How can he keep doing things like that if he can't see at all?
Gut wrenching scenario. The FO did so well to get as far as he did. Did he get any sort of official recognition of his skills and perseverance to keep going under horrific circumstances?
Imagine when people start flying with antimatter
I'm a retired US Army Rotary Wing Aviator who now flies fixed wing medivac. This is simply the worst case. Til Valhalla sir...
I am annoyed by two things.  Being told to alert flight staff to my phone igniting in my pocket.  Anyone who would hide this from the crew on an aircraft isn't going to do what you say in a video.  Why don't you tell us all what a lithium ion battery smells like when it fails?  That way, the rest of us can monitor those who hide their problems?  I know what to do when I smell rotten eggs because a mentor told me.  And...  Hearing the names of those two pilots and not the shipping clerk at the battery company and the recipient in Europe.  Customers can be held accountable, too.  This isn't always about a pilot, airport, management, or FAA.  This tragedy didn't need 37 minutes to be dragged over.
wish they'd landed in Doha instead of Dubai
Sully was NOT involved in any WEATHER situation. It was a BIRD STRIKE...
At what speed / height can you open a cockpit window?
I work in commercial airfreight, and every year, I ask Santa to bring me an IATA book that bans the movement of lithium batteries by air even though I know that will never happen because they are in EVERYTHING (including the 787s).  And I just realized I have pictures of the wreckage of this aircraft on my phone from a PowerPoint I was putting together as supplemental training for some coworkers who can't seem to word their restricted goods statements correctly.
It is the Persian Gulf!
How about non flammable freight?
I can believe this is bad.
This is like what's happening in America.
Hi, I have a small, perhaps strange question for you: beside you there are arrows with names of places on them. The second from the top: "Banyoles". Banyoles is a small place and does not have an airport, I spent my summer holidays there since I was 5. Is there any connection or is it just coincidence? Love your video's btw :-)
Man I was pulling for the first officer so bad!  What a sad and horrible outcome.
In that situation. Smash the side cockpit window. Clear the smoke.
If side window was broken by pilot, would this helped having smoke escaped a bit and see instruments?
If they didn't turn back, were they guaranteed to land safely or were they doomed from the start?
I work for the postal administration and we can’t even send anything with batteries internationally. Businesses can because they have a licence but consumers cannot unless they transport them by ground. If customers decide to send them despite being told not to send by air anything with batteries is returned to sender from customs if it even gets there.
++
This one was really terrifying.
A sad story indeed, that co-pilot though, he was fierce until the end.
How FAA rules allow to load such a high amount of dangerous batteries in a compartment with no fire suppression system is beyond any logical reason, this has been a crime rather than an incident
I've watched this video couple of times, yet I still shake and get emotional trying to imagine what the pilots have gone through
How horrifying. A simple HUD to the inside of the goggle's faceplate would vastly help. My car has HUD projected to the windscreen. Surely that can be modified for the inside of the mask.
How can someone tell what kind of batteries they have when they don't have access to them?  My Samsung S21Ultra 5G phone was what powering it? I have no idea!!! Nor do I know what is in my nikon cameras. Ni-cad or lithium? Nor my other devices.  ------- Going to phone settings all I can find is % change and that it is a 5000mAh battery, and that it is not charging.  No mention of warnings, cautions or anything else, certainly not of battery type!!!!!!
My own equivalent training to your’s as a firefighter is for safely shutting down an ammonia refrigeration plant during a catastrophic leak. Even in full SCBA Level A suits our instructions as hazmat technicians are not to enter a visible cloud. I am curious about disasters and read and watch a lot about them, but this video was hard to deal with it, it took me several tries to finish watching because I empathized too much with the position of the pilots and could imagine it too easily. A terrible incident and I hope we really have learned enough from it.
17:25   "Cables" are most likely STEEL or another metal ... and any metal will have lower tensile strength at "a few hundred degrees". This is why THE JET FUEL ON 9/11 DID NOT HAVE TO "MELT" THE STEEL BEAMS OF THE TWIN TOWERS ... they just reduced the mechanical strength of the material to the point where it could no longer bear the load. "Less tension" = the cables probably lengthened due to that lowered resistance, which ultimately reduces the tension of the cables.
13:20   Concerning "using pressure differences": When you are cleaning an old (and LARGE) building of Asbestos ... you "lightly tape the windows shut" using plastic foil (it does NOT have to be tight!) and then install a big vaccum pump somewhere which sucks out the air and creates a SLIGHTLY lower pressure inside the building. This will allow workers to keep working and prevent any of the dangerous asbestos fibres from escaping out the windows ... since the air will come only in one direction - outside to inside - due to the pressure difference.   The big vacuum pump sends the air pumped out through a big filter to catch the asbestos particles.
There should be a sprinkler system in the cargo haul so if there is a fire they will activate and either put it out or keep it under control long enough so that the airline can be landed safely.
How you could you call yourself a pilot when you don't know where is Persian gulf is? 5:02 "Southern Arabian Gulf"??? Are you kidding me? How much did you get paid to say that?
I wonder if he requested ten thousand because he perceived a problem with the oxygen masks. We'll never know, I suppose.
Hey @Mentour Pilot -  Out of interest, would it of been possible to open a cockpit window when the cabin was depressurised to attempt to vent out some of the smoke?   Congrats on 1m subs btw.
Given reports of electric vehicles continuing to burn for more than a day after an accident, maybe the safest system would be a parachute pack on the cargo containers and the ability to jettison affected cargo.
👍👍👍👍👍
Oh god I was a professional racer and drifter only to end up paralyzed from a freak accident going less than 20mph in an automatic transmission dodge charger instead of my Lotus or my RX-8. In those precious 3-5 seconds I had When I saw that bitch slam on her brakes in front of me ON PURPOSE, she had way more than a quarter mile to stop properly and avoid the 12 car pile up ahead of her. Yes I know she did it on purpose because safe tried to sue me later and lied saying I was driving recklessly and speeding enough to make her hit the car in front of her which like I mentioned she completely avoided she was fine too get entire career didn't go down the drain like mine did. Anyway I regained control of the steering, looked for the emergency brake which wasn't in my usual position this car was my husbands new week old charger. The brakes failed as did the airbag, I looked to see if I could switch lanes but there was way too much traffic, and no shoulder so I decided the best thing I could do was hit the bar in front of me head on reducing as much damage and speed as possible by getting over to my right from the fast lane and clipping her right on her mustangs passenger side bumper. It happens unbelievably fast plus I've also been in a burning house trapped in my bedroom with my twins when they were babies my ex husband tried to kill us by setting the house on fire after falling to strangle me. I prepared to throw the babies out the window and have my brother catch them and ultimately accepted my fate but my 11 year old brother ran back into the house and got us all out. The fire was in June 2011 my accident in November 2015. I can't even imagine going through both of those incidents them being 2 of the worst things to ever happen in my life besides losing a baby/miscarriage and learning both my parent's are terminally ill last year. Sometimes I wish I had died in that crash instead of end up how I did but I know the damage it would have caused my children especially my daughter who is incredibly close to me, she's a teenager and calls me her best friend at school. I'm sure she would take taking care of me with her brother over losing me any day but it's just not their job to take care of me. I got a service dog though you wouldn't believe the bond that can be formed between those dogs and their handler, she literally lives to take care of me and pullled my wheelchair in the beginning before I had an electric one, has shielded my body from a dog fight my huskies had and got really tore up herself in the process she's amazing she's a beautiful wheat colored blue eyed gsd.
Interesting. The function of fire suppression on aircraft. I applaud their efforts. Sometimes, you can't win!
I'm surprised that the cargo area smoke detection did not give an early warning, which could well have led to a much better outcome.   Since the 1980's computer rooms have utilised aspirating smoke detectors (VESDA) that are so sensitive they will often detect a single cigarette in a very large room.
Real question. Why when the fire is noticed do they not immediately land the plane in water? Their lives are worth more than a plane.
Did the person responsible for not declaring the hazardous batteries face disciplinary action?
Screw that. The first time I smell smoke I'm taking it to 500 over the ocean and then if it gets bad I'm ditching in the ocean ASAP.
Was the person who didn't properly declare the cargo held accountable?
What a terrible accident, poor guys. If they had tried for Bahrain, would they have made it?
Remember this incident quite well I was a loader at ups world port in Louisville KY at the time . I remember wondering if it was a flight I loaded then we heard through the news it was not a domestic flight which is what we loaded.
Question, could this have been solved had there been the ability to slide open a window in the cockpit? I feel like another safety feature should be a manual hole that you can also open that goes straight outside. It's such a shame that the system they had didn't work, poor guys. Really well done to them though for doing what they could.
They should have a positive pressure fresh air tube straight into the cockpit that can be opened with a manual valve. Like a ram air tube. I know they have to weigh the cost benefits but this seems like an easier one
Dear Petter - I always wondered if you ever considered covering twisted disasters like The Ustica tragedy. It would make a very intruiging story given the mysteries sourronding that disturbing event (Lybian jets, NATO jets, French missles, Italian colonels, mystery politicians, even Gheddafi...). Even just describing what we know and what hypoteses circulated with no political or cospiracy angles.
I don't understand why still cables and pulleys are used. Cables running along the whole lenght of the aircraft expose a very large area to various forces that may result from various events including fires. What about wireless + hydraulics(wireless may be unreliable but it can be made redundant e.g.using like 10 channels.
"Shipper [of the lithium battery cargo] did not marked their cargo as dangerous goods" that hits me quite hard. Shipper should've been arrested just for that.
With lithium batteries being so dangerous, I hope there is a real sensitivity to check these in luggage. Mom's don't always pay attention
45 years ago I became a transportation officer in the USAF. Included in the training for this career field was specific
Smoke GO..GOGGLES..
One things for sure is that radio contact failure wasn’t due to the curvature of the earth
If the aircraft couldn't change its frequency, why didn't Dubai transmit on the Doha frequency, and talk to the pilot directly? The two airports should have been far enough apart to avoid interference. Even if they were much closer together, I imagine it woudl probably be much easier for Doha to just suspend operations for 10-20 minutes while Dubai borrowed the frequency to talk the pilot down. If that wasn't possible, why not have a aircraft above Dubai take over relay duties, which would have cut down the round trip from 6 steps to 4 steps.
Extremely poor visibility. Limited oxygen. Captain becomes non-responsive. ATC responds too slow (because of the relay). Barely responsive controls. Alone, flying a plane that you've barely flown. This has got to be one of, if not, the worst nightmare for pilots.
terrible
Poor guys had no chance. I think that all freight pilots should be given parachutes and jump out after setting a heading towards a body of water or high mountains, so as to try to avoid ground carnage in areas of large population. Airline companies wouldn't like their planes being 'abandoned' but the additional cost arising from rare incidents like this one could be offset by an increase in the cost of passenger flights for holidaying etc. No cheap flight is worth the cost of a cargo pilot's life. Industrial action by bringing the whole of the air freight transport system to a grinding halt would circumvent any initial dismissals. Pilots have the power, bean counters {everywhere} on terra firma are full of shit, as is management.
The intro made me realize how the sound of a plane flying is actually a really good creepy noise for tension building
I once got into a verbal fight with the gate crew about lithium batteries. I understand that a Dash is a small aircraft and has limited space for hand baggage, but I was arguing that I had a Laptop in the baggage piece in question with a Li-Ion battery, so was unwilling to put the bag into checked-in luggage... After a heated verbal exchange the Gate agent declared it a problem of the cabin crew and waved me through. Turned out there was sufficient space in the overhead luggage compartments after all and I had a safe flight.
I experienced an fire on a Northwest 747 back in the early 70's on a flight from LAX to HNL about 45 minutes out over the Pacific. The lady next to me grabbed my arm so tight it left it red. The fire was extinguished and we turned around and landed safely in LA. Never forgot that day!!
Horrific way to go, but something to be said for fighting to the end. Seems to me one option should be enabling/encouraging other aircraft to directly escort another aircraft in distress to allow direct comms and guidance.
I think this is one of the scariest episodes you’ve done so far! may the pilots rest in peace. As wonderful and exciting aviation may be, is not without is fair share of very frightening  incidents.
Is it possible to break the window? That might clear up the smoke in the cockpit...
I dont know why but this hit me harder than some of the other worse ones
There's an Air Crash Investigation episode on this.
Should they have not just opted to land on water instead of flying back to land? Given the dire circumstances like no visibility, would that not have been a better option?
We lived a KM down the road, we were busy in the garden at the time when we heard the explosion.... It was surreal. We found out later that evening what happened
I wonder if ATC could have a spare radio that could be re-tuned to match the aircraft in trouble. In cases like this direct communication is very critical and could have saved them
Arabrian gulf?
Handeling Hazmat for aircargo is actually my job.
Gripping! Rip crew... Learned a lot.
All of these stories are incredibly sad, but there is something that really stands out in some of them, like this one. When the pilot fights until the bitter end, when they don't give up just because things are bleak and possibly no way to recover, they keep at it. It's that fight to survive, to get down safely that I admire.  I do hope that whoever had shipped those batteries in this case, if not put in jail or heavily fined, were at least made fully aware of how terribly this situation turned out. I don't mean as a means to "name and shame" them, but instead to make it utterly clear to everyone involved that declaring what you are shipping correctly and accurately is setup that way for a reason.  This didn't have to happen, but I do hope that with those new procedures and changes that have been put in place, that some lives will be saved at a future date and time as a result of it. Incompetence is understandable, but it is incredibly important that we learn very important lessons from these cases, and that more lives are not lost under the same circumstances.
I really wonder the following: 45 minutes after the fire warning, they were still on their way back to Dubai airport and they had fairly good control of the airplane and visibility until then. It was 180 miles, if you fly directly, it would take you 20 minutes to the runway. Of cause you first need to turn and loose some other minute in doing the checklists and discussions, but if you have a fire you would prioritise the flight to the airport as quickly as possible while doing the checklists, so I think after about 24 minutes they could be on the runway. So, why 45 minutes after the warning, they were still on their way, they were not even close? @Mentour Pilot, maybe you can clarify too?
As a load controller, lituim batteries are not a good idea to load on any type of aircraft!
I get stressed out when I have to drive home in the snow, can't imagine what was going through the first officers head.
I thought the headline said the pilots were blinded by SMOKE UPS! which sounds like something Cheech and Chong would've come up with.
I can’t believe I lived through this video without having a heart attack. FML
OmG . Every second of your story telling had me on the edge of my seat. I need some sedatives . 🤣😂. You do such an awesome job. And the presentation puts you right in the moment and in the pilots POV. Looking around in a smoke filled cabin.
Respect to you Sir for this video. It's very sad. It's a very emotional video to make. Thank you for your hard work.
Would it have been possible to open the side window like you are able to do on the 737?
What great advice to notify a crew member should you drop a battery. I did that. And to my shock and dismay, the stewardess looked at me like I had two heads and had no idea why I would disclose to her that I dropped a battery. Now...what do we do with that one? Certainly most travelers don't have the knowledge of the danger that might arise...but surely the freaken crew should be trained to know that? Am I correct? I think she thought I was asking her for another battery...or something like that...because she surely didn't take the info as a safety concern.
I know everything about this incident but I'm watching this anyway because this is premium content
Listen, I admit I'm not an engineer or pilot. But there's several scenarios I've seen where the manual tells the pilots gain altitude go through a time consuming, extraneous, useless exercise  that ultimately wasted the precious time they had. I understand you have to dump fuel and there's certain procedures that the plain has to go through to prepare to land. But in the absence of a bay camera omit that one, expedite the others and get that thing on the ground.
Every time a story ends in crew perishing I can't help but feel compassion towards the crew. Circumstances such that even your best is not good enough to survive is something I don't wish anyone to find themselves in. Considering little experience on the type, I think the FO did remarkable job and I wouldn't be able to do half a job as good as them if I was in their shoes.
I worked for UPS International for almost 30 years.  I’ve read the reports but watching this video was so painful that I almost couldn’t finish it.  UPS  hires excellent pilots and everything from training to maintenance is top notch.  But this video really hammers home that there are always factors that you can’t control and this was a perfect storm of really horrible events chained together.  Thank you for making it and emphasizing how truly dangerous fire from whatever source, but especially Li-On batteries, can be.  Our prayers remain with the two pilots and their families and appreciation that, with almost no visibility or control of the aircraft, the copilot at least managed to avoid significant casualties on the ground.
That poor man must've been terrified yet he almost was successful in landing 😢
I remember I was in 1992 on the tarmac in Orlando and Hurricane Andrew had delayed our flight over 2.30 hours and we were getting anxious we had a connecting flight to Frankfurt on to AUH to DOH and our pilot said “ it is a hell lot better to be on the ground hoping you are in the air than in the air wishing you are on the ground!” So true I missed the flight and made it a day later
Was there any change to how dangerous goods are shipped or proper marking to them?
Is it possible to smash the cockpit window with a piercing object? The airspeed should create sufficient pressure to keep the smoke out of the cockpit then.
That was scary
I used to pack air freight containers for dhl one of the worst things you could do was put lithium batteries in a container when it wasn’t supposed to be. There were designated containers for lithium and hazmat so that the pilot knew exactly what spot the batteries were in, in the event of a fire.
Can't they design the aircraft so that the cargo could be jettisoned? Pallet of batteries burning? Simply drop it in the desert!
The basic rule “Land as soon as possible, at the closest airport”; The killer mistake those guys sadly made here :(
OH DANG!  did you just hit 1 million subscribers?  Earlier today that counter was 999k and now it says 1M!  Also these pilots were complete bosses.  I feel for them man as a former Firefighter as well, this would have been a living hell until it was finally over.  The fear of running out of oxygen in a pitch black smoke filled room with an SCBA is the most horrifying thing I've ever felt.
I would think that a V.R. helmet w/O2 would be less cumbersome and more effective than that inflatable (?) tube for cockpit visual reliance in smoke conditions. but I'm not a pilot or engineer, just a former fire fighter.
We should do your case studies for RST6 haha
Thank you for bringing these stories to us.  It really brings us close to the experience that these pilots are going through in these, thankfully, rare situations though we would all agree are still too frequent when they do occur.  I feel for the pilots in this situation, the sad decision to take the long route back for possibly convenience's sake was probably the error that doomed the flight in the end.  All praises to the co-pilot who struggled so valiantly to bring his stricken plane in for a landing and becoming a hero, whether he knew it or not, when his final efforts saved possibly hundreds if not thousands of lives.
poor pilots
It's pronounced " SHAR-JAH" not "Sharia". I love your channel though.
at one of my recent flights i notices a man going to the lavatory to have a smoke and as he was coming back to his seat i noticed him having matches in his hand (and the smoke stink obviously). I notified the crew right away, i said "that guy just went for a smoke in the bathroom and i saw him having matches and now it stinks with smoke and who knows what he could be doing with those matches" and got this response - "so what?"... I don't remember the airlines' name or even the destination, but it was a russian airline either flying to (or from) Turkey or between one of the cities inside the country. They did have a talk with the smoker though a little later and checked the toilet for smoke, but i found that careless behavior absolutely unprofessional, the steward was clearly annoyed by my snitching (there is a very much perverse culture in Russia about blowing whistles on anyone, but excuse me, it's f**king potential fire onboard we're talking about!). Given you can't even bring a water bottle onboard, i fail to understand how a man with matches and cigarettes got in.  Also, it's a good video for Elon Musk and his "lithium is the future in aviation" BS...
after seeing that i have some doubt about the powerbanks -even in carry on baggage. -i mean according faa i can bring up to 100wh batteries. however how about to bring and to use it while flying might be a difference. -how about even to charge them while flying from your front seat?  -until now i have no information if i can use the powerbank while flight.-except yes i can carry it
First Officer most likely did not know if he crashed into a populated area killing tons of people or empty field, since he could not see anything. What a terrible way to go not knowing the outcome.
FUBAR. rip to the pilot’s 🙏
He didn’t say “JESUS CHRIST WE HAVE A FIRE ONBOARD, GOD GAVE MERCY!”  my God, my Lord, why have you forsaken me?
Vaccum all the smoke
Why there is no vacuum cleaner in the cockpit hmmm
I can't help but think if the copilot had realized Pack 1 had shut off and restarted it, he might have been able to save the ship.
WOW!  The First Officer did all he could and then some! Sad that it ended this way.... my prayers go out to him and the Captain!  They did all they could.
Wow that's horrendously terrifying. Both pilots are a huge credit to the industry. I'd never heard of this incident before I saw the video.  Can't imagine trying to keep flying where you can't see the controls or heading..   🤯  Also I had no idea about those tunnel vision view things they now have - is that mandatory on every commercial airplane now?
This gives me goosebumps and sends shivers down my spine. What a frightening moment and what a shame that the FO was almost able to capture the glideslope… poor pilots did as much as they could
Hello Mentour Pilot, Thank you for another professionally produced and wonderfully presented video! It has been a great experience to watch this video of your. Thanks again,
It is not Arabian Gulf but Persian Gulf!! Totally disappointed 😞knowing how much emphasis you put on knowledge yet you spreading misinformation on your video either intentionally or not it was very wrong of you!  thus I unsubscribed! This is shameful 😔
Your videos are very through. Thanks
Once flew from Egypt to Germany, i had 4 18650 cells for a deive light in my carry-on in a plastic case such that they are isolated and protected from mechanical damage. The aiport security personell had me put them into my check-in baggage... My girlfriend passed security right behind me, the same guy looked at her pack of 18650is in the exact same case and put it back into her carry-on.. I was well aware of the dangers of Lithium Batteries in checked-in baggage, but did not want to complain, as the security in egypt is not well known for their friendliness.. The 18650 i had have a battery chemistry which is considered "safe".. In the case they where in, they probably would not start a fire even if thermal runaway happens..   Other passengers had their powerbanks taken away from them (probably they needed them?!) The airline had a policy that batteries up to 70Wh (or up to XYZ for required medical devices) are ok in the carry-on, however explain that to a egyptian security guard which needs a power bank and has no problem in making you miss your flight..  Think their should be more awarness for the severe effects such batteries can have.. People probably but devices with batteries into their checked-in luggage daily, like electric razors.. The pressure difference between ground and the ~750mbar in the cabin when flying at travelheight, could be just enough to pop an already damaged / outgased pouch cell with a "non-safe" chemistry.. Wonder if there are more precautions for passenger luggage in regards to fire safety (like having only XY amount of burnable material in one container + a way to handle the heat + smoke).
Loving the new thumbnails! Classy ;)
Extremely lucky how it didn’t hit any building and no civilian was killed.
5:02 its persian gulf
It was very poor design to place the cargo hold directly beneath the cockpit, without a firefighting capability. Dreadful. Lithium fires can burn at upwards of 2,000 degrees Celsius....Likewise the yoke cable was located above the cargo hold.   :(
Omg that was horrifying. That fact that is just got worse and worse and the poor first officer lost his crew member and had to fly without seeing is just insane. My heart just sank so hard.
There was an US project for a transport aircraft designed like a pick-up truck, with the section behind the cockpit (all the way to the rear flight control surface of the tail) being just like a flatbed trailer.  Tanks and equipment would be loaded from the back and secured to the bed, but fully exposed to the slipstream (with all the dag incurred).  I suppose it would have to fly slower to reduce drag.   I keep thinking about how easy it would be to design aircraft with jettison-able cargo, jettison-able engines (each one independently), jettison-able fuel compartments (that fuel stored outside of the wings), thus turning the airframe into a glider with just an engine or two and whatever fuel is in the wings.  Even on cargo flights, it would be perfectly reasonable to give the crew ejection seats.  In the case here, the captain could have selected a destination for the autopilot to safely crash the plane and eject the crew in a safe place.  I  think it would be easily achievable and wouldn't break the bank of the air companies.  Cargo is nowhere near as expensive as a human life. (Although banks and corporations think otherwise)
Unfortunately, the present lithium battery chemistry uses a highly flammable electrolyte, and in the rarefied air up in the cruising altitude the vaporization rate increases.  It's similar to another incident where a fuel that normally didn't form flammable vapors, at rarefied high altitudes BECAME explosive.
32:20 Did they do research on what alarms will cause the most uncomfortable reaction? Because I swear if I were in this situation I’d just give up I’d be so overwhelmed.
This guy is amazing - not only a pilot (and apparently a great one at that) but a firefighter?  There's a lot to admire about him but he's certainly a real-life hero.
I'm a new pilot. Your videos have been an amazing blessing, informative and i have learned so much.  Thank you for posting.
Rule of thumb: don't ever put any mobile electronic device in your luggage unless it has the battery removed beforehand.
This was dreadful The only felling i get from this production Was the almost same hopeless feeling i felt at 24th of december when my best mate died in a horrific car accident
During my Merchant Navy officer  training we had 2 weeks training in fire fighting in a ship superstructure built ashore for the purpose. So I KNOW what people just won't believe about the effects of smoke in an enclosed space.  Imagine being blindfolded and then  spun round half a dozen times,  but worse. You will become disorientated to the point of becoming lost even in a totally familiar environment. And the smoke can easily be so thick that even a bright light will be diffused to uselessness in inches. Even if the fire was in the same space, you may not be able to see anything but a diffused glow in its general direction.
Sorry for maybe a stupid question. But is it possible to descend on an altitude enough to breathe and open or break cockpit windows in this situation?
This was so heartbreaking and sad to listen to , That co-pilot never gave up , he did his best to the very end  . RIP to the Crew . Looks like we lost an excellent co-pilot that day .
What could have happened if they opened sligthly a window on the cockpit in order to dissipate a litlle bit the smoke ?
Talk about flying blind! I've had the honor of transporting many UPS pilots over the years to and from their planes and from their conversations, I find them to be highly intelligent and methodical. I'm not surprised to hear the pilot ended up saving hundreds of lives by his persistence and courage.
This is so sad. The shipper had one DAMN job
Fire suppression and extinguishers don't work with Lithium-Ion batteries - the runaway reaction creates its own oxygen. Any cargo of batteries needs a very specialised and effective container to be safe.
If there is only one emergency button u press and the plan will intiate emergency landing automatically to the nearest airport from A to Z.. " just an imagination "
Appreciate the fine work 👍  💜💜
4000 feet.. open the windows
Smoke Googles! I love this guy.
I had a lithium battery undergo thermal runaway in my pocket, it's a funny term for "spewing fire like a tiny dragon." it's terrifying and astonishingly dangerous
This was really interesting, thank you. At the end of the video you described some safety features that had been suggested, or implemented, and one of them was see-through blow up thing that went between the main instruments and the pilots viewing position and I thought that would not be such a good idea because it would provide extra complexity in a disaster situation and it may also be reliant on other systems, such as the one that provides pressure to the cockpit, also if seals were not good it could give more surfaces to get covered in smoke and grease reducing visibility, and in itself looks quite cumbersome. From what you've said, it appears to me that getting the smoke out the cockpit is really key so that pilots can stay in control. I had an idea. Imagine there was a small hole in the front of the cockpit in the bodywork,  forward facing, maybe the size of a small coin, that could be opened with a lever in emergency such as this, were the cabin has lost pressure but is filling with smoke. This would create some pressure in the cockpit as air hits the front of the plane and enters the cockpit and allow a through draft between this and the hole in the roof. It would be a really manual solution so there is less to go wrong, and would provide some redundancy. Obviously you would want to position this in such a way that it would not hit the pilots directly and perhaps put some sort of deflecting guard behind it to defuse airflow and deal with precipitation but I think it would help clear the air using the force of the wind and not be reliant on any other systems, it may be loud and create some turbulence in the cockpit but if it meant pilots could still see the controls and the pilots were not breathing in smoke, I think it potentially could be a life saver. Also if pilots can communicate on big headsets, with noise cancelling potential, the noise issue could be mitigated. Perhaps there could be one on each side of the front of the cockpit so that either or both pilots could engage from their sitting position. Tell me do you think this a mad idea, or if it is worth forwarding to manufacturers?
Thermal runaway fires in lithium batteries tend to start from some sort of puncture damage. I wonder ìf this was also the case here.
Could they have opened their side windows to create forward pressurization? to introduce high speed fresh air and shove the smoke out the emergency top vent at the back of the cabin?
I used to work at DAFZA ( Dubai AIrport Free Zone ) where the UPS cargo flights used to park and taxi from. Almost everyday i used to watch the UPS 747 taxi while i used to walk to my car parked just beside the airport fence parking lot and after watching it take off, i used to drive home.  I still remember seeing this UPS 747 taxing little did i know it was it's final flight. The image still haunts me and brings back memories of that time.
Great analysis of a very tragic accident!  Thanks for sharing!
If the batteries are declared as hazardous material, as they should have been, does this crash still happen?   I’m assuming hazardous cargo gets special packaging etc..
A bit confusing when you said Arabian gulf but map clearly shows Persian gulf (minute 5:20)
Giant tube of flying oxygen plus a fire. So scary!
I wonder if they would have made it by selecting the closest airport the first time and if there is any guidance on that for future fire scenarios
9:38 _"Cargo aircraft where the likelihood this is a spurious alarm is much lower"_ Yep, it's not like a pallet of cigarettes is going to go to the lav and light up a flight attendant....
Only 8K subscribers away from a million! Your channel really took off, pun intended. I remember tuning into your channel a couple years ago and you were still around the 100K subscribers.  Congratulations in advance Petter!
Similar disatrous  situation with regards to, FLIGHT (SPRINGBOK)295, of South African Airways in 1987.   A BOEING 747, named the HEIDELBERG   crashes in the Indian Ocean, due to fierce fire and toxic heavy smoke on board.
That remember me at the SR111 crash near Peggy’s Cove.
I couldn't breathe through the last few minutes of this video.
This might be a dumb question, but could he have opened a cockpit window to push the smoke back through the vents?
You are one of my favorite YouTubers! Your content is excellent and your delivery is great! You are a good storyteller already, so whatever you learn from your reading can only make you an even better storyteller. I think flying is amazing, even though I’ve only flown a few times. I am learning so much from your channel! Thank you for all the work you put into it!
Can't he open windows ? To clear the air from smoke ?
Why cargo sections need pack, there are no people inside, it's just for cargo, no one is breathing! And lack of air also helps in mitigating the possibility of fire 🔥!!
When you mentioned about black smoke inside the crew compartment and you mentioned about the pilot trying to get the supplementary oxygen, I immediately remember the terror of the smoke chamber during the flight attendant training I received here in Brazil.   It was just eucalyptus smoke during a simulation while carrying a person, but it was enough to make your nose and eyes feel like burning. You cannot breath, you cannot see. You either do what needed to do or your would blackout very soon.  What a nightmare... I'm glad we have better systems now, but I still think the goggles should have some HUD to display some information, like speed, virtual horizon, heading and even some details about the autopilot, flaps, gear, squawk and radio frequency and volume.  Right now, just watched this video on a 6" phone screen with a 1920x1200 resolution at 20cm from my face and I do believe there is plenty of information that could be transmitted towards a screen wirelessly (LoRa ou some other system?) as a last resort. Not sure about costs and reliability, but it could be an extra device to tag along the current systems. Extra redundancy is never a bad thing.  Thanks for your content and excellent explanation.
Were the batteries defective? Brand new batteries should not spontaneously explode unless there is a serious design flaw. Considering these batteries originated in China, I doubt they were made to the highest quality standards. Very sad indeed.
It surprises me that it took that long for someone to come up with the idea of providing a 'tunnel' or 'periscope' for viewing flight instruments in smoky conditions.  This wasn't the first time smoke had caused problems in a cockpit.
This presentation is superb
Sad
When a repair crew can't reproduce an issue, why don't they contact the reporter for more details?  Is FDR data archived?  If so, do they use it?
These guys had the worst share of bad luck in the history of aviation. I also have to - again - commend Petter's amazing and detailed explanation of this accident.
🥵
The FO was a freaking hero for preventing the plane from crashing into houses.
9:17 The Captain, who has a great deal more experience that the FO says, "I think we should head back."      At this point, the FO has a few options. He can let the pilot know there is a closer airport, he can disagree with the Captain and say "I think we should head to..." he can agree with the Captain, or he can defer to the Captain's greater experience, say nothing, and fall back on his roll as FO/Pilot Monitoring and start on the emergency check list.     If I were in his place, as a low time pilot on that type, I'm pretty sure I would choose the final option, especially if I trusted and respected the Captain.       So I'm not really sure a discussion is necessary or even appropriate at this point.
Terrible plight! I think every flight should have a cargo manifest, a checklist, which the pilots can go through, to ensure there's nothing dangerous in the holds. Couldn't hurt to be doubly sure instead of facing such horrors! 😯
Murder by a typical exporter , should have castrated the lazy SOB and then shot him , greed money , no care of life . I know people like this , I sell products that have lithium and we only sea freight , our customers get angry . Tough . We care about human life and the laws
So what do you do when you have a carry-on full of lithium batteries and the gate agent tells you to gate check it?
The relay was done so poorly. The relaying aircraft should have used one radio to talk to ATC and the other radio to talk to the emergency aircraft.
This one was hard to watch, you conveyed so well the claustrophobic feel and why smoke is a pilot's worst fear. May all of them rest in peace and all of us learn to take forbidden items security seriously.
So many questions to be asked… 1-Why the tower didn’t suggest landing in Doha? (The nearest at the moment of turn around). 2-Why the container area doesn’t have any FM400 fire extinguishers (very light and dry) and it suffocate fire . 3- why the customs didn’t check the container ingredients? 4- Fire insulation equipment to be reviewed  5- Containers and storage bay area should be with a better fire rated materials  6- there must be a smoke bleeding system to avoid spreading in the cabin. RIP the crew members.
Scary stuff! Well told by Petter. Such a dire and sad situation.
Suppose the cargo compartments are not pressurised, or in case some cargo needs to be in a pressurised chamber, we can use Nitrogen to pressurise such chambers.
Interesting videos though I've never myself been on a trip that required an air ticket. Seeing UPS as part of the title I couldn't help but be reminded of CASTAWAY & that doomed FedEx flight.
I wonder if jettisoning cargo could be made possible in a fire situation?
If the pilot lands at Doha, there will be a different end
Dwight brown and youtube
So no possibility to add reverse function into smoke removal system, by ability to open scoop that forces air into cockpit from the outside, even if its not much, it should over pressurize the flight deck and keep smoke out. I think that would been far easier than building what ever that view thing is.. Also why oxygen masks are not right beside the crew seats? So in case of such event they would have emergency oxygen near and then can go get bigger container with that if space is issue? Also it should be full mask witch you can connect the emergency air with quick connect and unplug it from the internal system so pilots wont need to try play fire fighters with out any gear or training. Current setup seems more of, they there is burning house, but your oxygen supply is limited and only let you move x meters, now try get out from the house with one breath of air....I have been in similar situation. No visibility to even see my hand, oxygen cut out since compressor if i recall right run out of fuel, being connected to airhose what is tangled and no quick connect.. Just had to guess and try my luck that flicker was sunlight, take deep breath and run out from the sand blasting hall. One breath of that air would probably turned my lungs into sand castle, so yeah.... Similar, just not in 10k feet up with multi million dollar equipment with all the bells and whistles that help the pilots.. or disorients them.. .
For air transport, on battery back up power supplies, batteries are set to 30% state of charge. My understanding is so that these batteries will not have sufficient energy to create a deadlier fire or heat for a sustained period.
One remark; I am sure you do not learn it in the school, but this has been since ancient aged “PERSIAN GOLF“! I thought, pilots are in general really very good in geography ,  history and intercultural aspects. But this doesn’t seem to be the case here! I hope, you will consider it in the future.
that's an easy problem.  I like easy problems.  Put, a system in the cargo hold that floods it with an inert gas.  Nitrogen or Argon.  There are no people down there, so there is no issue with anybody suffocating.  It's a pretty inexpensive fix.  It will work 100%, with a zero percentage chance of failure.  It's an easy fix.  The only.  ONLY, reason for a failure on my system would be.  The owners actually wanted it to fail. It don't take no roads scholar to fix this issue. And, as a bonus.  Even the cargo will be saved.  Inert gas will not harm anything (except biological critters).  But pets and such won't be in that hold.
All the unfortunate events - fire, wrong frequency, no visibility, captain passing out... - is really horrifying. But thinking about the moment when the FO must have realized there is no chance and just count the seconds until the end, that is the really chilling one :(
Amazing story , i felt the tension .
Was there any action taken against the people who sent the batteries without declaring what they were? Surely they are a huge part of the cause of this accident 😫
Trying to maintain a clear head when so much is going on all at once with the pressure of get this right or die. At same time your mind must not get stuck in “this can’t be happening” attitude as that takes too much away from focus that needs to be 100 percent.  Wow God bless their souls.
I've always wondered in cases with cargo planes. Is it unfeasible to attempt to bail out of a plane? If you have no other options to land the plane. Aim it towards water. Slow it down as much as you can. And parachute out. Is it just impossible no matter. Due to the speeds. Or due to design of doors etc.?
The idea of having cargo thermal cameras/thermal detection is not a bad idea. I've loaded many many cargo flights with all kinds of DG. And not a single aircraft type have had any cameras, this could indeed be a good safety measurement and early detection to the crew, especially on cargo flights.  Would be nice if the manufacturers take that into considerations. Because fire and smoke is the absolute worst thing that can ever happen. The quicker you can act on it the better.
I've transported dangerous goods, mostly flammable, corrosive, oxidizing or environmentally hazardous liquids but also lithium batteries. I was quite nervous the first time I loaded a tank container with a dangerous liquid. 25 tons of Ethylenediamine. It's a corrosive liquid and the container was going to be transported by sea so I had to label it accordingly: After I had one it a few times I became more confident and understood that if done right, it's no more dangerous than transporting any other type of cargo.
This is just sad. Those poor pilots. Almost everything was against them. I kept hoping if the FO never gave up they would somehow get on the runway in Dubai. No such luck:(   I guess when it's your time it's your time.
Just happened upon your channel. I don’t know why, but I’m interested in crashes. I’m afraid to fly, so got my pilots license in 2001. It took me longer than most bc of my fear. I talked through my final test (which I didn’t realize) so my instructor said he was able to get into my mind of what I would be thinking during an emergency. I used to read NTSB reports to see if I would make the same mistakes. Honestly, I thought those could be easily made mistakes if a pilot was tired or stressed. I never flew again ( solo) after I got my license. I’m still afraid to fly, just more so bc so many crashes are pilot errors.
This is the second scariest one you've done. Just awful.
EVAS is a nice idea - but I never saw it installed on the 744 or the 748. As I understand it, the smoke removal handle on the 400 was abandoned with the introduction of the - 8 due to this accident. Absolutely terrifying watching this video and having flown the 400, with both pax and cargo, it really became quite difficult to watch near the end. Horrific.
I assume that they could not figure out why the pack 1 kept failing?
It is just HORRIBLE what these pilots went thru !!
Aren’t those kind of batteries caused early 787 incidents and got them grounded?
Be careful of recharger stick batteries. I had one start getting hot in my hand, while recharging my iPhone. I disconnected it & never used it again.
As somebody who is just a nervous flyer, and not a pilot,  I wanted to ask if it is not a good idea to have a few people in charge to check the freight compartments for fires or other issues? I mean, surely, it will be more expensive for the airline to pay a few more salaries but I believe that if there was at least one more person on board, this tragedy could have been avoided.
Hi Petter! Could you perhaps make a video about the lost flight MH370? Love your videos och ha det så bra!
A 747-400 is NOT fly-by-wire (with triple redundancy of wiring)??
I am not a pilot but your videos have lessons which not only useful for air man ship but in any harsh situation that’s why I am always watching them. However I am not happy that you called the "Persian Golf" an "Arabian Golf" there is no historical proof of that Please keep this in mind.
I am pretty sure it is Persian gulf, as it was written on the map you showed.
Can you make a video about the 2nd worst air crash, the Japan Air Lines Flight 123?
couldn't he have opened a window to clear out some smoke?
Couldn’t the Dubai ATC had one terminal change freqs to the same as Bahrain in order to communicate with the aircraft?
Swiss Air as well! Smell smoke? Land NOW….period!
Greetings from California (near SNA).  You have a real gift for storytelling. Happy to have found your channel. Keep up the good work.
One wonders how it can be possible to forget that fire alarm extinguishing systems are among the most important both at sea and in the air? Any child can understand how important it is but not the aircraft manufacturer's engineers ...
I was hoping that at least the co-pilot would make it ... but alas, it was not meant to be. I'm so SAD. And thanks for the reminder about the lithium batteries.
this is a story of a pure horror movie... :(
turning back to Dubai was a horrible decision.
Dear Petr, sorry if I got your name wrong, something kept bothering me about the engine vibration meter in one of the Boeing videos I saw. It has a scale up to 5 but no warning light or LED in it , why is that as a number 5 indication clearly shows something is wrong with the engine.
ive seen a battery fire go off (though not with my own eyes, through a video), dear god imagine the horror when you're stuck inside metal tube and there's no way out, and smoke starts seeping in.
what a hero, proper awful way to go. rip.
I am a "Mentour Pilot" as well.    30 years retired CANSOFCOM and RCAF pilot/instructor.   If half my pilots were half as knowledgeable and quick-minded logical as you... my hair would likely be thicker and far less grey.   Brilliant videos. I am vastly impressed and have subscribed. Thank you!
Watching these at the airport bar>>>
Have you heared about the NLM CityHopper Flight 431? Really interesting and tragic extreme weather related plane crash. As far as I know, the only time a tornado was responsible for the crash of a commercial airplane.
😔
I gotta think the most important thing is to get the smoke out.  that is what carries the heat. Would being able to blow out the doors help?
What a very sad case. I can't imagine what those pilots were feeling.
It must have been horrifying for that pilot. Very sad. The point is, sometimes when you board a plane and there’s not enough space in the luggage compartment near your seating that stays with you, it’s taken and put in the hold. Battery operated appliances are then out of site. It’s really frightening. That pilot did the best he could in the circumstances he was faced with. Thanks for sharing.
Circuit breakers (or fuses) rarely blow for no reason. Very very rarely. The pilots and engineers both should have insisted that the aircraft remain out of service until the reason could be found.
How horrific. Fought to the very end.
would this be a good situation to apply augmented  reality, the mask could have a full virtual replication of the cockpit allowing the pilots  a change to see the controls
Just wondering.. Due to the high danger of lithium batteries, are they still being shipped in the same manner as described in this  podcast, meaning by air freight? Would it not be safer to ship them by rail and water and not by air so as to avoid another catastrophe such as this?….
I note that their was a 3rd battery fire in 2016. What frightens me is thatL  1)The battery manufacturer voluntarily ceased manufacture and stated that the type of battery Boeing insisted on 'are inherently unsafe'.  2)Boeings initial response was to put the battery into a thicker metal box  3)Boeing has now replaced the battery for a less efficient non-rechargeable type.  Consider point 3 - the ONLY time that the battery would be used is when all other power fails.... so Boeing tried to cut overall cost by slightly reducing weigh (metal box foiled that) and IF their was a total power failure, the battery could be recharged.  That speaks or really bad design that is 100% aimed at reducing cost and since 'self certification' is in operation - NOBODY said 'that seems like a bad idea.  It strikes me that we will not see a group of hull losses due to a repeated failure BUT because all manner of rarely encountered conditions that the design has not considered and not adhered to the 'belt and braces' approach.  Of course, the crew are the biggest lifesavers and best resource on any aircraft but we did see pilots who were caught out by the AOA sensor failures. 2 sensors... 2. If you have 3, you can 'vote' on which to trust but 2.... and 2 that are used alternately? I suppose it saves the cost of 1 sensor... or, and the sensor that detects that the 2 inputs are different was an OPTION.  Airbus managed the long supply lines because they have experience of such stretching back to 1960 and because of the aircraft involved, cost was not the MOST important factor - getting it RIGHT was the most important factor.  I WOULD fly Boeing - but only with CVaptain Petter Hornfeldt in command. He's quite young but he is 'old school'. He has pride in getting it right.
Thank you for sharing this.  I can’t even imagine the responsibility and weight is placed on pilots.  We all face challenges, but level of strength is enormous.  When we see the pilot clips and fun videos of landing, it removes the underlying responsibility pilots carry.
The gulf you mentioned in the video has been called PERSIAN GULF. Other names are just propaganda and I was not expecting you to say that on your video. Please revise and edit that.
Can you do one on the Mexicana 940 flight?
Reminds me a bit of the 747 Combi Flight SAA Flight 295  (The Helderberg) Fire in the cargo  .. no final outcome of the reason why
Had these guys opted for Doha, it feels like they could have made it... Very unfortunate!
Damn, this kinda hit hard, I feel so sorry for these guys
Omg. Just terrifying.
Serious question, so what do you propose if they run out of overhead bin space and tell you that ALL bags now have to be checked regardless of what's in them?  I've had a few times I did my best to follow the directions but as I wasn't in the priority boarding all the bin space filled up and they required everything that wouldn't fit under a seat had to be checked at the gate (including my small Pelican carry-on which was maybe half an inch too big to go under a seat).  I informed them that it contained several spare uninstalled Lithium-Metal-Primary and Lithium-Ion-Rechargable batteries for my electronics (multiple spares for radios, flashlights, and camera gear) but their response was basically "hold them loose or check it, bins are full"...and it was too many batteries to hold in my hands so I was stuck having to check them.  I think we also had something like this when we ended up on a regional jet where bins were significantly smaller bins that couldn't fit rigid bags and "everything" had to be checked regardless of being below the airline-allowed carryon dimensions.  I didn't like it, but I felt like I had no choice but to cave and let them be checked having already informed them of the contents...which made me uncomfortable (I've heard of UPS 6 before and have had older laptop batteries swell/overheat in devices in the past at home and work) but what else do you do in that situation?
Just to get some view, ditching could be possible? Does it is include in this case as in any checklist of way out?
one guess,  Lithium Batteries
Hi, I was lucky enough to get across this video, and wow what a video! Very nicely done.  By the way, this crash reminds me of another very similar disaster, the Asiana Airlines flight 991 crash. Unfortunately, the intensity of the fire was so immense that it destroyed all the black boxes, so we never got to know the full details of what went through in the cockpit and accurate flight data. It also destroyed all hydraulics, making the plane uncontrollable. And another part that made me(personally) cry was the last few words that 1st officer spoke to the Jeju ACC-the airport the crew was trying to divert to-and he did so in Korean in those last few communications with the ATC. It clearly showed how desperately the crew was trying to save the plane and it almost made me cry... And yet some rubbish press made an accusation of the captain trying to fake a crash so that he can get insurance compensation and deprived the public to mourn the crew's death. And when the crew was found strapped to their seats, the damn press didn't even make any apologies whatsoever.  I really hope similar tragedies like UPS 6 and Asiana 991 to never happen again... May the both crew rest in peace....
Perhaps there is a case for a wireless backup flight control system here, strictly as a last line of defense.
0:57 "Never check in batteries with luggage." Unfortunately that's impossible. Apparently, local flight regulations in the Philippines does not allow a person to be with a powersource because of the potential to create a bomb. Which means, all loose batteries (And possibly even laptops) have to be checked in with the luggage.    When we were going out for an aerial shoot on an island, we had to take a domestic flight with the drones. We normally don't take jobs that has us leaving the mainland, but i just packed as normal and travelled with the battery bag on my lap. We did call ahead to ask if it was okay to fly with the batteries.    At the airport, I had to insist that i hold on to the bag containing the batteries (I've flown RC for a while, i know how explosive lipos can be so i ALWAYS have them in my sight), on the way back however, they were more strict and we weren't allowed to board with the batteries on us and we had to put them in with the drones in their crates.    The whole flight home i couldn't relax because i was constantly wondering if the baggage handlers had flipped the crates over. These were NOT DJI drones with batteries in hardcases.
OMG ! I was shocked and devastated . What would you have done differently ?  Why didn't they divert to KISH island in Iran or Bahrain ?  or even ditch the plane !! Would you consider opening the window at low speeds an option ? Would it be possible ? as I remember many flights have survived well with a shattered front windscreen at much higher ALT. and Speed . This So0o could be prevented . I reallllly didn't expect it would end like that
Sad
where can i get a full text of all sound recording of this flight?
People gotta have their electronic gizmos...
commercial cargo pilots should have ejection tech. there are no passengers and they could get out in this type of situation.
Mentour Pilot I would love to hear what you think happened to this flight; On Feb. 15, 1961, a commercial aircraft carrying all 18 members of the U.S. figure skating team, who were headed to a competition in Prague, crashed near the Brussels airport, killing everyone on board. Six coaches were also on the plane, along with four officials and six of the group's family members.
I’ve heard this story.  Too sad to finish however much I like Mentour.
Once again I congratulate the Mentour Pilot for this commentary. I also understand that you do not attach blame to these incidents. I also realize you fly a Boeing aircraft. I am not an aviator. But it seems to me that there were some Boeing design flaws that made the chances of the pilots' survival about zero in these circumstances. The fact of the lithium batteries not being shown as requiring special precaution was a significant omission. I do not wish to embarrass you but I would like to read the Safety authority's final report for myself. I am not sure which safety authorities are involved. To save time could you give me the address of the correct website. ALL of your reports maintain a professional neutrality with which I totally agree. Your professionalism is outstanding. Michael Croudson
All cargo areas should have a foam or fire system period.
well, i'm actually commenting on your sponsor blinkist... to UNDERSTAND things happening - you don't need only to see the results, you have to go through the whole way (of finding a solution, and why it was made) - like in mentours vids : adapt, accept and improve - if you shorten that way by reading only the outcome, you'll lack a serious part of "problem solution" and immersion, but hey this is da interwebs feel free to push/pull the yoke of your experience...
Truly a tragic and terrifying '"story". But I can't help but wonder who or what was the cause of the  the "erroneous loading"? As it possibly would at least be partly to blame for this tragedy. Was it the "loading crew" or were the pallets not correctly "declared"... Someone somewhere "along the line" either made a mistake OR wilfully caused that cargo to not be "handled appropriately". Which makes me wonder if this was "investigated", and if there were any consequences and possibly even repercussions for the "guilty party". Which considering the devastating and tragic outcome of the "error" would (imo) feel appropriate.
will you make a video about the Malaysia Airlines Flight 370?
haven't realize how hard and painful this event was. Excellent exposure of the whole accident. From a colleague on your airline, good job keep it up.
Now I realize why shipping carriers always ask if I'm shipping anything flammable or dangerous like lithium batteries.
Incredible story.  Excellent coverage.  RIP pilots.
Wouldn’t it have been possible for Bahrain controls to hand over the plane AND radio frequency to Dubai controls and prevent this complicated relay business?  While I would assume each control center is restricted to utilizing a specific set of frequencies under normal circumstances, surely it should be permitted to deviate in an emergency if an aircraft is unable to change it’s radio frequency, right? In my view it seems like an unfair extra workload to put on a distressed pilot and in my view it clearly contributed to this tragic event..
could it be an option to send a military fighter plane to help them?
Matt and Doug were new crew out of DXB, not the crew out of HKG.  Pack 1 was thought to be cleared on the turn.
The thing that I can't understand is why didn't Dubai control use a relay aircraft in their airspace to communicate with UPS 6? They just needed a relay aircraft in the vicinity with both Bahrain and Dubai frequencies tuned in
its pronounced, shar-jah (the first half of 'jazz')
I cannot tell how deep I was touched and shocked by this video... You never wish anyone to end up in such situation. Thank you Mentour and Team for the video and may the pilots rest in peace
As a Boeing mechanic that built the wings on this plane, I took this crash pretty hard. I know I had nothing to do with the crash, but it still hurts my soul.
There are two types of lithium batteries.  Lithium metal, which are non-rechargeable (CR-123's, Energizer ultimate lithium), and lithium ion rechargeables.  The lithium metal batteries contain lithium metal.   To extinguish a Lithium metal fire, you cannot use water based extinguishers.  Water mixed with lithium metal creates hydrogen and will make the fire worse... Extinguishers used for lithium metal are graphite, copper powder, and Lith-X (Ansul), or Class D type extinguishers.    Lithium Ion batteries do not contain lithium metal, and fires can be extinguished with standard ABC type extinguishers.    In my opinion, these two types of batteries should not be in the same cargo hold if there is fire suppression for one or the other.
I was recently on a flight that lost cabin pressure at 25,000 feet. Air masks dropped and the pilot took us to about 8,000 and flew us back to our departing airport.   When I post on FB about it, I had two other friends say the same thing had happened to them on flights.   Can you explore how often this happens and why this happens? It sounds like it is moreoften than the general public knows.   I certainly would appreciate a video on it.
Sad story this.  I just wondered if you think they would have made it to Doha instead of flying back almost double the distance?
Couldn't the Dubai airport transmit at the frequency the airplane was tuned into? It probably became apparent to both Dubai and Bahrain airport that the plane is and can't change frequency. How hard is it for the airport to switch?
Why didn’t they land in Doha?
this is the worst story out of all you`ve told us so far. Just the feeling of hopelessness. I would never imagine that the single lithium battery could dos such harm to airman. I do now! But still< this video is so depressing
Googles? LOL
OMG that was awful. Your video was that good it really made me go through emotions as though I was going through it (although I’m sure nowhere near as much as the pilots).
That first officer fought so hard. ☹️
Didn't know you were a firefighter before you got your wings. Mad respect for you, man.
I wonder why dont autopilots have function of emergency landing.
Could you do a video on the Helderburg (SAA 295)
What a Nightmare.
Great video and very informative
Thank you for another brilliantly presented explanation, well done.   As an Engineer, having spent a lot of time on R&D, amongst many other things and having built many small fixed and rotary wing aircraft for customers, I am very surprised that the fix to prevent this not happening again was not more positive!   Clearly, fire suppressing improvements were needed and in fact, why was it not possible to flood the whole area with Halon ?  My main point is the Cockpit Smoke thing...   Shurely, there could be an emergency air infeed, well forward, in the nosecone area, together with a 'dump' outlet somewhere above the jump seat area.   This would be relatively simple to include and would give a positive and independant means of evacuating the Cockpit of smoke/fumes !   Even if it were not sophisticated enough to work until pressurisation was shut down, it would make a lot more sense than that ridiculous 'Bin Bag over the head' thing, shown at the end.   I really hope that nobody ever has to use that !  Regards from North Wales, UK.   Take care all,   Mike
f
Why had the cargo not been XRAYED ???  This should be done automatically. Then crap like this wont happen.
I regularly use small, domestic  Lithium batteries, and I treat them very carefully because I know they can be extremely dangerous, despite their size.
I'm confused, why do you repeat mayday episodes and not unusual crashes that didnt make the cut but were just just as interesting,,,,,
With a big part of the fire suppression plan being to deprive the fire of oxygen, I don't understand why procedure calls for descent.
Moral of the story  ………. if you suspect a fire on board go to the nearest airport available.
You have done a great job of showing this accident and your animation of it really brings out the difficulties that crews will face and have to deal with.  Some very interesting aspects added complexity to the situation and as usual with aviation incidents some one in a million factors appear too.
You should do japan airlines flight 123
I know the family of the first officer. Recognized this one immediately. :(
This is absolutely terrifying. I was terrified before you even started this video just based upon your introduction and the music you used. Excellent storytelling!
Did you just say smoke Google's? Crack me up!
I saw a profile of the accident and I just can't watch this one all the way through...makes me sick...
I was working in DXB on this day in night shift, some how news was spread in the airport, a flight recently take off from airport is about to make an emergency landing, we ran to the apron level and waited for the landing, but flight was never landed...
Not having an effective vapor and temperature sensors in the cargo compartments; not having Halon units directly attached to sealed and "fire-proof" containers designed to monitor the unit and discharge automatically and alert the flight deck; not to place responsibility to the aircraft manufacturer to include those measures in their liability clauses, and put it into statute law for conversions, and the insurance companies plans; all are criminal in my mind. To hear it prattled about that the costs aren't statistically justified, is moral and ethical criminality, either denied, or to be passed along to the next sub-contractor, aircraft user's liability insurance. While not easily accomplished, is it possible to modify the cockpit, whereby it is environmentally isolated from the rest of the the cabin to vent out smoke, and lower oxygen content for fire suppression? Being able to isolate the flight deck, vent the smoke, have more than 20 minutes of supplemental oxygen, on both passenger and cargo, may allow the crew to avoid further casualties on the ground should they fail.
Love your vids. This may sound stupid but never a thought of having cameras all around the aircraft so pilots can monitor what’s happening in and out? Or is this just not feasible ?
Can you make a vdo about the Airbus paint saga with QA and whether its a cosmetic problem or a problem that can lead to a structural issuse in the longterm..would be interesting to hear your  perspective on the matter
So it's safe to say that most pilots do not have a good home life.
Really terrifying and devastating accident! I have a question which might have been asked already, but still: Could it be possible if the flying crew jump off the plane with parachutes and ditch the plane in a field or in water? Of course it would still be horrible but 2 souls could have been saved (if such operation is possible)
Thank you!
I'm curious what how the outcome would have changed if the battery's would of been loaded further back in the cargo hold or one of the lower hold's. and not directly below the crew quarter's and the control cables & Oxygen line's
You should spell the j in Sharjah it's not spelled Sharyah. Just FYI
As a retired DG shipper with 15 years of IATA/49 CFR training, I can tell you that the number of undeclared DG shipments is frightening.  Over the last several years the regulation of lithium, and lithium ion batteries has been the main focus of the FAA in the U.S.  Operator Variations can complicate things, as some international carriers will not accept any type of lithium batteries.  For me, as a passenger, all I can do is educate folks my fellow employees and friends.  Petter, your job is stressful enough without having to worry about what’s in your cargo hold.  Thanks, Pete
This might be a dumb question, but why didn't Dubai ATC switch to Bahrain's frequency so they wouldn't have to do the relay?
Have you done TWA flight 800 that blew up in July 1996 flying from New York to France ? A wiring failure that grounded every 747 for safety checks. Bad design ?
TheFlightChannel did a good job on this crash too.
Keep this video away from Kelse at 74gear.
If the Autopilot uses electronic pathways to control flight surfaces, why isn't there a switch that could be used in an emergency situation like this where the mechanical systems may have been damaged or destroyed, that would allow the pilot to toggle the aircraft over to the fly-by-wire electronic pathways that the Autopilot uses but while still flying the aircraft by hand? To say it another way, in an aircraft that is not fly-by-wire in normal manual/pilot hand mode, but has an autopilot that does use fly-by-wire, couldn't/shouldn't that fly-by-wire system be configured to be able to be a purposeful, usable, redundant, flight surfaces control system in the event of an emergency?
PanAm lost a 707F trying to make Logan a number of years back, they almost made it but the smoke.....
Superb and natural presenter.
Was anyone held accountable for the batteries being on board in the first place?
Unfathomable situation for the crew, but excellent message which I wish more people would hear.  As a pilot, this is actually one of my biggest fears when on an airliner... not turbulence, not weather, not engine failure.  I think most people have no idea about the dangers of putting something like a laptop or phone in their checked baggage and would think nothing of it.  Years ago when I was working in Algeria, for our flight out to Paris, the security screeners would take everyone's laptop batteries and actually put them in the hold!!!  For 'security' reasons.  Utterly clueless, and not open to enlightenment, of course.  Luckily it's not that way anymore, but I always worried about it.
Hey, Could you cover the crash of flight 578 that crashed in 2001 into Brooklyn. The national geographic documentation about this acvident feels to sensationally made and superficial on what happened to the flight. I would appreciate if you could give some better structured insight in the crash and the investigation that followed and what was learned from that.
There is no such thing as 'arabian' gulf! Its PERSIAN Gulf, Has been and Will be! If you are accurate with flight events, better review history to use correct names as well!
This story just made me sad in so many levels... poor soul, so close to making it, his colleague down, alone fighting this.
I hope all best to the pilots :( if there is anything after death. This was such terrible accident
Hey Petter. Just a question, which is probably naive but I can't find an appropriate answer. Why there aren't voice controls in a plane? Something like Siri or Alexa (more precise, more accurate, more technical), that could be switched on by saying a specific special word, in very specific cases. Wouldn't be easier to survive to this kind of scenario? The pilot could manage radio frequency, datas, and so further without having to manually input the information... This could also be very helpful in case of technical failure with instrumentation or the user interface.
This is by far one of saddest crashes I’ve seen. What a horrible way to die 😔
I have a question that since the accident Im thinking about. According to you, is there any chance to survive if he would try to land on water? In such a desprite situation I think would be better to try land on water instead of trying to land on airport in crowded city without seeing anything. What is your opinion?
Please make one video covering the TAM 3054 accident in Brazil
Thanks for this information, what a horrific time that poor #2 had.   So incredibly lucky  no one else got was hit. M
Absolutely horrifying turn of events. First Officer fought to the end
Why did they not ditch? Second to heading to the closest airport, that would have been the next best thing. I was an FA for 11 years and this was always our worst nightmare, especially on the CPT-MIA 15 hour flight over nothing but ocean.  My heart aches for them, but the captain and FO here should have known better than to think they could outrun a fire.
Did I miss it or did they not dump fuel to reduce weight?
Wow.  An amazing but very sad story. Those pilots were outstanding. Question:  Are there cockpit windows which might have been opened? Not sure if it would have helped..
This is why all pilots need to carry parachutes.
Why Dubai didn’t/couldn’t tune in the frequency of bahrain in order to talk to the 747 directly?
Pilots fear batteries.
THIS is BEST Video ever on the UPS 747 crash, very detailed! THANK YOU!!!
Maybe it's a stupid question,  but could these pilots have saved themselves by smashing one of the windshield windows?  With the vent in the ceiling, the ram air from a broken wind screen might have cleared the smoke
I find the detailed analysis of what happened in an airline accident very interesting.  I used to watch Mayday on the Discovery Channel.  I find your analysis and description 100 times better.  You provide so much more relevant information.  The production value is just as good.  It is amazing that you as a commercial airline pilot with no television production experience do a way better job than an established television network with 100s of trained professionals in that business.
Just to add a correction @ 5:03 MP incorrectly refers to the Persian Gulf as the Southern Arabian Gulf. For anybody interested, ancient geographers such as Strabo and Ptolemy also referred to this stretch of water as the Persian Gulf. However, in the 1960s due to the rise of nationalism states, some Arab’s began calling it Arabian Gulf with the hope and intent to alter the official name. So please MP, for future reference, use the correct name: Persian Gulf.
CAN YOU DO THE BRITISH AIRWAY FLIGHT THAT HAD TO ABORT LANDING AFTER THEY TOUCHED DOWN DUE TO HAD WEATHER. it happened two days ago. The tail rubbed the tarmac
all over some batterys. that makes it even more sad
@5:03 Sorry to stop by, but I had to make you correct on what you are referring to as "Southern Ara6ian Gulf"! It is NOT a "Southern Ara6ian Gulf" or "Ara6ian Gulf"... it's called "PERSIAN GULF" and nothing else... now if you like to call it "SOUTHERN ARA8IAN GULF" then I must insist you go and look it up and do a bit of homework 😉 for your next video.  Other than that, good video overall 👍
I have certification to handle Dangerus goods and during my training we got a very "lively" insight in how bad it can be and how fast a situation can develop
Can someone explain to me why you wouldn't just land the plane on water? As soon as the pilot got unresponsive and radar had to be relayed it seems incredibly hard to land the plane correctly. Wouldn't landing on water be a much easier option to execute, especially since it was a cargo flight (-> no passengers)? He was fairly close anyway and surviving that time with a life vest seems completely doable. The burning plane next to you in the water would probably keep you warm for a bit longer.
yeah, i mean why would you want a fire extinguishing system in a cargo hold that carries goods that might combust and start a fire. that would just be balmy.
question  do u think they will survive if they straight go to bahrain airport?
I would like you to cover the story of the Germanwings 9525 flight. Love your videos! Greetings from Germany!
I think it's not only the trusses being bent, but I could also imagine that the cables itself just get lengthened due to thermal expansion. It's probably not making a difference if it's a few 10 °C more or less, but if they are heated up to a few hundred degrees C, they will probably lengthen considerably.
I couldn't help but notice, even though the map used in your video, describes it as "Persian Gulf", yet it is referred by you as arabian gulf; why is that?
Would it have been possible to open the cockpit windows to clear the smoke since the  cabin was depressurized? Would have been windy as hell but at least they would have been able to see.
Chilling, daunting, horrific set of events these poor pilots went through with deadly black smoke in the cockpit and loss of primary controls. But what was the issue of the faulting PAC 1 system that kept popping up?
Hey guys, I was thinking the other day and I really have no idea about how or on what purpose does the autopilot decides if it wants to turn left or right? I'd really appreciate if someone could help me out on this.
This is definitely the most heartbreaking and difficult to watch video on Mentour's channels, however, it is clearly an accident that is filled with very important lessons for fire safety in aviation.
Wow. Scary. Very welll described
For ALL the talk of "flying being the safest mode of travel".. and the Queen of the Skies being in service for soooo many decades.. .. ... it feels surreal for 21st century technologies, featutes to not be there in modern aircraft or retrofits too. Like I never understand.. why when satellite pings anyway happen with the airship and the company... then why CVR data needs to be lost when overwritten or damaged. And how come no controls without the autopilot too have a redundancy that bypasses the mechanical systems running from nose to tail. And have some internal radio type or electrpnic communications directly between cockpit and the mechanical parts in tail. . And the shippers/Chinese not being held accountable?
is there actually any way for the pilot of a cargo aircraft to personally verify what their cargo consists of? I mean if the people loading the cargo are assholes or are being paid backstage somehow they could put anything on and there's no way for the pilot to know if it's dangerous or properly secured or anything like that.
Damn!  The visual effects and details on these videos... super great!!
Do these aircraft have any sort of sensors that watch the tension on the cables of controls? If not, I feel they should incorporate some sort of system that monitors it, some how, and sends a message to the flight crew to use autopilot controls, or at that point, some sort of backup electronic system to control flight surfaces.    I'm just an enthusiast making this comment, so any professionals reading this, please feel free to correct me or inform me.  I javelin a feeling airbus has a different approach to this scenario.
I can't understand why this 747  cargo did not have fire extinguishers and no Masks or  backpak oxigen tanks in the cockpit so the crew can move around in smoke when there's a fire or another emergency ??! What a tragedy two well trained crew members dead and Millions of dolars up in smoke because the crew didn't have simple tools to survive.
It's even harder to listen to having worked for UPS. I've met aircrew before. I've had drivers package cars catch fire(thank God no injuries) because of flukes or malicious packages. But to be completely blind and alone like that. I can't imagine
One of your best videos, but HORRIFYING. I'm ex police and was able to save a child from inside a house fire. BARELY. 75,000 candlepower flashlight was worthless in the face of the blinding smoke, which made you involuntarily close your eyes. No breathing. Smoke is the killer in like 99% of fires. Flight simmer all my life and this was tough for me to watch.... like I was stretching my brain to try and suppose what they could have done different. Great video though, thoughtful/respectful comments and great community!
Wow another amazing video Petr, i learn something from every one of your videos
Let me explain why it is unrealistic to not have batteries in the luggage. They are forbidden aboard as they are liquid filled, they are not allowed in the luggage, so where are we to put them? Honestly I think people put them wherever they can, just because there is no dedicated battery locker on the flights.
There are so many smaller devices today with batteries in them: hair trimmer, cell phones, tablets, videogame systems, music players, headphones, toys... carrying all that in the carry-on luggage is not possible, especially considering that they force people to check in carry on luggage at the gate when the flight is full.
Could he not just open a Window? I've seen pilots waving out windows a few times, if hes aircraft have had one and he opened it, it should overpressurise the cockpit and stop the smoke from comeing in. Probably this isn't possible midflight, im not into flying but if he reduced speed probably? I find it unbelieveable unlucky, that the air system of the more experienced crewmember on this flight went off. Sad story.
All the more reason to implement civilian airliner HUD helmets. With those, you always have infinite visibility. And they're not even particularly expensive, a bunch of companies make consumer VR goggles for just $300, and even the high end ones are usually under $1000. So they're not hard to make, it's only a question of FAA certification.
For those of us involved in model aviation, we have used Lithium batteries almost from their first introduction to the commercial market.  Many of us have seen first hand what can happen when these batteries go into Thermal Runaway.  Given the sheer numbers of these cells that were being dense packed and shipped on pallets, the fact this accident happened is not a surprise.  The real surprise is that it didn't happen much sooner.  Lithium Polymer cells are particularly at risk of a case rupture and fire with even relatively minor external damage.  What is even more unbelievable is that even after this fire and crash, Boeing put these batteries in the Dream Liner with the equally predictable results.  Boeing's after the fact solution?  Build a steel case fire place with a chimney and put the batteries in it!  It's so sad so many regulations have to be literally written in blood.
Have you ever done a video on delta flight 191 that crashed at dfw international in 1985?
All your presentations are excellent.  Have you done one on AF447, or has this one been analyzed enough (just listen to the cockpit conversation)?
I would implement sound guidance for some instruments' input too.
You can eliminate lithium battery fire risk by discharging the battery. That's because the battery is a self-contained fuel cell, with fuel and oxidizer sealed inside. At 100% charge, they're fully separated and the chemical potential is the greatest. At 0% charge, they're fully reacted so it has no chemical potential and cannot ignite at all. It's like setting fire to a brick of coal vs a brick of ash.
Fantastic Video as Always! Thank You, Mentour!!
there is no reason to ship batteries by air freight in the first place.
From watching a few fire related accidents surely the first hint of fire should require an immediate emergency landing at any nearest airfield
Where was the exits in relation to the fire? Even if he was successful in landing would he been able to get out of the plane through the fire? It seems to me he was trapped in the cockpit and would have died no matter what.
It was so very stressful to watch this. Very hearth breaking.
I was wondering this a lot: what about the hand-luggage that now is so often being put in the cargo part, when there are too many trolleys on board? It doesn't seem to me that it is being checked, beside giving some reminders to the passengers to take out any battery-operated-items. What should a passenger do if they get an info that somebody didn't take out their laptop from a bag? Tell the FA? What the procedure would be in such case if you are already up in the air?
I get a real sense of compassion in your videos for the pilots.   I think the compendium of readily accessible and engaging accident explanations may make a real contribution to improving aviation safety.
That poor man must have been terrified. Another amazing but very sad vlog.
bad crm, stupid cpt - who did not flown enough on cessnas in his previous life. best action - motorical actions to drop on FO and manage all other necessary things that u know better in order to make things quicker and easier. donkey ass.
Such a horrific story, the helplessness and incapacitation due to thick black smoke inside the cockpit has got to be the worst case scenario for a pilot. I cannot imagine anything scarier than not being able to see AND breathe at the same time... 😟 There has been a case of pilots not being able to breathe (Helios 522, also very tragic and sad) but not also being able to see your own instruments in front of you... can't even imagine the fear. 😣  As far as EVAS system is concerned, there won't be much benefit from it unless oxygen supply to pilots' masks is absolutely bulletproof. Had it been in this case, both captain and first officer might have managed to land this plane together. Personally, I believe making the cockpit a separate airtight compartment would probably be much more effective. Also, at least for me, it really hammered the point of having to land IMMEDIATELY at the nearest available airport as soon as you have a fire alarm that you can't confirm is false.
Seems to me that a simple hand valve plumbed to a fresh air intake port on the nose of the aircraft would of forced the smoke out of the cabin and allowed clean fresh air into it?,......why such a simple solution is not standard equipment on a cargo jet is just plain stupid!!!
Man, that was a bad one. This crew got dealt a terrible hand, and unfortunately they couldn't find their way out of it. I'm good at keeping calm under pressure, but i never felt pressure even remotely close to this.
I have heard of this accident before but you explained it better . Thank you
What counts as a "controlled in-flight fire"? Samosas?
It's too bad that one plane in the area couldn't be on both Dubai's freq and the freq they were contacting 747 on and have a more instantaneous instructions.    Better yet, someone in ATC in Dubai changing their freq.  I imagine there's a bit to that, but geeze.
I've wondered for many years why there was sudden emphasis on batteries, what to take and where they can be stored, where previously there were none. I knew there must have been some incident to justify it, but I never could have imagined an incident this visceral and scary.
How strong is the cockpit door and how it operates?
I wish they would show this video at airports.
I check in bags and the amount of ppl who try and smuggle in lithium batteries drives me crazy. Same with ppl who don't even know!!
Interesting🤔 vid📸. Why didnt the plane emergency land🛬 at 🇶🇦Doha🌇 instead of turning back to 🇦🇪Dubai🌇?
once i read a story about a passenger flight in the interwar period (constellation i think). the captain was able to jettison the baggage in order to stay airborne. if the 747 freighter had its door on the stern( a la c130) , that would be possible today. also, i think its easy to see batteries on the x-ray ( don't tell me that freight is not checked).
I don’t understand why not Dubai couldn’t dial in the Bahrain frequency to help this pilot survive. Even the handheld radio my have worked better than this outcome.
Thanks for your great videos, but in this one, you had a mistake. It calls Persian gulf not Arabian gulf...
Why fly with li batterys buy them there
Hello, you say at 05:04 the Arabian Gulf, while the Persian Gulf is written on the map.  What is correct?
It always baffles me why companies don't invest a bit of cash in internal CCTV cameras or heat detectors. Jesus.
This was a horrifying situation
So crushingly sad, those poor pilots quickly worked out that they weren't going to make it but tried their hardest to get the aircraft down. I  also remember watching the Air Crash Investigation episode and hoping for the best. Thank you for the excellent video,  covered factually and compassionately.
Not trying to be critical.  There is no mention that the reason for not allowing Li-po batteries in the cargo holds is the delayed reaction time in case of self-combusting.The delay is greatly reduced when the battery are stored within close proximity such as the over head compartment. Seeing smoke/fire from an overhead can give a specific target to extinguish the source.
A few years ago I was at Bejing airport and wasn't sure If I have to put the lithium Ion batteries for my Camera in my baggage or hand luggage. They told me I can put them in my check in baggage which I did. So even airport personal doesn't seem to know this always.
Mentour Pilot have you examined and recorded anything on Flight Helios 522?
I just cannot imagine what the First Officer was thinking and feeling under the horrific conditions which he was trying to fly the Plane..
You’re storytelling is remarkable. I could almost feel like I was in the cockpit. This was an incredibly tragic accident, YES, they all are, but knowing how the FO fought to try to save the aircraft was both heroic and heartbreaking. Thank you Sir. The book you’re reading “The Art of Storytelling”  is really paying off.
Watching these is so stressful...like you know it has a bad ending but still as i am watching i keep on hoping that the pilot flying somehow manages to bring the airplane down safely until the very end :(
It makes sense to keep the aircraft at a higher altitude as the air is less dense to fuel the fire.
It's a shame that the 747 doesn't have cockpit windows that can open. I wonder if that could've worked to try and bring in clean air.
Eventhough the first officer did his best i still find the decision to return to dubai the worst.
What sadness! You are the best aviation content creator, anyway. Absolutely excellent!
1. Any advantage of having ditched the aircraft 2. Is oxygen still generated by chemical reaction? If so, that reaction is exothermic. It wouldn't work (at least 100% effectively) in a heated environment.
Mentour Pilot > Air Crash Investigation
What about our mobile phones?
I didn't know about this accident. When I started the video, I thought it would be just an incident case. How sad to imagine those final moments. My condolences to the pilots and, again, congrats to your great job; your videos are really really amazing!
Hi mentour? I am one of your  viewer and actually I have a request for you to cover Kenya Airways flight 431 accident,  I'll appreciate so much
You confuse your singular and plural verb conjugations and noun agreement. Only telling you because you seem like a perfectionist.
I worked for UPS for 43 years as a tractor trailer driver. I used to run to JFK, Newark and Philadelphia air ports. Be for 911 we used to be able to sit in the captain's chairs in the 747`s and hang out in the pilots' lounges. Was very cool. I wish I had taken some pictures, but this was before cell phone cameras. I remember when this happened. It was a sad day at UPS to say the least. As usual with all your videos are well done and very well explained. My daughter is currently in college learning to be a commercial airline pilot. Keep up the great work as I really enjoy the videos. I retired three years ago.
Can you please cover swissair 111 next?
I have seen in some airplanes that the glass windshield in front of the pilots, can be opened from inside, was that a possibility in this airplane, why they didn't do it... what could have happened in that case, did anybody thought about... open the window to let the smoke clear ??
As long as the airline companies con'tinue to make carry on so unreasonably restrictive in pretty much all cases, you're g oing to have people packing lithium batteries.  There are restrictions on how many one may carry into cabin, and going by capacity regulations in numerous cases, some powerbanks aren't even allowed.  So good luck with that request.  It's actually not an unreasonable one, but the airlines are so unreasonable with convoluted regullations on them, so people will throw them in the checked in luggage.
Any opinion on if he would have pulled this off and landed if he was able to set Zero Nine Five?
With the new tech now days - why can’t there be voice commands for controls?  Change radio frequency, reduce thrust, etc.
Why dont cargo liner pilots have parachutes? propably impossible to get out of the plane in flight?
1. Why they did not try to restart PACK 1 again? Especially when they aw the smoke and should understand that they do not have pressure in the cabin. 2. Why Dubai airport could not use Bahrain frequency to communicate to UPS 6 during his tries to land to Dubai?
Thank you for your videos, they are most informative and interesting. Keep up the great work
thank you for these videos. Massive fan.
This was a difficult one to listen to. The list of failures that were occurring in the flight systems as time progressed... As was mentioned, can't begin to imagine the stress levels involved.
Any chance you could do quickie option versions your videos ¿?
Wow vilket otäckt och spännande avsnitt. Tack Petter!
dear God...
Some planes have an emergency escape plan that lets the pilot open a window, does this plane have this feature?  If not, why not smash a side window? The plane wasn't presurized and a side window would have still let him fly.
🤔 In emergency the logical decision was to land to Doha than Dubai which was 80 miles farther.
I would also add an advice for charging before a flight. Do not charge your batteries in devices or powerbanks full. Probability of fire is greatly reduced if you are at 80% vs 100%. For powerbanks or spare batteries (like for drones) I would even go lower, like 30-70% depending (70% if you need to use during flight,  30-40% if not). And freight cargo I suppose they did follow standard of 40% charge for storage (or maybe there was a mistake and it was higher) but probably if it was charged to only 10% fire would not broke out. Problem is if LiIon discharge to very low levels they should be charged with lower currents and if they are in packs individual cells can go negatif and they either should be disposed or charging circuitry will consider them unsafe (both cases a problem).
Such a horrifying event, despite what the pilot was able to do. All kudos to him for prolonging flight until the plane was over unpopulated areas.
(1) In this particular set of circumstances, did wherewithal exist for another a/c to join on the disabled plane & try to guide/talk it down?  (2) Surely the situation described would agitate &/or disorient anyone (special bravo to this 1st officer for maintaining cool in extremis). Because it's clear that sudden/unexpected/extraordinary/dire circumstances can & do occur, are flight crews given special training in mental/psychological readiness for such circumstances? (If so, would you please describe the type & extent of such training, & how often updates are provided.) Thank you for these wonderful programs!
In emergencies why don't the control towers use the frequency of the plane? Why couldn't Dubai just receive and broadcast on the Bharain frequency?
Approximately twenty years ago, I saw an article on TV in which a transparent inflatable cube had been prototyped to do exactly this. If I remember correctly, it was about eighteen inches along each dimension and I think it had to be manually manoeuvred into position just forward of the yoke. The flight deck crew would need to lean slightly forward and touch their face mask against it. This accident reminds me of Flight 592 into the Everglades. An episode of the 1998 series DISASTER detailed how Mary Schiavo had been watching ValuJet very closely for some time. As I recall, she had wanted the airline grounded but the FAA saw fit that ValuJet keep flying. A string of broken rules caused great loss of life. It would seem fitting to see Flight 592 given a place on this channel; both as a tribute to the passengers who trusted a budget airline, and as a salute to an Inspector who fought 'the system' so hard in her attempt to increase air safety in the US.
opeanble wiindows or hatches opening sto get rid of smoke. why on earht not .  back hatch on plane to dump cargo or not even a hatch just a weak point in fuselage then relese pallet holder and go from slow to fast and climb much so pall slide back and out  . tool to break window and parachute and dump plane in oceaN but can they get out cos of airpseed speed, could window open out on side  to make shelter from that . or special escape hatch. air will hit them too hard on exit...protective cover made from seat material or inside panels designed for that . chute in seat or. could whole cockpit be design to be escape pod or two three seperate ones for each pilot. with chute or , disengage from plane.
OMG 😢 couldn't imagine being in his shoes he fought to the end
mentour pilot I have a question why can not the copilot extinguish the fire in the rest area I am sure there would be a fire extinguisher in the cockpit. pls answer I know the question is kinda dumb but if the copilot go before the smoke come that would give them a little more time, also can they access the main cargo area when flying so when there is a fire alarm they can extinguish it early. Pls Answer
Excellent, as always. You know the “science of storytelling” very well!👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Poor people 😢
You used to be a fire fighter?
Great video! Just wondering why didn't they ditch the aircraft on the water?
I guess opening the cockpit windows even at low altitude/speed is not an option?
Definitely one of the hardest videos to watch, probably because Petter does such a good job of analyzing and explaining all the facts that led up to this tragedy. You have to admire the bravery of that First Officer, who never gave up. May the crew of UPS Flight 6 Rest In Peace.
If you have ever seen a lithium battery vent it's quite energetic, creating a jet of hot gases that can both cause fire and produce toxic gases. Thermal runaway with that many batteries would be too intense for fire suppression to extinguish completely. Terrifying situation, the ability to maintain high functioning is a quality that amazes with pilots.
Rest In Peace
This is one of the most heartwrenching stories. The poor first officer up there alone helpless but fighting to the end. As for the poor Captain sadly he was probably dead shortly after getting up from his chair. I look forward to Peter talking about Airport Fire Rescue and some of the complexities involved. It's kind of refreshing to find a pilot that actually has some experience there and understands it. Most I've found never quite grasp the purpose of that infamous ATC question "How much Fuel and How many souls on board?". It helps the Rescue response gage needs. Fuel gives them an idea of how much foam they will need. And will they need to call in external Fire resources for more? Souls on board gives them a heads up for EMS response. Yeah that pilot that goes "Yah, maybe you should tell them to bring an ambulance to" is kind of oddly amusing. Much like the Pilots in the Cockpit the Fire Rescue has their own series of protocols procedures preplans and prayers  that kick in once ATC initiates the call.  One thing that made me curious. Why don't pilot Oxygen masks use the full face mask similar to a firefighters SCBA mask? The Advantage with them is they put the wearers entire face in a positive pressure bubble so toxic smoke cannot reach their mouth nose or eyes. And they are certainly no more a hinderance to pilot vision or performance than the archaic and idiotic smoke goggles. They also let you talk better as they can mount the mic farther away from the mouth. Along the similar vein why don't cargo aircraft have a Halon system?
I have had an inflight cockpit fire (electrical in origin) in a small aircraft (C-150), and fortunately it happened while I was about 1000 feet above the ground, in a landing approach at an airfield.  An electrical short rapidly developed into a small ball of fire behind the instrument panel on the copilot side and the cockpit filled with dense black smoke in a matter of seconds, to the point that I could not see or breathe.  By opening the window on the pilot side in order to see to land and to be able to breathe fanned the flames, but cleared enough of the smoke.  I landed and escaped with only a bit of smoke inhalation and a slightly singed arm.  That incident/accident was not something I would wish on anyone, but fortunately it is an exceptionally rare thing to have happen.  The aircraft was destroyed.  The key thing in an aircraft fire, especially a cabin fire, is to get it on the ground as soon as possible and then get away from the aircraft quickly...  Very sad that the UPS crew died, but the first officer saved many lives with his actions - my definition of a hero for sure.
It's called the Persian Gulf.
When pilots and products are worth enough we'll just restrict all the oxygen with some inert gas or what's
Frigthening
It could not have been the same crew which started in Hong Kong bc of time limits placed on the crew.
Really sad.  This outstanding narrative brings up a few questions about firefighting, including the use of high altitude to try to starve a fire of oxygen.  With lithium batteries, unfortunately, a great deal of fire and smoke can be created with the energy that is stored in the battery chemistry.  LiIon and LiPo batteries cannot be fully discharged without damaging them, so they have to be shipped partly charged, and that chemical energy in a shorted battery will generate a lot of heat and smoke, with no oxygen and with not much effect from fire fighting chemicals.
Did the pilots have a chance if they made it to Bahrain instead of returning to Dubai?  Some accident experts I have read claim that the 80 fewer air miles and the direct communication to Bahrain, instead of having to use a clumsy relay, still would not have made any difference to the ultimate outcome.  Is that true?  Not trying to blame the pilots, but could the outcome have been any different if the airplane was diverted to Bahrain?
As a former fire fighter I can attest to the fact that your visibility is absolutely zero. I’ve never been in a burning aircraft,though I went to school for such incidents,I was in plenty of structure fires and you cannot see your hand even if you placed it flat against your face-mask.     Thanks for another well done,informative video.
So yes, a dumb question now perhaps but still a question..Doesnt 747s have sliding "windows" in the cockpit like the 737?  You know where I am going with this..
They would have saved their own lives if only they had tried doha.. We don't know the confident level of the captain by the time..
Hindsight, armchair flying, and all: In retrospect would it have helped had they gotten low and opened the top door? I realize the noise would made it impossible to radio but shiz was dire. "ATC, CARGO, opening top hatch. Won't hear com. Not asking permission. Landing without support. Any last advice please say now? ...[response]...  CARGO out."  How about wind at lowest no-stall knots? Doable?  The captain was already likely dead and I'm still trying to use instruments blind? Nah! Shiz was dire! 😢
I watched this video with interest for about 6 minutes, until you ignorantly mentioned the “Arabian Gulf”! Haven’t you ever read a history book or a geography book? There is no such thing as the Arabian Gulf!!!! There is an Arabian Sea, but the gulf is The Persian Gulf and has been since the Persian Empire! Get your facts right before you upload a video!
If he slowed down as much as possible with A/P on, could he have opened the side window to try and get the smoke out? I mean it will be noisy, super windy etc. but still better than suffocating and not seeing a thing.
Sad story, I'm sure it contributed to the reason why many batteries now have an auto discharge feature after few days, so they are shipped in discharged state.
I used to sell mobile phones at the time and shipping regulations changed massively from this. Before it, there was zero checks on lithium and sellers in China wouldn't declare them as such for tax reasons (service to buyers). In the months that followed there was a moratorium on air freight of lithium battery  containing devices and after the new rules came up we have to declare content and have extra fees for lithium. Might be some insurance, not sure. If I remember correctly, they also try to spread them out in the cargo as well. I remember orders being split on different planes. All in all I saw the change with my own eyes, it was swift and effective. People sometimes complain about it when boarding planes, but I always remember why it is so important. Great video.
Of the flight lost connection with bahrain on the frequency couldn't Dubai the switch their secondary channel to Bahraini frequency instead of using the relay system
I wonder why this and all aircraft don't have a way to get positive air pressure from the outside nose area.
So uh... how worried should I be when I bring my laptop on the plane? I never had a device catch on fire before, but I've heard stories about them. A lot of the times people try to fix it with water and the results in those cases always end in trips to the hospitals or the morgue.
What do you mean that the aircraft had no fire extinguishing system but it had a fire suppression system which is activated through the use of the non normal checklist? Also, would the use of the carbon dioxide extinguishing system used by chemical industries work here? If you just release gas into the cargohold, pressure will build up. However if there is a controlled release, the carbon dioxide can flush away the oxygen for a few minutes. Once the cardon dioxide runs out, the cargohold can be resealed in hopes of denying the fire oxygen (which would need the fire liner to be intact to work, but it helps with any other fire). On one hand, the industrial systems are heavy and cumbersome, so they might end up weighting more than the cargo, but I suspect a lot of the weight is not the containers storing the carbon dioxide, but the plumbling, after all handheld units aren't that heavy and I think if you had 3000 times the CO2 of a handheld unit, you'd have a decent chance of smothering out the entire cargo hold. Or maybe I'm wrong and such a system would be way too heavy to be practical.
I have a few comments, but I'll post them separately to keep things organized in case anyone replies. I thought there would be very little to learn about this tragedy other than maintaining good documentation of cargo. Even if the plane was technically flyable with the controls it had and even if what was stopping him from changing frequencies was a broken switch and not the first officer's inability to see, it seemed to me at first there was nothing that could be done once the cockpit was full of smoke. I was amazed that someone did come up with an innovation when you mentioned the EVAS.
I was routing for that pilot.  May he rest in peace
That is a horrifying story. I can’t imagine the terror that first officer felt once he was left alone.
That was a very touching episode...
I think cockpits should have a VR headset + mask to enable pilots visual control even in the presence of smoke... it can lead the pilot to know exactly where things on the control deck are and give him feedback on the system he engages. The idea of a blow up room to prevent smoke obstruction is kind of half-hearted really.
It’s worth noting that something like 95% of aviation Dangerous Goods incidents involve undeclared shipments, as was the case here. Aviation dispatchers and loaders have a highly responsible job and the regulations that govern their work are the product of tragedies like these.
I agree with many others, of all the accidents, this one is especially terrifying.  Despite skill, technology, nothing can save.  Like a slow in air explosion
Those poor pilots. My heart sunk and I was getting stressed just watching this. I couldn't image living through it. :(
This one is the most stressfull accidendt I've seen you cover. I pay my respects to the pilots and all the efforts put into trying to communicate with them. Thank you for telling their story.
This was an amazingly well done video. It’s tragic, but I guess this is how these things are avoided in th future.
i just found your channel, n i’m binge watching every video 🤣  i’m not a pilot,  i never intend to b a pilot,  i’m not a nervous flyer,  n i don’t even fly that frequently!! yet i find this channel so interesting n so informative. i drive a hgv in the UK, n i try to b as professional as i can be, although there is a huge difference between driving and flying i can see how i can use this information to help me in everyday life, the consequences are so much less but being professional n using ‘your’ attitude in my career i feel will benefit me n keep me (n others) safe. it’s great that people like you put this information out there, keep doing what you’re doing n give me a wave when you fly over the motorways of the UK !!  🚚💨💨💚🇬🇧🤠
Why did they not divert to Doha Qatar. Most close Airport to their Position. Clearly for me a Captains fault! If you have a fire on board you have to get your Plane down  as fast as you can on any Airport available according to the runway lenght. Otherwise you will come down but not the way you ment(our) to do it
As soon as he start to talk I'm like "this is a swede, I'm 100% sure!":p
Your recounting a situation that ends in tragedy is, no doubt, also devastating to you.  Your skill of doing this is, in my opinion, is superior to any other attempt by someone else,…in so many ways.  I don’t revel in tragedy, but in learning the why/how did it happen, and what can and will be done to prevent a reoccurrence.
seems to me the cable controls  were not fully  considered under fire conditions in design and manufacturing , considering the fire suppression  was minimal in design  grossly minimal you would want overhead placement back to the wing for the control cables, making the design more costly as it would have more pully points and so on, But if the yoke and primary controls had a manual override that gave you electrical input to fight controls using the auto pilot data lines but overriding the auto pilot its self  he could have had the same control as the auto pilot did but that would have cost a little more to build, those electrical inputs would just be simple encoders
you can correct me but the very quick decission to return goes back to Swiss 111.. since then procedures have changed  to the first thing on a fire alarm is to  set course for the nearest aiport, start an ( emergency) descent  and then deal with other things... because since this day it is discussed if the outcome of Swiss 111 would have been different if the crew had started to divert right away
My first thought. Lithium.  But its not allowed to blame the Lithium batteries today . The wet dreams to the electrifacion of cars ships and even aircrafts fanatics is behind with help from the MSM.
This is one of the saddest accidents I've ever seen.💔
Hi there:-) Liked your report on the accident. Just to let you know that the QRH checklist and procedure was changed after this accident. The statement to maintain FL250 up to 75NM from the RWY was not mentioned in the checklist . It was only changed after this horrible crash 😢 Until then there was no guidance on what altitude should be maintained.
People don't think about it much, but cargo flying can be extremely dangerous specifically because of the cargo. As a cargo pilot, you know that all it takes to threaten your life is someone mispacking or mislabeling something intentionally or otherwise. Alpine Air recently had a pilot almost succumb to CO2 poisoning pout of the airport I work at because the aircraft was overloaded with dry ice. In the event of a fire there's no cabin crew to try and contain it, you just have to get on the ground before it kills you.  This is an excellent presentation on this specific accident and does a great job of explaining the barriers faced by pilots. You would think with the lack of fire suppression systems in the main cargo bay of many freighters, regulators would require portable firefighting equipment and crew training on extinguishing in flight fires as they require for flight attendants on passenger aircraft. If the FAs can be expected to fire axe the ceiling open looking for electrical gremlins to hose down with a hand extinguisher, why can the FO not at least check and see if it's viable to do the same? Of course, in this case he'd need special extinguishing equipment, so perhaps it's a moot point. I am surprised that emergency air inerting systems are not more common (after all, they already exist on many aircraft for the fuel tanks).
A pilot “must” know it is Persian Gulf not Arab gulf, except those who are paid to say that.
One time I had a portable charger in my suitcase and was checking in for a flight. Somehow they detected it and asked me to take it out and keep it with me. Maybe it was in reaction to this accident? These batteries are generally safe.. but yeah, sometimes things can go wrong. Remember Galaxy Note 7? :p Plus the danger is greatly amplified when you have a lot of batteries packed together. About this actual accident... it seems that a big factor was pack 1 turning off; if it was still on, it would have likely saved them from the smoke? Did they ever figure out why it kept malfunctioning? Was there any improvement work done to this system after the final report? And perhaps pilot training (or at least checklist items) to make them aware of the importance of controlling pressurization in case of smoke?
Excellent video 💖💖💖💖💖
So youre a amazing pilot, line trainer and have lots of flying experience AND you were a airport firefighter? What else have you been!!! A doctor???
I took an interest in transportation accidents and their outcome for a long time now, but this one is terrifying... I geniuenly felt bad for the pilots
I've been in a smoke simulator at Gatwick before and it's scary. Can't even see the seat right next to you, and barely the emergency lighting. This is a very scary way to go.
In an emergency like that couldn't someone at the Dubai air traffic control have gotten on the frequency the pilot was using instead of continuing to relay through other aircraft?  It just seems like that is one point of friction that could have been minimized to make things easier on the pilots.
Please do a presentation on SAA Flight 295 Reg No ZS-SAS 28 Nov 1987. 747 200 Combi
This is probably a naive, if not stupid question:  Couldn't the Dubai tower set up one radio on the frequency of the airplane, or at least somehow talked directly to the relay airplane, instead of doing this multistage relay?  I understand that for regular operations it is important that every airport has its own airspace and frequency, but given that these were (hopefully) very rare circumstances, wouldn't some exception have been possible to facilitate better communications?
What about the contents of containers? Shouldn’t there be a rule that says a freight airline will not accept any containers unless they know exactly what’s in them? It seems these two pilots died unnecessarily, just because someone didn’t state what was in the containers.
Maybe the crew would make it if the captain had choose to go to the nearest airport, instead of going back. I think that was a huge mistake. And I don't know how much it would have helped with equipment that puts out fire, because it is almost impossible to stop a fire in Lithiumbatteries, because they produce its own oxygen.  And i hate to think of what can happend on ferries, now that electric cars are more and more common.  A fire in a Tesla or electric truck (in the future) in open sea can be a disaster.......
Just had a roundtrip to Atlanta and back this past weekend. As a vape consumer I urge anyone who uses these types of batteries to hold your personal responsibility at the highest of standards. They are nice enough to permit these potentially deadly items onto airplanes, therefore you need to triple check you are doing the right thing and transporting them in the safest method possible. Many many lives rely on you not dropping the ball on this one…
Why didn't Dubai immediately tune a vhf set to the frequency of the aircraft operating or even emergency 🤔
I saw this on the Flight Channel as well, though I think the way you mapped out how bad/long the relay was for messages was better. It just added another underscore to how much the co-pilot was going through just to get himself back as far as he did.   I honestly don't think I would have been half as calm as he was.
I hope whoever put non-declared batteries in the air cargo got fined so hard they're living under a bridge.
I am glad there were no relief crew in the rest cabin, as this was an unsurvivable event.  I think there is still confusion on what is allowed in check baggage.  I believe unremoveable LiOn batteries in equipement are allowed.  Nice job on this video, very respectful of the crew.
You mean Persian Gulf ,, that is historical and official name 😉
This story is so horrible. I know in most cases this would be a really horrible idea, but would it be possible to smash the glass of the cockpit to get airflow to push the smoke out of the cockpit? I assume you'd need some kind of hard point tool (like breaking car glass underwater) but since you're already on oxygen and headed down into atmospheric oxygen levels that wouldn't kill you. I know it's not something you'd ever want to do (glass shards being blown for one), but theoretically is it possible?
I find it incredible that communications relay was the only option. There should be procedures in place for the relay aircraft to inform ATC of the frequency they are using to communicate with the damaged aircraft in an emergency situation. This would allow ATC within range to change frequency to match the the aircraft requiring assistance. Direct communication would have reduced the time delay in passing information via the relay and could have had a significant effect on the outcome of this tragic series of events leading to total loss of aircraft and crew.
I wonder why this flight inspired visual aids for cockpit smoke, but prior accidents didn’t. Maybe this flight could have been saved?  This accident is very similar to the 1998 crash of Swissair Flight 111. HB-IWF was the worst MD-11 crash recorded and was the result of smoke and a fire in the cockpit. I was just a kid but still remember it was all the news for a very long time.
Excellent job with the descriptive nature of this unfortunate accident. This accident exemplifies one of the worst things that can happen in a commercial jet, an inflight fire. Having gone through UPS training as an instructor, UPS has a very specific procedure now for this situation post this accident. It is trained for in one of their Maneuvers Training (MT) lessons of AQP. This is one accident that particularly leaves a sick feeling in the pit of any pilots stomach, horrible, let's hope it never repeats...
The pilots especially the FO never gave up till the very last second. Mad respect 🖖 and RIP sirs 🥺❤
I'm surprised how come a pilot wouldn't know the name of Persian Gulf!!
It seems every time there is an important safety innovation someone has to die.
I often wonder after hearing stories of things going wrong outside of the view of the pilots if you would want cameras to be looking at certain things - cargo holds, engines, the wings, tail, etc. So if you realise something is wrong you can spool through the various cameras on a screen and see if there's something wrong. That would at least clue you into the problems you're going to encounter and hopefully deal with them quickly. Would you like that? With today's video capability, it wouldn't be a major expense for any airline.  I can't believe that there is no fire suppression/extinguisher system, particularly in a cargo plane.   Those poor guys, especially the FO, I think that must have been the worst possible case beyond knowing that you're going to crash no matter what. 😞
Shame there wasn't  a cockpit air purge valve that could have been activated.  Something very simple like a tube to somewhere forward of the cockpit that would permit pressurized air off the skin of skin of the aircraft to flush the cockpit. It would really be simple to control the airflow with a shutter system. This tl me would be much simpler than the tunnel they came up with, which admittedly is a workable solution.
This is very similar to flight SA 295 in the 80's. That was also a Boeing 747, but a Combi version. South African Airways.  Some unspecified cargo was loaded in Taipei, caught fire, and the aircraft crashed into the ocean near Mauritius. Everyone on board was killed 200 + souls.  A friend of mine was a flight attendant on that aircraft.  Please do a video about that flight Petter.  Cheers from South Africa. ❤
oh damn, about that exact flight i had a talk with our FeDex representative the other day. dem Lithium Batteries are nasty to carry in a plane. we send them via FeDex, but we always make sure they are between 10 and 20% charge, never more, never less as it helps to minimize the risk of this scenario.
Who goes an extra 80 miles with an active fire alarm? Bad call.
GOD this is literally a nightmare situation
its sad cuz they cud hv made it to Doha safely , accounting for the U turn wud hv been half the time to doha . Doha has had a long enough runway too (even in 2010)... would have had some leavey.
I love watching all your videos but I cannot bring myself to watch this one.  I actually watched a documentary on this crash on a show called Airplane Disasters.  It was and is absolutely heartbreaking to hear how the first officer never gave up and kept trying to land his plane....absolutely heartbreaking.
He really should have gone to doha, to me the decision to pick an airport that's further away doesn't make sense
Was anything implemented to ensure that pilots are able to reach supplemental oxygen without removing their masks/goggles?
Wow 🤦🏾‍♂😔
Amazing video ! 🙌🙌  Can you please do a video about the air disaster that happened in Madeira Island ?
i have watched so many plane crash videos, over time i have become jaded to the horrors of it all. but this one really got to me. the first officer did absolutely *everything* he could. i cannot even imagine being under that level of stress and he managed to fly a plane through those conditions for so long. thank you for the amazing video <3 i will be thinking of those two pilots today...
Engineers made a lot to isolate pilots from cargo area - they made isolated pressure systems, they made a vent door for cargo area to "suffocate" fire, they added dedicated smoke removal vent to the cabin to suck out smoke when cabin is pressurized. But one switch that turned off cabin pressure system ruined all the efforts, to me it was turned off by mistake in a hurry or something like that.  Some ideas that came to my mind: 1) turning something off (like cabin pressure system) should get more attention, maybe some additional action should be required, like turning Reverse in many car transmissions requires you to pay more attention; 2) I don't know, maybe that there is a sound system that beeps on every turn of nobs, like heading selector, it would slightly help when you see nothing. In school when there was no touchscreens we could write an SMS under the table by knowing what letter we needed and how many clicks we needed to get this letter. 3) Special smoke mode. don't know whether it would help or whether it possible to implement but several times more light for instruments in cabin also might be helpful, like the rear fog lights in cars, which are very bright (at clear night they can blind a car behind) and allowed to be turned on only in fog.  It should be big weird-shaped button (to easily recognize by touch in darkness) that lights everything in cabin like a Christmas tree.
No matter how many times I hear about this incident it manages to wrench my heart.
Hey Mentor can you please share your thoughts and opinion on Charkhi Dadri mid air collision
1. Fire should not affect controls.  2. There should be an option to drop cargo in an emergency. 3. There should be infrared video cameras in the cargo hold. 4. There should be an option to control the plane using voice commands. 5. There should be an option to receive voice feedback from the instruments.
wow
I'd like to see your take on the 2010 crash where the Polish president was killed.
How about ban lithium batteries in bulk shipment on Aircraft. Is it really that important?
Neighbor's house caught fire and it's not like in the movies. Black, black, black smoke. You don't believe how black it is until you actually see it.
I Remember this, I was about 15km away from the impact point, so sad for the loss of life but this could have a lot worse. Always remember the 15 min rule. They did their best in a very bad situation. lessons learned so others may have a chance in the future. Rest in Peace Gentleman
So the pack 1 malfunction was the key moment. Would it be OK, that flight might end well in Dubai.
Thank you for the great report on a God-awful situation. Awful, awful, awful !!!
Why no Halon system onboard these craft?
I honestly had no idea that batteries would be so dangerous on planes, depending on where in the plane they are. Well, now that I know, I'm certainly keeping that in mind for the future. Thanks!
Lithium is likely to ignite when in contact with air. So these batteries must be sealed which they are in manufacture. So as a passenger, best advice is not carry any batteries at all until you arrive to destination and just restock. Surely airlines would check cargo for any infringements of policy like this, but makes you wonder if luggage is even checked at all!
ZOMG!  That's a horrible way to go.  The flight deck crew did nothing wrong.  It was completely a fire suppression issue of the cargo area of the aircraft.  The smoke from the cargo fire caused the crew to lose control of the aircraft.  A similar thing could hypothetically cause an accident on the ground.  Any type of fire on any vehicle is deadly.  Your commentary on it being a former firefighter added to how horrible and difficult of a situation this was.  It also explains why there are hazmat stickers on the boxes of devices I receive and ship that have lithium batteries.  Even a tiny rechargeable ear bud can cause a fire in the passenger area of a flight.  I will make sure to police any rechargeable item I bring onboard an aircraft and never have it in my checked baggage.    I'm going on an international flight in the not so near future for medical reasons from the USA to Switzerland.  I will make sure that all of my rechargeable electronics are accounted for when I deplane.  I don't want a lost rechargeable ear bud to be the cause of an airplane fire and potential loss of life.
You've worked as an airport fireman and as a pilot. Not many people can say that I think!
22:45 Why not other airplanes help directly by telling where to fly, like helping blind person?
The first officer could have opened his side window when he was at lower altitude. I'm pretty sure that would have helped but I understand he was under enormous pressure and he still did a great job.
Lithium batteries are so fucking scarry, I am constantly scared that my phone will pop while I sleep and burn me alive.
These poor pilots. RIP x
Turly horrible accident - horrible situation that they ended up in, truly absolutely horrendous, such good airmanship in zero visability, truly heroic effort and so close to getting into an ILS approach.... poor guy.....What can be learnt? Not alot really he tried so hard - treat any fire as an absolute emergency immediately which they did, I can understand the desire to return but it probably would have made more sense to go to Bahrain if it was ahead and closer, the only other thing to do would be to put he plane down in the sea whilst still able to see but again hard to make that decision without the perspective of retrospect and no guarantee it would have ended well. EVAS is a good idea but so manyh people have had trouble using their oxygen masks when needed for real - it looks like a more complex system I hope it works when needed. Perhaps the positioning of the supplementary oxygen in the cockpit needs to be looked at too. One other thing to be aware of is that if you try and breathe in a hypoxic environment it will actively suck oxygen out of your bloodstream and you will pass out extremely quickly (an example is some people who have tried to breath helium to get a squeaky voice - you  can do this with "balloon helium" which is actually 20% oxygen, but try it with 100% helium and you'll pass out). RIP
pls do swissair 111
I don’t understand why Dubai didn’t call them by VHF using Bahrain Frequency
Poor bastards!!! Would have been insanity!!!
I was, and still am living in Dubai when this accident happened. My heart goes out to the families to the crew who lost their lives in this incident.
It's amazing how one incident not only caused major design regulations to be put in place but effectively halted improvements in mobile device design, this of course most clearly seen in laptops as one is hard pressed to find anything past a "thin and light" laptop.
@MentourPilot I would like to see a video on EL AL 1862
Why do we still have physical check lists and not verbal prompts like Siri technology
Luckily no one was injured
wow , that was scary
i..... yeah. the Episode Mayday did on this incident emotionally destoryed me the first time i watched it. there's a lot of stupid/useless things that airport security obsesses over- Batteries and liquids are the big two that have a very good reason to be banned/heavily restricted,and its...bad, i think, that the majority of people think they're just more security theater when.....
Tragic accident. The pilots fought till they could no more.
1. If the batteries were declared as dangerous cargo, would they have been put in the aft cargo hold? It sounds like that would have greatly reduced the risk of smoke in the cockpit, protected the manual controls, and maybe even prevented or reduced the impact of the error with the pressurization system.  2. Is it possible to perform a water landing with that much smoke in the cockpit? And with the impaired manual controls? Or using the autopilot controls? The advantage would be that you don't need to know where the runway is, since the whole sea is your landing zone.  3. What else could you do as the relay aircraft? I'm thinking turn around, follow UPS 6, try to acquire them visually or on radar, and give them guidance directly (as we saw at the end).
I was watching your amazing video when suddenly heard an unexpected mistake from a knowledge pilot like you! Did you just say Arabian Gulf?! You know that this is a purposefully disseminated geographical error that serves special political aims. If you see the very map that you show in the video, the correct name is written as the Persian gulf. Hope this makes sense.
First officer would b happy that it finally got over
Thank you Peter for another excellent video. I wonder if anybody tried to go to Doha instead of Dubai at simulator? Would it make a different outcome?
I'd nosedive that sob into the ground before I melted to death !
Question: Why did the tower not change frequency so they could communicate with the emergency Aircraft?
How helpless must the other pilot would felt. One who was relying the msgs to doomed plane Sad
A very sad story 😞. Questions: 1. How do you extinguish lithium fires? 2. Why there is no  "sulfur hexa fluoride" or "halon" gas system installed for the cargo areas in case of fire emergencies? 3. Wouldn´t it be possible to install LCD systems that project the most important flight data onto the oxyfen mask´s visor (like in "enhanced reality" equipment)?   4. Couldn´t little oxygen bottles (like 3 l at 150 bar) be installed separately at the pilot`s and copilot`s seat, that if the main oxygen-support-system doesn´t work, that they could switch/attach manually to their mask. 5. Why there is no override in the radio-control, that e.g. Dubai take over from Bahrain on the same frequency when there are obvious radiocontact problems? Another topic: Could you make a video on the medical apparatus and first-aid-kit contents that are aboard any civil aircraft and how to use them?
I'm curious, does the ATC can change the radio frequency (to match the frequency which UPS flight 6 was using during descend)? And also if aircraft is depressurized is it possible to open cockpit sliding window? (maybe it would help to reduce smoke quantity in cockpit)
I don't understand why they didn't continue to Bahrain. That doesn't make any sense to me.
Stupid question, no posible go in the minimun speed and open the window?
On September 3rd 2010, I witnessed the crash of an UPS B747 in Dubai. This tragic aviation event that is well documented in the video.  The sun had set about an hour earlier, when a UPS cargo B747-400 airliner, crashed at 19.42h just outside Silicon Oasis, the place I had been living at for a number of years.   I can vividly remember how an aircraft came over the top of my house at barely a few hundred feet while I was reading something in the living room just after dinner. The noise was clearly not that of a typical airliner overflying the house. With idle thrust, the majority was all airframe noise. Very unusual.   The next second I found myself standing in my front door opening, witnessing a large 4 engine airliner flying away from me in a straight line, to crash and burst into flames just moments later.   It looks like that the final reaction for FO Bell to disconnect the AP to reduce the rate of descent less than a minute before impact, was the one thing that saved my own and many others lifes in the neighbourhood. We will never know if this was done to avoid the large residential area, nor does it really matter.  Captain Doug Lampe and First-Officer Matthew Bell, even though we never met, you will always be remembered by the Dubai Silicon Oasis pilot community at the time. No September 3rd passes without thinking about you both. RIP fellow Aviators.
@MentourPilot this is probably going to seem quite ignorant but why did they not initiate an emergency descent and try and ditch the plane in the water? Would this have been impossible even if they tried the moment they noticed the smoke?
Just one of many people who don't usually comment on these videos here to say that this one hit me in the feels, the FO did things no normal human could do under those circumstances, and I hope his last thoughts were (however unlikely) some satisfaction that he saved many lives on the ground including his own colleagues. RIP Matthew Bell....
Feeling sad for the first officer😢,  he is not less than a  warrior who fought bravely
This story makes me think of Valujet Flight 592, another dangerous cargo incident, but that incident happened so incredibly quickly I'm not sure what could have been done to avoid the outcome. I'd be very interested to see this story covered.
Tack för en bra kanal, mycket intressant och bra förklarat. Har du gjort någon video om flygolyckan i Smolensk den 10 april 2010? Jag kan inte hitta någon sådan video. Om inte så skulle det vara intressant att höra om speciellt med tanke på vilka som omkom.
I'm a fire marshall at a facility that handles large lithium batteries. That's not just any fire, either. A fire involving lithium batteries is pure nightmare fuel. I cannot imagine dealing with that on an aircraft.
Lithium batteries need to be shipped with less than 25% of charge; therefore, the remain energy stored in the batteries won't be strong enough to start fire.
A cargo plane with no fire suppression. That’s fucking insane.  I remember doing a, rescue and fire training, we entered a room with oxygen and mask full of smoke and you literally couldn’t see a thing.   God this was hard to watch. RIP to these pilots in an almost impossible situation.
Dude you're talking about this making YOUR hair stand on end? The moment you said "uncontrolled in flight fire".... I felt my bowels trying to evacuate a little, that is some of the scariest shit imaginable in the eyes of ANYONE with any level of self preservation and common sense.  After watching a while, it seems like a major design flaw to have the cables that are responsible for controlling the plane, running directly above the cargo bay which is specifically coated with this fireproof material... Like they KNEW there was the possibility of this happening when they designed the plane but they never actually thought to position things like these vital cables, further away from the cargo bay lol.... and yes, this is a "hindsight is 20-20" but, the guys that made the plane do it for a living, for a LONG time, they are professionals, they are paid to, taught to and specifically employed for their ability to think like this.... And they didn't. that's scary.
Could this have been solved if they could open a window in the cockpit? Down to 10,000 feet, open window, smoke out... would be loud, sure, but they could see and breathe...
Would there chances have been better if the had continued to Doha?
Actual question: Does ATC have no ability at all to communicate on a non standard frequency in an emergency situation? E.g. for the Dubai controllers to talk to the emergency aircraft on Bahrains frequency And if not, would it not have been possible to ask an aircraft close to Dubai to tune in Bahrains frequency and relay the messages directly between the emergency aircraft and Dubai ATC?
Did the mislabelling of the cargo have any impact on the events? Would the freight have been handled differently if it was known to contain batteries?
Design is so stupid. Should have wearable  oxygen system (get up move around). Modern solution; vr headset and a hood to see controls and breathe.
The attempt to bring this plane down was a massive operation, The pilots especially the FO died heroes attempting to pull the plane away from civilians. There is also the massive co-ordination done by Bahrain ATC Controller Richard Phillips between dubai, relays, UPS-6 and other planes near it, There is also the 3 relay aircraft, 2 flydubai and one Dubai Royal Air Wing Aircraft,  It's a very sad thing that the plane crashed, But the FO can rest knowing that he has now prevented other similar accedents
Would the first officer have been able to land the plane and survive despite the circumstances if he had not disabled the auto pilot? How come the plane was not designed to be hardened against cargo fires in the first place?
thats so tragic
Scary stuff take care up there .
UPS 6 is kinda sad, the remaining pilot almost made it...
Is there no way a heavy, blunt metal tool could have been used to smash out a window in the cockpit once at a low enough altitude, thereby allowing the smoke to leave the cockpit?
Wow. Unimaginable be be those pilots.
I'm not a pilot, but maybe They should have tried to reach Doha (100 miles) rather than Dubai (180 miles). The 45 minutes of flight they had, after the fire started, were enough to cover the 100 miles. Sad decision...
Incredible story tell here. Amazing work and scary.
Great job sorry about the pilots.
co pilot dumb as hell
Mentour Pilot: you merely adopted fire. I was born in it, moulded by it
what was done to the murderer Chinese shippers of the dangerous batteries without telling UPS about it?
Rip😥
So much of this reflects the Swissair 111 inflight fire disaster. Rapidly escalating out of reach fire overtakes even the best trained crews. The Swissair of course was much worse as it was a passenger flight and all perished. It just has to be re-said - the first sign of fire Land Land Land. Forget looking up procedure manuals and fire check lists - valuable minutes can be lost - seconds count in this situation  -  First Priority is to get the aircraft on the ground - even if it means off-airport in such extreme cases as this . Not sure if it would have made any difference for the UPS crew to have gone direct to Bahrain (100 miles) rather than turn back to Dubai (180 miles) But it sure may have given them a better chance before they and the aircraft became completely incapacitated. Lithium batteries should be blanket banned as aircraft cargo. If passengers smoking can be banned many years ago, lithium batteries present a million times more risk being carried as cargo in out of reach location.
What is needed for pilots in a case like this are 4000k video goggles that can be rapidly deployed and show a video display of the instrument panel and with a tactile button so you can switch to a projected image of what it would look like as if you were viewing outside the windshield.  There's the multimillion-dollar idea, now someone make it happen. They would also be great for nighttime vertigo.
I can see how this would be a pilots worst fear. My heart was racing just listening. I would have gone into full panic mode. Reminds me of that valuejet crash in the Everglades.
Wow. Poor pilots. It was hard enough for the pilot to pass out but the first officer had to endure all the horrors of trying to land his aircraft, safely and successfully but in the end failed and died. A very brave man as well as the captain. I can't even imagine what was going through his mind. So sorry for their loss and their families who had to face their loss, too. 😓
PRoblem SOlved WITH a Platstic bAG
There are suitcases with built in batteries for powered wheels and/or as a battery bank for other devices. Does check in monitor for this and require the bag be left behind?
"If he had been allowed to..., then it would have..." NOT "If he would have been...", which means nothing.
What a nightmare. Heartbreaking. Great video.
This video should be played at airports.  Airline passengers would understand the restrictions on lithium batteries and why they are needed.  No desire to scare people, but compliance is easier to achieve with understanding.  How much quicker would the aircraft have been able to make it to Doha and would that have made enough difference to save the crew?  Likely the aircraft was going to burn up any event.
Sad :(  Awful chain of events, that must have been like hell for that first officer.  He never gave up, and did all he could, despite everything conspiring against him.  RIP the crew of UPS 6.
Many passengers dont realize how powerful is the heat generated from the Li-ion Batteries. I am paranoid about this, and usually double check my checkin bags before heading to airport, just in case if there is any Li batteries left in the checkin bags.
On your narration you unfairly stated Arabian Gulf . It is Persian  Gulf I am sure you knew that since pilots always review the maps. Do not make your nice videos political.
- Terrific video, as always. - In case anyone involved in the production of these videos sees this, I have a video request: I think it would be fascinating and educational to have a video that chronicles everything pilots do for a normal flight, from flight planning to whatever is the last thing the pilots do after a flight, presumably some sort of documentation. - I just went through all the MP videos and did not find such a video. - We get a lot of bits and pieces from these videos and most of us subscribers can probably sketch a general, simplified timeline but without a real sense of how it all fits together. - I realize this is an ambitious idea and understand that it might be beyond the complexity that the MP team aims for in these videos, but I think there are a lot of us who would adore such a video.  Thank you for the wonderful videos and the knowledge you share.  Love,  Kat
I'm feeling rather emotional after your presentation my heart goes out to their families and friends, thank you Petter for such a amazing video well presented fantastic work the best one you have done to date.
Your detail and the explanations you give is excellent!
The first time I saw a documantary about this accident I thought they should've landed in Doha.
Ho.....ly sh*t...I found myself tapping my foot and fidgeting like crazy as you went through this flight.
Was George Floyd the pilot because he carnt breathe
I would of gone to the closest airport
Shippers need to identify dangerous good. So this does not happen
"thermal runaway" is a very fancy way to say "caught fire"
Great video.
I am no pilot but I have seen that windows in the cockpit can be opened on certain aircraft. Is the 747 one of them and if so, wouldn't opening one of the windows have helped suck the smoke out?
Lithium batteries are no joke. I am an engineer, and have worked with them in the past. Tremendous short current, unstable under heat, and no off switch. Great care has to be taken whenever they are used for anything.
A few months ago, I had to enter a house that was on fire to rescue a resident who was unable to get out. This was a few minutes before the fire department arrived. The black smoke, the fumes and heat. I know what it's like to not be able to see or breathe. But add to that the terror of being airborne. I knew there was an escape just a few feet away. I knew that there were professionals on the way to assist if I needed it. That poor first officer, he was on his own up there.
I wish if you mentioned what could the pilots did to avoid the accident, maybe for example choosing Doha airport instead of turning back to Dubai and what other procedure should they did
1:50 what would have been done differently if the pilots knew about the batteries? Was there any legal action taken because of the batteries not being declared?
Is there any way for the windows to be cracked open? Like to the left side of the captain and to the right side of the co-pilot? I know that would be a last resort kind of thing to do. I used to be an aircraft hydraulics mechanic in the US Air Force and I worked on C-141 B Star-lifters (really big cargo planes) and I know the side windows next to both pilots could be opened. I would see them do it sometimes after landing while they were taxiing to let fresh air in…usually in the summertime. This was in Jackson Mississippi so it gets quite hot in the summertime. I was just wondering if cracking a window open would have cleared some smoke out of the cockpit. Again, I know that would be a last resort thing to do but in that situation I’m wondering if that would have helped at all.
I wonder why they chose EVAS over manual air vents. At any hint of a fire you drop to 10,000 feet, crank the vents for fresh air and a better view. EVAS wouldn´t have saved the captain in this case. What am I missing?
What a horrific story. I have ordered Lithium powered devices from China; I guess these come over in the same way.
Even when I travel with car, I keep everything with batteries where it is quickly accessible. How on earth could batteries unlabeled could make it to a plane without fireproof enclosures? The pilots had no chance. And who were responsible for this? I hope the company paid for the plane, and the plane's worth for the families...
If you want an intriguing onboard fire story, read up on South African Airways Flight 29 from Taipei to Johannesburg in 1987. Some suspect that unusual decisions made by the pilots were motivated to conceal the cause of the fire which some suspect was missile propellant (ammonium percholrate) which South Africa could only source from Taiwan at the time due to international arms embargoes.
Second hand smoke can kill in seconds when it is inky black.
I remember seeing the smoke from my friends balcony that night, a lot of residents of Silicon Oasis heard the unusually loud engines roar by us. Initially I dismissed it as a special flight to Minhad Air Base, close to where this aircraft crashed. After seeing the plume of smoke we assumed it was a terror attack, as Minhad AB was home to USAF's 380th Expeditionary, that provided logistics support to their mission in Afghanistan, and Iraq. It wasn't until the morning we found out a cargo flight had crashed.
It was devasting to watch. It is extremely sad.
My mentor in aviation retired from UPS on the 747 as a training captain back in 2015. He was part of the team that listened to the CVR as he knew the 747 really well. He said that co-pilot NEVER gave up flying that airplane and was surprisingly calm throughout the situation.
Incredibly sad but also very fascinating. Great video as always Mentour
Could the pilots have opened the cockpit windows?
You nail these every time! Such a good job of editing. And of course your storytelling abilities only get better. Well done!
One more subscriber towards the milion. Great job, I hope you are doing absolutely fantastic too!
You know at the start of the video I was like okay, inboard aircraft fire, could happen to anyone with the Boeing thing, where when a Boeing is on this channel, it always crashes! then you get into how poorly designed this aircraft is and the dicky pack 1 thing at 16:48 like why is their no backup, like why is their no 4th system so that the first two can be purely for the cockpit, and no option to fly by wire AND manual controls, and why is it so poorly rigged up to be fireproof when the whole damn point of the fireproofing was that it wouldnt damage the controls like a DC10 from an accidental depressurization  like who tunneled this thing out without giving proper protection to the flight controls like this, and did they design the 777 and 737 Max by any chance?   as that is some pretty piss poor design and then some, like someone tunneled out the plane for max capacity and then worried about the safety and backups afterwards  like no camera, no nada, and no one checking or visual checking between take offs to make sure nothing has moved? I mean some pretty basic checks could have stopped this thing in a hurry, and why did no one question hey what does pack 1 do when it started failing  oh it pressurizes the cockpit and its the only system pressurizing that while the other two are for the cargo compartments that have innert stuff in it, you know, not living beings  GREEAAAAATTTTTT!!!!!   stupid stupid stupid, everytime I watch one of your videos and theirs a boeing involved, I never leave going that is a well engineered plane boeing, good job!   and to think we actually wanted to fly these things as fuel tankers, hoy boy, and we thought the pinto was bad........... and even then they still did that twice, on only the most widely accepted and popular used car in the US, the ford crown victoria  can we buy german please, or better yet some place that doesnt suck at designing things please?
Oh yes, a brand new video from Petter! Go get that 1 millions subs sir!
Listening to you explain this story as a viewer gave me pure anxiety. I can’t even imagine what the pilots went through. RIP to those brave souls.
thank you mentour
After having understood that the plane was on the wrong frequency, why not simply set up a radio in Dubai with the plane's frequency and avoid the whole relay operation?
Is there a reason why Bharain ATC could not turn their radio frequency to the airplane's? (they obviously knew what frequency the airplane was on, via the relays)
It's hard to check "Like" after watching how two pilots fought for control and died in their efforts.  Informative none the less.  I will never travel with a personal recharge kit again.  Too high a cost when things go wrong.
If only the #1 Pack didn't disconnect or the pilots noticed...
Tragic but very interesting and detailed account of an incident I was unfamiliar with. Really like the focus on the practical implications for travel today. Also highlights that half way through the account I had expected the story to conclude that once auto-pilot had been set to Dubai the plane would have flies itself to the runway……you still need pilots !
jesus... being in a plane when you dont know where you are or where you're going, not able to see any instruments, warning sirens going off, with the plane shutting down around you, im not sure i can think of a more terrifying scenario
This video should be named "The Comedy of Errors ".  As usual, another worthless video that does not focus on the main cause of this aircraft loss "Pilot Error".   The stupid captain choosing to land at an airport twice the distance of what was available is moronic.  The attempted explanation of the choice is weak and pathetic.  All of the subsequent incidents that followed by the crew, further supports their level of incompetence.  The fact the crew did not know which cargo hold contained the Lithium Batteries was completely stupid.  For a captain flying a Freighter,  he was responsible in knowing the type of freight as well as the best loading position for the relative freight.   This Mentour pilot should reveal the reason(s) why he stopped flying as a commercial pilot, in a manner that could be easily verified by anyone !
That was a heartbreaking synopsis...I can't even imagine what that FO went through during those last 15 minutes or so. You've done a great job presenting the material for this very tragic accident. Thank you!
This is so incredibly well done. I love all your work, but this one was especially good.
I do remember some years ago, when power banks were a new thing, there was a lot of confusion on where batteries should be carried. One airline wrote they should be in hand luggage, while another airline said they are forbidden in hand luggage. Additional rules applied for different battery capacity. However, I ended up getting my battery pack back from the airport depot for confiscated items, because I did put it into my check-in luggage. Only later I read about the dangers of having such items inside the cargo compartment, inaccessible during flight.
Mentour... Not all lithium batteries are dangerous in case of short circuit. LiFePO4 in case of short circuit with not explode and will not generate enough heat to cause a fire. Cheap LiPo batteries (even with fuse) can cause a fire. UPS delivers probably everything. I already have personal bad experience with that company.
Was the reason ATC couldn't switch frequency technology or regulatory?
Very Sad Acident 😞
good example of decision patern as well ...this first choice to cover up double distance to return instead of landing to DOHA (closest airport) has cost them a lot . very scary those lithium batterie and they are everywhere how to deal with a fire in them ? Very good explanation this copilot is a real (unlucky) hero  . i don t understan why this aircraft haven t been assist by military .
Jesus wept... I cannot listen after 33m 10s I have to switch it off. My heart rate and stress levels are too much. Wow ... god bless the pilot & F.O...
Love your animations.. :)
I am enjoying your storytelling skills already. I realized that due to your attention to details, your own experiences and your desire to teach, that it's as if I am the proverbial fly on the wall and watching things unfold. There's no way for me to know all of these procedures, schematics or even what the crew may be experiencing but thru your ability to paint this picture, suddenly I am as if I have all kinds of knowledge on these planes & situations (tho in reality I'd be the last one to know something). Thank you again for your good heart & desire to help us all learn.
Amazingly detailed explanation of that accident, thank you!
Great episode - My main question is why Dubai couldn't change their frequency to the the pilot's?
Great intro!
It is easy to speak from the sofa, but probably the best option would be ditching. Set -100ft/min on VS and hope that after impact the pilot can leave the cockpit through the window.  A question also why military jet wasn't called for support. They could coordinate on the spot.
I have a smoke machine, I use for photoshoots. I have tried setting it off at full power indoors, and it got so dense, I could not see the window in front of me in clear daylight, untill I moved within a hand's with of it. And that was white fog-type smoke. Black smoke would be even more opaque.
Heartbreaking…rip
Wow I never knew what kind of damage batteries could make. Sure, I knew they were dangerous and super toxic but I didn't realize how fire-sensitive they are. Maybe this is dumb but there are a lot of dumb people booking flights so I'll just ask: Could you do some sort of video, maybe on Instagram, about how you can easily recognize what kind of batteries are in your devices and what that means for flying? I know, it probably sounds dumb but to me, a battery is a battery and I don't have a clue about what kinds there are and how to read the sticker on laptop batteries for example. When people at airports ask; you didn't put this and this kind of battery in checked luggage?, I kinda answer with: "uh... I don't think so" but I honestly don't know for sure.
If ever there was a case of "It's better to be on the ground and wishing you were in the air, than being in the air wishing you were on the ground.", this is it :(
There is no "arabian gulf" .there is only "persian gulf". Be educated. I srsly love your clip but calling persian gulf a false name is a bad move. PERSIAN GULF. Educate yourself better.
Captain Petter, the heat must have been pretty intense in that fire. Wasn't the integrity of the airframe ever in any danger? I mean, wasn't there a strong risk of the aircraft breaking up in the air?
2-3decades ago, explosive chemicals downed a passenger plane and law written mandated no explosives on passenger aircrafts. SO WHY WAS THERE ILLEGAL CHEMICALS ON THIS PLANE ????!!!!
A huge part of the communication issues had been mitigated if the Dubai controller could retune a radio to Dohas fequency to establish a more direct communication since the pilot was unable to change. This surely would be possible with some coordination between the two ATC's.
As a 737 pilot, you should cover the triple threat crashes of United 585, USAir 427 and Eastwinds 517.
Terrible accident! One question, though. After the airplane got in reach of Dubai, why didn’t the ATC switch to their frequency, to overcome the relay problems? Knowing the pilot couldn’t read the panel, surely it shouldn’t be too hard for ATC to radio on whatever frequency the aircraft is on, no?
Peter, great video as always. We will never forget UPS6.  As you know, the lithium battery technology and safety standards are developing rapidly and it’s very hard to keep up.  It’s fascinating what our airline’s ULD group has developed and working on implementing to keep our pilots safe.  Side note: the sim you are using for your simulations is pretty darn accurate.  N579UP is one of two of our BCF models which is exactly what the outer shell of the aircraft simulates.
My work (prior to COVID-19) had me flying from Las Vegas, LA, or Houston all around the world as a passenger. I have well over 2 million miles over several years to show. I have seen fights, fires, heartache’s, aircraft pitch forward and roll before recovery. I once rolled off the helipad aboard a oil rig platform. I have seen soldiers storm our Airbus Air France 747 after landing in Ivory Cost. Only after paying them off, some of us were aloud to fly over to Legos, Nigeria. I once saw a lithium laptop battery catch fire on someone’s lap. The flight crew were there as I poured a glass of water on it. Placed it in a trash bag and further doused it with water unto the smoke was gone. Ironically enough, the fight continued all the way to LA. Flying has its hazards yet is still not hardly as dangerous as the taxi I take too and from the airport.
Another great video!  Yours is my favorite aviation channel on YouTube by far!
You guys need a properly designed packet switched radio system, like cell phones but with adaptive relaying. If there's any path between the endpoints, including an indirect one via other aircraft, it should be exploitable—and no human intervention, let alone manual repeating, should be required.  There should evidently also be an automatic system that tells you when the mechanical linkages are degraded relative to the electronic controls (if the flight recorder can capture a control issue, then presumably a computer monitoring that data stream can also detect it).
The "logic" of returning to a known location is a powerful psychological motivation that has killed many people in fire emergencies, where they have often headed into the fire because it's in the return path toward the entrance where they entered the building. Perhaps the captain's return decision was motivated this way.
is emergency autoland available yet?...Sad ending, even after all the effort, he couldn't safely land the plane...for the party responsible for classifying the lithium batteries incorrectly... hopefully got a penalty applied...
The first officer should have put out the fire when they knew it was going. I cannot believe that they dont have a system which put out fire in a airplane.
Why could the ATC not change to his frequency instead of doing the relay, it's such a emergency that some flexibility must be warranted? From the way things played out it sounds like it would have given him a very good chance to auto land...
This may be a stupid question but why did they not open their cockpit windows when at a low enough altitude to then try flush the smoke out the cockpit? I know it's a very high pressure situation but would they not try open the windows or is that a bad move?
This was a harrowing video.  I kept hoping that it would end with an intact landing.  So desperately sad for the pilots here, what a dreadful ordeal they went through.  I was glad to note efforts are made to improve outcomes for similar events though, and most importantly, it really did impress on me in a way I won’t ever forget, not to pack un approved types of batteries in luggage!
Why were they still having to relay messages once they got close to the airport?
I’ve flown on several flights with lithium ion batteries and I’ve always made sure I follow the airline’s guidelines carefully, but I never actually understood what the fuss was about. Thanks for the video.
Couldn't someone at the airport have used a radio on the frequency the pilot was on? Or is there a reason why this is not possible?
Great story telling, Peter, as usual.
How come they couldn't just set the Bahrain frequency on the radios on the ground in Dubai?  A secondary freely tunable radio on the ground might have been the difference needed to save the pilots lives in this case
As always, fantastic job, man! Thank you very much for that thorough explanation and huge thanks to your team that creates visuals. The accident is horrible and I feel sorry for the pilots, and I hope it’s not very cynical to say that, but thanks to this accident many many lives will be saved in the future.  I’ve watched almost all your videos and now I feel less nervous and enjoy flying much more. Special thanks for that!
Concerning inflight fires, time always seems to be the primary factor, not familiarity.  Aviation history is replete with this sort of thing, Saudia Flight 163 being the worst in terms of decision making.  According to a study, "A Benefit Analysis for Enhanced Protection from Fires in Hidden Areas on Transport Aircraft," a pilot has roughly 17-minutes to effect a landing once a fire is detected.  Accordingly, one wonders would Doha have been the prudent choice, not Dubai.  Had that scenario ever been investigated?  Given the nature of the emergency, one could consider the plane a haul loss, so the closest strip capable of withstanding a landing would seem to be fair game.
Gotta love those cheap chinese batteries!
I can't help wondering, were there criminal and civil penalties for the shippers, who didn't properly declare hazardous cargo?
While watching this, I could feel the helplessness and the anxiety the pilots must have gone thru. Feel sad for them. Very well presented, almost like in there shoes
A comment to appease our algorithmic overlords
Wow, that is a terrifying story. And the quality of your videos is just getting better and better. Amazing work! One question: what would you think would have happened, if the FO would have opened his window? The cabin was depressurized, so he probably would have been able to open it. And the odds of safely bringing down a B747, blind and alone, in a populated area are slim at best.
I can't imagine the horror that was inside this cockpit  I'm genuinely surprised how well the first officer dealt with this almost impossible situation, and kept the aircraft flying for as long as it did, Rest in peace.
Wait you did fire fighting too? Even if it was limited to the airfield I'd love to hear some of these stories, even training honestly. I got a huge respect for people willing to charge into what 99% of people consider "certain death" on the off chance they can save someone.
I have suffered smoke inhalation and CO poisoning, once each, on separate occasions. In my experiences the smoke inhalation took effect much more quickly... within a minute at most. The CO took longer but that could be just lower concentration. Unlike the CO, the smoke inhalation gave me no warning at all. I was sort of functional throughout but I have no memory at all after the first two minutes or so with the smoke. I apparently did not notice even at the time (less than 5 minutes in) that melted plastic had dripped on my bare foot and embedded itself in the flesh. Never underestimate CO or smoke!
Do SAA 295 next, almost the same as this but with a combi 747.
14:39 - another FAA fault having not checked the cargo floor being tight in case of fire ?  I hate the FAA for their poor performance and not taking care for what they should have taken care. It can not be that the safefty system sucks and then the second protection is not working either.  Blame FAA.
These poor guys were just in an untenable position. RIP.
Absolutely excellent work, keep it up!
*And* you've been an airport firefighter? You are most brave!
Probably a stupid question but couldn't he opened up a window? Or would that destroy everything inside the cockpit? The horror these man had to go through. Just insane.
Litium fires are scarry. one scarry thing is all the pepole carring around them or having electric cars. with out seening that they have a potiential bomb with them.
This was a sad story... but temenbering other video of yours where a window in the cabin got blow away. What happen if in this situation you could remove one of the smaller windows in cabin. After pressure as equal to outside. The smoke would be blow away. And with masks the pots could see and operate it again. As a safety feature these fires should be fighted with going as high, low O2, and depressurizing rhe cargo space with these measure, all fire would burn out, same as taken the plane where is no oxigen, fire out. Engines out, and descent to a windmill restart or glide to land. What you think?
That was awful 😷😪.
Well why are anybody shocked? Remember F.I. SAA Helderberg in the 80's? We understand self oxygenating fires for 2000yrs We know fire on an airplane is catastrophic. It still happens.
Not sure what their altitude was when they declared the emergency, but wondering if Doha at 100 miles away was too close to make a normal straight-in approach?
You have the knack of dealing with & presenting such tragic issues in a sane, balanced, non-judgemental & sensitive, yet a rational/scientific & zetetic, truth-seeking manner! Kudos!
So you have a fire and you decide to travel twice as far??? wow..!! how do these idiots become pilots?
A terrible tragedy, I hope whoever shipped and mislabeled that cargo faced some consequences. Saving a few bucks on shipping took two lives and that's just appauling. Those poor men. That first officer is a hero for trying to do all he could, avoiding loss of life on the ground is nothing short of a miracle. May they rest in peace. Thanks as always for such a detailed video and as always handling it with the utmost respect for those who lost their lives.
unbelievable they don't have cameras inside the hold...? the mfer in Hong Kong who did not declare hazardous cargo was the real criminal and murderer. Hope he got arrested and charged with murder.
Such a harrowing accident I feel so sorry for the two pilots
This may be a really stupid question, but how do I know what type of batteries are in my device?
One cannot see through smoke but can definitely hear.  Similar to all important flight data forwarded to FDR and recorded; Why not all important parameters to fly, to land and to maneuver an aircraft be forwarded to a central computer module.  So when the cockpit becomes smokey the pilot can press a button on the yoke and the central computer module will start broadcasting through a speaker the flight parameters and other information a pilot needs to know.  Module can reply to specific data requested by a pilot as well I.   Such flight training by listening to the auditory data can be carried out in a simulator.  Just my wild thought.
Very sad - this is one of the most horrific accounts you have ever told us. Very well presented and explained - but so awful.
Never heard about that story before. I though they were gonna make it, so harrowing.
What would happened if the first officer would have open his window (just a small amount, to not be sucked outside) when he was at 9.000 Ft instead of relying on this smoke evacuation system that was obviously not working very well?
I love that you usually give info about the crew, so that they aren't just generic pilots who signed up for risk, but real people having their worst day.  It personalizes the story and brings home the individual tragedy of such situations, whether 2 pilots or 400 passengers.   I can't imagine the horror of the FO being so new to the aircraft in this situation, all alone, and blind, which you described perfectly.   Yours is currently my favorite YT channel and I very much look forward to new videos!
When Mentour says "the flight data recorder indicates..."  you know this is not going to end well.
So sad and frightening
Is it possible to open or break a window ? That will suck the smoke out and then decent under 10k feet ?
Simple question from a non-pilot. What about making it possible for the pilots to open part of the windscreen?
Wow… how absolutely horrifying… poor things 😱 Glad to hear there were several safety improvements made after this crash (as there often is).
Does somebody have an idea, why automated systems get so little trust? Why does an automated landing require the pilots to setup a good approach first? Both could have easily been knocked out from the smoke. Imagine if one of them could have flicked a switch and then be able to fully focus on getting oxygen, find a way to vent the cabin or better seal it from the smoke, etc. You could even check controls and in case only pilot controls work, give them instructions on necessary inputs.
Exceptionally well done thank you. An absolutely nightmare nightmare.
Although i work for different emergency service now, i was once a firefighter. Petter totally true in thick smoke you cannot see anything, it is a very harrowing experience, smoke is a killer and is the main cause of death in a fire, not burns. To watch these two pilots struggle with an impossible situation is not an easy thing to digest. Why was no fire suppression system in place that would seem an obvious system on board an aircraft. Finally RIP to both pilots.
Wish they took the 100mile away airport, but as fate would have it.....
Im sure this has been discussed before but why isnt there a method for a way for someone to remotely fly the aircraft if the crew has become incapacitated?
i wanted to watch before you changed the title just didnt have time, so dont get the wrong impression from your statistics i might have skewed it along with everyone else that dont have 36min to sit down and watch a video the first few times they see it in their feed
Great video as always! The animations are super helpful.
Very sad and unfortunate event. May the souls rest in peace... 😥
Why didn't they just remain at 25,000 feet and starve the fire of oxygen? 🤔
This is one of the saddest accidents covered by this channel… it literally made me cry. The first officer is a true hero.
Also dangerous are the Lithium batteries that are installed in the 787. This video here is the second crash that happened caused by a fire on board, the only other crash I know of which was caused by fire was some Air Switzerland turboprop machine that was lost because cockpit cables started to burn. I wonder if there was a way to get rid of the thick black smoke by opening the 747 side window on lower height. Maybe there would have been no crash when the pilots would have been able to breathe and see. Of course the manual steering would have been still almost fully disabled but they would have noticed that the electric driven trim tabs and the autopilot-driven electric elevator jackscrew were still fully functional, plus they could have spottet the runway and landed at their first attempt.
I heard this crash while some colleagues developed such a fire extinguisher system. With all the details it is horrible to hear with what power booth pilots where fighting against this fire and all its consequences. It is horrible to hear. :( Thanks for sharing.
Thanks for this very good explanation of a dramatic accident. I hope I'm allowed to ask this question as a non-pilot: Below 10,000 feet, couldn't the pilots have opened the window to at least partially let out the smoke?
Flight 6 is as cursed as 191 is. Sooooo many incidents involving these numbers
I'd like to know if those freight agents were identified and prosecuted. Their actions were effectively murder.
Perhaps others have already asked, but the first question I have watching this is whether it is impossible for ATC to communicate on a different frequency? It sounds like if Dubai just set up a dedicated communication channel on Bahrain frequency for this guy this tragedy might have had a different outcome.
This was the most emotional story about the heroic fight pilots will potentially have to face, that I've ever watched. Not being a pilot myself, you've already, before this, made me understand the demands that are put on pilots every day, but this story elevated this to a new level. I bow in gratitude and remember my first flight (ever) to England when I was about 10 years old and was allowed to visit the pilots in the cockpit. Never forgotten, and I still always feel safe when flying, despite what may be happening.
This is such a well done and important training video on the dangers of lithium batteries.  Thank you for telling this story so elegantly. Respect to the crew and ATC for their contribution and efforts to problem solve.  An important story to share.
Very terrible accident . Just a question here less than 10000 feet couldn't he open the plane windows by manual lever inside cockpit ? It might give him some visibility.
Do you think pilots will ever fly wearing AR and/or VR googles?
I honestly cried during this episode! So unfair! To die like that! No one should die on the job!
Oh geez. I was hoping that the FO at least would make it, given everything he had to go through. What a terrible situation to be in.
So why didn't they pop the "Escape Hatch" on the roof of the cockpit?  That would suck some smoke out.  One thing sure, if there is fire on an airplane, get down faster than a bowling ball that rolled out the back of a helicopter.  U cant loiter.  They all end the same, after a few minutes all the controls burn out.  These guys didn't get down fast enough.  Like they don't take it serious from the first moment.
Terrible man I don't understand. it would be easier to talk to boat and have a safe trip man
These flight computers are too complicated in my opinion. Many crashes are the result of a disconnect between what the pilots and the computers.
Although this crash probably has the lowest fatalities, it's still one of the most horrific ones 😔
Great storytelling. I can't imagine beeing in this situation. RIP
Would it be possible to open the cockpit windows once the plane was depresurized? I imagine it would be a horrible experience at that speeds but at least that would push away all the smoke
This guy should start a netflix series in which he talks about accidents. Watching these on youtube really feels like I am watching a really big production documentary. Love your content.
Was anyone on the ground injured?
I was rooting for the FO to do the impossible until the end… So sad, can you please somehow indicate in the beginning if a story will have a happy ending or not? I must have missed it if you did.
One of the best channels on YT and I'm not even a pilot or an aviation enthusiast. My heart aches for the pilots.
If he is low enough, why cant you open a cockpit window to expel the smoke?
like always  the best
WE HAD SMOKE ON A PLANE , ANY REAL ACCOUNTS OF SNAKES ON A PLANE LOL OR ESCAPED ANIMAL
Thanks 👍 for your vids 😉
Is it possible that the cargo compartments could be pressured with nitrogen. Wouldn’t that make fires less likely?
Are there any contingencies for when the pilot(s) have no control of the aircraft to just fly them into the ocean or a cornfield?  Was just dumb luck the erroneous 195 vs 095 heading didn't send him into a populated area.
If only they had chosen Doha which was closer in the first place!
My god what a harrowing story. The will to keep on fighting to the end, even tho all was lost, is quite commendable
22:48 Sorry, this completely blows my mind. You're telling me Dubai doesn't have a radio they can tune to the other frequency to help get this plane on the ground, and they have to use this insane multi-hop relay system to vector this plane with minutes of round-trip lag? They couldn't get an ops guy with a walkie-talkie into a cockpit with a working radio?  And later on, even as he's literally overflying the runway, he's _still_ using this telephone game to communicate with Dubai? I know his chances were small to begin with, but I just can't believe this.
This was featured on ACI.
Can one open any windows in the cockpit and, if yes, at what height?
One of the things I wondered about this tragedy was the comms problem. I understood that there was no way for the FO to switch frequency or get the second unit going due to the limited visibility. The thing I wonder is this: was there no way for Dubai to transmit on the frequency of the plane? (I mean in addition to the ones used in standard operation). I have no idea how the comms systems works in an airport but Dubai is a big one, so I would imagine they have at least some backups.
All kudos to the memory of those professional pilots, they fought to the end. That the aviation industry could suggest some cheap little blow-up is an insult to their memory, as is the proposal to make all commercial aircraft have only ONE pilot [yes and automatics]. Human are fragile lumps of vulnerable protoplasm, their logic systems can be as buggy as hell. All that said, they are better than AI, and always will be.  Crews on cargo aircraft [particularly] need to be increased, not decreased.  They need a flight engineer, or crew chief, or cargo chief. Someone who can don a portable air supply, and protective clothing and go LOOK.  Military aircraft and ships [apart from some fighter aircraft, and I suppose, some midget submarines] have a crew. People on lookout, people who keep watch and "patrol the perimeter". The pilots have to try to fly the aircraft, and as we can see, under extremely adverse and worsening conditions, tension-filled, and in this event, impossible to prevail. One of them leaving the flight deck to actually get first-hand information would not have worked either. Not an expert, but it would have probably broken several laws, as well as being against company policy and procedures for the situation.  A thousand fire extinguishers might not have helped, as well being expensive and reducing payload. In passenger aircraft the flight attendants are trained to some extent, on helping the flight deck. They act as eyes and ears, if nothing else, and can back-up, or confirm or deny, what the instrumentation is telling the pilots. But a well-trained human with air and PPE, and a fire extinguisher? [Suitable for all fire types]. It seems like a plan to me, though I am not flight crew, cabin crew, or fire fighter.  The armed forces [despite rumours to the contrary] try to train their people to be flexible and competent in a range of skills. In combat, or in an emergency, you can't bank on a specialist surviving or being competent. Hence army medics, but everyone learns first aid. Everyone learns how to use the radios, and so on. On ships sailors of all ranks learn the rudiments about almost everything, especially the fundamentals on how to run the ship.  In the military you are trained to start your day, perhaps under harsh, often dangerous environmental conditions, with the possibly or or certainty that someone will be shooting at you [in times of war], and be able to sustain that for considerable periods of time. Going to "the office" which is uncomfortable, just to start your job. Commercial aviation is safe, except when it is not. On those rare occasions you need spare capacity, spare human capacity to work the unexpected problem. Automatics are aids, not replacements for human skill and ingenuity.   A human "robot" is the ultimate Swizz army knife.  It's heuristics are all about survival. A blow-up plastic cockpit hood? Seriously folks?
WITH ALL THAT BEING SAID WHAT CHARGES WERE ADMINISTRED AGAINST THE SOMPANCY THAT MISLEAD UPS ON THE  CARGO  BEING TRANSMITTED, WITHOUT MAKING NOTE OF THE DEGREE OF POSSIBLE HARM???? ARE YOU SAYING THEY IN EFFECT (GOT AWAY WITH IT)....WHY NO $20 SMOKE DECTORS IN THE CARGO HOLDS????
Please elaborate the accident happened with Pakistan airlines domestic flight lahore to khi in 2020
LITHIUM SO DANGEROUS THATS WHY YOU WONT SEE A BATTERY POWERED PLANE
This was the most frightening episode so far. The. I can´t even think of how the FO was feeling during the last minutes, with no vision and also barely no comms.
I wonder, would it be possible to open the cockpit window in flight since the aircraft was depressurised, and wouldn’t that have created a ram air over pressure in the cockpit, pushing the smoke away, at the expense of making the flight deck incredibly cold
Correct me if i'm wrong, but back in 2010 lithium batteries weren't covered at all by the IATA or other transport regulations. UN 3480 didn't even exist back then. I believe it was because of THIS accident that specific regulations for lithium batteries were added to IATA.
That 1st officer was amazing!
Would opening the cockpit windows have helped in this situation once the pilot had descended below 10000ft? Obviously, it would have created a lot of noise but it may have pushed some fresh air in to flush the smoke out.
Fantastic Video as always! I'm not a pilot or work with radios, so I was wondering while watching: Why couldn't the relay aircraft talk directly to Dubai instead of going the long way with Baharain? These people are much smarter than me so I assumne this wasn't possible, I was just wondering why.
Hey Mentour I recently subbed to your channel out of curiosity and general aviation knowledge, cause I aint into flying planes, but I'm a freqüent passenger nonetheless. I love your content and the clarity of your presentations. I feel like I've learned quite a lot just by watching your videos. Watch me landing a 737 on the news soon haha! That being said I keep getting pleasantly surprised by lil easter eggs that I see around your house, and it didnt took me long to figure out that you were located on Girona airport. Like that cute lil sign behind you with "banyoles" on it, or the bells with the catalonian flag on your christmas tree! Now, after having watched many of your uploads, Ive heared you say so a few times, and I think I saw your wife streaming with you one day, and Im gonna assume that she hanged those bells ;) Anyway, I live nearby and being Catalan myself I find it charming. The Empordà as a whole and the Costa Brava are gorgeous and there's a lot of historic and natural charm to it, and good quality of life. I hope you find it welcoming to you, glad you are around! Will definelty feel extra safer now, flying in or out of Girona  :D
A terribly sad accident. Still find it strange though that they didn't go to Doha airport which was half the distance and get down as quick as possible. I never realised that pilots prefer to return to the airport they have left from. I was once on a flight from Corfu to London and we made an emergency landing at an Italian military airbase (I guess this must therefore have been really serious then for the pilots to have made this call rather than return to Corfu - never realised that at the time!)
I'm not kidding, I damn near had a panic attack listening to you tell this story. My God, these poor pilots. I can't, nor do I want to imagine the horror of being in that cockpit. This story is the fuel of nightmares for me. My heart really goes out to these two. Incredible story-telling, however on your part, Petter.
Hi Petter, love your work. Forgive me if this question has already been covered. If the pilots remained on course and decided to land in Doha, do you think there would have been a better outcome of the terrible tragedy?
I am an electronics repair technician and I can say that lithium batteries can be extremely dangerous I have had an iphone catch fire as soon as I attempted to remove a faulty battery , the reaction is very fast
Nice
An interesting thing to note about this incident is that right after it had occurred, when the only thing that was still known about the matter at the time was that the plane crashed due to an onboard fire, UPS voluntarily started their own serious & fullfledged investigation into trying to find ways to improve the fire-prevention/safety systems onboard their aircrafts. UPS started doing this prior to the completion of the air crash investigation and release of the final report, so hats off to them for taking such initiative. I'll also add that they were also among the first companies to both take up the recommendations made by the related investigation team (shortly after the final report's publication), and implement new fire-related measures (like EVAS).
The incident that happened is really sad. I don’t know too much about aviation but would their chances of survival be higher if they chose Doha Airport and the Captain Pre Configured the Autopilot to land at Doha? ( so if their visibility was reduced, they plane could land itself anyway)
When can you open the 2 cabin windows?   Do they now have fans that fits in the windows to blow smoke out?
Felt very sorry for the 1st officer he tried everything he could without being able to see the controls . May he rest in peace .
I love Blinkist and have been getting their service through my work for years. Pleasantly surprised to see them as a sponsor!   I’m also surprised the pilot chose to return to Dubai…. Did he not learn about Swissair 111?
Very difficult to listen to. Totally horrible.
For the life of me I don’t understand why they turned back, very very sad, they probably would have made it.   I never really thought about how bad this could be as my flight career was in the Air Force in the B52 where I had a ejection seat. To this day I’m slightly uncomfortable in civilian aircraft that I’m not flying myself. I have a fear of not being in at least partial control of my situation.
Horrific!! Amazing video once again!👍🏼👍🏼
That first officer saved lives in the ground, he died hero.
They were so close, god damn it.
That was intense. Poor pilots…especially the co-pilot who endured such horror.
This is so horrific and the pilots' action and behaviour is so commendable and he so almost made it 😭... I had just one question though... I just want to know if the pilots could have opened their cockpit window and either let out the smoke or had a inward wind blowing to push the smoke back?  And I'm asking this since the cabin had depressurised so I think it could have been possible... But do let me know your thoughts.
Here is a dumb question, and I'm hoping an expert from the aviation industry could answer me. Could the pilots have descended to under 10,000 feet and opened their cockpit side windows to let the smoke out and pull in fresh oxygen from outside? I understand that under 10,000 feet depressurization isn't an issue? I'm curious if this would have been a viable solution.
I believe when batterys are transported in aircraft, they shoukd be contained in fireproof containers/pallets
Those were very well made batteries in "You know where"!
AT AIRPLANE SPEEDS SURE GOT A LOT OF OXYGEN FANNING THE BLAZE. I HAVE HEARD THAT OXIGEN SUPPORTS COMBUSTION!
Why not descend and open the cockpit windows?
Why couldn't the cockpit windows be opened so that the smoke could escape due to the pressure difference at altitude and in the cockpit? Below 10,000 feet, a person can breathe comfortably.
There cannot possibly be a worse situation a pilot can face than an on-board fire. There are other situations that can make an aircraft very difficult to handle but chances are with some skill and luck the pilots may be able to find a way to control the aircraft. With an on-board fire, it is only a matter of time before all controls are rendered useless. This would probably happen very fast so even the pilots might go from full control for several minutes where they are confident they could probably fly the plane to complete lack of control within seconds. And there is simply no way to escape a fire in a tube. And what makes it even more difficult that the smoke would overwhelm the crew before the fire renders the controls unusable. If I was to write instructions on how to handle an on-board fire I would advise that if the nearest airport is over 20 minutes away look to land anywhere immediately.
Excellent video. Thank you Petter.
I am curious about the kind of watch you are wearing, it looks like an oil filled watch..
Talking about batteries, China doesn't even allow using portable chargers in flight because there are too many defective ones in China and there have been incidents (and I guess having two devices makes it easier to drop one in between seats).
Damn I keep hoping they will make it but I doubt it…,,   😖😣😖😫😖😣😖😫
Why isn't there a redundant system for the control surfaces? It seems to be a theme on these accident videos where the lines get damaged and it crashes... I do software engineering and have worked on highly available systems and anything with a single point of failure is a big NO and in failure conditions, it has automatic failover and and redundancies (3 copies of critical systems. 2 must agree). You'd think that it'd be the same in an airplane, especially for critical systems.  And why is the oxygen under the cabin? You'd think they could have put it in the crew compartment or something? Just seems dumb to me.
How much money did Boeing save by not engineering in a halon fire suppression system? Boeing cutting corners seems to be the root cause of so many commercial aviation disasters.
Boeing should install cameras or sensors to detect fire more quickly. This terrible accident makes me so sad. I hope it never happens again.
Thanks for this video . Really an eye opener and salute the pilots and crew and engineer who have iteratively made flying safer and continue doing so
Why was the relay system of communication still being used when the aircraft was within range of Dubai on the return?  This appears to be a failure on the part of ATC to accommodate the situation and communicate on any frequency necessary to talk with the FO.  What am I missing here?  Such a tragedy on so many levels.
This was the video I always wanted you to make 😍😍😍😍😍
If you take every commercial jet which has had a major fire break out in flight, the overwhelming majority crash because they simply cannot land fast enough before major impediments to flight exceed the ability of the pilots. In my opinion this level off at 25000ft instruction in order to use depressurization to extinguish the fire has major issues - in this example it probably wouldn’t have done much because an established lithium battery fire has all the elements of combustion (fuel, heat and oxygen) to continue burning even under those conditions. There should be a very real consideration to urgently perform an emergency landing or ditch an aircraft if an airport is not less than 15 minutes away.
Can imagine having peter as your pilot in an emergency. I swear this man could land a plane with no wings lol
Can't imagine discussing with a fellow crew member hey we have a fire on board do you want to fly a 180 miles or barely 100 ?  Seems like the choice of the closer airport would've been the pick unless  they both thought their wasn't enough length to get stopped, seems crazy.
I am speechless... 😭
I worked at UPS when that happened in cargo. We had to completely change how we loaded li-ion batteries.
@ 22:23 knowing that they might already have landed in Doha just broke my heart. Excellent video as you usually do with excellent and in depth explanations, thank you
Feel for the pilots.  Especially the co-pilot. Low hours and can’t see anything.  So sad.
Lithium batteries have been the cause of a number of in-flight fires, I cannot understand how they allowed on board an aircraft. Millions of these lithium batteries are manufactured in China and sent to the west, surely it would be better for all concerned to make transport of these batteries only overland or by sea.
An absolutely horrifying story. The Flight channel has also done a piece on this incident. I also believe the dive boat explosion and sinking off southern Cal several years ago was caused by exploding lithium batteries in computers, cell phones and/or other electronic devices, overloading the boats admittedly older wiring capabilities. Much as lithium batteries are a terrific power source, they still makes me nervous and I treat them accordingly.
He did all he could...May they rest in peace
This is literally horrifying.
This is so sad, they have tried their best and how frightened they would have been at that time! It is so hard to think. Pilots are really great people.  Thank you for this explanation, captain.. knowing more and more things... All the best to you, captain!
Yes it would be expensive. But Why not have a system that automatically dumps the cargo, and adjust flight settings back to what they should be for an empty plane.
Why didn't they just smash one of the windows at 10,000 feet? Wouldn't have been pleasant but better than being enveloped in smoke.
I keep telling people that Lithium Ion is chemically the same thing as Hydrogen bomb fuel.
Very dumb question but, oppening the cockpit windows is not an option when the plane is low alttitud?
WHOA.  Honestly I am shocked at how long this first officer managed to keep the plane in the air and under some sort of control from the time the smoke got in the cockpit.  That poor guy...he's a hero for sparing lives on the ground.
Great video. Just one point: you mentioned Arabian Gulf but your map clearly says "Persian Gulf". There is no Gulf called Arabian Gulf, unless you study geography in one of the southern Persian Gulf's countries!
Mentour Pilot, why couldnt or didnt Dubai ever switch one of their radios to UPS 6 frequency? What was the final report? no offense to the departed but giving up that 80 miles.. woof. For having "only" 77 hours he did an amazing job. I wood have be big $$ that all major cargo carriers (ups, fed ex dhl, kalitta ?) have/had fire suppression or extinguishers as standard.
would it help if he just punch out a small window? I know that sounds outrageous but that's probably better than getting cooked and smothered alive
Excellent presentation, thanks!
that's terrifying
The parallax your chair makes when you move around is quite annoying.
Thank you Petter for the great video! But why I started hearing announcements from cabin crew about Li-ion batteries years after this accident, as opposed to 2010? I can't remember hearing the Li-ion batteries on board announcement between 2010 and 2016
I worked in logistics and this event must have been the cause of a change in the way we delivered to airports.  Lithium batteries, oh my days. They were treated like explosives. Anything lithium and it made life difficult for us. So much paperwork and procedure. I didn't see it at the time but in hindsight it's clear. Now I don't feel as safe around lithium batteries as I did around lead acid. I don't like to have them on charge unattended.
First, I want to say that your storytelling skills are amazing.  I am listening to this video for the first time, just not sure if I can finish it.  An instructor of mine was involved in a fatal fire a couple of years ago.  Batteries were involved in that disaster as well.  When I travel now, my batteries are I side of a fire suppression container.  Some thing so cm on you wouldn’t know how dangerous batteries can be.
I am not a pilot what so ever but I find your breakdowns of accidents fascinating. You make it so a non pilot really gets what the crew is going through. I also get a better understanding of what it really takes to fly a jumbo aircraft. I also think that I would always want human pilots  in the cockpit. A.I. would not have the reasoning it takes to make the necessary decisions in such situations. Well done.
Senseless loss when completely preventable…
Self igniting lithium's has always bugged me, runaway reactions are so rare.
Can you do a video Aeroflot Flight 6502?  Pilot's foolhardy attitude caused a major accident.
While the crew did unfortunately make several mistakes, they are not to blame for anything in a very challenging situation. I could only imagine they difficulty they faced trying to get on the ground.
oof. one thing that really baffles me is that Dubai ATC never tuned into the frequenzy of Bahrain ATC to establish direct contact, for me this would have been the logical thing to do, and it very well might have saved the aircraft and the FOs life. does anyone know why this did not happen/was not possible?
Would it have been possible for the pilots to open the cockpit windows? Maybe that could have cleared some of the smoke.
These type of stories are always sad since it can be preventable if the crew had the information about the cause prior to the flight.
I remember seeing this on Nat Geo. Anyone else?
I've done fire training in the navy, he's understating how black that smoke can be.  You can damn near walk into the fire without seeing it if the smokes thick enough.
little would instill more fear in an airline piolet then if that music starting playing from nowhere lol :) maybe other then a fire ;)
Um... would you explain to me why Li batteries are considered dangerous?
That situation was just unfair they never stood a chanse
What an absolute nightmare.  I do think though that the EVAS system is a joke.  It looks like something you'd ramshackle together from the galley garbage than any properly engineered solution.  I'd rather see a lightweight full helmet with a rubber neck seal than a mask for emergency situations, with a phone mount on the faceshield so an iphone can be mounted in direct view.   Such a helmet would help cut down distractive noise, maintain an enclosed area of clean air, protect the eyes and grant the option of using a phone app to view essential instrumentation from a screen right in front of your face.
Thanks for another great analysis!
I like the stories with the end that everyone survived. But also used this incident when people “lie” about that they don’t have lithium batteries in there cargo, on the moment they get it back when the x-ray scans it, and find it out they have 10 used cell phones in there. Because mostly they are upset and don’t understand. This story, very well and emotional brought by the way, takes care that people understand the danger when it is in your bag or cargo. And indeed: on you or in carry-on is very easy to see when burning
Isn't there standard procedure to get down to the closest airport possible?
I saw this on Air Disasters a while back. Very scary .  Your version is far more educational than the broadcast version. Beautifully done.  Thanks!
It is because of incidences like this, why I suspect that the disappearance of MH370 was caused by a fire in the cargo hold (which happens to carrying 221kg worth of Lithium-Ion Batteries at that time)
Sadly this video left a lot of questions open for me:  Why was the relay aircraft needed?  Why couldn't Dubai Airport change their frequency to the same as the UPS-aircraft? Does a whole airport only have one radio transmitter?  And if for whatever reason that isn't possible, why does the relay aircraft has to talk to Bahrain and they in turn to Dubai? Don't airplanes have two separate radios? Couldn't the relay aircraft directly communicate with Dubai and the UPS-airplane at the same time using both radios? Thereby simplifying and speeding up the communication?   And where was the military? Surely a fighter pilot would have done a much better job relaying all the information.
🖒🤠
It's an ironic date, 1 day and 12 years after SR111.
My heart is sinking watching this
Do pilots still have to manually switch to ATC channels? Seems like a really dumb idea to make that the ONLY way. I can't even count the amount of times that issue has come up on this channel. Why isn't there some form of emergency override or automatic connection based on an emergency status or something. It just seems mental how many scenarios have included an effectively mute and deaf aircraft.
Couldn't Dubai ATC switch one of their radios to the Bahrain frequency temporarily? Or is that not possible?
Small Lithium battery ... put it on a glass or metal container with a lid. A vacuum bottle type coffee pot is great... if it fits.  At home, put it in a pot that has a lid which fits tightly or a "dutch oven" with heavy cast lid.  Place on a heat resistant surface. Placing in the sink is usually good.  DO NOT USE WATER  It will continue to burn, but you are containing the heat and smoke.  You can also cover it in sand, but that is less likely to be available.  Appx 5 min, it's done.
Valujet flight 592 and Swissair flight 111 were also cases of fires while airborne. Flight 592 crashed in the Everglades and Flight 111 crashed off the coast of Peggy’s Cove, Canada. Everyone on both flights were killed.
don't most phones and gadgets have lithium batteries? What happens if a mobile phone is stowed away in checked in luggage and has a terminal runaway failure? will all the bags in the cargo hold catch alight?
If they went to DOHA would they have enough time to land safely?
This man clearly deserves 1 million subscribers!
On the subject of onboard fire, SAA flight 295, 28 November 1987, The Helderberg disaster, comes to mind...
I wonder, with the technology we have now, if you could have like a VR goggles set that a pilot could wear and it would display the important flight instruments to the wearer.  Likely not easy to implement in current designs but if it was built into new aircraft designs going forward, perhaps.
Glad you specified "*uncontrolled* in-flight fire". Cause not having any fire at all in flight is called an "engine-out". Lol.
Main mistake of the pilots: Not going to the closest airport... it seems from what has happened that they might have had a much better chance of surviving, both due to much shorter flight time (possibly they would have been able to setup airplane for landing before smoke completely cut the vision), and the communications would have been easier. I guess the initial decision to turn back might have been due in part to the "comfort" factor - landing at home base.
And this, to me, is exactly why transportation of lithium batteries should be ocean only.
He tried, in an impossible scenario.   You can't ask for more.   R.I.P.
It's a real shame that EVAS system came into play a little too late. I'll never forget when the designer of the EVAS system went on 60 minutes over a decade before this happened begging the FAA to make it a mandatory system on all aircrafts and like always with the FAA, it takes people to die to finally give in.
You made me cry this time.  I was a submariner and I fly high performance RC aircraft.  Imagine a fire on a sub.  Same situation.  I've had a misbalanced LiPo fail and detonate just as I got it outside. (5 cell 3000mAh, 4 cell primary failure, 15ft fireball according to witness mom, 5th cell went 1 minute later was out of range then)  FYI people, the non removable battery in your cell phone is held together with aluminum foil practically.  If your phone or any other device is bulging I highly discourage you from ever flying with it.  If any of your devices with internal batteries bulge in the slightest, replace them as soon as possible and dispose of them at a proper location.  Hobbyist trick if you cannot dispose of it properly in time, drop the device into a large bucket of salt water OUTSIDE at least 10 feet from anything flammable.  Let the salt water discharge the battery for at least one month or longer if you know it was at full charge. (at least 1 week)  IF THE BATTERY IS PUNCTURED DO NOT DROP IN WATER!  LITHIUM WILL BASICALLY DETONATE WHEN EXPOSED TO WATER!  If your battery is punctured, place it outside as far away from anything as you can and do not approach it for a week at least.  After this, either waiting for a puncture to become inert (atmospheric water absorption) or discharging in salt water (discharging electrolyte beyond recovery) to become inert, then you can take the battery to a local recycling center.  Technically, now being inert, it could be disposed of in the refuse but we need to preserve all the lithium we have for future generations energy storage needs so please recycle responsibly.   Love your videos, watched a bunch.  First I felt so compelled to help with safety advisory.  Don't fear your batteries, respect them and they'll respect you.
Just a comment before I watch this, your material is so great these days! Well, it's always been great, or should I say, absolutely fantastic, but the quality of the videos that you make these days supplied with your extensive knowledge and elaboration of aviation, I get literally STOKED when I see a new video come from this channel! I think YouTube knows that too because they're always smack dab first thing on the front page for me lol.
I was so hoping they would survive. What a nightmare. 😔 Excellent video as always!
How terrible and hard this accident is, I can’t imagine how was the co-pilot setting in that situation, and the fact that he never gave up fighting these hits that come one after the other just makes him a real hero, may he and the captain both rest in peace.
Can you look in to any of the Russian planes accidents please?
My plane is on fire but I'll choose to land at an airport double the distance away from the one I'm close to.  Absolutely incredible decision making.  I guess there is no checklist for common sense.  And to think there are pilots like this up in the air right now.  Speechless.
FAA allows for Li+ batteries inside devices in checked baggage.  That's a bad idea IMO.  If it has a battery (of any sort really), put it in carry on.  BTW: I was traveling with a box of Li+ batteries (6 big old laptop-style batteries)... why is a bit of a long story.  Anyways, when I went to check in, the ticket agent told me that I should check that clearly labeled box.  I refused and ended explaining to her manager and a TSA agent why the FAA regulations are that spare batteries must be in carry on.
I am watching truck drivers trucking on ICE in Canada. Before each trip they personally check each items on the truck visually. Why a captain fully educated and experienced to fly DOES NOT check his cargo? Especially checking AN UNespecified cargo. #2, questioning& researching why carrying dangerous batteries  on board? Immediately report this to highest authorities and refuse to fly and stay alive. So sorry they lost their lives. Now I have been Emarat airline passenger for the LAST time because when we arrived in Dubai they refused wheelchairs to me and everyone played dumb saying sit down some where to find you one. As I Was sitting, an Arab speaking family showed up and got wheelchair. So, if they did this to me I can believe when they put on this dangerous  cargo on board without explanation and everyone vanished. On the way back to USA (in the plane), many people say LAST TIME FLYING EMARATS airlines and coming to Dubai. Poorly unorganized place.
If only they landed at the closer airport.
Very sad indeed. Brought me to tears. 😭On the separate note, this is next level production. Graphics and video is just wow… congrats to ur team Peter. 👍
Would it have made a difference if the Pack 1 system was working?
This was a terrible ending. The world lost two heroes. They did everything they could to save themselves, when that wasn't possible, they saved people on the ground from their crashing plane. I hope God told them they were successful and nobody on the ground died!
This is so sad, the first officer really fought to the very end. Could have been so much worse
What is striking to me is, in this {War On Drugs & Post 9-11-2001} World, how is it even remotely acceptable to not know, not inspect, not understand every single KG of Cargo that is loaded on a Plane, a Boat, A train, A truck...   How many mystery packages and shipments have and are still going around? And we wonder how so many people are hooked on drugs and how they can possibly get the supplies.... Just makes me sick.
Wow, this one was really hard to watch.
Well done video. But, it was a terrible accident and one I had not read anything about.
Lol of course Petter wasn't only a pilot but was also a fire-fighter. Just ticking off all the badass jobs
Didn't expect the ending! How terrifying and sad! How helpless they must have felt--I feel helpless just listening to the story. Makes you understand why fire is an airline pilot's worst nightmare.
25:52 I guarantee you I feel the stress the FO is under! I'm not a pilot but I'm having a hard time listening to this video. I'm praying he makes it. I love your videos and I re-watch them and some I forget how they end. I don't remember this one but I hope like hell he makes it! I'll find out in a few minutes. You do a damn good job with your videos!! I'm flipping out!!
This was hard to watch. Sometimes the universe just doesn't care, sometimes your number is just up.   Godspeed to both the aircrew; we remember how you died fighting fate itself to the very last.
I'd like to thank you for taking the time to do your own promotions in the middle of your video. Nothing is more jarring or annoying then cutting away from whatever you were watching to some loud and annoying add blaring in the middle of some relaxing dialogue. So thank you for keeping things smooth and seamless, no doubt how you run your cockpit as well
Forgive my ignorance, but once at 10000 ft and setting up for the approach…. Could the first officer not open his right hand window to help relieve some of the smoke?
I believe you meant "Persian Gulf". There is no such name as "A R A B I A N G U L F"! DON'T USE FAKE NAMES!
Felt quite emotional seeing you cover not only a fire incident but a lithium battery fire specifically. I'm cabin crew and recently dealt with an incident during boarding. The passengers were a huge help and the outcomes were as good as could be, but it has haunted me a bit since. Thank you for taking the opportunity, while discussing this horrendous catastrophe, to emphasise the relevant safety points for passengers.
Another excellent video analyzing aviation accidents. In NYC there have been many fires caused by charging ebike lithium-Ion batteries overheating, catching on fire, and many times EXPLODING. Some of these incidents also resulted in fatalities. Thank You Petter for your dedication to making this channel very interesting💖
Jesus. That's nasty. This feels like one of those absolutely horrific situations where you'd KNOW you're not going to survive, but you have to keep trying just in case some unexpected miracle happens. I can't even imagine the terror that filled the last few minutes of these guys lives.  I can understand why passenger airliners wouldn't have parachutes on board for the crew, but surely as a last resort for cargo planes it would be acceptable? Once it became obvious that there was no way to land and no more options, why not allow them to point the aircraft out to sea and get the hell out. Surely in this situation, with zero visibility in the cabin and little to no control, no one could criticize the crews actions if they minimised the risk to people on the ground then saved themselves by bailing out?  Lithium battery fires are evil at the best of times. They give off serious heat, flammable toxic smoke, sparks and jet's of flame. It's almost impossible to put them out once they ignite as the reaction is self oxidising, and water just makes the stuff even more angry. Once they're alight the best thing you can do is just stay away from them, unfortunately, on an aircraft in flight that isn't really an option.  When an electric car catches fire, the most emergency services can usually do is keep people safe, prevent the fire from spreading to other nearby things, and wait for it to finally burn itself out (.......... And to think, most of the world's government's have mandated deadlines in the not too distant future that mean we'll ONLY be able to buy electric vehicles !).
Really appreciate your take on this incident. I'd watched another video on the same and it focused heavily on the investigation into the cause of the fire and little on what happened in the cockpit. This has brought a fresh new perspective on what happened to the pilots.
My advice to pilots; If you detect smoke, either through smell or an alarm, immediately head for the closest airport with an acceptable runway.     Once you've done that, then you can second guess your senses or the alarm. You can try to find the cause or dance a jig. If you find the situation is not an emergency, then just cancel the landing request and get back on course.        The important thing is to not let anything get in the way of landing that aircraft A.S.A.P!      I don't care if where you're landing has no fire fighting ability. The clock is ticking and I'd rather land sooner and get everybody out, than lower my chance of survival by flying longer to a better equipped airport.       I am in no way criticizing these pilots. Their deaths, and other fire deathsk helped me reach the above opinion.       The normalcy bias has killed hundreds of airline passengers.       If it's a false alarm, your passengers and cargo are alive. If it's a real fire, you have vastly increased your chances of survival.      Don't f__k with fire!
This was in the most anxiety inducing "Mayday: Air Disaster" episode. I happened to watch it several times on tv and looked to find something about it online, but there wasn't much. During the last weeks I discovered this channel, which has become one of my favourites. I watched every accident video you did, because you just do these videos better than everybody, and I often thought "Man, such a pity he didn't do UPS 6...". Now that I'm watching it, I want to thank you so much for this, the quality of your work is purely a consequence of your passion, and the importance you give to the responsibilities that come with this passion that is your job. I'm not a pilot, I'm not training to become one, I'm just passionate about aviation and your channel is so awesome!
Really stupid question:  Is there anyway of having an emergency window release from any of the cockpit windows to suck out that air at a certain height without causing a depressurization catastrophe?
Is there no scan of the cargo? So whether the cargo is declared 'dangerous goods' is purely decision of the sender?
An amazing production of a horrible tragedy. 2 question. Could someone at Dubai ATC have switched over to the Bahrain frequency & talked to the pilot directly? Is this one rare instance where the ability to bail out of the aircraft may have been better?
I was a volunteer firefighter for 6 years and I know the feeling of dread when smoke becomes so dark you cannot even orient yourself as to left to right or even up and down. The training we received was top notch but I will never be able to shake that dread feeling. I cannot imagine trying to fly a plane while this is going on.
On this flight they realized why their company is named that way
Absolutely tragic. The amount of stress that poor first officer had to have been under, undoubtedly knowing death was a strong possibility. What an amazing person to have been able to do as much as he did under those conditions. So often in situations like this I feel like they always get so close to safety but just can’t quite make it 😢
I am watching truck drivers trucking on ICE in Canada. Before they start each dangerous trip, they check each items in the truck. But they do this on the grounds. Why a flying captain does NOT check personally what is putting in his plane? Questioning and rejecting the batteries being on board, and refuse to fly the plane, and report this to the highest authorities. #2 ok, you did not check your cargo and you are flying. WHY did you ignore 4+alerts by plane instruments? Now that smoke have saturated the plane arguing
Hi, I wish you will make a professional video about the following subject : Since earth curvature formula is aprox 8" per mile squared, a jet flying for one hour at cruising speed should be practically descending with its nose down at 2.5 times the angle of its regular average airport descent landing just to cover that curvature, however we don't feel anything other than the plane flying level at cruising altitude. With planes Luke the Concorde this phenomenon is even more unexplicable. I know what you have been taught and where your indoctrination comes from, but for the rest us of low IQ, do you think you can make sense of it on a video that can put this issue to rest once and for all. Remember that you chose to  Describe yourself as a mentour, but if you do find my issue important I promuse to forgive you for misspelling the word mentor.
Tragic, how one thing after another piled up on the First Officer... Wow.
At the end of the video Petter explains why I'm hearing a new safety warning: if you lose your portable electronic device in your seat - do not adjust your seat to retrieve the device. Call a flight attendant. It seems they are worried that the battery could be damaged by the mechanism and start a fire.
I wish airplanes could be remote controlled, have their autopilot accept commands from airports for when pilots are incapacitated.
Great video, thanks a lot. I am asking myself, does the 747 have cockpit side windows which can be opened? I mean, they were allready depressurized. Opening a window sounds desperade but may be would have helped to get rid of the smoke? Can anybody explain?
I can't put my head around the fact that [especially] a cargo plane has no thermal sensors, and damn cameras in the holds. SMFH.   Not all fires are smoky at first.  And you cant just go check and see the innards of a huge plane.
This is the most terrifying story I’ve ever heard on your channel. I will be extra vigilant about batteries and tell everyone I know to be careful as well.
This is terrifying and heartbreaking. My thoughts go to the families of these two pilots.  I know that water can be much more violent and deadly and keeping a calm mind and adhering to safe behaviour can save us even in a bad fire: still I am much more scared of fire ...  Thank you for telling this in a respectful way (as always)!
Its like playing Hide and Seek with a Ghost.  *When we finally can see the danger, its FAR too late. You're going down, no questions asked.*
Deeply moving in many ways.  🙏
Once the aircraft was in a lower altitude (like when they were getting close to the airport), couldn't the first officer had oppened the flight deck window to help him to breath and take the smoke away?
Amazed that this was as recent as 2010. Madness having such a lack of strict protocols and fire suppression on board
Stupid question: Could the pilot open the window? That should help with the smoke a little bit, or not? They lost pressurization anyway, right? Thanks for answer.
I don't understand why Dubai couldn't temporarily change one of it's radios to the same frequency as Bahrain? Just so they could deal with this emergency better. Also, with a cargo plane where the cargo area and the flight deck are separated, shouldn't it have a something like a Novec 1230 system?
Very good video on a very sad subject. It makes you think that you don't always make the most rational decisions when you're under pressure.. Makes you think that the Smartwings 1125 passengers and crew were very lucky to made it from Greece to Prague in one piece!
jesus!
This would just be the worst situation for me to be confronted with
The moment you said the fire started I thought of taking the plane to it's ceiling and opening the cargo area, but from your video I assume this can´t be done. I have a small business, and we installed a Halon tank in the storage area. Regarding the crew, even though he crashed, the first officer did an amazing job under those conditions. A last remark: I was on the line to board once when ground personnell asked a person to remove the batteries of a radio he was carrying, this person complained a lot about it, several passengers had to explain to him that they were dangerous.
"YOU SHOULD WIN A YOUTUBE AWARD FOR BEST "AVIATION INVESTIGATIVE REPORTING."
Damaged batteries can heatup up to few k. So everything what is lighted by it can be set on fire. Casual flame is colder
Why did the pilots not open their windows to suck the smoke out and let some fresh air in?
What a horrible accident. I wonder if implementing virtual reality into the oxygen mask to display primary flight information would be a good idea, no need to set up the smoke shield that was made after this accident
This accident is so incredibly tragic 😭
I grew up on aviation disaster stories. My dad and brother were airplane-obsessed. My dad wanted to be a pilot, but his vision wasn't good enough. My brother is an aircraft maintenance engineer. And I find the whole subject boring. But your videos remind me of listening to my dad and brother analyzing every disaster in detail over family dinners. My brother and I were read crash stories at bedtime. I've to read, and didn't have many books of my own so I started reading my dad airplane books by the time I was 11 or 12. I read "It Doesn't Matter Where You Sit", "The Ghost of Flight 401" "All 4 Engines have Failed". And many many others I've forgotten.    I'm familiar with most of the stories you cover. My dad would love your channel. He passed away 5.5 years ago. I'm loving thecwalk down memory lane watching your videos. I'm sure my dad is hanging out with pilots in Heaven, hearing all the first hand accounts.
Now I have two questions: 1) Why didn't Dubai send a militairy interceptor aircraft? An escorting military pilot could see the mistakes that the FO makes early on. Such a military aircraft could also provide more options to relay the messages to the 747 (and provide communications with less intermediary steps). 2) What if you open the window after depressurising? Even if the window is built at an angle to not actively vent or suck in fresh air, then at least the turbulence can somewhat mix the smoke with the outside air and thin it out a little bit.
thay should land on the water
What about a water landing?
Mean while me looking at my UPS tracking page and wondering why it still says in transit
Awful that he was so very close to landing it successfully.
This got me nailed to my computer following the heroic fight til the end. You did just so well telling the evnts as if one had been there and feel how terrible the situation was. Thanks Petter! May the crew rest in peace.
we've got an exciting idea in fire extinguishers
Correction: The airport the pilot headed for is transliterated from Arabic as "Sharjah" as spelled on all the airport signs. The locals and expatriates pronounce it as shar - juh. In Arabic, it contains a Q but Egyptians pronounce this as a J. The Lebanese have a different way of pronouncing a Q but it doesn't sound remotely like the way you've pronounced the name. 😉
A harrowing story, brilliantly told, with lessons for pilots and passengers alike. Thank you!
I wonder how the event could’ve been changed had they decided to go to Doha instead of turning back. Perhaps they could’ve landed. Or maybe by that point, the gear cables would’ve already been damaged and they wouldn’t have much better luck
At work we commonly ship Class 8 corrosive goods. Have been asked several times not to declare it because of the costs involved.   It would be very easy to loose awareness of what other major airports are in the area.
I've always wondered what is a safe way to carry Li-ion batteries on an aircraft. If a Li-ion battery undergoes thermal runaway failure, that will become a class delta fire (you indirectly mentioned this when you said that it creates its own oxygen). Class delta fires cannot be extinguished with handheld extinguishers, because even if you use CO2 to starve the fire of oxygen, the fuel itself is producing enough oxygen to sustain the fire. Given this is there ANY safe way to carry a Li-ion battery aboard a plane? Every passenger has one in their pocket.
At 15:22, could the request to descend to 10000 ft be as a result of PAC 1 no longer functioning? I know they have the oxygen masks as well. With the depressurized plane the first thing is to get down to 10000ft. Is the mask oxygen supply limited?
I'm always on the lookout for your new videos.  They never disappoint.
Having the spare oxygen masks stowed in a location that require the pilots to get out of their seats and remove the main oxygen masks also seems like a flaw.
As a last resort, how about quickly descending to 10,000 feet or lower and opening pilots' side windows at low speed and keeping the cockpit door open and allowing the wind from the windows to blow away the smoke out through cockpit door!  I wonder if this would have washed away the smoke and improve visibility!
I wonder if there is a window that can be opened in the cockpit?
I hope they install better fire suppression systems that dont solely relying on pressure differentials to supress a fire. It is reckless of cargo companies to give so few tools.
I'm yet to find any industry that is comfortable with fire.
Hey petter, one question regarding this. Do you think it would have made any impact on visibility if the pilots had opened the cockpit windows? Could that have drawn some of the smoke out of the flight deck into the slip stream? Would it have made things worse or just done nothing at all?
A friend of mine has been involved in the fire extinguishing industry and one day we had a silly discussion. One the things said about the best way to put a fire out was.......    putting out through a fire exit.  In the case of a plane - jettisoning all the cargo.
This got worse with every minute. Does every company have EVAS for their pilots?
Makes me wonder if they could use a "ram-air" scoop to pressurise the flight deck in case of pack failure. At the very least it, combined with the venturi vent at the back of the cockpit, would allow air flow to go through the cockpit and eject the smoke from the cockpit...  could be deployed like a RAT does in emergency. Those tent tube things look cumbersome fit up in a smoke filled situation..
I'm trying to imagine just the act of, with everything happening around you, of being blind, and alone, and losing oxygen, knowing, "If I crash here I will possibly kill hundreds with me," vs, "If I yank up as hard as I possibly can, only I will die," and being able to make that happen. That requires an unbelievably level head, and an ability to rapidly manage a crisis, to a degree I cannot fathom.
Can't wait to fly again. Always loved it. It's the safest way to travel.
5:00 it is the Persian Gulf..
They should've land in Doha. I have thoughts that initially they didn't realize the severity of the situation and turn to Dubai just because they didn't want to land on non-UPS base and upsetting some bean counters.
Regarding the relay with the aircraft, would it have been possible for Dubai to switch their radios to match frequency of Bahrain to have direct communication?
Such a terrifying and sad accident. I'm curious though. If the FO had somehow gotten the plane ready for an autopilot landing. Would the autopilot land the airplane without the landing gear deployed?
Tragic. So close to a good ending.  Calm to the end these pilots were.  I've always said that pilots are a certain breed. like surgeons really.
As opposed to many other crashes, this is a story of absolute professionalism and duty. There were no glib remarks, arrogance, or oversights. This is a true testament to never giving up
Great video!
Oh my god, the odyssee this FO must have went through is really heartbreaking to hear. He must have been aware of his chances quite early on but he kept fighting. So many pieces of bad luck determining his path... if they would ve only been lucky on at least one of them they might have made it. So, so sad.  Besides that your storytelling on this episode was absolutly fantastic, Petter. I watched almost all of your videos and also all of your accident reports. But this episode got me the most emotionally involved so far. Great work! Thank you for that!
I know this is an "easy to say afterwards" but would it have been better to ditch the plane in the sea off the coast of Dubai? I know that's dangerous enough in itself, but it mightve given the FO a chance at survival.  Rest in peace, I can only imagine the almost surreal final moments this man went through. Blinded. Stressed. Fearing for his life, either from a crash or from burning to death. In a plane that was arguably uncontrollable. Probably hoping this was just a nightmare, and he would at any moment wake up. Rest in peace.
Hello Mentor Pilot - I've always found airplanes fascinating and I marvel every time I board a jet.  I really enjoy your storytelling as well as your ability to present the technical explanations in an interesting and understandable way for all to enjoy, even the non aviators!
Non aviator here - Two points- It was terrifying to see the damage that can be associated with lithium batteries.  We all have them and who knows what we do with them and where we put them? Secondly, when you explained how many communication relays had to happen once the plane was out of that first radio contact range, my heart sunk. What dedication and effort on the part of the others involved with communication to ATC!  Excellent video as always, although so very sad for the pilots and their loved ones. I wish the FO could have known that his last effort saved many lives.
I wonder if they can lan on that closer airport. Bahrai would maintain radar and radio contact wich would speed up communication process and maybe they could prepare plane too land before smoke start be too much of an issue.
You Would think that a system of. Isolation exist on board. Where fire can be contained and. Neutralize!
Hi thanks for these videos.I have one question sir Why ATC in DUBAI keep contacting him in relai instead of switching on the same frequency as Him ,which is the BAHRAIN ACC using a VHF RADIO station
listening to this gave me second-hand anxiety, good job
Why was Dubai not changing the frequency to the Barain-frequency ?
A tragic story, but told very well and respectfully. Those pilots are legends and their determination in such a hostile environment was very emotional. May they Rest In Peace.
3:55 F/E - a Mr Whistle or perhaps a Mr Horn ?
22:00 - about the radio relay issue: Since both Bahrain and Dubai are aware of this issue and they know that ther is a life-threatening emergency ongoing, why can't Dubai change their frequency of their radio to Bahrains frequency? They gotta have some backup radios there, right? Any hand-held radio would suffice here...   And yes, this might cause interference issues for other traffic, but Bahrain could also change their frequency for a couple of minutes, right?
An fire in an car is literally one of the worst things in an car because of similar reasons. See the 2020 F1 crash for example.
As a dangerous goods supervisor in airfreight, I always considered lithium batteries the scariest dgr goods of all. They look so "innocent", but once they start acting crazy, there's almost no way out. And it's impressive to see how ICAO, IATA and FAA find solutions to any new problem. Thanks for this great video!
I am always on the edge of my seat when you tell your stories they are so great
Wow, the quality of the video is amazing, awesome work! But also... As a freight forwarder I kept wondering how the hell lithium batteries ended up on that plane without the dangerous goods declaration... the shipper was neglecting his duties but also why didn't the freight ring any alarm bells with the specialists handling the documentation and cargo manifest? Unfortunately, we in the seafreight branch had to have accidents too before dangerous goods declarations and also weight declarations became much more controlled and serious...
This is just so traumatic. Breaks my heart.
You have to give it up for that First Officer.  Flying blind, terrified, and still fought that bird for all he could.  Amazing courage.
Oh my goodness The most horrific story I have ever heard. Flying totally blind in a very hot fire knowing his Captain is dead and trying with every fiber of his being  to land and avoid any damages to people/property on the ground. I have been in a house fire but of course I could just walk out the door. Having seen the damage the smoke alone caused was a shock to me. I cannot imagine what those poor men must have been feeling being stuck in a cockpit with no where to go, not even being able see a dam thing!!!
I remember that horrible day.  Such a sad, sad loss.    When the final report came out, I was shocked to learn that these freighters didn't have a better fire detection and suppression system.  At the same time, I understood the reasons why, even though they were fallacious in nature.  It should not take a catastrophe to cause change, but the way we're wired, that's often what happens.  I hesitate to say this next part, but good did come from this specific catastrophe-- but it in no way justifies the loss of life that happened, nor does it lessen that fact.  Sadly, the loss of life is the road often traveled that leads to the preservation of lives in the future.  As always, excellent analysis.  Thank you!
Might be worth emphasizing a point made in this video, about batteries.  Lithium ion batteries aren't just a flammable material, containing fuel that can burn. Most lithium ion batteries also contain the oxidizer necessary to sustain combustion, meaning that a fire can start deep within a battery assembly or sealed container, where there is very little air or none at all. Finally, they also contain the energy needed to start a fire -- electrochemical energy which can be instantly converted to heat if the battery is shorted, damaged internally, or enters a thermal runaway condition. Lithium ion batteries are literally all three sides of the "fire triangle" you might have learned about in elementary school, all in one package. (Lithium iron phosphate batteries in particular, it should be noted, are an exception -- they have a significantly reduced tendency to self-ignite.)
So, if we do as instructed and keep lithium batteries in our carry on luggage... how does cabin crew handle a fire in our carry on luggage? Or in a cellphone or computer?
Such a sad story! But it's such a great lesson for the aviation industry in general. I hope they implement all the recommendations that are put forth. Great job as usual! Your production quality and story telling just keeps on getting  better and better from time to time. I'm sure I will watch it over n over. 👍💯
So did the battery package owner get any legal action from airline?
Just clicked on video, but yeah fire on a plane is never going to be fun.
Man doha would’ve saved them.
Questions: a “Final Report” mentions recommendations. Why no “requirements”? Is it mandatory to implement the recommendations? I am an auditor, we audit against requirements and any non-conformities must lead to compliance with the standard.
Why do they not integrate some sort of a VR display into the oxygen masks to that the pilots would see the relevant information in their masks?
Interesting video! Qs:  Why not install cameras in the cargo area?  Can the cabin windows be manually opened, even if it is just a tad to let some air in (or let some smoke out)?  Better shielding for the cargo areas?
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! A great PSA for all air travelers! I will share for all of my friends and family to make sure they check their electronics before air travel and do not bring/pack spare batteries on an airplane. 🚫🔋✈🔥
With a depressurised Cockpit, would it theoretically be possible to open the Window, so the smoke could be sucked out? Or is there still a to big pressuredifference because of the high-speed-air outside or an additional lockmechanism during flight?
If the fire does nothing but heat up the control cables, do the cables loose tension from the heat because the of basic heat expansion?
I'm heard and read about this accident several times but as you explained it that shocked me even more than the first time. Despite I knew about the ill fate of the pilots I held my breath and crossed fingers for the F/O if he could "manage this time to survive"… Very well told and even better explained, Captain, thank you (as always)!
The advise about Lithium  or Lithium-Ion batteries is well taken. Unfortunately, most of us here are aviation enthusiast, and I suspect the average passenger doesn't know this.  I was reading about Li-ion battery fires after watching this and learned that oxygen doesn't play a roll in their ability to burn, and my guess is that depressurizing and remaining at 25 thousand feet was done to remove oxygen, but in this case it would have made no difference because it was a chemical fire.  Horrible, so very tragic.
If they had known about the lithium batteries before loading, is there anything they would or could have done differently other than leaving them on the ground?
This is a horror story. That FO must have gone through hell. It's incredible that the plane missed populated areas, as you said Petter, could have been so much worse! Very sad indeed.
As a reference for how bad visibility in smoke is: I opened my front door one night and was meet by a faint alarm and grey smoke. I panicked, ran down the hall into the kitchen kicking open the door simultaneously hitting both light switches. Absolutely nothing happened, total pitch black darkness, turned around to look at the light switch and I couldn’t even see the open lit doorway less than 2 feet away. When I looked up to the light only could see the faintest grey glow in the darkness.  Absolutely terrifying. And consider that was a small fire in a big space with moderate ventilation.
Loved the video but the J in Sharjah is a normal J and not “shariah”
What a complete NIGHTMARE of a flight. Good lord. RIP.  I wonder if things would have played out differently had they landed in Bahrain rather than try to go back to Dubai.
Is it possible that pilots dismiss alarms to easily? Perhaps because the alarms are not terribly reliable?
with the aircraft depresurized, couldn't he have opened the window? This is one of the worst accidents ever, I can't even begin to think what must have been going through the mind of those two poor pilots.
Fire is also a primary fear for anyone working onboard ships.
I just saw the Air Disasters TV docume tary on this incident live last weekend.
Shades of Swissair 111... lesson not learned: in case of smoke/fire, get it on the ground ASAP. There's just no time for anything else. RIP, very sad indeed.
Incredible Petter, my compliments. You present these accident investigations so realistic, I experience this video for example as a thriller movie; I feel my whole body in tension, awaiting what's to happen next. Aware of the fact this has really happened, I feel sorry, of course, for the pilots, but the way you share this, I think is so factual, informative, honest and understanding of the circumstances... I'm just a fan. Every week I look forward to your upload, because it's real. Thank you for that.
Wow, that sounds fucking awful. I can’t imagine the fear the first officer must have felt.
Great video, my only feedback would be that a bit of an explanation on lithium battery fires would be nice. I work with them frequently and by far the most dangerous thing is that once they get hot enough to burn the only way to stop it is to cool them down with a lot of water and it is very difficult to do so. Even then, the fire might start again afterwards
I'm sorry.  I have to put the blame completely on the pilot.  A) I would have held the recommended altitude or higher until the last possible minute regardless.  Descending was stupid stupid stupid.  No excuse.  B) He should have gone to the nearer airport.  There was nothing right about his decision to almost double the time in the air with a fire.
Unfortunately I think the fate of the pilots was already sealed even if they had landed.  Unlikely they could’ve been extracted alive.   Likewise the plane was probably a complete loss after landing without gears and fully lit up.   Tragic story told well by Petter.
The plastic bags that allow pilots to see through smoke were first suggested after the crash of EasyJet 592 in July 1996.
Dude, it's persian gulf! it's even written huge on your map!! Reading history thoroughly about this gulf would improve your knowledge! so do it before you upload any content!!!
incredible how far they got and very nearly got back on the tarmac. having worked for fedex for many years, although alot is being done to control DG, like lithium batteries, there is still alot that gets on board, unlabelled, in incorrect packaging. more still needs to be done but as we all know it will take more blood to be spilled to do something about it.
Absolutely horrendous story, it sent chills down my spine! Beautifully narrated and presented, I can imagine it was especially difficult for you to create this video. One cannot imagine the horror the FO was living during his final moments of what should have been a routine flight. Hope more people remember not to put batteries in their checked in luggage, I will certainly never do it after watching this.
No Wonder the guy was very agitated, small wonder that he held together as long as he did
I was so hoping the first officer made it, what a tragedy.,
Fire means immediate landing closest airport. Big mistake not taking the 100 mile away divert instead of almost double the distance to return.
they should put aerogel on the cargo perimeter, since it's light and good at stopping fires
Why the heck doesn't the pilot have access to the electrical controls directly as well?  This sounds a bit like the max where penny pinching on the design to save money.   Seriously boggles my mind that in modern aircraft they rely on a single cable to control the aircraft.
PART 2 of 2: The moral of my story is the following. You see if you try to do the right thing in life even though it's a little bit harder and takes a little more time positive things will happen. I kept the battery and started reading (insert company) reviews on this particular brand of replacement battery. A few people had said that the negative positive terminals don't exactly line up and one person moved the phone terminal slightly. What do you know? I got the battery to work perfectly. Yep my refund is still in place. Great advice Petter, always have an eye on your lithium battery devices.
Firefighter. From 1:19 I was just ... it takes 2800 litres according to Tesla, to extinguish one of their cars. Which is exactly the same as what we carry on a standard appliance. Also wearing BA, compressed air supply is cool, hot gasses containing tar and all sorts hit that cold surface of your visor and instantly condense, covering your vision in tar. You can wipe it but increasingly, you cannot see .... and that is when you at least have media in order to fight the fire. Those poor guys stood no chance 😢
PART 1 of 2: 2 months ago I had my own lithium battery experience. I ordered a replacement battery for my cell phone through (insert company) thinking if I went camping and didn't have power that two batteries would be a good thing. So I got the battery and tried it and it stopped working and acted strange after one charge. So I contacted (insert company) as they have a satisfaction guaranteed refund policy. While on the phone getting instructions about returning the battery and receiving the refund in my account I also received an email on how to return the battery through UPS. In bold capital type it warned me not to return defective batteries. I've always been hypersensitive to this subject after viewing stories such as laptops exploding or the aircraft that went down in the Everglades whereas they only could find parts of bodies and they assumed the massive amount of gators had their way. So anyway I called (insert company) back and explained to their people that they understood that I'm claiming this battery is defective and they want me to ship this back? You see I have no control after I box it up and put (insert company) label on it of how they get it whether it's through a flight or in a truck. They agreed with me and sent me a follow-up email instructing me to not send it back and dispose of it appropriately on how I saw fit and that I would still get my refund.
This series are fantastic for learning from experience.  Very very interesting.
why tf do you need to disconnect your *smoke goggles* to get yourself some oxygen?
It's sad that they've managed to keep the plane under control for so long and crashed because the copilot didn't see where he's going and he missed the runway. And the beginning I would say that the autopilot/plane keept them alive , but then because they've entered the wrong details it (almost) killed them , crashing anyway shortly after. 😥
Those poor pilots, they had so much stacked against them, and besides be clairvoyant, so very little they could have done. It must have been such an awful feeling once the control panels became completely hidden, and realising their comms were virtually useless due to the huge delay. At least they've possibly saved the lives of any other poor sole that ends up with a cockpit that full of smoke with the vision assurance system.
Nightmare
Every video raises the quality of production this is great
Just terrifying. Anyone whose worked on aircraft, be it pilot or cabin crew, knows just how dangerous fire on an aircraft can become. This story is so harrowing  knowing what they went through. RIP.
I just saw one of those labels on a package yesterday with a second label saying it was not allowed in the hold of passenger aircraft.  it's occasionally alarming knowing that all of our advanced materials that work so well when things go right are so much more dangerous when things go wrong.
Absoluitely dreadful, like you said it's impossible to imagine how terrified and stressed the co pilot would have been.  But to put those final inputs in to stop this from being any worse in those insane conditions, he's a hero.
Were Doha and Dubai the only available airports or could they have landed somewhere closer to their position, somewhere on the shore?
Love your videos! Any chance you can do one on Spanair flight 5022?
Mentour Pilot is also a firefighter?! What a hero. Great video
Amazing storyteller!! I have zero technical ability and yet I am completely riveted by this channel. !! It's absolutely fascinating!
Im just making it to the end and i cant believe how close he was..valiant effort and he definitely saved lives.
This is horrible and tragic .. Guess alot of people and companies are Not Going get Good/ orders they desperate Need ASAP !
22:49 I'm thinking what else could possibly go wrong then, oh right, the telephone game.
Why can't it land itself?
Excellent narration - was hoping for a "happy ending"  but, what a tragedy!!! No fire extinguishers!!!? Unbelievable.
4:34 the yellw thing, peaking out of the ceiling . . . is that the stairs to the upper deck?
This is one of the accidents that hit me hardest. I remember watching it on Air Crash Investigation and just hoping that they made it. When it was clear that they didn't make it, and knowing the co-pilot fought right to the end, I just cried. All of the accidents where people have lost their lives is incredibly sad, but rarely do I cry. As always, thank you for your non-dramatised analysis of this story.
What a horror….
There needs to happen first a terrible accident on a passenger caused batteries before they set up really working rules that prevents such batteries in suitcases. Instead they following stupid rules at the security that I have to throw away an half empty bottle of coke or so but if it is written 300 ml on it, but I have to throw it away even if there is just a sip of "dangerous" coke left, but they are not able to ask people propperly at the suitcase check in if they have lithium batteries in there (and I for example didn't know that it's especially lithium that is so dangerous) and they should not just ask, because people lie frequently, they should also explain PROPPERLY and in all languages, why it is so important and dangerous.
Nice. I wasn't aware that you were a previous airport firefighter. So you have some inside information besides your aviation knowledge. Nice!
This is a brutal story. I'm surprised they didn't head towards the closest airport when they got the warning, but  it also shows how quickly everything went sideways after they got the warning.
Horrifying..i cant even imagine the feeling. As always a great job by the team and yourself
Having been a HazMat inspector during my career, the question I have is: Would proper marking and labeling of the hazardous goods have made any difference in the outcome of this tragic crash?
i have learnt a whole lot today thanks to you, i will remove my battries and take them with me in the cabin just in case..
Why not send fighter jets?
this was worth waiting!
Maybe if they had smashed a window out in the cockpit they could have survived.
I've just started watching, and so far it looks like, the morale of this story is that you can carefully follow all the guidelines as a passenger all you want, all your luggage may be x-rayed multiple times every time you travel, but some cargo carrier may just load a tonn of batteries and no one would care. OK, back to watching...
your videos about air crash investigations are very professional and technical! Can you do a video about the sad Air France 447 flight with your honest opinions about?
From all the accident investigation videos you did this one is by far the most terrifying.
I'm not a pilot but I'm horrified
The thing that hurts the most is that they probably would have landed if they went to the closer airport. Then this crash wouldn’t have happened
Cheeky use of the SSG with the default/msparks 747
I was a SAR mission controller with the USCG...many, many, many, moons ago. Am wondering why  Dubai controllers could not or did not tune to Bahrain frequencies to communicate with emergency aircraft. It violates radio frequency allocation regulations but doctrine of 'force majeur' obviates that.  You can violate any regulation in the effort to save lives. We occasionally used frequencies that were not allocated to us to save the occasional life.
it may sound crazy but would it be possible to open the cockpit window in such a situation? i mean you rather see anything and have the wind than seeing nothing due to smoke.
Please do FedEx Flight 88, the MD-11 that crashed into the Pacific in 1995 or 1996.. It had one surviving crew member if I recall.
Did the investigation ever form an opinion as to whether or not they could’ve made it to Bahrain instead of turning for Dubai?
Absolutely horrifying. I would never wish this on my worst enemies. No one deserves to die like this, choking for air, not being able to see your controls, not knowing when the inevitable will happen.
I absolutely LOVE your videos and insight! Always look forward to the next release!
There's a few more bad crashes due to fire.. value jet went down because of emergency oxygen canisters loaded not secured in the cargo area next to spare tires.this was a 2 engine jet I think a DC9 or MD 80.. something like that.the other crash was a big commercial jet ,like a newer version of a L1011 or so..3 engines on the rear of fuselage.the in-flight entertainment system wires on roof of cabin shorted out.wire bundle ignited and smoke started to fill the cockpit..sad part was that if the pilots would had not turned off the A/C system or something like that the smoke would had gone to the rear not the front..it would had given crew a few xtra minutes to dump fuel,turn around and land.those crashed in the ocean not far from Maine/ New Brunswick north coast...crazy thing is I remember back in the days when you could smoke in the plane! Seats had ashtrays! Right after takeoff everyone would light up instantly!! I don't believe they had so many tragic fires back then!?!?!🤪👍
He should set speed as low as possible and put low vertical speed and cradh it in the ocean or dessert.
Awesome series. Thank you, Petter.
RIP to the pilots of UPS flight 6
We don't buy cheap batteries my mom always buys Duracell. They batteries on the air plan was probably purchased at the 99 cent store.
In safety video this is important- If you drop your phone/any electronic device. DO NOT adjust you seat and seek assistance from cabin crew.  This is to prevent battery damage and cabin fire.
On the ring of Brussel, I have seen a Tesla its batteries catch fire. Once one goes, the chain reaction goes fast. People stopped to help, but the car got engulfed by a fireball in no time. It was horrible… the driver burned up. The rescuers couldn’t get to him in time. Still can see him sit there…
What does AF stand for? That plane was aircraft af.
Very interesting and well done presentation 👏
Please do a video about why you always need to account for all of your batteries while onboard aircraft, and why you always alert the cabin crew should you drop one and cannot find it quickly.
I know there are other plane crashes with more casualties, but damn, this flight was so painful to watch!
Thank you for covering this event. I always remember it very solemnly. I am a ramp employee at UPS at the main hub in Louisville Kentucky. I remember watching the aircraft, N571UP, as it departed Louisville for what would be the last time, just a couple of days before the accident. The mood at UPS was very solemn: it was the first time a UPS plane had gone down with loss of life. Since then UPS has indeed taken many measures to insure a similar accident doesn't happen again. Improved oxygen masks for flight crew. Fire resistant containers and coverings for pallets which are now in widespread use. And tighter regulations for carrying lithium batteries abord aircraft. This accident and the investigation made flying both freight and passengers much safer.  On a side note, N571UP was a young 747. At the time of the accident, the aircraft was just three years old, and had just over 10,000 hours flying time.
May they all, RIP.
UPS?  RIP your packages..
Thank you for explaining these incidents / accidents the way you do 👍 IMO you are in a class of your own.
RIP 🙏 to the pilots. Seems like they were doomed at their departure. Hopefully this instance will spawn better systems to prevent such a thing from happening again . What a horrible story 😞
Isn't there a escape hatch in the cockpit ceiling? No idea if one could open that in flight. even a small crack would provide venilation. Cant understand nothing in that direction was even thought of.
Protecting my source, it's common for some consumer electronics companies to ship individual items worth hundreds to press and declare them as cheap knickknacks to save on customs and insurance.  Unfortunately I'm not surprised by the setup of this story.
This was GREAT storytelling. Gripping, terrifying and tragic.  Petter - question for you: back in the days when you COULD smoke on airplanes - why were there so few accidents caused by that? Fire is so dangerous on an airplane, but I’m not aware of any major disasters caused by a passenger smoking…
I have 10 years of experience with lithium batteries. And even on ground those things require respect.
I didn't know batteries could be so dangerous. I've checked my luggage more than one time with my laptop (and its lithium battery) inside.  I think next time my computer is coming with me into the cabin.
Thank you for another great video Mentour Pilot.  I understand that all our devices now contain batteries so they can't be banned in the carry-on because passengers would not travel if they were not allowed cell phones.  However what I don't understand is the necessity to keep batteries out of checked bags.  Assuming a battery fails and combusts in flight, how is it safer to have that fire in the passenger cabin than in the cargo hold?  Just a point of personal curiosity; I'd never assume I know more about airline safety than the airlines so obviously there's a reason for this that I'm missing.
Oh my gosh. That was riveting. And sad.
All new mobiles use lithium ion so I guess shipping them via air freight is a no no. Oh and just call me Bob
Would depressurizing the hold slow down a fire by reducing oxygen levels?
Heartbreaking - so many ”if only X, then they might have had a chance”.
This is the most excellent example of how to do such documentaries. To the point, objective, proffesional. Thank you!
Were there any consequences for the shipper who failed to declare the batteries correctly?
Why has not been possible to open an intake valve on the front (cockpit) and a vent valve on the back of the plane and let the physics do its job? Maybe under 25,000 ft this would have fed the fire with oxygen but at least the surviving pilot would have better visibility. If pack #1 fails, why the contingency is not a air intake to rise the pressure in the cockpit?  For sure I am missing something...
I'll remember to thank TSA agents every time I pass through the security.
Two episodes of Air Disasters have particularly stuck with me...this one and FedEx 705 where a suicidal employee tried to crash the plane.  Fortunately, he was unsuccessful, but a harrowing ordeal nonetheless.  Thank you for covering this, Petter.  A horrible outcome which could have been far worse for those on the ground as you say.
Great vid! Can’t imagine the stress that the first officer must’ve gone through.
I've seen a bunch of Mayday/ACI episodes, but the one that covered this crash was probably the most terrifying one they covered.
13:45 "the smoke GOOGLES"  bwahaha
How harrowing this must have been for the relay aircraft.  I had heard that other aircraft in the area had heard everything but I didn't know about the relay.   If only one extra person  pays better attention to batteries while flying because of watching this, it's worth it.  People also need to pay attention to what they send in the post when shipping internationally...
You and your team construct these stories in ways that are easy to understand and follow.  I watch several other flight-related channels and this is by far the best.
"Never check-in Li-ion batteries to the luggage". Unless Ryanair staff asks you to "please, leave your carry-on bag in front of the aircraft".
Excellent episode on a horrific topic.  Were you a firefighter before being a pilot?
Such a bad way to go. So sorry for those pilots.
It would probably be difficult to design a fire suppression system for those cargo areas because you don't know what kind of fire you would be encountering.  Offhand, I think you might have a system that would fill the compartment with an inert gas like nitrogen, but you don't know if there might be some kind of a fire that could combine with nitrogen to form something bad.  The other way is to deprive the fire of oxygen, even a lithium fire that provides his own oxygen, by maybe pulling a partial vacuum on the cargo area and pumping the gas into the atmosphere via one way valve.  That would probably mitigate even even a lithium fire, because you would eject any oxygen that it made.  The other thing that might help would be if you had an installed system and possibly a couple portable handheld systems in the cockpit that would draw in smoke-filled air, filter out the smoke and eject clear air into the cockpit,  something like a charcoal filter device with a fan in it.
Ugh, so hard to sit through. That poor FO. As always, very well told and explained. On a personal note, you have me wanting to get rid of my old bulging laptop battery before it burns my house down!
Chilling story the smoke is unbareable of these kind of battery fires.
good day. thank you for the great content. i resently heard of an aviation accident involving a blind landing. but it was due to a dare of the captain. it was an aeroflot flight, flight number 6502, that happenede in the 80's. the captain dared that he can land the aircraft without seeing and only using his instuments and the other pilot agreed him to try this. he couldn't and he ended up crashing and killing everyone on board. is it possible for you to make a in depth video of that flight.
I would fly a lot with power tools for work about 5 years ago.  Half the time the security wanted me to separate the lithium batteries, tape up the terminals, and take with carry on.  The other half of the time they wanted them in regular luggage. I never did find out who was right because they were always right in their mind on the day.
I feel Sorry for the relay pilots and the atc. Doing your best but being helpless to save a guy begging for help.
Wow I didn't know you were an airport firefighter. That's awesome! I have a great respect for firefighters. I had a house fire in 2010 and I remember how thick and black the smoke was. I can't imagine that happening on an airplane.
As a recently retired MD11 Capt for UPS, I knew and was friends with the Capt (Doug Lampe) of this horrible accident.  Doug was an outstanding individual and pilot and is truly missed.  Matt’s airmanship was nothing short of heroic!  This accident changed much of how we react, handle and train for lithium fires so his death wasn’t in vain.  RIP old friend…
What's the point of supplying pressurization directly to the cargo bays? In a dedicated cargo aircraft, wouldn't it make more sense to have all pressurization go to the cockpit and then the cargo bays just pressure equalized with the cockpit through a valve?
Please note that there is only PERSIAN Gulf, what you said in the video is NOT Correct.
Remember it like it was yesterday, hard to believe it's already been over 10 years. I hope when they revised the checklists they made it important that pilots understand that without positive pressure from the packs system that smoke wont be forced out of the cockpit area, I think the flight would have had a different outcome in that case.
That first officer must have felt so anxious and alone, unable to see anything,  properly communicate, or fly the aircraft, while the captain had collapsed behind him. A fire really is the most terrifying type of emergency by far.
Petter looks at maps for a living and still fell for the fallacy of "Arabian gulf" 🙃
The part where you explain the introduction of the EVAS system made me tear up a little for some reason. The idea of aviation industry professionals thinking, inventing, discussing, designing, fitting, testing, manufacturing this new system so that something like this could never happen again is very uplifting.
As always Mentour Pilot has done this one "Justice" very well illustrated.
This one broke my heart, they had no chance. Different airframe and airline, but did the lessons learned from this terribly cruel event have any effect on the Aviastar Tu-204F that burned at the gate 2022 January 08 at Hangzhou Xiaoshan?
Do you know if this incident resulted in any major changes to the location or routing of those elements that likely failed due to the fire, or the addition of redundancies? I know there's plenty of good reasons for things to be placed where they are, but I couldn't help but think "man if only those lines had been run another way" more than once while watching this.  Also curious if this incident generated any serious discussion on who handles what when one of the flight crew is very inexperienced with the type. It seems to me that pack 1 not operating was a very significant factor in this incident; aside from it helping keep the cabin clear, it may have also helped create airflow that help keep the heat away from the front of the cargo hold where it could damage those critical systems. You mentioned that it was unclear whether pack 1 failed completely, had turned off but could've been restarted as it had been before, or was accidentally turned off manually; I think it's easy to see how the latter two are reasonable possibilities when the person handling the aircraft systems barely has 75 hours of experience. I can certainly understand the captain's impulse to take control in an emergency and I doubt anyone else in his shoes would've done anything different, but it seems like his expertise really wasn't required to fly the aircraft until the controls began to fail, which isn't even mentioned until the cabin had already begun to fill with smoke. If you buy into my theory that pack 1 running might've avoided that control failure (not to mention the failure in the oxygen system) or at least made it less severe, AND it turns out that pack 1 had not been running simply due to crew error (either turning it off or failing to reset it) then you could argue that the captain's decision to take and retain control of the aircraft was probably the moment that its fate was decided; the captain could certainly have made the same mistake, but it seems FAR less likely at his level of experience.  On that note, I'm wondering if this is something anyone even would have the balls to bring up as the junior pilot on a crew. "Excuse me sir but I think I should fly the plane while you run the checklists" - it feels like an insult even if you mention that flying the plane is the easy part at the moment! You seem to really like covering the human factors like crew dynamics (an underappreciated element, especially in emergencies) and I love hearing about them; maybe "The Newbie Was Right!" would be a fun idea for a series? I'm sure there's enough source material out there ;)
just open the windows !!!
Among the first 5k to view this video...but I almost couldn't take how unfortunate this was. I trust strong ger systems are in place indeed that this never happens again
Nice haircut!!! :)
Sharjah is pronounced like Charge-Ah! But with Sh sound.
Ugh, that sucks and is terrifying. Poor guys 😞
This one's a horror movie. And boy oh boy was Dubai lucky. Never mind Silicone Oasis, which could have been as bad as 9/11, but just a few miles away they could have driven it into the centre of town, or into the terminal on the airfield, how many people in that at the start of the evening rush hour, gotta be 20,000. You can't refuse an aircraft in distress from making an approach but having an unguided missile already on fire that weighs 300 tonnes, half of it fuel, looping around over a major city is just bananas. Like I said, this one's a horror movie
I’m not a pilot just a passenger and I have learned so much from you, the storytelling is so insightful and there are so many brave pilots up there in the sky. Thank you for doing what you do🥰
Man, what a tragic story. If the first officer had been able to keep a clear head the autopilot could most likely have landed the plane. But it's completely understandable given what he was going through.
Absolut bland de allra bästa föreläsarna jag någonsin har lyssnat på. En retorik som uppehåller intresset från början till slut och samtidigt bygger berättelsen bit för bit utan luckor. Dessutom på ett sådant sätt att man förstår fast man saknar bakgrundskunskaper.
Could the crew open the window somehow?
Man... I was really rooting for the first officer. I understand that pilots are trained to maintain their composure under circumstances like these, but still, the fact that he made it that far under the immeasurable amount of pressure is extremely commendable!
I never heard of this Accident befor your Video. Just imagining it runs shivers down my spine,
You nailed that video. You really illustrated how stressful that situation would have been. I was on the edge of my chair!
I am very into RC cars and a lot of them use lithium batteries so I am very aware of the dangers that they hold. When you said the batteries had been burning for a few minutes before the smoke detectors would have gone off I knew it was too late.  Lithium batteries have so much energy it is almost impossible to put out their fires, you have just let them burn up.
Horrific and terrifying. These batteries are more and more common place now. Good to hear you stress the importance of passengers carrying them should take note of the safety laws.
Again it seems like the pilots didn't understand or know fully how the airplane is constructed. Check lists seem good but didn't take the right actions when the checklists were already done
Great video with explaining technical aspects by narrative and enhancing with visuals! Thanks Mentourpilot and Blinkst.  I am really sorry about the ending despite that the pilots manage to fly the aircraft. This flight shoul have been ended with a much better result…
Great video as always, Petter. This flight is the one that has always gnawed at me, truly a nightmare scenario. Inflight fires are so terrifying, you have to have flawless decision making under enormous pressure and adverse conditions from the very outset to have a chance at surviving. I’ve seen several videos on this flight but as always is the case with your videos, I learned several new things. I think your experience as a firefighter added tremendously to the quality of this one!  Would you consider doing a video on FedEx Flight 705? I think that’s the most amazing story of courage and airmanship that I’ve ever seen, and the story is incredibly riveting and dramatic. Would love to see your take on it, for some reason I don’t think that one has received a proper treatment yet from the YouTube aviation community!
The Captain is also an officer, right? So that means that the Captain is the first officer and the First Officer is actually the second officer!? 🤨
This is far from the first time I've heard this story but I still cry every time
I could not listen to the end of this, because I thought I remembered the ultimate outcome.  Looking over on Wikipedia, I was refreshed on the fate of the flight.  It is hard to imagine how terrifying this must have been.
Wow, I've watched a lot of your videos but this one was particularly harrowing. The poor FO, almost brand new on type, thrown into a situation like that. He did the best he could in impossible circumstances. Thanks as ever for your detailed and illuminating narrative.
Thank you for the good explanations and the detail of information you put into your videos.  But there is one thing that really bothers me: The role of ATC. In the ATC facility I'm working, we use the following procedure: If a pilot is unable to change the frequency (or we think he is very busy) then we would do a silent handover, which means, every other aircraft of the frequency is sent to another frequency and the new ATCO uses the emergency radio transmitter to overtake the radio.  So the Pilot has at least not to deal with this.  I've done that a few times and in the aftermath we always got the response, that this procedure helped a lot.   I think, that could have made a difference in this incident.
Was anyone charged with criminal negligence?  Seems rather reckless to not have fire suppression systems in the cargo holds.
Wasn't there a smiliar incident with a South African Airline (South African Airways Flight 295)?
That is Persian Gulf so do not change that to any other name that is Persian Gulf
Awesome video! Although, a bad ending… I was praying for the first officer to make it during his time alone. May this never happen again 🙏
Could one of them have opened the cockpit window to suck out the smoke?
Please make some videos on how airport services (like firefighting) works!
Not going to lie, I was tempted to stop watching( for some reason involvement of fire made it so much scarier
Another great video. Great, yet chilling to the bone. What a agony those guys went through. We should never forget that safety rules are written with blood
Superbly presented Petter and your entire team. An immensely difficult situation described and analysed with great detail but not with excessive drama.
Absolutely love these videos! If there were more of them I would get addicted to them xD
Once more: Great video, well done! As a firefighter i only can repeat Petters  words: Be aware of what you are carrying around with you. A fire in a closed room is hell on earth. It's not Hollywood loud, noisy, with bright sparks and you just cannot stay there unprotected or with a wet tissue over your nose. It will be pitchblack and after two breathes you will be just gone. I really hope that none of you will ever be in such a situation.
make a video about vesna vulovic,who survived free fall from 10 000 m , plane was exploded in flight and she survived,amaizing story !
I cant even imagine just how difficult it is to fly the plane (even with autopilot) in this situation... Let alone land it.. But its commendable that the crew tried their best until last second to fly the plane..
I think of all of the accidents you’ve covered, this one has been the most terrifying. The helplessness those pilots must have felt is haunting. Very sympathetically and factually told Petter, especially from your perspective as an airport firefighter, great work as always 👍
Love your content. Your production quality is amazing and the way you present the Info makes it very interesting. Love your channel.
That first officer was a hero. He really fought for long
These bigger aircraft have more moving parts and interactions than possible moves on a chessboard.... to reduce those to a more manageable scenario is a noble endeavor but could be like chasing a rainbow. Each incident helps us to not repeat those incidents but can't prevent the unforeseen. The good news is that safety keeps getting better and we're in debt to those who paid the ultimate price. I'm not a pilot but I've seen one on TV and YouTube so consider the source. I've seen many of your postings, they are educational and interesting... I look forward to each new one. Thanks for sharing
your content just gets better and better! love it!
This video makes me want to triple check that I'm following all rules. I'm shaking in my seat just thinking of what the pilots had to deal with.
I'm still not quite sure exactly why, but when the Air Crash Investigation episode for this flight was released, it's the only one I have ever physically cried after watching.
Well done. Ciao, Marco.
I think I would have taken the first airport and not the one twice as far away...
This accident in particular is such a shame because it came so close to being survivable, if any of a number of things had gone right it's likely that the aircraft would have at least touched down on the runway, if not in a survivable state. It's also saddening that better fire suppression wasn't available- something like a Halon gas system is a last resort solution but would have been very effective against this type of fire even if none of the PACs worked at all. It would have been essential to maintain an oxygen supply, but would likely have lead to a positive outcome.
Excellent video Petter, please continue making this type of videos.  The accident in question always makes me so sad, I think because I can't imagine how helpless the FO must have felt once the captain was incapacitated (likely dead) and he never stopped trying to fly the plane even with almost no visibility.  Just tragic.  Thank God nobody else was killed in the crash, one mercy of it all.
Gosh that animation at the beginning is STELAR! Even the engines' sound changes when the camera goes inside! Absolutely cool!
This is so terrifying omg
I truely hope the person responsible for misdeclaring the batteries have been severely punished to the fullest.
Just to clarify the aircraft was a Boeing 747-44AF, not a Boeing 747-400AF. 4A is the Boeing customer code for UPS.
as always great vid, but this time nothing about the final report? i don't think i like this
Please do another one of these on Valujet 592 that had the same problem. It was also scary
I am not a chemist, but I think the term "on fire" or "catching fire" is a bit misleading when it comes to batteries.   What we laymen usually refer to as fire is actually just the rapid oxygenation of something. Carbon in tree, cloth, oil reacting and combining with oxygen to create say CO2. In a chemical sense, iron that is rusting is also on fire since it is also reacting and combing with oxygen.  What goes in lithium batteries and other batteries too, is more like what happens in an electric heater. In a heater the wire gets warm when electricity flows through it. Same with a battery, except there is no external wire. The electricity flows inside the broken battery, inside through what is an internal, electrical short. And unlike a heater where the resistance in the wire limits the amount of electric current that can flow through it, there is hardly any resistance inside a broken battery. Thus the stored electricity is released at a much higher speed, and the battery gets extremely hot. And now a chain reaction follows that causes any nearby battery to heat up, fail, short out, heat up,... Eventually packing materials, the crate, etc catches (real) fire.  As can be deducted from the above, standard fire suppression systems have little effect on battery "fires" since they work by quenching fire by removing or limiting the amount of oxygen that is available to feed the fire/oxygenation. Pouring water on such a "fire" will not do much, except for lowering the temperature due to the cooling effect of evaporation of the water. To stop a run-away battery fire in a electric car, the recommendation is to pour lots of water over it until it has consumed itself, or (better yet) lift the whole burning car into a giant bathtub, fill it with water, and cool it down and stop the chain reaction.
It amazes me that smoking cigarettes was OK on airplanes at one time.
great story keep it up
Horrible.
You and your channel have drastically increased my love of aircraft and flying, as well as maxing out my appreciation and respect for pilots and cementing my dream to become one as well. Best channel on youtube by far
*Thank you for a new video! Love your videos!*
I don't know if the cockpit has windows, but in the case it had, could had been helpful to open them or maybe it would just suck more smoke inside the cockpit? Also if it didn't have windows they could have broken one glass.
There are funny things in this world.
I feel like I would have been desperate enough to try opening a cockpit window. At what speed would that be possible to do?
Absolutely horrifying, especially because it looked like FO is going to make it. What a depressing accident.
This video has the potential to compete head on with National Geograhic Air Crash Disaster .
There is no way of getting fresh air from the outside directly into the cockpit in on the 747? No emergency vent or sliding windows? On the 787 there is an emergency air intake located in the crew escape door that makes air from the outside stream directly into the cockpit. I know this because I was one of the engineers developing that door.
Oh my. Everything that could have gone wrong, went wrong. I never knew that battery’s could cause so much damage. Bless the pilots.
Absolute perfection when it comes to telling a story, this channel is getting better by the day. Poor pilots, cant even start to imagine what they must have gone through 😔  Snyggt jobbat Petter!
why not ditch tho
Amazing job on the video. That was intense.  Why couldn't the Dubai ATC, switch to the frequency the pilots where on so they could talk directly?
Going through this event again I say land now! I thought after Peggy's Cove incident the recommendation was to land immediately in the case of fire? Is this now the case? Thank you and have a good day.
Pne thing is od to me here.. well a few, but one specofically. While im a engineer and not a pilot, i might know things a pilot in general would not.. vice versa.  Why didnt they stick around at 25k feet? That would both smother  at least some of the flames and alow them to fly faster. Apart from that it would also cool the fire (well, as long as the air intakes  would be wrong.  Why didnt they turn on the nr 1 air inlet  again? Or did they?  Why didnt they turn on the nr 2 air inlet. While yes, that would feed the flams to a degree, but at 25k feet, that degree would be very low, it would chill the flams as well as thin the smoke.   Even with fresh air the flames  would be reduces over time when air is thin.  The mortal mistake was clearly to not stick around at 25k feet.  Going for the closer airport would of cause helped... well a bit,  im kind of doubt that alone would have solved there problem
Awesome! My dad was Crash and Rescue for our little airport and as a kid I always wanted a yellow fire truck but never could find one. You guys are heroes!
Why Dubai just didn't tune-in with his frequency as a emergency measure? 🤷‍♂️
I am in the Navy and served on a submarine. A fire onboard was one of the worst casualties that could have happened for similar reasons. It was something we practiced often.
This crash always hits me hard. The first officer really did his best to try and land that massive aircraft while being all by himself, in an insanely hot cockpit filled with smoke. I can’t even imagine what he was going through during those final minutes. May the pilots of UPS 6 rest in peace.
What happened to the shipping company responsible for packing the batteries? I am currently studying for my IATA Dangerous goods certification and this is my worst nightmare!
Always on point with the facts and detail on this channel.. Keep up the great work!
That's a very sad story, your video is excellent and I appreciate all you insights that you have being both a pilot and a trained firefighter. Lithium Ion batteries have very high energy densities and once they start burning, the fire is difficult to extinguish. There were a lot of useful tips in the videos concerning those batteries, I just want to add one more: If you notice a lithium iron battery has a bulge or is otherwise deformed, do not continue using it (and don't recharge it), but dispose of it safely. I personally know a person whose apartment burnt down because of a single small faulty lithium ion battery that was powering a smart phone (no one was hurt, but that fire did a lot of damage, I saw some pictures of the aftermath).
Great video!!!
Where do the ADG or air dangerous good get packed?
It sounds like if anything could go wrong it did go wrong! With this type of battery technology being used in electric vehicles I fear we will be hearing more and more about highly destructive, difficult to extinguish fires in the coming years.
This is one of the most emotional accidents I've learned about (I actually posted on the ACI subreddit about this one not long ago). I feel so sorry for everyone involved, and also so impressed how everyone was fighting until the end. It must have been horrifying for the FO after the PIC got incapacitated, yet he kept on, trying to land. Sadly the fire was just too intense.  Great video. I thought I already knew a lot about this one, but the information about the packs was new to me.
That must have been a terrifying experience for the pilots, at least now there's the hood tube that lets pilots see in a smoke filled cabin. The way aviation learns from disasters is amazing.
What a miracle that nobody on ground was hurt. But the pilot must have been under an incredible stress and I cannot fathom the loneliness during this time.😢
Its thermal runaways not terminal but good video as always
The thought of a fire in the sky makes me shiver, especially the flashover. Great video again, bravo.
Incredibly well handled by Matthew Bell.  To be able to manage an impossible situation to the extent he did, before the inevitable caught up with him, is nothing less than impressive. An uncomfortable video, very well made. Kudos, Petter!
I love how you put the viewer in the seat of the pilots. It really makes the stories so much more interesting and scary. I’m always on the tip of my chair
As a South African, whenever I hear about fires aboard a 747, I am reminded of the Helderberg disaster of 1987 - a South African Airways 747 combi that was brought down by a fire in the rear cargo section. It is strange that lessons weren't learnt from that incident and incorporated  into  the newer versions of the 747, especially given the astounding improvements in technology since 1987. Thank you for all the work you put into your presentations.
Fantastic content as always ..I'm a firefighter and know how hard it is working in that environment but I'm not trying to fly a 747 they tried everything to get down safely but run out of time terrible Q.R.H should be number 1 get down ASAP no fire engines up there
I am wondering why it wasn’t possible for the Dubai Controller (or someone else at Dubai) to switch to the aircraft’s frequency. It might not have changed the outcome but would have surely helped, maybe even allowing e pilot to capture the ILS on his first attempt. If anyone knows if there are any technical limitations or what else might have stopped them from doing this, I would love to know.
I have watched a docudrama on the Aircrash investigation series on the Smithsonian Channel,  about this incident. I don't think that program mentioned the detail about Pack 1 acting up. Thanks for providing that extra detail, as the overall picture becomes much clearer. If minutes count in a fire, one wonders if the decision to turn back to Dubai,  is one of the holes in the Swiss cheese model for this horrific crash. I understand that they chose to do so as they were more familiar with Dubai.
When Peter starts recounting events like this, one dares not go to toilet out of fear of missing a single second.
It won't help for anything like shippers, but if you're carrying a battery not contained in a device, discharge it as fully as you're able (to safe levels) before transporting it. Overdischarging is bad too, but a fully charged cell is much more dangerous from a fire perspective.  BigClive has done some videos discussing this and other YouTubers have shown that discharged batteries are much less likely to fail catastrophically.
2010. Why there is no any accessibility-like help with switching on voice doubling? (even confirming auto-pilot settings will be great help) What about tablets that can be brought very close to the face reducing distance through smoke?
A difficult lesson but well-produced informative episode, Petter.
They all porre souls. And there exist so mutch true stories; where under Swiz Air, Flight 111, and also whery simulair... Thé 747 Helderberg Dissaster,  Soudh African Airways, in 1987 Full with weapons. Crassed, also,  after a fyer in thé cairgo component in thé pasific oceaan, and never be found. Fire onboard, is the worst, that you can overcome in flight.
Uj vad skrämmande...
an AI assistant would go a long way here an audio mode where an AI speech recognition system gets commands from your voice and responds with audio - only for these special cases. This could also help when the displays physically break or malfunction.
Air crash investigation is so lame compared to your videos, pure insight. I love it!
Matt and Doug were coworkers.
29:24 gear down and flaps 30 at 350 knots?? YIKES!!!
That must have been a terrifying experience.
Another great incident breakdown - love it man! Hope all is well on your side of the pond..
Why didn't Dubai change frequency for there radio to that of Bahrain?
My God! I watched this same incident on Nat Geo, air crash investigations.  I wish the pilot chose to land the aircraft in Barhain instead of going back to Dubai
bruh
Could you do a video on what makes lithium batteries so hazardous and the mechanics of what causes them to catch fire?
you guys the passengers: as if there arent a ton of pilots watching this
Bummer. Had they taken the alt airport, would have maintained radio contact and better chance of auto land. Maybe his landing gear would have deployed activated sooner.
Absolutely tragic. I have one fire in an enclosed space, its exactly as described, very ark very hot  fatal if not brought under control
oh boy what a nightmare!
Speechless 😨 Thank you for sharing this story, Petter.
Listening to the first officer's final struggle is really terrifying. Even more so than with some other dramatic, high loss of life accidents.
Airplane pilots 🤝 Electrical engineers   being deathly afraid of li-ion batteries
The quality of these videos is unsurpassed. It installs some fear of flying in me, but you are an excellent teacher!
Nice case study done by you. M. Pilot please tell , Is captain Joe is your friend ??
You should do some collaborations with Mini Aircrash Investigations, Disaster Breakdown, and a few others
I was 8 years old when this happened and I reside in Dubai, my dad's cousin saw the plane come down, he lived in Silicon Oasis... I remember hearing about the crash on Radio as I was with my dad in his car
When I go to the post office to ship a package, I am asked by the postal worker if I have anything flammable,  Lithium ion batteries,  aerosols, fragile stuff etc..  A UPS  agent should have confirmed the contents of the shipment with the shipper and check customs declaration forms.
I rember this episode, I was in Dubai few days before
Poor bastards, sounds like there was nothing they could have done.
My heart goes out to the captain and the first officer. The feelings are a little less heavy knowing that something like this won't happen again. However, may these two rest in peace. Also it was an amazing bit of trivia Petter that you were a airport firefighter. Loved the video mate. Cheers!
I've seen this in air crash investigation the reconstruction give me a idea how the situation went and to be honest I would also fail and trying really hard not to panic, swiss air 111 was also a scary situation but that one was different
This entire scenario gives me anxiety
get down to 10k, crack a window, set to auto-land and kick back
I think we're in that age where multiple cameras around the plane should become normal.   I get that aviation always needs its standards and probably won't be able to use the normal cheap consumer electronics, but as younger generations of professionals are used to having all of these tools for situational awareness from video games, cars, and smart homes, the demand will definitely rise.  The obvious challenge for planes is the amount of wiring, and I think its beyond time to put more of such non-critical system on wireless connections.
I’m certified for the transport of dangerous goods and it absolutely terrifies me what can happen if those batteries go wrong, and they can go wrong very, very quickly. I’m  incredibly careful about following those rules and my colleagues think I might be over exaggerating. I’ll show them this video next time they say something.
omg 25 minutes and i'm going to burst into tears. can't watch anymore
I was wondering, what if they had a vr headset connected to the flight system and fed with all the necessary information. It wasn't possible at that time but should be possible now. Everything can be overlayed in vr to make it visible. All instruments could be seen. But it would need all data to be fed to the system.
Ah, I was worried you stop producing video. Since the quality drastically improve, I've been seeing less content to the point that I forgot you have two channels.  I understand people love the quality improvement, but when channels barley produce content, they get auto unsubscribe by YouTube.  You can ignore my comments as I'm just one guy, but I recommend a balance to avoid YouTube auto deletion algorithm.
Excellent video Captain. The two poor pilots. They did whatever was possible and when the F/O was the only one left, he was so much overloaded. Terrible moments. The  shipper who failed to declare the goods as dangerous is responsible for this tragedy. What about the loadmaster? There's a specific regulation for the transport of dangerous goods for every kind of mean used. Something which is not classified as dangerous for road transport, it can be declared as such for air transport. This regulation is nothing new. It's a huge  book.and gets regularly updated.
its persian gulf
Li-ion Battery thermal runaway is very real very scary and will happen more often with electric vehicles becoming more common.
Reminds me of Swissair flight 111 in a sense that the smoke effectively made the crew lost visual reference outside.
Lithium fires are really dangerous
This needs to be on TV or Netflix or something. The quality, production, narration, it’s great!
My father and daughter watch these videos with me....and now we only want to fly with you as pilot 👨‍✈️. Love from Ireland 🇮🇪
OMG  ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,when  Mentor Pilot said,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, "" my hairs stood up"" ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,     MY  hairs  stood up              with a chill !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yeah I’ve been on both the Boeing-747 and the airbus-330. Definitely something incredible how those pilots learn to fly something as large as those huge machines. However, my favorite aircraft is the Embraer 38 seater jet.
Peter, Sharjah is pronunced as is. Sharjah not Sharyah
My thoughts went to 121,5MHz ..this might have sped up the comm if only the damn volume pot wasnt turned all the way to 0 :(
Oh boy, this really brings me back to my industrial firefighting training.
You're just killing it with the production quality on this series. So good, its rivals the TV show.
No subtitles? 😔
The first officer, died trying to save his plane and inadvertently hundreds of others. What a legend. Though absolutly tragic there is alot to learn from an accident like this. Great coverage and breakdown again Cpt. Petter!!!
The ONE WORD that instills fear in airline pilots or boat captains..."FIRE".  Kudos to both for their professionalism.
Go to https://blinkist.com/mentourpilot for a 7 DAY FREE TRIAL + 25% OFF Premium Membership  Thank you Blinkist for helping me make this type of content! 💕
Fantastic work as usual… Thank you Mentour!!
Thank you, FO, for giving your life to save others in the Silicon living areas. Well done!
The animations, audio and cinematic improve with every video! Keep up the great work! 👍
Could he have opened the windows and cleared the smoke
Excellent video as always. As useful as lithium batteries are, I do hope we have safer and more easily recyclable batteries in the future.
I was just reading about this on Wiki
Just a little point here, the pronunciation of thermal,  sounds a bit like terminal. This can lead to some misunderstanding  Fellow swede here ;)
You are one of the great teacher who teaches unconventional things much cool  way  .. aviation enthusiasts will always like you ..
This is so sad. In 2019 I had to fly within the US and I had my vape with me. That uses high-draw (30 Amp) lithium polymer batteries. It ended up powered off in my backpack in my control the entire time. That being said, I have had an 18650 battery start venting and it is a very violent process. It also produces quite noxious fumes. I am honestly not sure how one would handle a runaway chemical process like that inside an aircraft. I mean, if we think back to Richard Hammond's crash in the Rimac electric car, they had that vehicle on the ground, in an environment where they could do whatever they wanted, use whatever processes and tools they wanted, but that chain reaction took 5 days to burn itself out.
Why not make a video of how the airport fire services work? I think that everyone would be very interested!
this is truly horrifying. thank you for sharing and for your excellent informative, calm narration
Mkay, so guessed the ups 6 flight from the teaser. Top content as usual, they should show these on Nat geo. And yes, still believe the story of the FO is incredibly amazing and sad in the same time. Fighting til the end, in absolutely adverse conditions and being so close to actually pulling this miracle... So sad for him to go in such a way.
Peter I've asked for a while but please could you do a video on Cathay Pacific flight 780 the interesting turn of events would make a good video
Condolences to all victims of this catastrophic event😭😭😭 but they a hero because they save the all people living in Dubai by they choose to crash in open area to minimize the third party damage👏👏👏👏I'm all my respect to all those pilot too save all people living in Dubai......
I love your channel! Thanks for the great content!
I love how you switch between 747-400 and 747-8. Quality us getting better and better. However I believe you confused engine bleeds with packs
Glad to see the channel approaching a million subscribers. Looking forward to 1kk special episode.
Never knew you were an airport firefighter! Amazing story-telling and visuals as per, Petter. Just getting better and better. By far my favourite aviation content across both streaming and TV without a doubt. I can tell you, from being caught in a serious house fire, choking on carbon monoxide is no small feeling. It hits and chokes you instantly. I’d go as far as saying it’s the most dangerous threat of any aircraft. Not because the aircraft can’t withstand nor suppress the fire,  but because smoke inhalation is a killer. Firefighters saved my life. Literally.
Very hard worked video.🤝
Hi, UPS hazmat employee here! Thank you for covering this flight. I just wanted to add that information on this flight and the horrible details of how the plane went down is shared whenever a new hazmat employee is hired to illustrate just how important protocols and accuracy are when a plane is in the air. We’re super strict on anything hazardous including batteries - and this flight is exactly why.
the production quality is just getting better and better every video. Thanks Petter and the Mentour team for the awesome, informative videos!
This is such a terrible accident, and the fact that the co-pilot overflew the airport makes it even sadder to me. They almost made it
Love the quality of the explanations in your videos. I wish all professors and teachers can explain teach things like you. Very engaging, detailed and easy to understand.
Love this series, I don't think people really understand the psychological effect and how harrowing and completely obscuring smoke is in a cabin. Edit: I feel so bad for these pilots, I feel like they were killed by crappy manufacturing and greed, there's a reason those batteries weren't declared and it's because somebody somewhere wanted to save some money and literally killed these two airmen.
This has to be the most harrowing story I’ve ever heard in this channel. Absolutely terrifying. Poor pilots 😢😢. You did it really good, Petter. Such a sad and harrowing situation.
What was the worst thing you experienced when flying?
Metour Pilot doesn't want to take a look at the 1,000 percent year over year  increase in military personnel birth defects. Keep your head in the clouds. Take the thing or your fired.
- would it have been practical for Dubai, to temporarily tune in the "wrong" frequency or simply pick up a walkie-talkie to establish communications? -  would it have been possible to reroute air from other packs? Otherwise, it would mean there is no redundancy for the cockpit air (besides the masks) - Is there any way to smash cockpit windows to get some airflow? I thought cockpit oxygen would be little 1-3L bottles directly in the cockpit close to the masks seats. EVAS is great though, so simple. Patented in 1994. I wonder if simulator training with a smoke generator is a thing. Private jets start having a "land at nearest airport" button. that would have been so useful here .... poor guy. Btw: The video seems a bit too dark and has a warm tint. Especially in the cargo hold. I had to double-check that night mode wasn't on. Noticed that on several past videos.
Epic!
Can't imagine the horror these pilots went through. It's so easy to overlook or not even think about the risks of batteries on an aircraft, thank you for reminding us about this. Great analysis as always!
Just awful awful awful. Further comment on patreon Petter.
