Note the Z Performance also comes with a limited-slip differential -- another nice benefit over the Sport!
I should not have watched this……now I want one or at least test drive. I had a 2010 370 roadster and had a blast. It was not well made but I do think that was specific to that model year.
The Nissan Z and Scion FR-S/Toyota GR86 are my favorite sports cars (there are 0 EV sports cars I like a lot)
Big fan of the tail lights
Before you get started fix the damn audio millionaire Doug
7:45 nice number plate, lmao
I test drove both manual 2024 Z Performance and 2017 370z Sport Touring earlier this year. While the new Z is faster on a straight line, I find the 370z was better in handling and overall driving feel.  So for me the new Z MSRP is not worth it, specially if they built it from the existing Z34 chassis.  I just ended up getting a low miles 2020 370z nismo 6-spd instead 😊  https://youtube.com/@anythinggoesjojo?si=uqIAahPMDwlUO0O0
the silver trim above the door is meant to resemble a samurai sword
FWIW, the 8-speaker Bose system in this car is one of the worst car audio system I've ever heard... and I'm not talking premium upgrade optional systems. This system is just BAD.
Horizontal, not vertical
@DougDemuro Thank you! I bought a 2025 Nissan Z Performance, manual, in Bayside blue, the day after I first watched this video. I LOVE the car. There is only one thing I think you totally missed that I felt immediately. The body roll! A sports car should not have body roll! (I know it’s not just me…there is a Hagerty video with Randy Pobst in a Supra on a race track behind a Performance and he says “I can actually see that thing rolling in the corners.”) Well luckily I found a relatively east fix. For $500 got Z1 sway bar (front and rear) and for another $500 installed (4th Gear Performance). Two settings (holes). I chose less aggressive. This fixed the issue! The steering feels very different. A bit heavier but planted. I can easily hold a line on a corner with little to no body motion. Dramatic difference. Sorry Doug I know you’re not a mod guy…but if you do another review of Performance or Sport Z, please mention body roll issue.
Only cons are those headlights and it’s not that loud but some aftermarket rims and exhaust easy money
Dude but Supra is bmw inside so not Asian parts and repair nah what I’m saying team z im in a 350z I wanna upgrade but the new ones don’t come in convertibles is kind of lame
the biggest difference between z sport and performance is performance have lsd, which i really think is a big deal. Nissan basically is forcing you to buy performance, and spending 10000 more just for that
This is 2025 since this review I have seen 1 on the road.
Doug’s hands look like he’s conducting an orchestra.
Third dash gauge should have been either a G meter, a sick clock or a turbo heat gauge! Nobody cares about their voltage lol
Dealerships are charing 75k for these 😅😅😅
It is funny how from a distance this car looks rather nice but every throwback detail is worse then original ones.
For the price, that interior is really lacking. I am not a luxury guy at all, but sheesh.
it's not zee its zed
Honestly I'm NOT attracted to the new Z. Doesn't grab me. Wish Honda would create another S2000. I'd be in the market for it.
Nice car! Looking at it's side profile, it's obvious Nissan has borrowed design language from Aston Martin's DB cars. If you're going to steal, might as well steal from the best.  Ford and Jaguar both stole from Aston Martin.
I love it more less technology just focus on the car
Imagine if they had done more of a throwback to to 90- 95 generation instead of the Fairlady and modernized it this car could be getting compared more to the NSX than the Supra  .Nissan hit a double but missed out on an inside the park home run. .
Saw one of these the other day and was reminded of just how beautiful this car is. It’s criminal how few I’ve seen. 😢
The redesigned 2023 Nissan Z presents an amazing revival, remains almost charming through performance which lives his guide.
It has substantially less peak HP than the '21+ Supra. Basically the same as the 2020 Supra. The Supra is WHP, the Z is rated at crank HP.
0:27 Good gravy the echo chamber was a very heavy contrast from the open air acoustics of the intro 😭😂
Yea no kidding that fuel door is comically large what the hell. Cool car tho
3 years later and I've come to revisit this review. I personally owned what would have been considered to be the most beautifully trimmed Nismo 370Z. It was a nice platform and ear to ear smiles on the interstate and on the racetrack. Only needed an easily installed oil cooler to make things perfect. Unfortunately the new Z even with its twin turbo leaves too much to be desired for the price. Check out your local CarMax or carvana website and you will find the new Z in various forms readily available. The fun Factor was lost with this car, its styling and aesthetics and underwhelming horsepower makes it lackluster at best. The price point is ridiculous for what you're getting,  I can't explain it but Nissan's alcantara wears very quickly. I looked at a pre-owned version with only 4000 mi on it , the interior looked horrific, which was the same experience for myself and my NIsmo 370. Nissan has never been able to get this car exactly right, and unfortunately the new Z is another long-term disappointment. At about 56,000 + dollars for a low mi version, I go buy a  pre-owned 911 Porsche for 10k more. If I set every negative aside and this car had tons of horsepower to the rear wheel, to make it a thrilling Drive things would be different. Unfortunately you're always left short and wanting a little more.
What a ugly car
The lights are horizontal 😞
I think this was very much a failure on the part of Nissan. It’s out of the average price range for most people. It’s just a 350 Z3.0.
The 300ZX will always be the GOAT in my humble opinion
I just sat in one in japan and i reall want one. Too bad you can’t have one in the eu
Easily the best looking Z in decades. Feel like I never see these on the road.
Sounds really good ❤
Built in nav is better
I was going to buy this car. But then the GR Corolla came out and it stole my heart…and money.
9:47 doug came prepared this time
too bad, that bigblack grille looked awesome!
I like it give it to me
My Acura ILX has the same traction control off button in the same spot. It has to be pressed every time you turn the car on if you want to turn it off
The rear is so 80s
Doug  ... while I love your reviews and insights, your demo drives are "boring" ...  more driver camera angles would be a plus
21:59  "as you can see it really is bright and blue and it's bright blue and you can have that if you choose"   🔥🔥🔥🔥
Remember when driving wasn't another guided round in an electric bumper car? _Nissan does_
I'm scared of Doug's finger.....
Vertical, Horizontal. Different things.
I’m 6’4” and 235 lbs. I have a friend who is 6’3” and weighs 220. He said it’s so tight he couldn’t switch from the gas to the brake without being impeded by the steering wheel. Said it’s a no go for him. I guess it’s a no go for me too ? I have been waiting for this car for years. Awesome , they made a car that only normal sized people can fit in.
Family safe, It just sits on the driveway for Everyone's excitement. It does nothing. Just go and take a Dip in your hot tub.
The door can't knock out a toddler Take the sticker off in the back tint. it adds weight when you are reaching.
Original... Timmy. Black grill got criticism? Timmy......? Don't Do it.
Throw back... Timmy.
Oval... Timmmy
Its not a 240z.. Timmy.
Heritage Design, Timmy.
Drama...Timmmy.
Word... Timmy
Special 300 HP, Timmmy.....
Sports car Timmy...
throrough Timmy....
Timmy...
This is a fine sports car for the money. 20 years ago, I saw the 350 everywhere. And today, still in the same city and area, I have seen 3 new Zs. It's a shame. People only want automatic crossovers. Soccermoms and cucks have taken over the world.
It looks like a Mustang in a shower cap meets soap on a rope in D-Block at Oz .
If only it came in a convertible 😢
Oh no, you might have to use skill to park lol, low res cameras..... 😵
This is a beautiful car.
The problem is even with them cutting costs and putting 370Z parts in it these cars are still grossly overpriced and dealerships are charging such a large overage that they're Way more expensive and they should be.
Doug seems like the type to have voted for trump.
You Nissan fanboys are a strange bunch...
Great looking car overall, but it would make more sense if they continued the black paint to include the rear lid and the spoiler.
Not the lacquer finish on the steering wheel...
💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙👑💫 ...I'm gonna say I love both of them! The old school version Datsun 240Z and this new version Nissn Z! Yeah it's WONDERFUL mainly in this blue color!
vertical ovals? 8:05
If I am not mistaken those ovals on the taillights are horizontal not vertical.....
I like how close to barebone sports car the new Z is. No over the top tech. Just sit, put on the seat belt and drive. That's the kind of car I like. Driver assistance tech is just for people who aren't good with cars. elena2294
No offense brother, Your voice and the way you talk about cars sounds like Sheldon from The Big Bang Theory hahaha. Love the content though ❤❤❤
I can't trust doug when he gives the Z a higher score than the 370. The Z is overpriced hot trash.
I'm like on the edge of buying one rn
"This feels faster than the supra" is all I needed to hear. Love these new Z cars 💯
He said its a 10 speed auto AND an 9 speed auto.  🤷 Make up your mind, doug  8:07 - Thats "Horizontal", Doug.  Go back to school.  10:31 - If it honored the Datsun/Nissan Heritage, it would be a 300Z or 300ZX.  The names were based on the engine size; not the hp.  17:10 - it better shift exactly like the 350Z and 370Z, as its the exact same CD009 transmission.
I had a 2020 Mustang GT 6 speed for a while with zero options.  It had no drive modes.  If you opted for a $2,000 basic tech package it came with drive modes, a prettier dash etc but I bought it as a mile cruncher.  I just didn't want to drive a Camry or some other slow boring BS.
Every time I see that Z logo it keeps reminding me of dragon ball Z
my salary is 31k and getting the payments to 500$ feels impossible like putting down 40k is insain, if this is supposed to be a car for young enthusiasts then how can i afford it without already having a career that pays 100k+
How do I set the cargo net 😅
I live in a populated area with nice cars everywhere however I still have yet to see one of these in the wild.
The silver between roof and body represents a katakana
At least I can do really BIG poo's 🤤
wow im shokes honestly Z made good car i would compare this with hi performance cars like corvette or mazda supra
im waiting for mitsubishi comes out 3000gt new version vr4
stuning car wow does seats are nice dash shifter too much its gorgeous
i always say this its good to have nice sporty cars in ur life i do own a nissan maxima and i love it interior nice cushing nice just power stearing system i hate and that cvt transmission sukyy
i think besides Z is a nice car its big kick off for nissan corporation cars nissan been waiting for this thank god to japanese people now that we have Z we have more cars in america witch is not that bad but too muchhh
My ex wanted a 370z and I honestly told him I thought it was ugly this one is shockingly nice I  like it :)
A new car that has an actual hand brake handle and not some stupid effing button, awesome.
If you had ever owned an early z car you would understand that the larger fuel filler door is designed to catch drips when you fill up, it was a problem with the quarter panel shape it was very hard to not drip on it, I haven't owned one for 25 years and I still catch myself turning the nozzle upside down before I fully remove it from any car.
I bet you can throw on a classic chrome bumper along the front grille and turn it into a neoclassic sports car lol
This car is selling like dog*hit, especially given the absurd dealer markups that are being applied.  I attended a preproduction tour of the car a few years ago at a West coast location in San Jose and none of us were overly impressed. It might have been the same blue car that Doug is showing here. The Nissan rep had virtually no knowledge of any of the technical adpects of the car; like weight, boost levels, compression ratio, etc. The engine and exhaust sounded like an electric typewriter.  Moving forward to when the car was on a showroom floor at a bay atea Nissan dealership, a salesman was perplexed as to why none of his potential buyers were not buying the car, despite them running for the hills after seeing the window sticker.
I hate digital gauges, for how well nissan “knows their customers’ its cheap and lazy..
Here in Canada, it was always the zed car;)
Looks pretty big but still nice
If memory serves, Raymond Lowry was the designer for the Fairlady/240Z. His well balanced, clean design still holds true in 2024. I do wish, however, that the interior was truly updated. This car has a classic look to it that completely dominate the Supra. I totally dislike the style of the steering wheel, especially with it's thick spokes. They should copy Ferrari's rims. Finally, the interior looks cheap, cheap, cheap: a total fail in my book.
Those tail lights are horizontal my guy lol, not vertical
I love it!!!🤩
I wouldn't trade my 2019 370Z 6MT sport pkg for this car.. My car has had intake and exhaust mods with a dyno tune and is putting out about 387 peak hp at the crank with a nearly flat torque curve across the rev range. Ultra lightweight forged magnesium wheels and other weight reduction mods have brought my weight down to about 3266 lbs, vs the approximate 3500 lbs for this car. The design of this car looks like a copy and paste job from previous generations of Z cars. The original lines of the 240Z still look better than this car.
I love Z
I try to get excited by new cars. And I compare it to my model 3. And the interiors and their infotainment systems still look like they are from the 90’s. I just can’t.
just purchased the black & blue nissan Z performance.. how do you change the tire in the event of a flat tire??
The resolution on my 2024 frontier pro 4x is also terrible
In my dealership in Southaven ms I saw one for $52000
everyone bitching about the older platform not recognizing the 370 was a great sports car and not realizing its the reason you get 400 horsies for ten grand less than the comparably powered higher tier Supras
At least it looks like a Z, finally!  Before this the real Z's died with the 1989 model
After owning one of the first 350Zs (2002 preorder), I finally went to try out a 370 about 6 years ago, but I didn't like it.  It was like driving a Lakitu cloud... very disconnected from the road.  Then I ended up loving the BRZ and buying one of those.  I know the 350Z well, and the BRZ now.  The BRZ is my favorite, even though having the Z early on was like being a celeb... lol.  The BRZ gave me less power, but more control, more like the M Coupe I once drove for a short time.  Now I can't say I took the greatest care of these cars because both had engines blow out at 60-70k.  (I don't know... I drove the Z hard, and 120 MPH all the time.  The BRZ ... not so much.  It seemed like 80 was my top speed, and I'm older now so 70 was probably more common.  Not sure why that blew out.  It just happened today.)   If I don't get a manual Toyota pickup next, I'll probably get the new BRZ or 86.  Being based on the 370 doesn't make me want a Z.  Plus I think the pickup is better suited to the end of the world that seems to be approaching fast.
I preferred thr prototype design.  I liked that big grill and heritage rear lights
Guessing Doug hasn't heard the word "delete" when it comes to getting the EPA to F off 😂😂
There’s a few 2024 models on a lot near me, all 72k
Quite bit late, somehow I missed this video thanks to YouTube's flawed algorithm. Been a fan of your channel for many years, ever since it was very small channel, I've always enjoyed your down to earth views on both exotic and every day cars, and highly value your opinions, but lately I've been in disbelief at the way the "styling" score is earned. I know beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but to score the Z higher in this category than a Corvette C8 just boggles my mind, I know this might subjective, but I think the vast majority of car enthusiasts out there agree the Corvette looks much more stylish than the Z, as a C8 owner I find this score system both puzzling and flawed. Please don't take this the wrong way, I am still a follower and will hopefully continue to enjoy your videos, just something to think about. Thank you for all the effort you put into making these videos.
This one is SO cool i like it i saw in person and honestly look bettler that the z4 ando the supra im considering in buying one
This one is SO cool i like it i saw in person and honestly look bettler that the z4 ando the supra im considering in buying one
It's ugly
Not really a sports car. More like a cruiser that happens to be RWD. About as engaging as an Accord, which isn't terrible. No feedback from the steering, slow turn. I tried it.
Man this car is so sexy. Ima deep Z fan and I love the throw back design while keeping it modern. I hope to have this car someday I’d keep it forever!!
Man great review. I really like how animated and excited you get haha it’s entertaining to watch I gota say.
Dougie's left arm is fucked
The “300” Z is fantastic! I don’t understand why it isn’t selling
One car you have never reviewed is the 90's Nissan 300ZX TWIN TURBO. I wanna see it reviewed please
I need to start making more money
I had a 350Z, currently have a 370Z, and was looking forward to trading in for the new Z. I was hoping Nissan would have increased the size of the engine and kept it naturally aspirated like it did with the past two gens. I guess that's why it's just called "Z" now, because Nissan actually decreased the engine size to 3.0L. Another reason I won't buy the new Z is because the front design looks bad with the huge grill. I realize it's supposed to look like the 240Z, but the 240Z's grill wasn't that large. The headlights look like they don't fit with the design either, even though they lined up a couple of the car lines with the headlights. The back design looks great. The front design and engine really killed my desire for buying it. I'll just stick with modding my 370Z or buying a Supra.
This car is ugly
the car does not look vintage inside.
For the price it’s absolute robbery
Doug, your complete lack of buyers knowledge shines bright in this review. Nobody, NOBODY considering a Supra is gonna opt for a Z. Reliability, build quality, resale value, did I mention reliability because it can’t be stressed enough, goofy Nissan spaceship stying, etc all lead to choosing a Supra. You can throw all the horsepower numbers out there you want, it doesn’t mean a thing when it’s in the shop half its life and worth pennies on the dollar by the time it’s paid off.
I have yet to see a single one of these on the street in the wild either in the U.S. or Japan. Makes me a bit sad. I'll be honest, forgot the car existed for awhile.
I hate how all the car companies are just playing mix and match a car😢 they ruined the new supera and this ain't looking much better. They want to create as little as possible. I think they may have done a better job on this fairlady though
Great car!
Could not watch the entire clip. STOP doing  a ton of coke before filming a video!
😁👌🔥🔥🔥
Well done Nissan! This might be the first Nissan that I actually would consider buying.
I don’t find this Nissan Z attractive 😢 is it only me?
I bet Doug does not remember the secret stash spot under the ashtray in the old Zs.
Z
Terrible blue, considering we had Daytona Blue from 2003.  I want primary blue, not blue with a hint of green.
Looks ugly AF
Let the cars marinate at the dealership before buying unless you want to support dealership markups by buying into their insane price hike.
Why! Why nissan! Why did you make the back of the car so good looking but then gave it that ugly front end?! It is terrible.
مايعجبني تصميم سوبرا ليس كلاسيكي ولا له علاقه بسويرا القديمه
اللون روعه ❤🥲
He doesn't know vertical from horizontal
The new Z > New Supra
I really wish they didn't put powered seats in the "performance" this the type of car I wish there was a option to get rid of anything power to get a actual pure lightweight sports car, Manual seats manual window, reach over to adjust mirrors etc, it should be a $0 option, given it will cost less to make, but the amount of weight that will be saved will make you forget about the fact that you need to lean over and stretch a bit to get your mirrors right once per year same about the seats, a bit more work on rear occasions for a lot more fun all the time, sounds like a great deal to me. But then again I find walking for 15 minutes to the shop or using the stairs normal, and I never had problems with needing to loose weight - I am not American but still an Idiot 😂
This thing is great, real manual transmission, real pull E brake.
No thanks. Simply a rebadged Q60 red.
I think Nissan killed it with this car. I especially love how it looks. Its not over the top insane like how the original Type R was, but it looks good enough to turn some heads.
Scumbag stealerships are asking $70k for these things. That is gonna be a hard pass for me. Getting pretty sick of those guys.
Id love that in AWD, I know I know it's a Z but living in NY anything other than AWD doesnt make much sense.
Why are the front seats different?
I'd love to have one, still can't find them for msrp
Do you have a review of the 90s 300zx with the headlights the Diablo borrowed? I was looking for it and can't find it.
Sad that they butchered the manual..
did promise to never have a nissan again but this is so cool...
It’s a gas powered car, not electric.  Very out of date and old-fashioned power train.  It it was electric it would have greater performance and handling.
I just saw a nismo for sale for 160,000 that’s stupid, I live in Nevada and the weather gets so bad idk how someone would pay that to drive it 7 months out of the year
I was looking at the side view of the Ferrari Roma-thats the body style Nissan should imitate
I've always loved the Z exteriors but the interiors always looked and felt so cheap. This one does as well.
the tail lights look cool, everything else is bland
kinda funny i always thought the 350, and 370 was the ugliest piece of crap on the road lol, and still do, but i definitely like what they did with the looks of this one, kinda goes back to its orginal Datsun, but doesnt over do it.  unlike Toyota.... who didnt even make an effort
Also the Z looks a million times better than the Supra…
Refreshing that they break with the drive modes trend on a manual!  Modes are useful for an auto, but on a manual, Sport should be the only available mode. You can control the rest through your shifting!
If this had  a T-Top
When will Infinit bring back the G?
Tail lights are horizontal not vertical
looks much better in silver and without that spoiler
I think this could be a modern classic.
2013 just under 50 k jooooooke
Doug lost it. $50k is a bargain? Dude. Have you ever actually worked to avoid homelessness? LoL. Pampered life opinion when you imagine $50k cars are "affordable". Insane.
Doug so brainwashed by fan boi horsepower stats LoL
So tired of everything being internet-connected especially cars. The electronic gadgets are not sustainable in cars. Sadly these are all disposable cars in 10 years. It's obscene really. But I guess if they made cars we ourselves can diagnose, we won't buy a new car every 5-7 years. Bad formula for everyone's future. It's just another car to impress the boys who grew up wiggling their joysticks on boy cams playing first shooter games pretending girls made them play in the closet. Cars like this probably do get boyfriends for boy drivers. Is all that money burned is virtue signaling. It must work.
Doug calling early 2000's "retro" makes me wonder what weed Doug hit ahead of this video. Don't pretend Doug isn't partaking. That's the magic ingredient to his giddy car joy. Do Visine ads Doug!!
Perfect chassis and suspension for a plug in hybrid drivetrain. Simplify and stop trying to add gobs of horsepower for the overcompensating inadequate male club. You could make a sporting GT car 2500 pounds 50mpg and 40 miles battery range on a 2 seater hatch platform like this. Why don't they? The midgey funny fellers imagining chicks are impressed with 0-60 and 1/4 mile drag times. You fellers interested in what the fellers think too much are virtue signaling to the other fellers like yourselves!!!
In my opinion older 350 and 370 was a lot better looking cars 😒
Honestly I think the third gauge being battery voltage was really smart, makes it easier to tell if your battery is going bad so any attentive drivers can have sort of a fore-warning for a dead battery instead of finding out at the most inconvenient of times like going to work or driving on the interstate.
Wish I had one !
Lmao Doug is the only guy complaining about his back up camera being low res.  It looks totally fine  and you only looks at for 4 seconds at a time anyways.
I've always loved  the old z cars.  This car is one of the few cars i have seen that I truly covet .     We need more sporty cars that you can actually afford  and drive.
Sounds like a sewing machine.
I had one of the original 240Zs and it was a balst. This is the first one that I've really liked since the original. It really looks more like the original than any other version of the Z.
Wouldn't they be horizontal not vertical?
Should've been a 4.0 NA and no GSI.
dude thinks this sentra looks great. even with that price tag. dude........
This z is like a mashup of different nissan z's.
Nissan zhit
This!   I'd love to have one!  Beautiful Z.
I got so exhausted just watching this dude😂😂
The Z32 is so much better looking than this bloated thing.
That colour is beautiful omg
As far as looks go, the original 240Z is my favorite, I would rather have a 240 resto-mod but I can't afford either. My budget is more like the high 30's, over 40k is just out of reach.
Get this 6 spd, manual rwd car while it's available....car manufacturers rarely give us what we really want... and here is a close as you're going to get.
The only good looking Nissan car is the 240z and S15 the rest are horribly choonky
nissan/infiniti have never made a single good car in their entire existence
I'll take the base model Z.
400 horses, 370fpt, and 3,700 lbs. pass.
This dude just loves to hear himself talk. Damn he just blabs & blabs ...
Looks just like when the scion tc got its first redesign.
Walmart Quincy 22.
A not-so-good shifter and clutch and it sounds like an angry Camry. Well... there goes that dream.
28 38 48 58 68 78 88 98 108 118
Market Dorchester.
Chicken Dorchester
Supermarket Dorchester.
My favorite part about this car is the battery gauge.
The new Z and the Supra can’t be compared because the Supra is just a German made car in Japanese clothing. Very disappointed with Toyota with them going in together with BMW on the supra if I wanted to buy a German car I buy a BMW I bought a Japanese car for the Japanese design and Japanese interior.
Round 2 Chevy Camaro should not be number one in your category  Doug. Those American V-8 engines you like so much spend most of their life at the mechanic shop. You need a tow truck to drive behind you !!!!    But yet you have it in number one position I’ve been a mechanic for 30 years Doug I know what I’m talking about !!!  You are misleading people that watches your show.
Doug Toyota should not be in your category at all. They do not know how to make sports cars they can’t even make their own engines . Look where you have the 370Z  NISMO  in the bottom of your category when it should be number 1 in your category Doug This is how ignorant you are when you talk about cars .When it  is the second best track car in the world  and the most reliable sports car in the world till this day !!!!!     NISSAN  and HONDA  the only true and real Japanese  cars  and trucks.
Doug has that dad-left-him-a-ton-of-money vibe
My maxima 2014 sounds better!)love the new z and z nismo anyway👍💪❤️
The old V6? No Z had a V6 til the 300
If you're getting into a sports car for comfort and features you're doing it wrong.
The big fuel door gives me a track fill up vibe to get the nozzle in, full, and go.
I dont like it. Looks like a scion.
interior of this specific car is very grey drab looking fro such an exciting car.
this car sucks
I can’t wait to get one going to be ln like 5-6 months 🫠
I'm sold. Gotta get one now.
Looks like its from 2010 era looks so outdated
Now put this transmission on the Frontier and you have a sale here.
It's just a 370z with a Q50 drivetrain. Both cars were 10-$15k before covid. This car is not worth the 80k after tax and mark ups AT ALL
The chrome is supposed to look like a katana sword. It's not an "unfinished" design", you just didn't get it, flew right over your head
The 240 was a 4 banger, the 260 had a V-6, and the 280 had 8 cylinders
I really enjoy all these little easter eggs these manufacturers have been adding. I finally took delivery of my Ford Bronco about 3 months ago and there's a bunch of them throughout the vehicle. It's a great nod to the heritage these vehicles have.
I'll be able to afford this one of these days 😅
Looks like the Opel Manta lmao
a mechanical parking brake is how they should all be, Doug get it together
Doug desperately trying to make this dull-ass car seem interesting. 😴😔
It kinda looks like it let itself go and got thick through the middle. Every earlier Z is better looking.
Is Doug the wacky little brother of Chandler Bing?
V6 FOREVER
Wish they put s mode auto downshift for all manuals tho
27:55 Doug returned to his high school days for a second 😂
0:29 We gotta here him say “ Thhisssssssss” in the room he advertised cars and bids it
Atlast!!!! I have a reason to grind. As a car guy, I was sooo dissapointed with bmw supra from japan. I thought that with this electric trend coming up really fast, we will not see any more of "old good cars".. I was damn wrong. Thank you Nissan. Looking back through time, this is the only brand that does not forget simple people, who wants nice sporty car, specially with a stick. I think im in love guys... <3
It needs T-tops.
Weird seeing Tennessee plates on the car while watching Doug drive through Sorrento Valley in San Diego
The Z mops the floor with the Supra.  Gorgeous, great driving and a stick shift.  A proper sports car at an affordable price.  I drive the Infiniti Q60/G37 which is a classy classic GT that puts a smile on my face every day.  And it's rev match sounds amazing.  I'd buy the Z performance and a good exhaust system.   Upgrade path would be the  Boxster GT4.0..
The ass kinda looks ass
doug needs to take cars to the track if he's going to talk about the handling. The new z isn't that great of a handler
I agree 100% on the clutch situation. I can’t stand a really springy clutch or one that’s really stiff. I would much rather have a soft push with just a touch of spring. But I guess that’s preference
No way! The kneesaahn zee!
someone buy this for me PLEASE
Want a Z with a better interior and luxury with the same power / performance, look no further than the Q60 RS. ;-)
For 10k you can get a much better wheelset, spoiler,  and some HP bits
Great car  - Doug; please edit your descriptions so that there is more show and less tell.  The constant chatter is tiring.  I mean this as a helpful comment.
Zzzzziiiiiissstthhh!  Please get Invisiline please!
How would the z compare with the 718? from a performance and feel perspective..
Doug was literally clowning this car the whole video.😂
The front looks identical to the honda S2000 . Looks outdated already
Send me one please
My wrx doesn’t have any of the fancy “driver assist and i love it. It’s simple it’s all about the driver and the car no dumb computer trying to drive for you
is this another dimension or what? this Z is the worst they ever made. wait and see in 10-15~ years
A kid asked teacher in computer class what does pressing multiple keys on keyboard like Ctrl + c or Ctrl + v does.. Teacher said u ca create a new Nissan Z using old ones without using imagination.
Let me be the first: It's FUGLY
A year later and I still haven’t seen a single one on the road.
Doig is the type of guy to sit you down, as a friend, and tell you your quirks and features
All nissan needs  to fix is the exhaust  and I would rate it over the supra . But still nissan best car  brand in my opinion.
I understand why some people might be very disappointed with all the carryover parts from the 370, but then again, there's a legitimate reason why the 370Z was so long-lived.
horizontical and vertal
Nissan ZED
Its weird hearing praise of "turbo rpm" gauge and criticism of the volt gauge. One of those is useless and its not the volts lol
Doug is the type of guy who would confuse horizontal with vertical
I’m hearing Nissan being a fledgling car company as we speak . Where banking on this Z , and they lost money on it! Who is buying this car in 2023? Since buying a 2 seater sports car , is not the car to buy right now! And I’m a 350Z owner!
This car looks horrible Lol
Such a nice looking car god damn
Idk why but front headlights with the front end style kinda reminds me of hyundai tiburon GT V6
my second wife asks me this car
butt-free ugly car that embarrasses its grandpa 300zx
I want one so bad
Missing my 370 after watching this.
I miss the t tops on the 300, would have been nice if they did a glass roof
Okay but a year later, how has the reliability held up so far?
johnny bravo
0:28 I felt like God himself was hurrying me to go on Cars and Bids
Oof that front end might be the ugliest thing I’ve seen since PT cruiser
Why are Toyota and Nissan making the GR Corolla and Z limited availability?
I love everything about this car except for the price tag
It's just a shame no one can afford to buy them and they are not even popular like they used to be 😢
You sir need to lay off the tweek
Kinda sad I haven't seen any of these on the road yet...
This is how the Supra should have been priced
God I hate that blue. What kind of ass wants a boring blue Z?
Nismo Z! Looking forward to that model coming out. Then I'll consider buying. Great review Doug and as a Washingtonian I love the shirt.
18:12 Complains touchscreen doesn't have a home screen. Shows footage of himself bringing up the home screen.
Nissan Zed
Kind of a typo on the back windshield. There’s a hyphen after 1969 as if they were going to put another year after it!
Nissan used to make some of the most beautiful cars in the early 90s such as the Nissan 180SX, 240SX, Nissan Z32 ZX, Silvia S15, R32 Skyline, R33 Skyline, R34 Skyline and the R35 Skyline... But then, they hired a bunch of idiot designers and they came up with the Nissan Juke, Nissan 370Z, Sylphy, Almera and the worst of all them all the hideous Teana and the V Series the V35, V36 and V37... I knew Nissan was doomed when I saw the Juke, the Teana and the V Series...What the hell were you thinking Nissan??? The 2022 Nissan Z is nice, but it is too little, too late...you can't save Nissan anymore...
Hate it
The Nissan Z car has always been the red headed stepchild. of the exotic car world and it looks that hasn't changed.
The backup camera has a better quality than mine 😭
Right around the 8-minute mark I started wondering if Doug knows that vertical and horizontal are different concepts. By 8:30, I was positive he had no idea.
The base model wheels look better in my opinion.
Doug, the battery meter is incredibly useful for determining whether or your power system is working properly or not.  By that alone you can tell if your alternator is dying/dead, and that's important, because you could get stranded if it dies, and you run your battery out of juice, then you have no way of recharging it, you need to get AAA and waste your night waiting on the side of the highway, then getting an uber to drive to the store to buy a new battery, just to get the car to the shop, where you leave it overnight, so that the shop can replace the alternator, unless you know how to do it yourself, but then that's another couple hours
Horizontal
Nissan need step they game up
Nothing special. And looks outdated
Everything about this car looks good except for the front end. Absolutely zero aggression. It's literally this emoji 😐 lmao.
The Big Zed is back - yay!
The back looks good..resembles the 90s 350..the front not so much..too bland..should have kept it like 90s version.  Just revised
I really don't like the look at all the interior has a similar look to the Subaru BRZ and is not as sporty as the 370z and now with new technology you can add a Tesla screen to any car now not worth the high price.
At base, definitely this v6 over the 4 banger Supra. Top trim though, we’ll let the comp tests decide.
The body of the car is kinda disappointing tbh .
the Supra looks way better.  this looks like it was thrown together from old Z's.
Are those infiniti redsport exhaust tips?
Soooo, 10,000 dollars gets you a plastic wing and a set of rims…. Nice
If I buy a sports car, I want to drive, not let it drive.
There’s one Z in my local dealership and it has a markup of $30,000. It’s ridiculous.
that's the ugliest thing I've ever seen!  Worst redesign ever!  The ugliest z car ever! terrible interior. fucking stupid digital readouts. Horrible. No wonder the prices for 370z is going up in price. This is horrendous! I can't imagine anyone wanting this over the old one. Nothing new is good. Nothing.
I have always been a fan of the ol 240z and this car really looks more like that than the 350 or 370z which is awesome.
Just looked up current prices (Apr 2023) 70k for the performance model at the dealership 😂
horizontal
Problem? Russian military made the Z on vehicles the new swastika
I want one
We have this car in Dothan AL for $47,647
Should’ve kept black grill
A 10 thousand dollar difference for some bigger wheels a spoiler and some other little things is stupid
Back To The Future   What if a nissan z would look like as a Time Machine
Ugly car
I love how they brought back the classic Z32 styling in the back.
One of the best looking modern cars imo.
While I'd never buy either the Z or the Supra but if i was going to I'd buy the Z every day over the garbage Supra.
0-60 in 4.5 just like a 2010 base camaro
Love your reviews. But those lights that you keep saying are vertical ovals are horizontal.
I love how they went back to the datsun 240z.
Vertical = up/down.  The word you're looking for is HORIZONTAL.  A little distracting, frankly.
Hearing it called Zee and not Zed is so jarring.
This This This This Can't take him anymore.
Hey, I like it, plan and simple. There is no need for all these high-class aids that these new sports cars have. If you are a fan of the old school sports cars, Nissan hit the spot.
i vvant van
Stupid design from the past came back to hunt all us down, I personally not paying top dollar for that ugly taillights, why go back if you can go forward to a new design and features 😮
i think the 470z is the one ill want to buy.
I definitely sounds like a mad Camry 😂
I feel like my 2015 q50 is too similar for 1/3 the price
It's a beautiful car, and the sport model looks a bit naked without the spoiler, which in my opinion is a very good thing.
That "Since 1969" is a cool easter egg!
My favorite part of the 2023 Z is the heritage styling.
You can test-drive mine it is a blue 2004 Nissan 350Z convertible less than 90,000 miles just about a 90,000 to 110,000 miles. Blue with blue flames
Stop being an idiot ! Please be honest with this car ! Ya it’s not a 911 and am sick of you always referring to it ???
Im 25 i plan to get a nissan z in the next 10 years. 🥰
21:25  *gasp* that Motorweek guy would be appalled!
Look like Datsun 240z future concept
I love spoilers... but i have the feeling that the car looks better without that spoiler. It would've been better if they put a bigger, higher rear wing, in my opinion. To look more aggressive...
Oh, i wanted to mention something. You can actually have a roof that is not black. Although it doesn't look as cool as a black roof, you can still configure this car in the Nissan website.
I like the brake lights. They remind me of older vehicles.
No aborvan ánimo y auto estima de ni hijo
"vertical" tail lights... Doug, those are horizontal.
Complains about there not being a "general home screen". Pushes the "menu" button which takes him to a "general home screen".  Lmao.
4:30 some? More like MOST
rear wheel drive only? i mean thats not good. in a world with awds being more prominent. plus an awd would be faster and better on the track /:
He keeps saying vertical when he means horizontal.
Listen, this isn't my favorite looking car of all time, but compared to almost everything else out there right now, it has so much more character, connection to it's predecessors, and overall thematic consistency. I saw one for the first time the other day, and I felt something that I very rarely feel about brand new cars: deep respect. It's the same feeling I get when I see a 300ZX, or a skyline GTR. This car feels much more grounded in reality than it's peers. It isn't trying to be anything other than exactly what it needs to be, and everything about it reflects that. Bravo to Nissan, they clearly found a way to channel that vintage Nissan passion. I hope to drive one someday.
So the 2023 Z ties the...uh...2021 Supra? Where is the quality control on these reviews?
If only it had a t top
Is there a way to make one of these more powerful without voiding the warranty?
Way too expensive
Blue looks like 2004 sti
I love two tone designs!
Yet the Z isn’t faster than the Supra. The Supra has more hp than the specs say. Also, the Supra handles better than the Z.
I hate it when car makers put the badge over the engine saying what’s in it… it’s like saying hey everyone look at me I’m stock
My Favorite Z300 is 1991 2+2.
I don’t think it’s faster than the supra  The supra is better overall and more valuable
I don't think Doug knows what vertical and horizontal is...
I love the Pulp Fiction throw back
Well, the platform that the VW beetle used , type 1 lasted 65 years from 1938 to 2003. So we shouldn't be too anal that it is on an old platform so long it works, yea?
Doug doesn't know what vertical means, that boy needs help
I think it looks awesome, the rear end especially
I've been disappointed with Nidsan for some years now. They've been going downhill for a long time, and I say this as an old die-hard Nissan guy. But this is a step in the right direction. Like the manual e brake and lack of modes, retro as0ect to the styling, but kinda wish they went analog on speed and tach. I'm cautiously optimistic...
I actually prefer the early 90s late 80s z. And I think my mazda 3 hatch is sexier
In terms of looks, it has lost some of its essence. The rounded look, the lights, the silver details... but its a pure manual.
I have NO idea why Nissan is unable to make a decent clutch but I hated the one in my 350Z.  That alone would deter me from buying this car.  Nissan need to fire the old senior engineer that continues to believe the clutch is fine.
"this feels faster than the supra"   Literally every single video done with those two head to head and the Supra blows the Z out of the water. lol
Toyota could’ve done the same thing with the Supra, but they took a big L. Way to go, Nissan 👏🏾
That springy clutch will be be tighter in long term use and its purposely that spriny so that you can go side ways without using handbrake 😉
why cant honda just make something good looking... and powerful....?
MANUAL!!! Music to my ears...
Take a shot everytime Doug says "Z"
For a car with only under 400 hp $80,000 is overkill
This is what supra deserve
The interior looks dated but the exterior is pretty cool
Calling your car just "Z" in today's climate was probably not the best idea...
Finally, a brand that listens to the buyers!!!
Future classic for sure
Want this in white. If I can't get it  Time to get the Prius 2023 awd
Whatever it's pros beauty won't be one of them. It won't sell well.
Love this car
“THIS”
8:05  Doug a guy who does not know what "vertical" means. 😄
Bloated and fat. Nothing like the original.  This car: 3,602 lbs. 1969–73 240Z: 2,302 lbs.
Reminds me of modern 240sx! This car is simply beautiful
Give me 3 pedals and an h shifter with over 100 horses, ill be happy.
Leave it to dealers to kill the dream for the rest of us.
Stone me but the front end is ugly. Just looks depressed with the tires. Like it’s trying to be a big body and a small coupe at the same type. I think it’s the suspension and wheel fitment? Front end just needs to be lower and thinner compared to the older models? Just me? I’ll use Doug’s terms “looks a little unfinished, and a little huge”
The tail lights aren’t vertical. They are horizontal. 🤦‍♂️
370z was great. This looks like car for old people.
No I believe the screen stays as one use thing because as they say one thing at a time. Sports for fun, map and detections on a destination not driven before
Just curious: @ 27:00 till end… why do u have the camera directed on your face?…it’s not like I / we can’t hear you speak, I would think that maybe the camera could be better placed behind you-in the middle somewhere-directed at the dash and windshield…POV while driving.
Why in the world would I pay $50000 for a 400hp Z when I can buy a 400hp corvette for $20000?
Mannn I love this fucking car
Idk why everyone gave the front grille such a hard time. The new M series,  RS audis, hyundai N lines,  etc. all have gaping holes of plastic for front grilles and people praise them
Sweetttt did you do a 300ZX review lol
Such a beautiful car
I still love my 370z. 125k miles and still going strong. And I love the fact not everyone has one - I think our town has 3 of them - so it’s not like seeing a dodge challenger every block.
I don't want a Lambo or a Ferrari. Nissan Z is my dream car.
Glad to own a 370Z Nismo with a 6MT, for me the whole 400z does not offer the same emotion to drive...
I can't wait to see these turned into proper drift cars. I know it's a cost-cutting mechanism but I'm glad they've carried over a few things from the previous Z, like the E brake. Gives people some familiarity which is great at least when it comes to taking one out on the track, since I'm sure many people will be switching from a previous model Z to this. Might be my favorite new era car to date.
Dont talk   just  drive  hear sounds
future classic for sure. thank god theres no fake vents *cough,cough supra*
Saw one in person for the first time the other day. That rear end is one of the best I’ve ever seen on any car.
Doug recording a video looks like a full upper body workout.
I love the sharp, clean design sans all the rocket ship add-ons reminiscent of the C8, et al. And, Doug, what a great job you've done in your presentation of the new Z! Thank you!
It’s a Nissan so ya it’s not a quality car at all .
It looks ugly lol
The styling looks great and 400hp wow!
still havent seen a single one of these on the road lol
I love it... Nissan was like... "We need to make a new "Z", but our art/design department is swamped with other projects, so what can we do? Oh! Pull up all of the 3D models of every "Z" model we've ever made, and we'll Frankenstein one... But pull one designer in to get us a new steering wheel"
I can't wait to see the aftermarket stuff for this car and what petrol heads do with it.... also in gt7 this car had a 9 speed manual transmission and with aftermarket turbos reached 200mph like a breeeze
Doug doesn't know what vertical means
Hey Doug, why do u talk like Sheldon from Big Bang Theory series?
Dealer mark up is going to keep me far from this hunk of ladybird awesomeness for a while. I'm ruthlessly saving for this beauty and I'm going for it when it's closer to MSRP
28:00 "Hi, I'm Date Doug. Nice to meet me."
Always loved those tail lights so glad they did it right this time ❤
Horizontal oval lights.
front looks hideous
When two plastic surgery couple have a baby it's the 2023 370z, bring back 350z!
The devil z has been resurrected
I just realized the supra shares a body with the BMW z right? Haha
@17:06 turn your audio off and just watch this. Or don't. Either way. 👀
3500 lbs for a 2 seater roadster ?!?  She's heavy.
Now this is the car I’m buying when it comes out ….. nice and simple just like the 280z …….  I don’t want any tech just turn the key and go!
The radio system is poo the touchscreen needs more response.
The rear loos incredible. Bold design choice but man it paid off in my opinion
Regarding the oval lights: Vertical = | Horizontal = —  Love your work and your attention to detail. Just sayin…
This car has the face of a mouth-breather... wtf
That smurf interior XD  Looks great I used to own a 76 280Z and I like it.  It looks like they could have put that rear camera on top of the Z logo.
the tail lights leave a lot to be desired tbh
Damn that exhaust wasn’t what I wanted to hear 😔
How dare you mention that BMW Z4, I mean "Supra" in this video.
That 12 volt outlet is in the same spot in my 350z
As more and more car manufacturers follow the trend of making everything resemble a small suv, as well as making every single car automatic transmission, I wonder how much longer cars like the Z will exist. At least they made this model. Here’s hoping it’s not a send off! 🍻
Dough says the taillight ovals are vertical wouldn't that be horizontal?
It looks like an EV.. kinda disappointed. 2 door coupe with no seats in the back would be really awesome
i hope more cars are more like that and not a bloated and overpriced junk o happy they kept the manual
That’s the ugliest Z I’ve ever seen.
He was wrong when he said the z feels faster than the supra.
LA WE ZEE
should've named it Datsun Z
Trying to figure how are people getting hands on the new Z car no dealership in my state has it
It looks ugly, 370z looks waaaaay better
She is beautiful... Japanese cars are the best.❤
As someone who owned and enjoyed three different 370Z variants (GT, Black Edition, Nismo) I’m hugely disappointed this won’t be sold in the UK.
แปลกไม่มีขับเคลื่อนล้อหน้า ขับสี่ล้อก็ไม่มี หุ้นโรงพยาบาลมันไม่ขยับหรืออย่างใร [เอกชน]?
Wish this was coming to uk, would definitely buy one
A relic of the past... that should have stayed there. Good review still Doug.
Not recommended to drive in ukrainia...
DATSUN PLEASE 👀
They know their customers well!  Yes indeed! This 72 year old could well be one of those customers!  I haven't done a handbrake turn for years!
Toyota should take note. Could you imagine if they did an actual A80 refresh. Like new electronics and updated to some degree but don't faking change the design so much.
They did a great job on this one.
slabo
Was dead set on the 2023 golf r. But this has really peaked my interest. Love the look of this! Good job Nissan.
is wonderfull remake like it <3
It's too expensive. And it's a little slow.  If you look at the competition, for what you get, it needs to be cheaper.
I would plug handheld CB radio in 12 volt connector.
Repackaged a 370z selling it for 60k. sounds like shit too.
Doug: this infotainment screen has no Home Screen  Menu screen at 18:09 : Am I a joke to you?
I am not impressed by this car. I think they ruined the look of the Z car as compared to earlier models. It almost looks kind of mustang like in a way. Won't be getting this one.
As an owner of a '76 Datsun Z and '04 350 Z, I absolutely love the new Z, but to have an Infinity engine just seems insulting to the Z legacy and I really wish they picked a better engine.
Cool looking car but that interior looks chintzy
I'm especially loving that steering wheel
Are the wheels just tiny, or why it looks like a suv?
I love this. A trend that is worth following in my opinion.
Buddy, maybe dont do blow before making a video.
Interior could look way better for 50k
I like it. I prefer the looks of the 370Z though 😕 I hope the NISMO version looks more sporty. The front looks too GR86’y and the back end looks too dull
"revived", yeah that's why they're all over the road, huh?... I've seen more murcielagos on the road lol
Sport Z for the win, mostly for whole car paint the same color, add some louvers on back glass & hello 1984 with tech.
Damn i cant wait to graduate as a nurse and work abroad so that i can afford this masterpiece
"Another upgrade, a Bose sound system" I had a good laugh
It looks cool except the front of it
Hey Doug You’re gonna have to go and review the new Nismo Z when it comes out right?!?!
There's no way  on God's green Earth I could by  the Nissan Z over the Toyota Supra It looks like something that was just chopped out👎👎👎
Eh, not a big fan of the design. It just looks a little weird from the front.
I guess its about to move on from my Nissan 280 Z-T😵
Doug, you keep saying vertical oval. Brother..., its horizontal.
nissan jumped the shark when it merged with renault
0:28 That echo tho 😂😂😂
I am proud of nissan.
$40,000 base model and no heated seats or electronic seat engine? Tack on a basic sound system and this is a hard pass
as a z fan, I have to say they didn't gamble on the design enough. looks like they played it too safe. would of rather seen a modern take on the 90's 300zx over the 370z.
400 HP is powerful, today we think 6 or 700 HP but just to reference, my 1987 mustang GT 5 speed was lucky if it had 200 hp.
53k lol
Ugly as hell and looks very cheaply made, lot of plastic. 50k+? HAH
Ziiii. It' fucking Zed. x y and ZED.
I like the new Z. I hope it’s a success.
I love that there aren’t fake vents plastered all over it! That trend needs to stop!
I've had 240's, 260, 280's, and the original 300 (that looked like a square 280). I can tell you, they really only seemed fast because they were low to the ground.   They were still fun to drive, but cramped, and tempermental.  Basically the 240 was a Jaguar knock off, and they went from there.   I don't drive any of them any more, I switched to motorcycles which have 2x gas mileage and are more fun to drive and easier and cheaper to maintain.  Can't say I recommend a Z car to anybody.   I still ahve two that run that are parked rotting away in the yard.  Just have no interest in spending that kind of money on gas.
If you could find a 97 nissan 400R to review 🔥🔥🤯
What is the White car at 32 seconds in?
Transmission will go out in 6 months 🥴 they couldn’t give me a Nissan
Doug, you preached value and then gave it the same score as the Supra in that category. I'm gonna give it a 63 total and let it beat out the supra by a point due to that. I think most outside of the Supra fanboys will agree...
I love my 08 Infiniti G37 S Sport Coupe 6MT.....almost 15 years old, and it's still kickin' hard!
I think the battery volt meter must be for guys who let the car sit for long periods between uses.
10:16 How bad could it sou-   Oh. Oh man. We're burning all the rice, huh?
300zx tail lights were my favorite. Hell that entire car is still one of my favorites, so I like the inspiration this car has taken from it and other z cars. The Nissan z cars are what got me into cars in the first place. My grandma used to have a 300zx a 240sx before that and a 250z before that lol
A sexy sports car without the driver assist stuff PERIOD!? Sign me up!!! especially since I've had a special hard-on for the 350 since forever 🥰  Note also, not having that stuff also lowers the cost. Loads of sensors that don't need to be places and wires up. It's nice being able to turn that junk off, bit God tier to simply not have to be bothered in the first place
My Dad once owned a 280Z (year unknown) which he liked a lot. Though I could NEVER afford it, I’d love to own a Z as well. Oh well…
You can tell that this will be an instant classic
And this is not coming to Europe 😭 ...now I know your feeling US fellows for the many cars you did not get
Where is this thing from, New Z land?
nissan has not missed once "since 1969"😂
My '77 z was way better. It had no unnecessary gadgets.
350z still looks better to me
27:40 Doug is on that 1/4 mile race road at the end of F&F 1.
What about polished chrome rims is this possible?
Looks pretty good, especially with the blue seats...
This car is about 90% beautiful, but that front end and the headlights just seem like someone did their homework assignment as the last minute. Lights are too simple and small for a front end that boxy. If you're going to have a boxy front end, it really needs some headlights that don't look like squint eyes slapped on the corners.
Supra  is all about the Toyota .
27:59 xD thats it
I’m 6’4” can I still fit comfortably in the new Z’s? I know my friends old 350Z was a little snug
I know I am in the minority, but I think the 350Z looks better than the 370 or 400 ! Much cleaner lines and styling!
Looks like u could fit a Laserdisc in that fuel door
Nissan : w use parts from 2003 to make this car affordable
Way. Too. Expensive.
supra inside is not supra, its bmw, new Nissan z >>> new supra
I’m glad they brought the Tiburon back
He hates it
I wish it had a straight 6 with 1 big turbo…
As for the chrome/silver trim piece above the doors, Nissan designed that to resemble the shape of a Japanese Katana. This explains why the piece doesn't extend to the hatch.
Anyone else miss analog gauges already?
Excellent🎉
I wish popup headlights were still around.  This car would look great if it had a pair.
It is a mistake to go for retro looks. Yes it does look like 240Z and that's dated. 350Z, 370Z had the same issue.  Retro look gets old fast.   The best looking modern Z was 300ZX '90-'96. It still looks modern.  This one here  looks like a behemoth on oversized wheels, small cabin and bloated body.
Am I the only one who thought about the devil z when I saw thumbnail
40 and 50k? Why buy this over a mustang?
need for speed made me love this car for night racing
This guy talks too much like damn man
Too bad it has a huge plastic cover over the engine. Looks dumb. 😀
It really isnt..... You could do a video on the q50 rs400 from infiniti..  they have literally the same specs...
As per usual: Nissan, Toyota and Hyundai continue to keep the car world fun and exciting. Long may they continue to do so; if I had the money to buy a car, I honestly wouldn't know which to choose from them! The Z is a VERY strong contender though.   I'd like to thank those manufacturers particularly for listening to car enthusiasts since their beginning and bringing us what we want in a car! Please continue to do so and don't fall down the SUV route; by creating legendary cars, you're keeping your incredible reputation alive!
8:40 -   base model $41,000  Z performance model $51,000
It pisses me off, that they don't call this thing the 400Z
Yeah its a great car but it sucks for the real enthusiast who arent rich to buy pne cause of the markups, the dealership are stupidly making this car unreachable for us whos making a decent living.... Offcourse millionaires and collectors will be able to buy it 🤷‍♂️
Instead of using a Battery voltage gauge, they could have kept the theme and used a Exhaust temp or intake temp gauge.
Headlights are weird. Remind me of BMW Z4.
Looks like the devil z. I now want one over supra
Zed...
It's just a 370....and hardly any faster...get over it
I remember my aunt Linda picked me up in a 350z blue one she had for a couple years.. we ended up spinning out on the freeway.. she handled it pretty smooth.. she act like nothing happen 🤣🥃 I was just a kid in the 90s
Dope car. Only problem is, the population keeps  growing, the streets are getting smaller, and the speed limits keep dropping in areas. The cars keep getting faster🤔
Looks terrible
57k. Hard pass
Wow. The puppets just swallowing the dougs kids. Have ur own opinions lemmings
That interior looks horrible and choppy. Awful. Big goofy black hatchback glass looks cheez. So boring looking. At least the 300z looked different. This looks like a real rush job on design and slow.
It's just unbelievable that I paid 40,000€ for my Golf 8 and for the same money there is just this beautiful car. But no, not for me, not in Europe. I want to cry!
dat Z became a bit awkward :D
This is a great car.
370Z looks a hell of a lot better.
looks like a modified 370z.  Nissan is still missing it.  Ugly car compared to the 240z or Z32.
Make it awd and fix the front end and perfect.
The z is just a car for the minimum wage workers with no responsibilities. That’s what a Z represents.
Back end looks like crap
wait.  how is this car so close in price with the Golf R in Canada?  or am i wrong?
Nice. A 6 speed manual transmission makes it worth it. All these poser automatic noobie cars suck.
Make it a convertible mx5 needs a competitor
I like how less bubbly it is.
Ugly
Ok...the car is nice but what's going to happen when the gas prices are 6  and  7  dallors per gallon?
No fake vents or dumb angles, looks great.
And with THREE radiator caps it must be good!
Ugly. Boring. Raised like a cross-over. What is up with the oversized fuel tank lid?  Nothing sporty about this Z. Nothing. I understand many of the features were taken from previous Zs but just no. NO NO NO. Should be called the Franken Z.
nissan is like going out of business, all their model look oudated, even the infiniti line........
Its. so. ugly......
IDK how, but this car already feels outdated for me, its like already feel the desing being old, meanwhile the GR86 feels still fresh for some reason
I don't know people thinks this car looks good, its ugly 😔
That clutch may have a dampener on it.  They can and should be bypassed 👍
No electric parking brake 👍 daddy needs his slide stick 🤘
doug sounding like a final boss that would have a orchestral music playing in the background in the cars and bids ad
Fantastic car as always from Nissan but unfortunately Nissan has fallen into the greedy world that is our life and made the price an absolute joke thank you for nothing Nissan and participating dealerships!!! Maybe one day you and everybody else will make something wicked and AFORDABLE!!!
After the dealers have connived to bump up the price it looks poor value against a Camaro.
I’m trying to go around and give other car brands the benefit of the doubt by seeing how they stack up against a base model 2024 Mustang GT at 40,000 that’s has almost 500hp and it’s just disappointing that new cars like this Z that are the SAME price but fall so short of performance, same can be said about the Honda type R and Toyota Corolla GR! I mean god damn bro your cars around worth that much compared to how much value you get from a new Mustang Ecoboost and GT
Zupra claims 384hp but they're a bunch of sandbaggers.  my guess is it's pushing out more
As good this car is and oriented for budget conscious sports buyer. There is a huge problem it's very expensive dealers on top of that are charging 50 percent over MSRP. For that interior is extremely cheap and really lacking tech that's the only problem
nissan knows us so well it made something to go with the radar detector
nissan one of lilte car maker carying it's legendary jdm feeling
The 2023 Nissan Z is a much better looking car compared to the Toyota Supra, which is simply hideous! Well done Nissan!
Rubbish
one of the best looking cars and a geniusly rather revolutionary mix of retro and modern this is maybe a beginning of a new car design language pretty like this to hommage the cars. japan is really givin car enthusiats in the nearly end of combustion engine some potentially iconic cars nice 🤝🤝🤝
This look better Cobra.
The Nissan Z that came before this were also amazing
Is Doug on meth?
Really surprised you haven't done a 300zx yet
1969
https://youtu.be/mx-SYpRn-Rw
Do you really think an aftermarket exhaust is good? You live in the worst state for noise ordinance fines. That is why the Z is so quiet, conforming to your lunatic state.  Ca. is the worst place to own a car or house. The manufacturer has to bend to the laws of the lame state. Your lame state laws!  I live in Fl. We can indeed have a real car here. Bikes without cats, etc. I like what you do Doug, but sometimes you Cali car reviewers blame the car builder for your governor's corrupt BS.
"Oh they don't like your grill? Hold my doberman..." - New BMW series
That two tone roof and chrome trim is hideous. I’m a HUGE Z fan, having owned, built and raced many 350z and I personally think this square boxy retro look is uglier than the 350’s bulging curves.
its a boat im so sad
My first thought was it looks very 80s, 90s from the back but i guess that was intentional. Definitely interesting looking
too bad dealerships will destroy the hard work from Nissan.  Look up pricing for this car as it will marked up by dealerships all over the place.  Once dealerships are controlled, like how FORD is doing with EV's, any car company will stay afloat.  too many greedy folks along the pipeline.
Could care less about the infotainment nonsense. What makes this car awesome is the six speed manual! Screw all the other stuff! Did I mention the six speed manual? As long as you have air conditioning, a radio, and a heater, who cares about everything else? Why would anyone one but wimp ass gen x' ers with low testosterone want the bloody automatic Trans? Did u mention it has a six speed manual?
Interesting how they've kept the rev matching S-Mode from the Nismo 370Z for the base model, but I think that's what makes the Z what it's known for: no messing around, three pedals, and a manual gearbox. Also interesting how the camera quality in the reverse camera in this video looks blurry/poor quality. The only downside to the whole car really is the interior. I feel Nissan wanted to keep the price competitive and keep it more "classic", but the Nismo variant 370Z interior is almost like for like, from the door panels to the center panels/handbrake. Maybe if they release a Nismo variant these small details will be upgraded, but for a modern car, I feel its dated slightly given the Nismo 370Z (MK2 specifically) has virtually the same features except the twin turbo V6. I guess this is the kind of feel Z owners want, though. No nonsense controls & fancy interiors, and so forth. Myself being a NISMO Z owner, I much prefer that raw experience and feel inside.    Think I'll stick with my Z for now, but Nissan have done the heritage proud for keeping the Z family running, and it's still a beautiful car nonetheless.
Dude, I am only worried about handling and performance! Is it fast and does it corner well! I am not worried if this car can tell me if my right rear tire is .19 percent under inflated! You sound so dumb and ignorant about sports cars or any other cars like Alfa Romeo, Renault, Nissan Skylines, or any other cars that are built to just perform with out the video game settings! This Z is just what it should be and what it was to us older folks who drove in one when new and those who purchased as used cars 1o years later! By the way my G35 Coupe has technology like Apollo 13 but ist a damm fun car to drive!
I'm sick of giving reviewers my views only to have them not call out the manufacturers and predatory dealerships for marking them up beyond reasonable prices!
1:36 - um, 370Z didn't go out of production "a few years ago". I believe it was discontinued last year (2021). Also it's pronounced "ZED" not "ZEE".
The 240z and 260z (probably the other Z as well) have three dials on the dash and one of the dials is the battery voltage meter, it's a nice call back to the older Z
Wow! They made it back,the front,the top,the sides,👍that is a Z
Gr86 over this ;)
Looks nice but that engine is boring and it's the classic Nissan build quality, average at best.
早く今の所のnissan fairlady zにnismoを設定しちゃって欲しいです。ブレーキディスクは出来ればnissan gt-r nismoと同じ仕様で、VR30DETTのパワーは405psはオーバーして、サスペンションも専用セッティングにして欲しいです。nissan zの車体の軽量化もして頂ければ尚嬉しいです。nissan z nismoのオーディオにはサーキット走行向けのnissan connectもあれば素敵です。リヤウイングもGTウイング風にして頂きたいです。加速も最高速もいつものnissan zよりも改善しちゃって頂きたいです。今の所のdevil zも湾岸ミッドナイトで報告して頂きたいです。俺達は湾岸ミッドナイトマキシマムチューン7で今の日産フェアレディzに乗車したいです。ワイルドスピードの方にもこのnissan zが激走出来る様にして欲しいです。nissan zであれば多分出来るはずです。ぶっちぎれ!技術の日産!!木村拓哉君も見てるはずです。
The interior and multimedia tech is disappointing.
many moons ago I had a 74 Datsun 260Z metallic green- super fast- man does this video bring back the memories! thanks Doug!
absolutely love this car
One of the cons of the Z is the sound, that is a pretty weak complaint especially considering the cost, most of the things you don't like about the Z is what makes it an affordable sports car and is also what allowed Nissan to develop it in the first place, considering the level of performance and looks of this latest model I would have to say Nissan did a great job on this one.
I'll rather drive a Nissan z that is a real come back from there original Nissan z 2 + 2.. Instead of a wanna be toyota trying to be a BMW smh that car was the biggest set back in there whole in tire career I mean just listen to the facts a Nissan z has more horsepower and is faster than a Toyota Supra ..let that sink in for bit ....
The vw beetle did backup cam and trunk popper in the back logo
I kind of like the design of those sport wheels more than the performance.
Nissan says 'Give 21st century a feel of the 20th century too'. This Z will be my fav in many yrs to come. Simplicity at it best. This is how the auto industry should look at large, unlike those unwanted boxes on our roads today. SMH KESA GODISKIND
https://youtu.be/mx-SYpRn-Rw
This car in silver looks great - though it would be more impressive with silver over black or whatever those paint savants use to make a deep and dark silver.
Sad thing is the dealers are gouging the msrp to try and capitalize on the hype.  Pretty much killing the interest when its needed most for this company.
Everything is great except the front lights. They screwed that up. They look cartoonish/childish. Not serious/masculine looking enough. How bout that rediculous gas door. What fool thought that would look good being that big????? Why would they change that characteristic exhaust note or at least made it even better. Doug is right it doesn't sound special at all.  Nissan you always find ways to ruin a good design. Same with Infiniti. The q60 concept was stunning and then they ruined the production model. Stupid
All we need now is 1 more litre of displacement
I'm actually disappointed with new Z.  I find the look, at least from the side, to be kind of uninspiring - it's like you look at it for a minute and think, "it's OK, but it's not what I was hoping for".  It's no Boxster, that's for sure.  And there's the interior.  I like the 370 gauges better than that new video screen.  Finally, though it might be faster, apparently they've sucked the soul out of the engine with turbos choking the great sound of the Nissan V6.    So much like the 981 Boxster is more desirable than the 718, I think the 370 is a cooler car than this one.
This guy reminds me of quentin tarantino
I had the 2006 350z for 6 years. The heavy clutch gave me a Morton’s Neuroma in my left foot. I still miss the car but not that bloody clutch. Sadly the new Z isn’t coming to the UK. Thanks for another fancy review Doug. The Tarantino of the car industry!
I dreamed of a day when cars would reach the potential but now that  they are here it's a little disappointing. Part of the fun was finding the potential in unassuming cars. At one time Nobody thought a supra would hold 900 hp on a stock block and become one of the most iconic cars. Now everything is quick and has a turbo. Creativity has left the building.
That grill would be the first to go in a box. 😆
It's nice but not $50,000.00 nice. Seems like thay cheaped out on a few things. But even if they fixed those things , it still isn't a $50,000.00 car. There's a lot of other nice looking sport cars with nicer things that are even cheaper in price.
I choose the Z. Even tho the Supra is a bit  faster, the Z is still hella fast. I won’t be driving the car at a race track, so I don’t care about track performance, it looks better in my opinion, the ride seems to be more comfortable than Supra, I like the Z’s interior better than  the Supra’s (although the Supra’s interior materials are more refined -BMW after all-). It’s reliable as well. And it’s a bit cheaper. If I want a fast car with a lot of tuning potential, I’d just buy an used GTR, and would make a monster out of it.
Except fairlady uses an inline engine.
Great review as always but must ad that Nissan dealers have a Nizzmo exhaust package specific for this car that sounds beautiful.
Getting a full on street car vibes from this and I love it more than the new supra tbh since it has bmw stuff in it and no 2j :( biggest thing for me when it comes to new supra
*horizontal*
Doug sounds like that Blippy character my niece always watches 🤣
2022 akuma no zetto
400 HP in 2023..... should have had this in 2000.
"This!" i've been watching for a long time, this single word is such a classic. Keep it up man.. :')
vertical...horozontal...220...221....whatever it takes....
Bro really just said the vq sounds better than the vr 😂
Saw this at the LA Auto Show last year and can’t wait to get! It would look amazing with back window Louvers (grill)
Awesome that it doesn't have fake non functional vents, that trend is so dumb.  I love this car!!
Did you say Toyota instead of Nissan?
The interior looks like a cheap sentra 🤣
good car
Damn that thing is fucking ugly.
I really like the exterior design. To bad the Interior looks so dated.
Great video
Hey Doug I love your videos but I would really appreciate it if you would get a better camera
YouTube Algorithm: "BC kids are fkng stupid, some random dude who likes cars becomes THE place for learning about cars..."  -- But who tf was this guy before YT and what ever gave you dummies any reason to listen to him, besides just that he "likes cars and got some nice ones" ?? -- I'm sure by now with years of having this channel he knows what he's talking about, but until that?? Why weren't you guys watching the pros instead?? smh... 🤦‍♀
Doug nailed it.  The Z feels incomplete.
It's "impointant to point out" what happens at 21:45
I don't care about how much nicer the Supra interior is! I'm buying retro looks and performance! Most people don't belong to ⛳ golf clubs and aren't trying to impress the members!
I wish this and the supra still offered 2+2 options
21:45 its impointant
This is a real car. No fancy unnecessary stuff just a pure raw car
Hah!! Ultra man front lights 🤦‍♂️ no
sucks its not here in europe
Nissan makes it financially feasible but their dealers will skyrocket the price
i wonder how the seats would ride/feel on a 500 mile trip ?
Dear @nissan this car sounds like shit!
meh its okay, but I prefer my z31 more.
They did performance test and definitely slower than the supra or the m240i
I kinda wanna chant this Nissan's name
I really love how Nissan knows its customers looool
Looks horrible
I like how Nissan go hard when they come out with a new model
they cut like 10£k in costs lol
The Z gets lapped by the supra not even close, in fact it gets lapped by all its rivals. Doug knows as well all V6 Supras unmodified are well over 400 HP (430ish), and the Z dino is less at the wheels then 400. With that being said i prefer the looks of the Z and I would choose the Z based on styling.
Ready to drift.
Douglas.....its horizontal....great review!
They forgot to put the metal shade grill in the back window
Can't wait to see these driving around
I love how Nissan made this for real men - no driving mode nonsense. Back to basics, and get on with driving. No one really cares about lame driver aids.  Proper man’s car.
all you need in a car. Cars have got stupid the last 10 years with performance you will never use. I just want a car like this - fast enough, simple enough and great looking.  Most junk is over engineered for the nurberg ring now.
27:59 🤨🤨🤨
Yawn.
They pooled together some of the best features of past nissans to put this masterpiece together. Shame toyota didnt do the same
I think the car is brilliant.  It's a love letter to drivers cars of the past.  No overly complicated electronics, manual parking brake, just a car that does what it needs to, and will likely be the darling of every tuning event of the next couple of years.  It is a classic sports car, that doesn't try to straddle the sports and luxury realms at the same time, which is smart, since Infiniti has the luxury bit covered.  Sure, there are recycled parts from older Nissan and Infiniti vehicles in this thing, but...they built the whole car themselves.  I think besides the automatic, the biggest turn-off for the Supra is that it's a BMW with Toyota badging (yes, I know there's more to them than that), and that will work in the Zed's favor. It will also have all of the aftermarket support from tuning and performance parts vendors that modded the 350 and 370 Zed, and those things will likely be a lot more affordable than the parts for the Supra, especially as it gets older.  Well done Nissan, now go and build an S-ER Spec V Sentra with a LSD and over 250hp, and you'll start drawing in the sport compact crowd again like you once did...
Pretty sure Supra is faster.
This is basically their goodbye to the Gas Engines
Most likely nobody under 30 yoa will buy it unless it is a lot cheaper than Model 3!
When he talks ab the tail lights….. it’s horizontal my guy, not vertical as you say 5 times
All I can think about when listening to Doug is how a doppelgänger to Quentin Tarantino he is
I didn't think I'd fall in love with a brand new middle class sports car until now
Hold up they r wanting bmw prices for Nissan quality that sounds about like being charged to see dolphins when instead u see a grandma who fell off the tour boat not very good value for money
That silver piece of trim above each door was intended to imitate a katana
I would’ve liked to see more analog gauges
Very disappointing
Translation?   This is A DRIVER'S CAR to be enjoyed by DRIVERS.
Costumer: this car is too old for 2023: Nissan: thats what our costumers want Costumer: even old part are here.. Nissan: thats what our costumers want Costumer: even the door isn’t changed Nissan: thats what our costumers want  Costumers: its too much for the price, you just brought parts from the old Z cause they were left unsold. Nissan: thats what our old costumers want Costumer: i’m costumer and i didn’t ask for  this shit. Nissan: are you buying?  Costumer:… no the car is too old Nissan: then your not our costumer.
Nissan: we have to do something about the z series they are not selling well. Manager: lets copy our ancestors, they know better.
Supra or this?
First time viewer here - Love the content and man you are the Quentin Tarrantino of cars - It's fantastic
Love it.
Would  it be worth buying
Doug wtf?  you're still improving after hundreds of videos???    the quality of recent reviews are getting better.    Great great work!
wow nice !  I can't wait 9 years and buy it very cheap second handed :D
Waiting for the new G.
Wangan midnight coming to life!
local dealership said they want 20k over sticker when they get them in and they wouldnt even tell me what msrp was...  Nissan needs to know about these price gouging dealers
Finally Nissan comes to their senses. This is what the 240Z should have evolved into back in the mid-70s instead of those horrid iterations that eventually landed the Z-car in the trash. They were kind of like Cadillacs. They looked okay in the showroom but drive them for a few months and they look like an old, beat up car.
13:45  WHATS WITH THE STICHING THERE ?
Getting a manual performance trim in blue or white with blue interior.
Dude, you gave me anxiety… you move too much!
I love the car. Why you talk so weird? What happened to your finger? It’s messed up!
The way you throw your arms around looks like you’ve been plugged into the electric mains 🤣
storage behind the seats are for nitro
Maybe a dummy question, but what counts as a "platform?" What components are included in that definition?
According to my *BUTT DYNO*
Imho the 90s 300 Z is much more well designed
Doug is getting way to out of touch with regular people, when he thinks 50,000$ is affordable
Supra costs more cause of that BMW tax 😉
Doug, if there's any way you could help me get in touch with Nissan corporate corporate I really would appreciate it. I track down 2 proto edition G cards that were supposedly available for sale in both cases ownership or sales management at these cars before the public had any shot.. I'm not sure if Nissan allows us in their dealership agreements but it certainly goes against the spirit of a publicly traded company with not the best track record recently allowing Insider purchasing. The the 240 protein addition cars were meant for the public not for owners to take to Mecum and flip. I made fair offers above MSRP and the dealers happily admitted to snatching g these cars up. Would Ferrari allow this with LaFerrari tier car or would itngobthri it's loyal customer list Ling before a dealership owner coukd purchase one for personal use ket aline to flip.all help us appreciated as it us still listed in stock and available and possibly cam be shamed into the public let alone a mere mortal own and cherish this car. The more the public knows the more this cam be exposed
Don’t worry about that exhaust sound we’ll be straight piping it! 😉
14:29 This is why ill always prefer '90s era car design more than the modern. Look how much more purposeful and clean the design of a steering wheel looks when it functions only to steer the car.
Definitely looks like the old 240-280z's,the Nismo version REALLY steps it up.Still nothing close to the early 90's wedge shaped 300zx twin turbo.Same with Toyota and the Supra.I would paint the grill back black.
The silver piece of trim is supposed to be a katana Doug.
the front looks like shit side view is good
Switch to decaf dude. I couldn't finish the video, sorry.
I have a 370z 2015, love it, except for the navigation system. It’s the top of the line one but it sucks! Apple care play is a must.   This model seems like a downgrade. The screen is poor, the steering looks eww with the piano black buttons, the power for a turbo is poor  I think my Z ended with the 370z
Everything is perfect except the ugly front grille
subscribed and liked. im super happy as i really love the new Z and wasent sure this time last year. you have extream echo in vid
For the record this electric beast is as fast as your Z in 0 to 60. https://youtu.be/jOu146EoX-M
Purely from looking at it online, I like the 350/370z looks way more, but maybe that will change when I see one in person
No way this looks better than the Supra
For a tuner all of you negative points dont matter. What matters is rear wheel drive twin turbo 6 speed  everything else can be tuned to what the driver wants
Not neeeesannnn, nissssannn
Hey Doug, hope you could make a video of the fairlady Z... I dont know if it is that special but I think it did have an impact... blessings D!
Cool car, atrocious styling
As a Nissan fan... I can see lines I like and lines I Don't. Haven't seen one in person yet though so I am reserving judgement but one thing is for sure... The gas lid is just goofy. Why not just use a nice aluminum cap with a "z" or a Nissan logo? Also at least Nissan kept their sports car in house and kept some heritage.
I wonder if Nissan joins world hysteria and change the name for this car lmao
17:07 ayo?
aaaaaaaaactuallly the car is called the Fairlady Z in Japan... geez Doug! :-P
If this had an automatic spoiler option 😮‍💨
The 370 Nismo is the one to get.
Twin Turbo, just like the 300ZX.
It's nice to see a proper drop-back, manual, RWD, twin turbo sports car with a manual handbrake and no out of place frills.
Worth noting that the supras 380hp is extremely under rated
best looking car ever
$40k for this ?  .....please
The Nissan 400z  interior looks cheap. I wish Nissan and other automakers would discontinue the usage of piano black gloss interior trimpieces.
i think z has nicer int
Why wouldnt the third gauge be an AFR gauge?
2:24 was literally like a jump scare out of a horror movie
I’m so gutted they aren’t selling it in Europe
4:29 he talking about the new supra xd
A real E Brake gets props from me that's shows a real driver was involved.
Front end is hideous
Oh no doug!!!! You cant use navigation unless your using navigation…. 😵‍💫
Yeah… I Just dont like it 🤦🏻‍♂️
Why is it so echoey during ur info mercial
Lowkey wish he pointed out how the rear trunk space looked like the 350z and that the wheels are made by RAYS eng. just little things that make the car a Z :)
This is what a Z is supposed to be. An affordable high performance sports car.
The fuel door should be in some way like the newer Audi TT's or Audi R8's. That would look so much better!
I think if showed 200 in the cluster like the 270 did
It's a 400hp 3.0L Twin Turbo. Just get a Infinity Q50S Red Sport, similar engine and spec.
It looks too chip, I am totally disappointed!
The moment I saw ‘TikTok Radio’ my soul left my body for how idiotic that was.
The moment this came out with a manual Toyota suddenly was like “Ok we’ll release the ShitBruh in a manual now”   Too late, and too German.
the side view of the thing is UGLY. Same ugly fat shoe shape of the 350Z ...bring back the 300ZX!!!!!!!
Its a very beautifull
I’m a girl, okay, an older woman now and haven’t had a car for 25 years. I haven’t really needed one, living in a city with great public transpo, and I couldn’t afford anything about having one anyway. I used to live in California in the way back when and my ex-husband loved pointing out all of the beautiful cars from previous decades that were always on the roads there. I’ve been in Oregon for 30! years now and I haven’t seen a beautiful car in all that time, have totally lost interest. Until today. I saw a car that caught my eye so strongly I had to turn and walk  back to see what it was. It was a new Z. I drive me ex’s Datsun 280 Z for 4 years while we were married and he gave it to me after we split up. Drove it for 3 more after that. I LOVED that car.   Daydreaming now.
small, tight, and tossable. just how i like my cars
This new Z looks absolutely lovely. Lots of power, 3 pedals and minimal gimmicks. I love how Nissan didn't add drive modes in the manual version It makes perfect sense. It's a sports car, so they left it at that. Doug's minute gripes are more nitpicking than criticism. The new Z is a future classic,  especially with 3 pedals. I want one.
Didn't Johnny Cash write a song about building this car by sneaking parts out of the factory?
They fucked this up, just like they fucked up the Pathfinder (I’m a former 370z owner and current Xterra owner)
This looks like my country Proton. Astonishing!
Really stinks how expensive cars are now a days. I would love one of these.
50k Lmfao not with dealer markups
Talking nice to talk smack in 2 years, you did this with the 370z! We know this Doug 🙄
I have seen it on the road and looks ugly and cheap, should be a Mitsubishi not a Nissan, but that’s just my opinion
I realllllyyyyy want one
you don't need a 4k camera to get a license plate when getting hit lol
The spectacular TT engine from my Q50 Redsport mated to a manual box? I'll take three, please.
Oh my gosh those rear lights! That's just pure 240SX! I love those!
Dude the steering wheel and dash and infotainment system looks all amazing together
Take the 18in wheel make it 19in and put it in the performance edition what a beautiful set of wheels. the performance edition wheels looks very cheap.
I like to know battery voltage. I know if something is wrong with the alternator or battery before taking it out to the cottage.
Finally a modern sporty car that isn't trying to look like a Bionicle
Same ugly z370 and a hideous grille.
This thing is sad  From the grill that makes the car look like it's got teenage braces .....to the ford focus head lights  .....to the interior  and..... Doug,...like most can be paid off to say anything.  I think the z's last days are here.
I'd still prefer the 240.
Looks pretty nice, but the Z32 is still the best
How is the air conditioning? Priority in AZ
Whoever engineered this car is a genius
It’s ugly older models shiiiit on this new body style
So all I need to do is throw in short throw shifter, and heavier clutch which all clutches eventually get changed at some point in a manual.
if you want a nice interior get  a Cadillac sport cars it's all about performance.
The Supra aka BMW is  far superior on performance and interior , the z could be even cheaper
I am not at all happy with modern cars Doug, they’re way to exaggerated. They don’t look good, too much bulk
Classic 240Z looks like a cruise missile   The new Z looks like an inflated chew toy, fat bulky trash. This is why Classic turn heads and modern cars turn donkey turd 💩
God this that thing is hideous, fat bulky donut. Want to build a beautiful car? Get rid of the safety standards! The government doesn’t want us to have beautiful cars, which is why they force the stupid regulations. I’m not going to spend money on a car that looks like an inflated balloon 🎈
Looks great, gives me 240 vibes.
Fantastic review Dougster . . .
Has to flail arms and act loud like an actor because no it isnt, this is a legend done wrong. Not revived. Killed. Done. Mostly in how it perform mechanically, bad
Are you ok?
You don't know shapes?? Vertical ovals??.
Cross bar in back is empty. It does not connect the rear shock mounts.
This is what cars should be.
the head lights are killing me
🗑
That thing looks lame as hell.
I'm sure I'm not the only person saying this, but this is a jag f type with different back lights.... beaut it still is. 😍
Fact: Nissan company has different quality built  from super to sport reliable cars and other reliable cars and family cars+ infinity.  I don’t know any automobile companies have all deferent kind of options like Nissan.
this car very disappointing from the inside
Should have called it the 400zx.
All we need is a new s2000
50K? Hell nah
I, had a 83' 280zx turbo with t-tops and this car reminds me of it the pro's of this car insurance, maintenance, affordable, storage space, loads more. Con, I don't have one.
>new
Z series has ALWAYS been pretty shit. That's why there are tons of them used on the road
Just beautiful
barrowing so much for the older cars might as well get an old Z. $50k No thanks
Gorgeous in silver.
Anyone get the feeling that Doug picked matchbox cars over pussy at the age of 17??
I owned a 370z that got totalled, looks like its time to start saving.
That front black grill is cool idk how people didn’t like it back then
I love this car so much, but alas will remain a dream as its 80k in Australia rip.
one of the worst exterior designs I've seen in awhile
My Nissan Rogue has more options than this thing Not quite as fast though
Looks rough lol 😂
The brake lights 🥰
They did a good job I would buy it if I had the money
The Fairlady is back
Did he say “Vertical Ovals” three times instead is horizontal just to agitate us?
Does it have any fog lights?
I just can not decide between manual & auto
Go Supra!!!
Nissan is a master of making the ugliest exterior and interior in the world. Lexus is not even close.
Man really said vertical tail lights.😫
Horrible outdated rear
Just buy a CORVETTE  😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣
I look forward to seeing how enthusiasts 'tweak' this one... bigger turbos? And the wide body kits will be sweet...
BMW Z4  remake
I've never owned a Z nor have I particularly liked them.... But this, I like. I might buy one
Lol you don't need a drive mode with a manual because YOU are the drive mode. Want eco mode? Less gas and shift at 2k. Want sport mode? Put your foot down and take it to redline. No need for a drive mode to tell the transmission when to shift when it's shifted by the user 😂
Devil z
Plastics quality....yep, off the old Z!
10min and already 6 adds ! More money more ! Fu k this , im not watching.
Live simply black 90s interior. Ive been in Mercedes and bmws that have falling apart mateial and too many button that could have been placed better. I miss driving a manual transmission. I still put forget to my Honda in park. lol This car is what I alsways wanted when it comes to a Japanese sports car since I couldn't afford any 90s skyline at any time. lol I usually wait a year or two tho.
Easily one of the prettiest cars ever made. Anyone from any generation would assume that thing is fun to drive. That rear-end especially is so timeless.
I didn't know vertical is horizontal
Guy talks like almost having an epileptic seizure…
carrying over already-carried-over interior parts and buttons? disgusting. Interior is total fail...Nissan is having trouble with their subsidies and material supply, and projected to bankrupt recording to news. already hit - profit. In Japan Nissan is alread started to fail....people are turning away from the nissan.
This looks terrible. Inside and out it looks like what was thought to be futuristic in the 80s. Everything about it looks worse than any previous z but then again they were all beautiful cars. Look at this and then look at a 370, or even a 350. It looks like a messed up Miata up front with a 300 rear slapped on. It's nothing but 'quirky'.
It’s SCREAMING for a wide body and an exhaust. God I can’t wait to start seeing builds on this
Im usually a white black or silver kind of guy.  But lawd, I'm feeling that yellow!
The 370 Z still looks more aggressive in my opinion but the interior of the new Z is amazing
Why does everyone who drives a base model Altima think it’s fast. They drive em like they stole em and it’s a turd…
Still not as many hp as my 2012 genesis (429), but cool, and I realize my car weighs 3 times what this one does, but a Korean made 429 hp v8 still feels great on an on ramp.
I thought doug would talk about the chrome bar more. He didn’t mention the fact that its called the “Katana line” and how the designer intended it to looks like a sword
I hope I can own this one day😧🥹.
I cannot unsee the massive gas fill up cover hahahaha
I have a altima coupe with the 3.5 litre. I can't imagine how fun a extra 100+ horsepower would be in this car.  One thing I have never understood is the heated seats in all these sport coups. Do people drive these in the winter. I think cooled seats would be a much better fit being most people drive them in summer.
The New Z has a better interior than the Supra all day. You gotta be kidding me. Lol.
I like it.... Until you get to the front fender, wheel well,.... Its too thick and lots of room between wheels and well. Rear of car looks rad.  Interior is killer. I.d buy one. Once car prices return to normal... Which will be ohhhh....NEVER!...
Mann I gotta get one....BLK on BLK
Doug, when you're talking about the rear end  you start out  getting it right, you describe the lines as being horizontal. But then you talk about the tail lights you keep saying they're vertical ovals! No, sorry, they are as horizontal as those lines. Roll the car onto its side and then they'd be vertical,
Will still be a car that’s perceived as a car bought by people that couldn’t afford something better.
If the 240sx was re made, I imagine the back looking like this car
I think Doug has his vertical & horizontal mixed up
Doug got me wondering if I’ve been wrong about what vertical means…
the back is gat-dang beautiful....the front not so much.  I see what they were trying to go for but they just missed it..they made it look too bland..and almost featureless in the front.  If they wanted to imitate the oldskool Z look with the headlights, they should have just went whole hog with it instead of this "essence of the past"
Oooo very cool
I'm often critical of these reviews, but I have nothing negative to say here. Nissan didn't have someone else build their car, they kept it all Nissan and did it in-house. And so I say bravo to Nissan...and bring on the Fairlady Z.
This is my favorite sportscar from Nissan.  Incredible review and walkthrough Doug.
Tomei will solve that exhaust problem no worries
I love driving this car and can't wait to own one!
It is ugly
Oh how much heritage from Nissan. I would give ANYTHING for this beautiful baby. love the heritage
never thought id say I LIKE A NISSAN that >>>>>>>>>>>> Supra all around , Style  price Performance and IDENTITY! ps* always lol'd at 4cyl Supra offered .. like WTF?
Love it, the 370 looked like it was designed in three separate rooms.
Why was he touching the shifter like that 😂
Doug, stop complaining about the stick before they take it away from us.
I kind like how Nissan kept it a driver’s car. Way to go Nissan.
The dealer markup will cancel any advantages the Z has over the Supra.
I like how the styling looks like it's based on the 200Z series platform than the 300Z series.
https://youtu.be/J5M2cDnOFFc    THIS IS REAL NISSAN 400Z
More like the best complainer instead of car reviewer
what a joke....nissan is going down...
this will be a huge game changer if the nismo will be AWD
It's nice
Home Screen is the 🏡 tab @17:56
I want one so bad
How come the Golf R had a Doug score of 63 when you reviewed the car but in this chart it has a 61?  Do the scores change over time depending how you want the cars to rank?  Now I remember why I quit watching your channel.
52k for Walmart brand infotainment and 90s Sentra hood lift support?
2023 and still under 500 hp. I do miss my 92 z32 coupe though.
3 years.. I'll get this in 3 years
I think Nissan did a great job with this Z. So happy they kept the manual.
IT'S THE RESURRECTION OF THE...  😈😈😈 DEVIL Z 😈😈😈
car looks like an electric car. so....not good looking
Not a hate comment but it's funny that in real life, we all want RWD sports cars. But in videogames like Forza, everyone swaps the drivetrain to AWD to every car possible just to win. So why do we want RWD in real life if it's inferior
ZED
I would just set it to sport all times xD and also who even cares if there are stuff carried over. Raw material to make cars has been carried over since forever
Not making drive modes for a standard transmission makes sense.... Sport is low gear. Eco is high gear.
now just hoping it will come in europe
most informative video I’ve watched, I can’t wait to get a Z so all I do is being here on yt day dreaming about this beauty <3
I was introduced to this car in Rocket League about a month ago. Absolutely love the design! And a manual transmission! Hell Yeah! Nissan has lost my attention for about the last decade but they have it back with this one!
Very Porsche-like! I dig the retro theme!
Germans: Over promise, always under deliver and terrible quality (F-) Japanese: Under promise, over deliver (reliability a++) Americans: Promise exactly what you are going to deliver (reliability B+, due to cheap parts, and quality build standards  China: Have no dignity and copy and paste german cars, but with terrible quality, awful design, and god awful reliability (yes volvo is now included since its a vessel of the Chinese genocidal state)  Italy: Vroom
The new Z should have been electric. Put a 400hp motor in the back with about 500lbft of torque. That would have been new and exciting and the direction the automotive world is going. This is just another front engine ICE car like the previous 50 years. BTW I was an owner of a 1972 240Z and loved it but that time has passed.
The grill is ugly
It looks like you went up and down Vista Sorrento in Sorrento Valley, San Diego.  Kind of trippy to suddenly recognize the scenery through your rear window when you're not expecting it.  Nice review video, BTW.
Cool Car, but it sucks, that i cant drive it here in Germany
Dugs voice is getting more and more extra over the years
Those back lights are weird
I’d have to test drive one myself, and that goes for every car. Only then you would know how much you like it or don’t like it, as other drivers opinions don’t matter much to me bcz all drivers have different expectations when it comes to cars
I miss my little Z!
On this episode of car reviews with doug: he doesn't know what 'vertical' or 'horizontal' means  no hate, just mildly peeved
The things he doesn’t like I like
Damn my forte gt sounds way better than that for half the price.
The Z is pathetic 💩 , not worthy to be a Z ……… nexttttt !!!!!!!
Basically you get 400hp with the base Z for 40k which is more power than the 6cyl Supra for 53k… And the Z is way more beautiful than a Supra… Though choice… not :)
So we need an exhaust, short shift kit with knob, not sure what we would do about the clutch feel.
The gages on the middle stack up top really screwed up the 3rd gage.  It should be oil pressure.
They can do better with the front headlights
When I first saw the new Z prototype, I thought it would be going to be an insane electric sports car.
Larger wheels/tyres or lower suspension.  Seems a bit "off" with the wheel well gap.
The STYLING may be back, but the spirit of the original is certainly not, an that's because of times changing an legislature.  We can NEVER have cars again like we had because of safety.
Just one thing. It does not look good.
According to Car and Driver’s tests, the 2021 Supra did 388 hp at wheels, and they said “Remove the driveline losses, and the engine appears to be capable of 400 horsepower at the crank”. So yeah… the Supra makes more power than advertised, and I think it makes more hp than the Z at the wheels.
The Z peaked in the 350. Like everything else, this one is higher quality and faster, but it's so ugly.
Love the nissan Z, sad that it's not coming to Europe :(
i like it but i don't love it, the back is like a 30 years old design...
I am sure these cars will make some people really happy. But for me, this car's exterior is simply hideous.
The sudden echo during the cars and bids segment was jarring 😅
I think Nissan did a great job paying homage to each generation while making a completely new model. I like this remake a lot.
Beautiful car, manual, and an actual handbrake instead of that electronic crap.... nice
I think it’s tacky. Nissan has much better ability to design something instead of building this comeback on a salvaged budget. When, when, when is the hideous fad of black wheels going to cease to exist? They ruin the car make it look cheap. And makes them look like 16”. Black wheels are tacky and need to stop. Unless it’s a missing hubcap they should be black still. Shame on you Nissan. A recycled 2008ish chassis. A smaller liter engine in lieu of adding turbos, tailights are ugly. Headlights look like a 2005 Corolla, no rigid defined body lines. And all around plain Jane, recycled, overly priced comeback with pep boys wheels. May I introduce you to your next flop. Congrats.
$50K and the interior look like cheap PLASTIC..  ehh.. no.
Does it BURN OIL like my Z did?
I really want thst
Solid review! I have attention to detail like Doug, and this helped me substantially on choosing vs. the Supra.
The car was erected in 69. I wonder who is the other car?
I want this car
Why is this not coming to the UK, So annoying 😞
This Z looks like the fairlady and I love It
U could get a base for 39k! That’s the same msrp as a freakin Honda Civic sport. Common u gotta give credit where credit is due Nissan did a fantastic job
ima be real with nissan here. the turbo rpm gauge and the volt gauge on the dash is a huge missed opportunity to put an analog clock and analog compass on this already spectacular car
240 Z's were game changers because they were so affordable; too bad they couldn't deliver this car for just a little less $.
Rather keep my 370z and buy a cayman electric porsche on 2025 than buy the z400 that steal outdated for 2023
ICE and manual ❤❤❤
Too poor design....not impressed
I'd rather have the M240i
I think you meant "horizontal" on those rear lights :P
And here I am shopping for a 350z 😅
Doug is the nardwuar of automotive industry, prove me wrong.
i absolutely love the taillights on the Z. almost looks a bit 80ish
Now this is what I talking about, a new sport car that look like a sport car and is also strong too unlike that stupid ugly piece of crap 2022 si, man honda got learn from Nissan or else they just going to lose all their sport car fan
Great job Doug! What a fun video!
Cant wait to see if i can pick one of these up in 10-15 years.
I had one of these new back in 91’ 300 zx turbo with 3.0 v6 twin turbo 300 hp 300 lb ft with 6 speed and bit lighter around 5 seconds flat to 60 and 6 speed t-top, fast and one of the best looking ( I’m biased) sports car on the road back then, not much has changed for the Z since then..good on ya Nissan, and one of the most notable vehicle Nissan make imo
Was considering this but I think I will keep my is350
Horizontal not vertical
The rear looks like a cross between a Ford Mustang and an Aston Martin DB7
My prediction is that this car won't sell well because it has carry over parts and is lacking many luxury features.  It's very likely that it's going to be a "didn't sell well and is rare and desirable now" situation
When will cars have octa turbos?
Dude how do you not start it up or rev it🤦🏾‍♂️
....... It sound like my Corolla
could you use a proper camera?  its like you are using a camera from 2012
Unless its based off of the classic Fairlady, and not the 350-370, Im not gunna give two shits. "Then scroll passed".... If its on my suggestive videos, Ill make a comment
Doug love the video but the use of the word “vertical” for the tail lights is killing me lol.
The interior looks straight out of 2005…yikes
That front end looks like trash. Everything else is cool
He was flapping his arms around so much I thought he was going to fly away.
Nissan did a good job in terms what it offers. It also looks alright for its looks. However, I choose the supra. Better everything despite the power.
The taillights are HORIZONTAL ovals I don't understand why cars need a 4k backup cam.
That lackluster gear change and clutch action, has pretty much killed it for me unfortunately. What’s the point of a manual gear change if it’s not any fun? 🤷‍♂️
What an ugly car.
"Sounds like a V6 Camry being floor by a guy who is mad in traffic."  Very descriptive and very disappointing.  But from what I've heard, Nissan made the calculated decision to put a mediocre system on this thing knowing that most new Z owners would upgrade their factory exhaust with something from the aftermarket immediately after purchase.    Intuitive?  Or just an engineering copout to avoid noise regs.
I had a 370z for about 4-5 years and it was one of the best cars I ever owned.  I'm exited about the look of the 400z, I think they nailed the styling of it
Too expensive and way too slow
Chill out a bit Bro! Are you stressed?
Solid car. Can’t see anyone getting a 9 speed auto on this tho.. 😵‍💫. Manual is worth learning just for the 6 speed-
Absolutely waste of money Nissan, your getting cheap. Did it with 2nd gen Titan .
Zed………obviously.
Thhiiis is !!
lol this is worse then apple keeping giving y’all the same phone over and over but saying it’s new , these cars barely sell as it is , then you not even gonna give us a good effort ?? 🤦🏽‍♂️ Nissan is trash now they use to be the Japanese car company you could depend on for a lil extra over Toyota and Hondas now roles have reversed, now Hondas and Toyotas are better in every way
The one without the spoiler shows more design language and makes it look more like it’s own thing. I like the grey one without the spoiler. I think the front is a miss on both though but the sides look great. Kind of a hodgepodge but I’d like to see one in person, I don’t mind the metal pieces on the side it’s different and I disagree that it looks unfinished, that looks by design to me and flows nicely, it’s not meant to wrap around the trunk that would be weird.
Getting a Z with automatic, is like listening porn on a radio
Nissan Car Salesman: "So what kinda car are you looking for???"  Car Buyer: "Something that looks new-ish but is REALLY OLD technology, and slow... and OH YEAH... expensive"  Nissan Car Salesman: "WELL... You've come to the right place"
this car is so sexy. and i love how it looks like the fairlady Z from the front. it looks like a small Aston martin.
New rx7 I'm waiting
standard transmission z is quiet because regulators made Nissan make it quiet to pass some noise requirement
I wish you could get your hands on a nice clean original 70s Z to review. AND I wish they took this car back to its roots and made a straight six.
Ngl the tail lights give a heavy jdm vibe, cant wait to see all the edits and bodykits for the car :)
Jesus Christ. How does anyone get through a Doug video. His voice and minutiae are one of the most annoying things on the planet.
looks like a buff Miata
We need someone like this in South Africa man like Doug good content ✌❤💙
"Turbo Boost Gauge" = Pleasure Measure
Cool,much better looking than the Supra.
Its hideous, they don't make good looking cars anymore
Hello! elephant in the room... The "all new" Nissan Z ...except it  basically looks like the same tired Nissan Z nobody has been interested in for quite a while....So I take it Nissan figures word will get out to enough of a market that actually is gonna research and understand WHY a car that basically still looks pretty much like the same lame outgoing generation but underneath the unchanged contours is the hidden suddenly wonderfully "all new" and very desirable sports car??   I don't see this ending well for Nissan unless they blow em out cheap.  (THAT always gets a lot of attention)... I might be interested myself if it was 600llbs lighter....to me it's just a Japanese Pony car...but mark it down to 30k and maybe I will develop some interest even though it is a porky pie
kneesarn 🤣
Zed
Looks great in my eyes. I consider it a tribute car to days of ole.
I own a 2020 Altima SVAWD  I think the car is great so far and this z really has my interest
horizontal
Love the new look
The number of times he says vertical instead of horizontal 😂
what a shame the rear camera sucks and there are no surround cameras. if only we as humans had a way to view our surroundings...
stock bumper looks f boring
anyone knows what happened to the new knobs that were on the original "almost" production Z?
that grey interior looks really cheap. it lets down how good the exterior looks.
You never gave us the gas mileage on this vehicle. That is one important feature for a V6 turbo these days. Again the floor base is deep on the 240 260 280 and 300. The new Z4 base is not deep at all for tall folks again.
The new z car it reminds me of a 240Z. Where's the leg room in this car for tall people? The 300 series was the last model with legroom for tall folks. Have all two Nissan z cars not impressed with the 2023 model.
not doug saying vertical when they are horizontal
The rear ended looks like a Nissan200.
Doug uses the term verticle instead of horizontal when talking about the tail lights so many times I cried
3:39 It’s a really creative idea to put a cup holder there.
I'll tell you right now. The supra has more hp than this z. It's greatly under rated like all bmw engines. And it definitely does not sound as good. If it's marked up much,  get the supra for sure
I almost wish it has LESS electronics
I understand they want to make it feel like all types of Zs in the interior but for it being over 50k I personally wouldn't want that.
Not a fan at all with the looks. I would take a z32 or a 350/70z over this. Hell a G35 coupe looks better than this thing
Vertical
i’m gonna get an auto one and sell my manual tbh
I like how they combined stylings of the past into one car
Can't wait to buy a clapped out one of these with 200k in 10 years for 50k 💯💯
I ADORE how this car looks. they fuckin nailed it.
engine😈 body design🤡
The Z emblem reminds me of Russian tanks. They should have put numbers behind...
Z win, bmw supra Lost!
You meant horizontal ➖
The chrome trim that runs along the roof line down the hatch looks weird.  Haha
I don’t even wanna know what the nismo is going to cost if it comes out
50k for the performance 😩  crazy talk!
Clasp your hands together, and Bob your head more, I say
Doug’s the type of guy who doesn’t know what vertical means. That’s a quirk
Y'all Z boys do in fact know that old Nissans was so great because it was cheap, fast, and barebones because you only need to have fun? yeah. y tf y'all complaining about the carryovers. As long as the car is good to drive, its good.
It’s so bad. Looks terrible. Interior is a lot worse then I expected. Glad I went with the Supra premium and didn’t have to wait for this thing.
This was built to go sideways
HOLLLLLYYYYY SHIIIIITTTT
Thats awesome
All the daddy's boys gonna get it istg
Us gonna ban it
400 FKN HORSEY'S OMG
Game theorist but in cars
keeps saying Z Z Z , its  Zx 300 renewed . i had one it was my first car right hand drive twin turbo. fast af . the body shape is a total rebuilt from the zx of the 90s, to the 2020s look
I like the old grill. The all black
Absolutely dislike digital screens. Don't understand the obsession about them, especially for sport cars.
the back look amazing but they made a big mistake doing the front
No Nissan is a legend. Lol  And I would take a Toyota over a Nissan.
PLEASE do a 1990-99 300zx na or turbo 🙏
THIS WAS SUPPOSED TO BE THE Ifiniti Black S performance car they canceled. Ifiniti  bring it out please. I need it now
The Z Sport is the one to have.
the second or third gauge could've been an oil temp or pressure guage 🤣
Flawless in my opinion. Not in Europe but I’m sure ill import one one day
Looks like a Supra fuked a BRZ
Hmmm ... after owning a 370Z which actually had 360 Hp and this "new Z" is only 400 HP from a twin turbo?? ... that's 40 HP increase and 145 lb weight increase.  I don't get this?  Normally Aspirated is MUCH more reliable, especially on hot days.
I like that Nissan is using its heritage to design this new Z, but for $50k, I would like some better interior parts, not the ones from the old Z.
And if your rear window breaks say goodbye to the since 1969 logo
Kinda looks like an angry fish
horizontal...
They did great, really listened to the audience.
It is absolutely gorgeous.  They have managed to take the 240 concept and make it modern-sexy.
Looks like $50k on the outside and $15k on the inside.
No they don’t know their costumes well because those gauges ands a/c knobs should’ve all been digital …and AWD should have been also offered….AND the Dealership Markups😒….For these reason I declined it.
Man, I like the blue interior of the Z. It's the most funky-looking interior I've ever seen.
The style is butt ugly lol
Guy forgot what vertical means
This guys head must be mounted on springs. It never stays fucking still
Z Kappa for ukraina war he-he
No AWD!?  Man the previous Z with its rear wheel drive you could easily loose control.
Cheesiest $50k sports car ever! Bulky looking ugly. The mix and match "throwback designs" are there because they ran out of ideas. Big on the outside and tiny on the inside! The infotainment center and gouges are awful. They ruined the Z!  Nissan sucks.
27 minutes into 33 before the driving starts… 😥
@dougdemuro if you already had a daily, would you buy the performance Z or the '22 BMW M240i xdrive?
I know you're American but surely even you can see how damn ugly the rear is along with the hideous rectangle grill. Absolutely horrific. Wow that steering wheel is horrendous! Totally unergonomic buttons and what's with the twin thin vertical metal struts? Must've been added after a design without them failed safety checks. You wouldn't deliberately design something that badly to start with.
Aka Datsun 400ZX
took nissan way too long.  the Z is irrelevant now
Z is like svastika now ....
I just don't like the back, it doesn't work for me. And that interior isn't that much better.
Why didn’t they offer a oil temp gauge at the center, blows my mind the had a temp gauge in the previous z.
Bright & Blue & Bright Blue
The only Nissan Z I ever liked, was the 1990 300ZX Twin Turbo (Z32).   It was a gorgeous machine.
[8:53] Whoa, that silver one somehow looks the best out of any I've seen so far. Ditching that black roof accent thing and using a brighter, more reflective color shows off the body lines and creases more. It looks great in silver!
Smart grille redesign, the chrome touches recall the original front bumper on the 240Z without an actual external bumper. Sharp looking car...
i really didn't like the exterior look
Nissan wins just because it’s actually 💯 percent Nissan.
Nissan is definitely my favorite automobile manufacturer overall… they have so much range and I think they’re very under appreciated
Doug is definitely the type of guy to use a crafting table to make planks in Minecraft
Looks like crap
I love that the instrument cluster's Sport mode makes the tachometer HUGE.   They should use that screen to show engine RPMs for adjacent gears.
i have this car in greenville lol
This car is Modern and Back to the future in one. LOVE it. Who wants driver assist, YOU NEED TO DRIVE THE CAR
Nice car but not worth the price.
The Z had no chance.  Toyota has $25k to $55k enthusiast car market with the gr86, gr Corolla, Supra manual.  The Z should have started $35k for the base sport.  I was disappointed when they announced it was starting at $40k for the same Z car with only a new engine.
why does doug keep fondling this car ... ?
the interior looks so dated already, and not in that throwback kind of way
This looks SO MUCH better than the Supra. Thank God Nissan didn't try to build a Reptilian spaceship from the Alpha Draconis star constellation, like the new Supra. Unfortunately after seeing the ugly grill, the horrendous fuel door, and the horrendous chrome trim piece on the room, I don't know if I can give this car a pass. How can these car companies miss the mark so badly when some guy in a garage in California could design a beautiful looking car within a few minutes? Who gives the ok on the final design? Who would approve that fuel door?
Great another rebodied bmw Z4.😦
I wish it had a targa top
Pricing on this car is disappointing.  $10k more just to get the LSD, plus other features (rev match) that were standard on the mid trim of the previous car.  Plus I had a 370Z and I’m seeing more carryover than I like given the price bump.  Glad this car exists, but the price negates the bargain aspect the car used to have.  Although the current market is insane so assuming you pay MSRP maybe it’s still a bargain.
The Supra looks so much better but the power in this one is amazing. I don’t know why or what Toyota supra was thinking
looks like dogshit, especially the back. just gonna be another overpriced af tiny car
That is so ugly compared to the 370Z!
Like its predecessor I feel like the price tag is set too high. You can get a lot of good cars for 40-50k.
I love how easy it is to read Doug and tell if he actually likes the car or not. He’s seen a million and definitely knows what he likes and doesn’t
Nissan still adding random chrome accents. Got ris of the ugly door handles and added some chrome around the window on a monochromatic styled car.
I’ll take my GR Supra over this
Horizontal, not vertical.
Yo yo lsow bro u talk to  much
This guy speaks like tarantino
He reminds me of the wacky-inflatable-flailing-arm-flailing-tube man.
Cant wait to get this shit
Those would be horizontal ovals on the tail lights, not vertical.
Apologies if already asked, but will this car come convertible or Targa?
Mmmm I think I should keep my 2015 sti, was thinking of swapping it out for the Z but seems like a bad idea.
Time to reconsider the new Supra.
It looks nice other than the front end which is a complete dumpster fire but, it looks nice despite not because and what I mean by that is think of how much more amazing this thing could look if they didn’t have to work around the critical dimensions of the nearly 2 decade old platform that it’s on, one prime example of this is the hilariously gigantic fuel filler door, I’m just unimpressed by it mostly because of what it isn’t, what it could have been. Especially based upon the price.
Ugly, rear end looks like a mustang, big square grill in the front is hideous.......epic fail
They should of call it 420Z
I think that car will have issues with sales because of Z signs on body 🤔  But russian market will love them 🤣 Good luck to Nissan with it😁
That silver trim needs to be matched with the roof. Looks dumb.
horizontal taillights. Doug is the type of guy that makes mistakes on purpose to get more comments
Doug the type o’ guy to meet with some high-up executives before being given the keys to take a joy ride in our dream car that’s not even on the market yet, catch a quick power nap in some random parking lot, wake up and not even fix his hilarious bed head before recording a video the same exact way for the 460th time, fail to notice (or at least care) while editing that he mixed up “horizontal” and “vertical” repeatedly, and nonchalantly upload it for millions of people to see without a second thought, all while wearing 11yo baggy dad shorts because he doesn’t give a fuck and just lives to review cool cars. He’s my favorite rich guy.  Edit: Also, best-looking Z yet imho
This guy looks like a literal bobblehead while he talks
Why does the driver have AIDS?
Why would someone let you use there car if your gonna touch the paint like that/lean on there brand new car
ZZZZZZed!
50k for a car that’s basically 10 years old… 20k more than it should be
Bright blue interior is AWESOME
Horizontal*
Yes, yes, yes ,yes, yes. This is exactly what I want in a sports car. I guess they do know their customers well.
Vertical surely you meant horizontal
zee .... lol
The rear is stunning.
Is it really back or is it just a new model? I've owned a 240, 280 and 300 and the newer Z's just suck.  Is this the real deal or just another plastic shitty Nissan from a car company gasping for it's last breath? Seems people like it but is this just another Nissan or is it a return to Nissan making a quality automobile and a real Z car?
How to get one in uk
15:21 Thank god for the sport mode, because having the speedometer to the right, and the tach to the left is just counterintuitive imo.  Also at 31:00 that sounds like a CDV clutch, which z's traditionally didn't have.  (linear)
whats stopping me from getting a 370 and putting a twin turbo in it and destroying this car all day long. And honestly the 370 is FAR sexier.  at the end of the day , the 370 is far sexier and we can put a tesla console in it.  the 4oo is just massively OVER priced.
It seems like they tried to make it as affordable as possible while still having a lot power unlike some cars
This is a great car. throwback in so many ways. Low expectations. That's the key to happiness.
Honestly I like the sport wheels better than the performance wheels
Yeah looks good on the outside but on the inside it still looks like it’s 10 years outdated
Wow first bmw fucked up by making those ugly new line of cars they have out there.  And then Nissan wants to shit on 370z production by introducing a future looking car. It’s ugly asf, I like that import feel of the car, not this iRobot car fohhh
Not a Nissan fanboy, thought the 350Z and 370Z were hideous... I like this one
Lose that chrome afterthought.
15:50 - such a simple feature and they didn't make it? Hard to believe.
this car looks like it's stitched and patched from older models. The older models look better than this one.
I’m gonna buy this in mid 2023 mark my fkn words
"No driver assist" your goddamn right I'm doing my own assisting
The Nissan 370Z is way better, the 400z is to boxy
If anyone has seen the boyz… yall know this man looks like hughie times 2 😂😂😂
they should have done an oil pressure gauge instead of voltage. Otherwise this car is awesome and I want one bad, too bad I don't have an income lol
Still can’t decide between the Supra or the Z for my next car
Jb4 on the z and get more punch the vr30 is good
I think I found my next weekend vehicle!!  I'm presently the owner on a 1999 Honda Prelude with a factory 5speed manual shift that is mostly stock with the exception of an intake ,catback and front/Rear strut tower braces.  I had plans to boost the 2.2l H22 block, upgrade suspension, brakes, wheels and chassis.   This 2023 Fairlady is the full package for a fair MSRP.
8:58 i like that one.  A LOT.
Now THAT is a great looking "Datsun". I want one.
The fact the rogue has a flat bottom wheel and the Z doesn’t is the most Nissan thing ever. Other than that this cat seems pretty awesome.
Power bulge, nice
I need one.
Japanese legends coming back with this and corolla gr 😍😍
That's one ugly car.. especially from the back. At least if history teaches us anything no one will ever see the back of a Nissan z from the rear.
Visually unappealing.  One of the most unattractive sports cars on the road.
Nissan ALWAYS tune their Z car better than Toyota’s Supra. Fact.
Allllmost the car I want. Just needs to be AWD. I want a car quick off the line, and RWD won't do it.
Nissan hit it perfect. Acura should be ashamed of itself with the integra and Toyota is only somewhat better with the bmw Supra
Great-looking car, except for the headlights. Looks like a Hyundai Tiburon.
I've owned 5 zeds from 1981 to a new 2014 370z but I won't be owning this one, in my opinion is boring to look at inside and out, underpowered for a twin turbo with today's technology and over price. C8 corvette is my car.
Better then the gr 86 ?
That V6 Camry chain of thought mad man in traffic was a moment and a half hahahaha
Horizontal lights not vertical 🤓
there's nothing in this world a girl could want more then this
Awesome car
6:26 A retro throwback to the early wha??? 👨......👴
0 sold in Ukraine
I can't wait until it's 2035 and Nissan will be selling this same car, unchanged for $95k (due to inflation).
Beautiful designed car can't wait to see them on the road. How's the build quality though? The Nissans I've gotten the opportunity to shoot have felt cheap in the interior department. Is this the same? or has it improved?
a corvette at the top? come on!
Doug is right, this car is quite disappointing with plenty of errors for a 2023. Excellent review though
1969 cool detail lol
This car is one of the most anticipated cars in the last decade
400 horses is an also-ran in 2022. I mean it's fun, but naturally aspirated V8's are putting out that kind of power. I think the Nissan Z has been living in that world for a while now, sadly.
Pretty car but it’s just too heavy! I won’t be buying one.
its not electric? pass. $10 a gallon of gas is not appealing.
I don't get the hate in the comments.  It's a car that clearly carries on the Z line quite well and IMO is quite beautiful and at a pretty low cost, for what you are getting.  People must be too used to the slab sided bricks with cartoon inspired grilles slapped on them that pass for "styling" these days to actually understand what a proper sports car can look like.  I had a 350z in Silverstone with burnt orange interior, and boy did that thing turn heads when it was new, no Pep Boys plastic body kit needed.  I think this will do the same.  It has enough interesting elements on it to be different, but it's not overdone like the Supra is.  I think you would like the Supra design for a while but then it would start to be wear.  This looks like more of a timeless design, in my eyes.  I only wish they had put a proper DCT in it for the "automatic" option, even at a slightly higher price point.  That said, some autos, like the ZF I have in my M240i are really quick in response, so I hope this one does well---or you can always just get the manual.
I know you are in America or CA but why dont you list specs in KW and NM as only 1 country uses HP and ft/lbs but people from over 150 countries watch the videos.  Where they all use metric (North America is the only place that uses metric, so it would make sense to list what the majority use)
Supra is 100% better lol
considering the supra goes for almost 70grand around me this is most likely gonna cost around that also. Goodluck getting one also. Car industry is fucked right now. Gorgeous car though.
If you need driver-aides in a Z... then you don't need a Z ;)
This is an interesting car. I didn't like the first photos but the real version looks much nicer. However, it does kinda feel like a face lifted old version. At least it is a big facelift with some new stuff in important areas.
Instant classic.
Damn… Japan falling off.
Yay for the Doug score. This is a great take on a classic car
Basically Proto model is the same scam VW ran in the US with the 2007 fahrenheit GLI/GTIs. Nothing extra besides accent colors and badges + wheels
Oh. Emissions. Hybrid power train - gasoline combined with servo motors and a bank of batteries with solar cells and possibly little wind turbines to generate electric as it catches wind going down the road.   The Japanese have to compete. They are not just boring. They are actually creating a work of genius every time they build a car because they have to deal with bureaucratic idiotsin The national legislature of every country.
I love how Doug knows his stuff and it’s clear he’s done research and has passion for the subject matter.  Subscribing now.
Horizontal ovals…
Too heavy and Renault not good skillmer
Fifty grand for a recycled platform on a Nissan? No thanks.
H O R I Z O N T A L  tail lights
The mistake Nissan is making is looking for heritage and not the essence of what the Z was, and should be, they want the Z to look how it used to look instead of being what it was suppose to be, and what it is suppose to be should determine how it looks. With the 240z Nissan was creating an affordable Ferrari, an affordable supercar, so the Z was inspired by how Ferraris looked back then, the new Z should be an affordable super car, and it should look like an affordable super car.. The 240 was beautiful, the Ferrari 250 gto was beautiful, but get over it, so many designers are stock on maintaining the looks, and forget the real mission.. I think the Lotus Emira is more on the lines of what a modern Nissan Z should be. The retro design is rancid, it was over with the PT Cruiser..
I came here to look at that comments about Dealership markup and I wish I was wrong smh.
2012 370z and 2015 Nismo's are better.
Doug is a drama queen.
The 240z was much better-looking!
Nice car. what I learned is that Dough doesn't know the difference between "vertical" and "horizontal."
I'm fine with the world going turbo
Those red reflectors do something, they keep the tail lights legal since that is a requirement in the US
Is the 6-speed standard across all models of the Z, or did Nissan do that douchey thing Acura did with the new Integra and only offer it as an extra-cost option on the top trim level?
Most people are definitely gonna change the exhaust for that sound. I wish I can buy one too
Still prefer the supra
Uau! Incredible!!!
Its cool but for a guy with a kid i would find more practical a Kia stinger GT. I just sold my 300zx and its a been painful but its just not as practical anymore. Lets see if they make a 2+2 version
The one thing that bothers me the most about this car is that it’s the same chassis as the 350z which came out in 2009… it’s basically just a facelift
Vertical ovals?
Kinda stupid that the rev matching is only on the performance model that should have been in every manual model
@29:32 -29:36 sounds like my kinda woman!
Now this is what you call going modern but not forgetting its ancestor/tradition. Beautiful!
RE: the gauges on top of the dash. Battery voltage is pretty useful and can help diagnose an electrical issue. Frankly, the turbine speed gauge is the useless one. You never need to know that. I'd rather swap that out for an oil pressure gauge.
This car is FABULOUS !!!
Beautiful from the sides and especially the rear. But the front is just absolutely terrible. What a waste. Maybe future facelifts or body kits will improve on it though.
Oh my it's such a balm to ears hearing "Z" as "Zee" how I say it. It feels like nobody says "Zee" anymore
JFC the interior is still ass lol. Outside looks beautiful but dear god Nissan makes shit interiors
Nobody's going to buy this in  Ukraine
Nissan ruined our dreams of owning a 420 z
The E-Brake and the tail lights!!! Heck yeah engine is sweet, that limited slip differential in the performance Z is gonna be sweet .. also the big rear window I’m loving this ! Toyota and Nissan are crushing it, Subaru gonna take the backseat for a while it seems
You know, Doug is the type of guy who looks just like Sheldon Cooper
I've always been a fan of the Z cars. I'm old and had a friend, who's older brother owned a 260Z.  I was in high school when the Z31 gave way to the Z32.  I really wanted a Z31 300ZX.  Eventually, I got a Maxima with the VQ engine.  Nice to see Nissan sticking to their roots and allowing for a manual transmission, even though hardly anyone will drive it.  Though I'm confused why rev matching wouldn't be standard.  (Wonder how many manual transmission BMW Supras Toyota will sell.)  This looks like a beautiful car.  Cool that the Proto version sold only 240 units.
*sees how you open the trunk in the Z*  ...I need to text her
I don't understand why Nissan insists on interiors that look a decade old in their newest models; they did the same thing with the Frontier and it's a massive turn-off to any interest I have in their vehicles. It's a shame, cause they seem to be good vehicles for the money.
I actually dig the silver "katana" design.
v e r t i c a l
horizontal
Me: Cant wait for the new Z! Doug: its got a big gas tank lid  _opens lid_ "premium gas only" yeah, no thanks.
Keeping in mind the supra is actually a BMW, versus the z which is a rear wheel affordable gtr... I wonder which I would prefer.
Looks like Nissan supports the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Hey Doug, it looks like a Fiero on the back!!!!🤔🤔🤔🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
8:19 you mean horizontal
Imagine mazdas response to this… rx9?
Seems the performance version isn’t worth buying you don’t get much for 10k$
Loving the throwback look!
22:10 look at that seat wear, already... :(
Sad that it is not coming to the U.K.
dream car fs
Great shirt my friend....SE born and raised ..when u know u know...#dontmutedc #dctothebone #gogo4life
Doug, I see what you did here... and I'm not going to let you get away with it, without saying something about it! lol Before you go into discussing the Z, you are standing aside of the New Toyota BMW-Supra from the video I just watched before this one... real slick... lol. Toyota - it doesn't make sense to develop a sports car by yourself...  The World - Is that why the LFA failed?!?! Did the LFA price have anything to do with it? The World - Didn't you do that with the 1st Supra... IT WAS ON POINT!!! The World - Everyone else is doing it, why cant you?! And to hear you mention, "Without some extra unnecessary -Visual Drama- like some new cars have"....  Doug.... Just go ahead and say, "Like the Toyota BMW Supra has... lmbo!!
Nissan hit the Z on the Mark!!! Unlike the Toyota BMW-Supra...  I love how the Nissan Z looked back and used THEIR OWN design cues from previous Z's to make this Superb New Model! Well Done Nissan! Thank you for looking at your past SUCCESSES and using it to Guide your Future!!!
Hey, Doug's wearing my shirt! 😃👍😂
That 300ZX still my grail.
wait so can you get the Supra I6T with a 6speed manual transmission yet? this powertrain is extremely impressive and with some basic bolt-ons with a tuner and its already at an easy 600hp engine hp
Doug the type to give your mom a Doug Score after smashing.
I've seen drag races between the Z and the Supra and the Supra takes the Z every time. BMW underrate that 382HP engine. But I kind of *hate* the rear styling of the Supra and the Z looks gorgeous from every angle. Also, some of that interior in the Z looks really cheap. I like the added practicality of the hatch. Pretty torn between what I'd go with. For sure, the Z will look better than the Supra 10-20 years from now.
“The new Z is lacking in driver aids” Excellent
Nice, but not impressed. 🤔 Too many different retro styling designs.  I like that it exists though. 👌  Supra is still better looking. 👍
This dude definitely understands vertical stuff lol
I don’t like it, looks like a Hyundai
you mean Horizontal ovals instead of "Vertical" when talking about taillights right?
Interior looks so cheap.  Would have paid another 5 grand just to have a nicer interior.  Oh well I'll keep looking
Unfortunately Nissan Zs are only driven by wannabe kids and the reputation will stick forever.
16:30 It's a manual, you actively change drive modes by shifting.  Lol
Your car n bids add needs more reverb
Is it just me, or are you referencing those tail lights wrong? You keep saying vertical, but they’re clearly horizontal ovals.
I think that Nissan for sure made the right car here, they stuck to their roots and I like all of the little nods to their heritage. But is this car at all worth it at this price point, they did this weird split between semi modern tech and 2010 tech rather than just dedicating themselves to all or nothing. I mean that screen in the sport car looks like a shitty aftermarket radio, its gross. This car is like a homerun that hits a child in the head.
To me the standard Z looks more elegant and tighter finished. The performance version looks like some aftermarket parts being slapped on it
If you want "driver assist" get a Bimmer, this is a Raw sports car, which is refreshing!!! Back up camera resolution?? I'm surprised it even has one to begin with, my back up camera in my 240 is my rear view mirror and side mirrors 😂🤣
They made a new rental car! Nice!  How is Nissan supposed to create a new generation of enthusiasts if they can’t make a car the current enthusiast can afford. Just like the GT-R, it’s gonna be mostly rich old men owning them and their 19 year old YouTube toddlers driving them.
Where are Japanese brands still getting those awful old rectangular switches they’ve all used for decades? Looks awful 😂
Horizontal*
It breaks my heart that it's not coming to Europe :(
I was waiting for this video my whole life
"Zed" sounds far tougher than "Zee". I am glad that Australia will get the tougher model ;-)
"Lacking on driver assists"  Imagine buying a car like this to just sit in it.
@29:52 did Doug just say a vq35 sounded good. Don't hear that too often.
I dunno, it just doesn't look particularly good to me. It's better looking than the average car, sure, but it just looks unfinished - nothing fits together.
Its technically back to its roots to the Z32.... both share a  3.0L Twint-Turbo V6. :-)
Doug needs to bone up on his vertical and horizontal definitions
Throwback and Retro are not Innovative >.>
Over-priced...or inflation?
Acura should take notes
So what makes a great sports car?!  Nissan: YES!
The Z looks far better, has more power in any configuration and is available with a manual transmission...sounds like a easy choice to me.
I like it but I don't u know lol... 2×2 twin turbo is still a nicer ride my opinion.
That blue interior would look great on a black car. The car looks pretty good but if you're going on mainly looks, the Supra blows it away.
@ 21:30 Doug makes fun of the battery meter which was in the original Z cars.  My dad  had a 1972 240z for almost 30 years and I remember as a kid when turning on the left or right turn signal that battery meter would twitch back and fourth as the signal "clicked".  An odd detail but something I remember from years of riding in this car.  I'm sure the electronics in the new cars are improved!    My dad is now 80 and I need to find one of these to rent to take him on a ride for fathers day.
So you don't want to drive this Z car in Ukraine for sure.
With the optional nismo exhaust sounds way better. There’s a video of the nismo exhaust on the grey one
Wow.. two of the top gages are useless.. 👏
Sounds like a v6 camry driver in traffic!! 😂
Horizontal. Horizontal. 😜
if this car came to europe it would be an easy choice between this and the supra. this is better looking, quicker and cheaper.
370z still looks better
will a Nismo  version come out soon ?
kinda ugly
i'da loved for it to have been named the Nissan 350 ZDatsun
I hate to say it, but I think the 240z in the pictures is more attractive. What? No CVT transmission? Oh the horror.
This package is ridiculous next to Camaros offer.
Nissan save money on the exhaust and more because they know that their costumers will tuning it 🤑 very smart 🤠
Happy to see an "analog" vehicle still exist in today's world of paddle shifters.
Romeo from DC here, Love the shirt 💯💯
Horizontal...  Horizontal.   Horizontal.
I think this is a cost conscious revival done right. Money went where it had to go, engine transmission and updated infotainment. And the recycled parts from last gen have minimal impact on a fresh new experience. At base, definitely this v6 over the 4 banger Supra. Top trim though, we’ll let the comp tests decide.
2022 and it has the same calipers as my 2011 g37 sport lol
Oh my word, was like watching a hyperactive gerbil before it hits your windshield.
Besides of the color I would never buy a car like this.
Ahh yes, the same springy clutch and notchy transmission from the 350/370z. The clutch spring is such an easy fix I'm amazed they didn't change it but the transmission is a killer. It feels pretty ancient in the 370, clunky and shifts slow in traffic. What's the bet they left the shitty plastic CSC in the bell housing and crappy silicon filled bushings in the diff as well. So every new owner gets to pay 1k+ to swap them out after only 10-50,00kms.
Too bad nissan has the same quality under the hood as a 4 cylinder American car 🗑 no reliability long term
2011 Dodge Charger still inspiring taillight design a decade later
the Z is very good value for sure no doubt and what happened with the torque on the Z? the quality/luxury of everything else vs the BMW Supra its no competition and we already know the B58 has good support and big gains from tunes
Looks uglier than previous gen
very interesting new design Those cup holes were clearly not designed for American cups lololol
Doug D: This is the new Nissan Z! Ukrainian:
once i get a job and save enough, im getting this car if I cant afford an s2000 by then lol
Pretty sure those are *horizontal* ovals, Doug.
Depressingly good, foregoing flair for simple like the lack of “driving modes” or other stuff. Wish more cars were built simple.
This car design makes me so happy! Such a great tribute to the OG Z
you cut the start-up :(
Doug prefers the trumpet exhaust? Kinda cringe, ngl
its irrelevant but the oval tailights are horizontal not vertical it tripped me out when I head it.
What an absolute piece of shit car. If they’re not going to make it much better or cooler why even release? Just a money grabber for morons
Can't wait to see the facelift, the headlights are too '14 Sentra and they missed the mark bad with the two tone
Thanks Doug
When will people start saying was in the early 2010s n so on 😂 if this makes sense
Z! Russians!!!
This car is not financially feasible... I bought a brand new 370z with the sport package for 32k back when it came out... 50k for a "performance" package is a ripoff, especially knowing when half the car is ripped out of one that was already developed.  Even the engine was not new development, but something already ripped from somewhere else.  Where does the high price come from?
Can you get the Z Performance without the spoiler?  Really don't like the way the spoiler looks.
0:57 Who bought a 2013 Toyota Land Cruiser w 79k miles for 50k🤨🤔 Am I missing something here that sale makes no sense to me?
So glad they didn’t add a z31 heritage detail to this design, lets try to forget the 80’s Z car, it was like that awkward pubescent stage we all went through.
Interior 🤮🤮
No Doug, the sound of the VQ has been the worst part of the Z since 2003. Nothing like going outside and having my ears bleed.
Compared to the Toyota it's ugly AF. It's fat and long in the front squatty and boxy. They could have updated the badges the Nissan badge in the middle looks like crap. Sorry for being so critical but I love the z-cars this is ugly. The engine transmission excetera is exciting I'd love to drive it but it's not a pretty car
Here's the engine! *big pile of plastic crap bolted over it Well that was exciting.
I just love a Nissan, let it be any Nissan. Always excites me with their products. Maybe its all because of the iconic Nissan GTR. Just has a special place in my heart.
Could someone explain why I would need a turbo speed gauge?
Aside from the performance which is unnegotiable..... The outside is a calm beauty but the inside is outdated
so sick
Supra 3.0 0-60 3.7sec Supra 2.0 0-60 4.7sec Z 0-60 4.2sec Supra is a faster and sexier sports car in my opinion. Definitely worth the extra few dollars.
Just for the record it’s slower 0-60 than the Supra.
Nissan needs a new logo update
Whatever happened to doug is the type of guy jokes
This looks fun as hell! The real question...fight for this car, and likely pay over msrp, or wait two years for this market to stabilize, and the Nismo model gets released...
As an owner of a Kia Stinger GT which has 19" wheels...be prepared to not have many options in tire choices. Oh and you wont be spending $40k - $50k on a new Z. It'll most likely be $60k - $80k if you're lucky. Then the people who bought what little Zs there are will be reselling those for $100,000. Yeah it's going to be discontinued by the end of next year. 😔
Bc of the Z it’s fail
I love that the new Z has the same window switches and wiper stalks as my 2011 Altima. Hey, they still work and there's no reason to change them
So they gave this beautiful classic a Tesla front and a Mustang Back... this is a 2023 and this is your best design to the Classic❓️ So disappointed. 😡
Am I going crazy or does it sound like duck DE morro is inside of a cave when he is talking about cars and bids On this video ?
Z for Russia
That back end looks so good reminds me of when I was a teenager and one of my friends had a early 90's 240 and they have somethings similar
sorry can't watch more than 3 minutes of a guy talking like he's on crack
drive modes suck
Man looks like real life bobble head
There is a home screen on the infotainment actually, press the MENU button.
Imagine if Mazda had been secretly working on RX 9 and then just drop the tomorrow
oh man i need one of these😩 i would give my left nut
Looks an awful lot like they stole the wheel design from Audi on the upper tier trim levels.
Objectively speaking, Doug has to be THE worst car reviewer (in terms of useful information) in the modern era. In a desperate need to cling to his "quirks n features" shtick, he conjures up bizarre design flaws that really don't exist. He stubbornly clings to his dated format of "quirks n features" despite a downward trend in viewer numbers. He's become the man who refuses to evolve.
DOUG...wtf are u smoking?...Literally nobody cares about displaying the map when not navigating. Why do u say such bizarre things ?
Best design of Z since the 80s.
I hope people buy it. In an era of SUVs and crappy EVs this is an uncommon sight.
I hate Nissans... I would never buy one but this one has the old school vibe i like it in all black...
The third gauge should have been an A.F.R gauge assuming it has a wide band O2 sensor
As a German I have one question: what the fuck is tik tok Radio???
sounds like a ninja foodie blender LOL
i can’t believe they made a real life version of the car from rocket league 🤯
homeboy doesnt know the difference between horizontal and vertical
do they offer a 370 body as an option bc this body/design is shit……no flo whatsoever
So you get paid to said the " 2023 " have more horsepower than a 2020 model ???????????  Naahhh demuro you are losing credibility right there. Why not compare to the manual 382  because you should never buy a price. Even when is a couple of thousand more my lil friend
It looks huge.
All good, BUT face looks UGLY! P A S S
z sport is a much better looking vehicle for a huge discount
I think Nissan should of retuned it and upgraded the turbo cooling for more power over the Q60. Also use the exhaust note from the old G35 coupe or FX35.
I don't know, I like a springy clutch.
Horizontal vs vertical
Nice looking but I prefer the older body style
car looks like shit. they fucked it up. 370z and 350z is better. badass interior though
I would have happily upgraded from my 370z to this, if it wearnt for how ugly the front lights and grill is. 80k AUD ain't too bad on price.
I stared at your tuft of hair the entire time. I had to re-watch the video again to actually retain some information - Love you Doug!
I love how Doug says this car is faster than the supra when Hagerty already compared both cars head to head and the Supra won the 0-60 and the 1/2 mile drag race. Also love the fact that he thinks this has more horsepower than the Supra when its been shown time and time again with stock Supras on dinos that they basically have the same hp
Modern performance car that doesn't let you switch drive modes. WRX one but feature missing that every single competitor has.
probably the miata from 2017 RF and this is the best thing on the market everything other is trash  if you dont wanna buy a 2 seater for the track or a project you might as well just buy a dumb ass EV sedan-not worth having an old ass technology engine with all of the shitty ass maitanence if i had money i would sell my NA miata and buy EV---or probably 350Z and use it for drifting---and i dont know what i would daily drive but i will figure it out-everyone sorts out their priorities :D
Everything from the car in and exterior gives me an oldish feeling. It's like a car from the '90.... Not sure my thing.........
Not crazy about the design, looks like shit.
Recycled. The only "new" is the design. Engine recycled, platform recycled, door panels recycled...
Horizontal...
You mean RE-KILLED...
Front and headlights design Looks like Aston Martin 🤔
He's only wearing one Tshirt. I'm so confused...
2023 is next year!
The Z35 is the heaviest Z ever made. 3600-3700 pounds. 🤣. A lighter car is going to have a faster lap time in corners. A sports car needs to be light so it can decelerate faster before corners. I seen 300hp Hondas run 9s in a quarter mile, because they was light. So added horsepower is just a bandaid for a overweight car. The H22 Prelude can run 13s with less than 250hp all motor. The 280ZX weighed about 2800 pounds, and I think the 240Z was 2600 pounds. It would be nice if we had a 6 cylinder Z35 under 3000 pounds.
I really love my FX35, the Z CuV... Lol.
Another model where Sport = Poor lmao
Finally a car that doesn't have a stupid pop and bang tune or a fart-when-it-shifts- sound... Not a bad sound at all.
@dougdemuro why is there a hyphen after the “Since 1969 -“ …
That steering wheel is not all new.  It's straight from the Infiniti Q but with some slight modifications.  Just like some of the other buttons in the car can be found in the G37.
It looks boring and the tech is last century. Not interested.
Now it’s Honda going to redo their prelude ? That I’d love to see come back to compete
I really want one i prefer even the older ones over the desirable supras . I just liked the way they can sound and they look more so than the mark 4 Supra . Don’t get me wrong I would still take a Supra but the Z’s are just that little more appealing to me . And I am biased though with nissans after having the last 5 cars being nissans and never had any issues with any of them
That blue interior is much nicer. The one he shows looks cheap and cheap.  Those stocks for blinkers (that is something ppl should learn about) and wipers are atrociously ugly.  Looks like an interior from a 90s car.
They pack the stuff so badly tight in new cars that changing a 20$ part ends up costing 600$. There's no room to work in that engine bay. That 40$ belt that usually cost 50$ to install in 30min will now cost triple because half the engine parts will need to come out and it'll take 2.5 hours.
You should make Nissan R390 video, if you will find one
Nissan 300zx, Datsun 240z and 220c,  Patrol, Terrano, They are Best in Nissan old models
When referring to "platform", does that mean chassis?
The end of enjoyable vehicles is so close now in europe & UK. We're already getting bypassed for things like this by companies which should be able to cope with the average emissions. I really think low volume enthusiast models should be exempt from the EV march.
I completely agree with that aesthetics opinion.  I cannot stand all the visual crap they are putting all over 'sports' cars today,   especially when it's something non-functional.  Why even bother with a fake air vent or scoop?
Loving the sx style tail lights
For a F-type look alike it’s okay I guess.
the rear lights also remind me, not only the 300ZX, but also the Mazda RX7's.
The spoiler definitely spoils the way it looks. I see that the Z Proto, with its "cool cosmetic upgrades", does not have the spoiler.  So could you get the Performance without the spoiler, or is that not an option meaning you are stuck with the ugliness of it?
400(hp)Z
8:08 mark - that ain't a vertical oval it's horizontal
How do you pronounce the word "miss"?
why do you talk like spitting . better do a mute review
For 50k (performance model) you basically buy a car with a bunch of old interior parts taken from the previous Z…. It is coming out in 2023 but the car comes with a GPS screen and back up camera that you will expect you get from car that is made ten years ago.  For 10k more than the sport model and there is not much difference between the two…. Gotta say I am a little disappointed because I have been waiting for a new Z since I first bought my 350Z in 2008.
9:12 Shit it’s looks like a forehead
I really think this cars styling is a miss. They tried to make it look like a old Z but it just ends up looking lopsided and obtuse. Also it might just be me but 50k seems like a lot for a Nissan.
The tail lights are HORIZONTAL. Not vertical 🤦🏻‍♂️
That silver Sport looks much better than the blue Performance. Rims are nicer and the rear end looks better without the spoiler
i finally figured out you sound like sheldon from big bang theory :)
Indeed,  the sound leaves one wanting.  A platform for tuning,  for certain.
a favorite car in Russia now ... the Z
Can’t wait for them to make this car for 15 years with 0 updates
“it looks like a very attractive sports car”, IT IS a very attractive sports car!
I just want to give the designer of this thing a slap in the face.
I had a 370,  never could fall in love with it and sold it soon after buying it.  #1 complaint was comfort, just terrible seats. #2 was how terrible it sounded; just like a Frontier V6 pickup. Seems like Doug sensed the exact same thing with this one.  No performance sound at all. Maybe the turbos will help. Also, 2 laps on the track and they were ready to melt. Hoping cooling system is track tested on new model.
Please bring back your descriptions of each part of the Dougscore and the reasons behind it. That was the best part to hear what makes a great car great.
Really excited about this car. Probably wouldn’t buy one new but I would consider a used one down the line
I heard you mention that only 240 of the Proto were made and that they are already sold out.  Where are they sold out?  Is it 240 for the US market or 240 worldwide? How can it be sold out if nobody has them in the US available for purchase yet and you cannot pre-order any Z?
so the performance model is heavier lmao kind of kills the whole point of performance
Stunning work from Nissan. Truly an affordable, stylish, functional track toy with solid power and easy avenues to upgrade. Nissan knows ppl will do their own wheels/tires/brakes - imagine this with Apex rims and proper rubber.  They also know we don’t give a toss about nav systems or reversing cameras.  400hp in base model? Yes please. Supra not even in the conversation… the wind buffeting problem alone renders it useless on track, not to mention its underpowered.  Gauge cluster in sport mode shows exactly what you need.. oil, water, tire pressures. The aesthetic heritage nods are tastefully done. Can’t wait to see these Z’s properly modded out at the track.  It’s about the only car I’d almost consider replacing my M2 with… almost.  Bravo Nissan… EPIC work!
I dun like it...
“This”
I'm sorry 50 grand they're out of their minds pro bunch old parts out of a old car that gas door is just God awful ugly
8:50 that whole area is a mess.
this looks old. parts bin galore. esp the rear light bar.
Just from a quick glance, it reminds me of the Shelby Daytona
I see a jaguar f type
with all due respect i know a lot of people on here are Z lovers and i love me a vintage fairlady like anyone else, but 50k for what appears to be a hand me down with some slight tweaks and barely any features, nope.
If you get one at least your car will still be the same as the model coming out a decade from now
Great review, I want one so baddd!
i love it
USA NISSAN /UKRAINE Z NATZI   CAR
17:07 SUS
horizontal
horizontal*
i call it the Z30 lol the reason is i am going off the infiniti badging like the g35 g37 q50 q60 and so on so its only befitting to call it the Z30. lol 3.0 liter motor making 400hp
A manual sport car lacking lot of unnecessary or even stupid driving aids is the best ad for this Nissan! Btw. the Voltmeter is a very useful gauge, sadly rare in today regular cars... That blue interior is very cool instead of some stupid blue mood lighted interiors, remind me of good older cars.
you're going way too easy on that interior. It looks like something you would get in your enterprise rental from 2015. You better hope it drives like $50k+.
At least the tail lights are nice. Tobad the rest of the car is just as ugly as the 350Z.  3:37 You failed to mention the engine model. I'm guessing it's a VQ. I'm lucky to already have my S13 fastback.
You meant Horizontal oval taillights. Not vertical.
From side reminds me Astons but shorter.
Nissan always knows how to make godly cars
Lmao z over Supra any day
Therapist: Ethereal Doug DeMuro doesn't exist, he can't enlight you.  Ethereal Doug DeMuro:  00:28
awsome car is so beautiful
As somebody who used to hate multiple drive modes, cruise control and lane-assist, I am happy all those features came in my Veloster N.  Cruise control and lane keep assist were a huge help when i drove to Canada and occasionally needed to take my hands off the wheel or rest my feet. Jumping between regular mode and my custom performance mode is seamless and a huge help when I don't want to announce myself via tailpipes. Eco mode is pretty useless in the car though, the lower idle rpm makes it hard to engage the clutch and I'm not burning my clutch to same a few miles on my trip. Rev-matching works amazing but I'll always have it off unless I take it to the track. (rev-matching also doesn't work in eco mode where I need it most)  Hope I get to get my hands on this car and give it a ride, lord knows it's the only Nissan I would be caught dead in (minus the GTR of course). Putting the power port of to the side is freaking genius. Maybe it didn't need a guage but quickly being able to see your battery voltage without using a voltmeter or shuffling through menus is pretty damn cool too. I love to see features for real drivers going into these cars.
Z= dragon ball z
I think this Duckscore is too low! Not many ducks will be buying this car now.
They could ban it in erope because of the Z 🤣🤣🤣
Love the overall look. Simple. To the point. And not exaggerated. The interior I wish was better designed and not so simple. But it follows the theme. Overall a great New Z car!
The Supra dosent come with a 6 speed as an option.
The nose/grille is still horrible. Way to steep.  Looks worse than the new corvettes
This makes me feel good. No driving modes. Just three pedals and a shifter. This seems like a winner. We will have to see how the engine plays out. Also. Using the 370z platform means that maybe there are some crossover aftermarket parts. Probably making it easier to modify. No driver assists and frilly Nilly shit is a GOOD thing
Large horizontal ovals
14:27 As in they're both... round? 😂
This car is no legend. The Supra is better than this car in every way and thats saying something. For the same money buy a mustang Mach1 or a Supra
Whoever will mod this engine or completely swap it, battery voltage gauge will be really useful. They really know their customers, love every aspect of this car. It's really amazing to see a car with I can say oldschool window buttons, proper handbrake, proper manual and etc.
I think there is a lot of really cool design choices, but I think it looks weird all together. I honestly prefer the proto grill, but it's definitely a cool car. I still haven't decided how I feel about it though.
unfortunately the supra is still faster :(
I originally didn't like it, but I guess it was the camera angles. This one is sharp and looks good. I still think the Supra looks better though, and we are a Nissan family lol
It only took 30 years to make a Z-car thats faster than the 300zx twin turbo.  Good job!
Horizontal Doug Horizontal.:)
The 370 platform screams at you when you look at this car from the side but other then that I’m absolutely in love and have literally no other complaints. Can’t wait to see this rear end next to my z32 in my driveway
I love the Datsun look of it
what's with the 4x4 look?
I really wish they had gone with 240z’esque hooded analogue primary gauges
👀@17:10
I wasn't looking at getting any cars or anything but I might actually have to look into on of these.
I dont like the front but the back is beautiful. Reminds me of the 300zx
I found the most real car with this one,with an air of 240z of the seventies,no stupids options ,a perfect car,I repeat ! And wich real driver from this epoque needs camera around or tons of electronics....
Well, now I kind of want a Nissan...   Manual, actual handbrake (not one of those useless e-brakes), 400hp, RWD...
370 Z Nismo?
Vertical Ovals.....?
I LOVE the fact the exhaust is not ridiculously loud. It gives the owner the option to make it louder.  This way if you don't want that annoying drone going down the highway, you don't have to pay extra for it to be quiet.   Let's face it, many people care about their neighbors and don't want to have this loud bark at start up at 4 AM.  it's very hard to make a louder, tuned exhaust quiet without sacrificing power.
The handbrake sells me :)
Looks terrible from the front and cost way to much
This is underpowered, the Q50 with the same engine has more power and torque.
Need to abandon the styling of the 350z and go back to the mid 90s 300Zx
I'm a simple person who likes a simple car. This is it
Doug is the natural successor to Jay Leno’s wealth of cars.
A guy in a V6 Camry revving it up in traffic cus he's mad 😂😂
Bad ass
16:33
Not crazy about the headlights
I like the looks of the car from the exterior, but man after being in so many Infiniti’s and nissans, I HATE that’s damn Nissan switch gear. I miss their early 2000’s stuff, but I am so sick of how long they have used that crap they still use. I like the car overall though.
The long silver line above the window is meant to look like a katana blade. That's the reason for it stopping at the back window...
The q50 doesnt have to be the red sport trim to have this engine.
I owned a new 1973 240z.  Still remember that car.  I have owned a few corvettes then moved up to 911’s. Bought a new Lambo Gallardo, Maserati Grand Turismo and Aston Martin DB9.  But the Z was special in my heart.  I would be tempted to buy this version
I need to see this blue version on some wide bronze TE's and a modestly lower suspension. I think it will look incredible.
All the idiots bashing this car are the same people that will be crying in a decade that nobody makes an great traditional sports car anymore.
I wish if they developed an i6 💔
S14 kouki rear lights
350z chassis
I can smell the interior already from this video
I'm guessing that at least some of the inner tail lights are the rear fog lights on Euro-spec versions of the car.  I think the white reverse light is underneath them too. I'd love to know the reasoning behind making the fuel door the size of a dinner plate...
The worst seats ever, just terrible. Not much has changed, inside.
You should do the genesis coupe, great car imo.
Man that thing is ugly
I’ve wanted a Z since before I could even drive… the 300zx, then the 350 and the 370… By the time I’m old enough to be able to afford one, I can’t do it anymore! I have a kid and a family now and no back seats just kills the dream.   I hope lots and lots of people buy there. Nissan needs to get the sales numbers to keep producing stuff like this and not flood the market with more crap SUV’s
All I can say is gross, the 370z was as beautiful as this is Frankenstein
I love Doug, but it strikes me as odd that he's changed the Supras Dougscores. If you go back and watch, he originally scored the 2020 a 63, and the 2021 update a 64. Never noticed him do that before, I may have missed it though.
To me, the front end looks or reminds me of the Datsun 240
Announcing MSRP's sounds like a joke nowadays. You know these are going to be marked up 50% +++. Fuck these days.
It's ugly.
Nissan 400z is 356whp 357 torgue 20 supra is 357whp 408  torque 21 supra is 388 whp 416 torque.   How is the Nissan faster? It weights more then a supra and also why did you chamge your score on the supra before you scored the 400z? Like your vids but please be honest with the viewers.
This has future classic written all over it.
Twin turbo v6 = gas guzzler
あ-あなたはそれを見ましたか？」   「ええ、それは彼です。 それは伝説です…悪魔のZ！」
smushed the front end of the 2022 brz an another car at the end
I stopped watching after hearing that exhaust.
0-60 i saw 4.5 - 5 second. that is very slow.
You should have put a video of you shifting...
What’s up Sorrento valley!
Shame to see glossy plastic used on the steering wheel, but it's an easy enough fix. Also, what's the deal with Nissan and infotainment? They just can't seem to get it even close to passing grade. Those issues are nothing compared to the positives though.
the interior is very meh dont you think? it lacks luster and feels and looks  like an older generation car, not a 2023 car.
Finally
i really love the rear view
This is the slow Nissan z crap with a cvt 😂😂😂 this who'll get whooped by a supra 😂😂😂🤣🤣
Yes. Give me just gauges. I have driven cars with other info on the gauges area, like song info or whatever, I've noticed I tend to focus on rpms and the mph as needed... If they have gas, battery, oil, etc I do catch myself checking them off I'm driving more than 20 ish minutes and on startup.
How can anybody afford this?
Good job Nissan. This gives me hope for R36.
Maybe this is a pre production model but you can see the driver's side bolster is already wearing out. Nissan interior quality up to Nissan standards.
Just like a miata this is my official dream car, this is a major thing for me because I never knew what my dream car was before when asked
I'm not a fan of the black roof.  It's too busy & messes up the lines.   The solid color car looks great.
It looks like a 240 and a Datsun had a kid and that child had a kid with a Hyundai tiburan
What an unfortunate time to name a car “Z” ;(
All I can say is Nissan did such a better job then Acura did with their “New integra”  this is how you bring back the old style
Rear part looks like Mustang
v6 turbo 6 speed <3 <3 <3
*everything a great but to me the car doesnt look like an aggressive sports car. even the 370z looks much more sportier.*
The echo....
So the base is now the sport and the sport is now the performance. Nismo?
need a roadster
In the current era with Z as a symbol of the RuZZian NaZi war, the model designation Z, even though it has been around much longer than the RuZZian NaZis, is somewhat unfortunate ...
me watching dis while i have a 350z 🫤
Looking at it, I'm like....meh...it's ok. Then you get to the 400 horsepower with a manual trans part and all of a sudden I like it.
It's in my opinion, the best looking car released in the past couple years. The designers really did a great job!
I hope Doug will review a Nascar car one day
Manual transmission? No driver's aids? No drive modes? Thank you nissan for expecting us to be able to drive.
8.07 - "Vertical break lights" Oah Doug! ha!  Nice "Talk-O" it's like a Typo only spoken!
Not sure you understand what vertical means…
doug the type of dude to not know the difference between vertical and horizontal
this shts on the gtr look wise
Someone make a devil z
DAMN!!!!
I'm a bit confused on the claimed lack of home screen with the infotainment when he's literally on a home screen at 18:09. lol
lmao its not faster than the supra
Leave it to Doug to do a Z review and then follow it up with a sponsor spot featuring a Supra! You go Doug!
Honestly.....Do you have no idea what audio should sound like? I love the channel but woof. The supra ad sounds like you're in a pool. You're making some coin now. Hire a guy to do your audio.
Why haven’t you done any other z’s like the 240 or 280
You can stop in the middle of the road to tell us your driving impressions while other cars wait patiently behind. Just kidding. You are awesome Doug
Plus the Supra is a BMW period. This is a real Japanese manufactured legendary performance makers. The Only Supra for me is the Mk4 and the Mk3
Hot B T C Give away It’s an automatic trading platform Regulated by group of experts  trades, Which mean you can only make huge profits and zero losses Once’s you have  activated a plan in this trading platform all you have to do is sit back and watch your  profits grow, The whole trading process are been done for you. Because this system of  trading is automatic whereby your trades are been done by bots. You have no worries of  loss because your profits are guaranteed and there are no record of loss. I will advice  you to start up so your trading will commence immediately and you sit back and watch  your profits grows
would it really be that much of a hassle to install a proper midrange smartphone's hardware into the control center and make the map not run at 15fps? this is just hilarious for a luxury sports car
Great review, Doug! About the shifter feeling rubbery, do you know if the bushings are rubber or poly? Perhaps, like Subaru WRX's, a swap to a poly bushing would really help the sloppy shifter feel. I can't wait to drive one of these, been a long time coming!
It does no good if my local dealer won't take an order on one with a guaranteed price.  Market adjustments are killing the vibe this car is generating.
Glad it doesn't have drive modes. Making a sports car with a sports mode shows it's a huge failure.  They also should've have eco modes. If you wanted an economical car you should've bought one.
The primary complaint about the 370Z was that the interior felt 20 years out of date. So naturally, Nissan gave the new Z the exact same interior. And they want 50 grand for it.
letter Z does not sound or look good these days..
We don't get this model in the UK. Sad.
Ick, why does Nissan keep bringing back these mediocre Z cars, the only people that like them are the bargain hunters. Bring back the true legend, the iconic 300ZX!!!!!
I wonder if\when they will have an Infinity version.
That chrome / metal detail on the roof is meant to resemble a katana blade.
I don't care what you people say ...they F up this car the year it went from a zx to just z ...even the 96 tt models will out perform even the newest ones today. Smh 🙄
The origional 240Z had a nose upgrade referred to a "G" nose. It added a few inches in front of where the hood ended. The Light buckets had clear covers with chrome borders. Several companies offered the G nose as a upgrade, it reminded me of a Jaguar X  type nose.
That’s just a Infiniti Q60 with a different shell
First mods: rear reflectors to led. Lower. Exhaust... Otherwise, I like it!
Tbh exhausts are one of the first things to be changed on cars like this so having a standard one makes sense seing as how people are going to get rid of it anyway.
Cant wait to see how this compares to the lotus emira
It sounds like a streaming pile of horse $#!t
You tricked me, I saw the trees in the background and thought it was a new Z in Australia ready for driving.
Very ugly car! Nissan need new designers
Japan bringing out the best driver cars really these days.   Toyota/ Subaru GT86/BRZ, Toyota GR86, Nissan Z. Manual cars are such a great experience and only Japan seems to understand what a great car can be made in the modern world. I didn't think I'd see manuals so strong again and thought Porsche only deserved praise for their excellent manual 911 of recent
I would pick this over the supra because let's face it if I wanted a bmw I would buy a bmw
17:08 Doug feeling a little bit sensual with the stick 🧐
THIS...is a laughable attempt to reclaim the Z legend, and is a boxy-mouthed embarrassment of modern car design.
wangan midnight Devil Z
28:01
You can tell Doug isnt a die-hard Z guy. We could care less about engine sounds and the heavy "zoned" clutch action that acts more like a lever than a pedal is a hallmark of Z cars. The new Z is supposed to be a return-to-form for Nissan and it shows they did their homework on what pre-Z33 drivers loved about Z cars.
Supra is in its fourth year and hasn’t managed to sell 20,000 units TOTAL to the US yet, the worst sales the Camaro has had was 22,000 units in just 2021 due to covid limitations. Toyota and Nissan need to figure out that if they don’t get their cars competitive with Camaro, and Mustang, they don’t stand a chance in the US market. A Camaro with a 1SS, 1LE package MSRP’s for 46,000 US, it is faster, on and off track, more reliable, sounds better and isnt made of spare parts. But Nissan thinks it can sell a parts car with a known unreliable TT V6 for 50K US… Not gonna happen. This run of JDM cars looks eerily familiar to the end of the last JDM muscle era, overpriced,  not reliable (Supra was back then) and didn’t sell. Probably gonna have the same result too. Toyota sells WAY more cars then Chevy and somehow they can’t make a competent sports car themselves, while Chevy has 2…. Do better Toyota and Nissan, Just DO BETTER.
The best color with white
The rear looks like a 240sx except it didn't have round lights it has the horizontal ones similar to the 300 as mentioned
Why is it so much if it used most of the stuff from the old z?
Without doubt a better deal than the base Supra..
The Nissan Z car is one of those cars that just refuses to die and stay dead. Everyone thought the 300ZX was the end of the line for that model, until the 350Z came out in the early 2000’s. And now it’s returned yet again after the 370Z went out of production. Next thing we know it’ll be an electric sports car.
I don't understand why japanese carmakers do the carry over with old trim and interior.. the cars look awsome on the outside but inside you got this over 10year old plasticy, cheap looking and feeling interior wich drags it down..
It's the manual a90 Supra on the cars and bids add right!??
Wait so they have a twin turbo but failed to have a turbo whistle? If there is no whistle are you even turboing right? I think not.
Review a 300zx
Doug, no way this POS Nissan with its cheap plastic everything beat out the GTI and Golf R for overall quality.  This car is way over priced and boring as shit.  Stop taking bribes.
I'm not a car guy but to me this car feels like it's a love letter to what the original car was. It's about getting the driver to drive the car. No frills, no unnecessary accessories. The tech may seems dated but all the "modern day" creature comfort stuff probably won't be needed or appreciated by the person buying this car. The fact the e-brake is completely manual tells you everything you need to know. Yeah, the tech is dated and the back-up camera is crap but when you're spending nearly 100% of the time in this car going forward, why should you spend an extra $100 for a rear-view camera? That extra $100 can be spent else where, or not spent at all. The bare necessities that gets this car past all the typical regulations for sale is all that is needed. Everything else, you throw it into the performance, handling, and power of the car. Perhaps that's why Nissan can sell the car so cheap against the Supra because they chose to put their money where it most mattered the most to their intended driver that would appreciate this car. You don't have to buy the Z. Nissan had a specific driver in mind, and this car was built for them.
I already have the z32…now I need the z35
Z 💪
DOUG THIS IS A FACELIFT - WHY DONT YOU ADMIT THIS TO THE AUDIENCE? I WILL REPORT YOU TO THE WOKE DISINFORMATION BOARD IN WASHINGTON DC
50k for a car that carries over old parts from unsold lot of 370Zs
LOL
Thats sad a 24k Canadian Kia Forte has more driver aids then this car that will be priced at 60k in Canada.
No one will buy this car when they realize the car payment, insurance and fuel are going to cost almost 1500 a month.
The full electric lighting is also 40k base price and is faster accelerating.  Gas is going to $5/gal for regular and over $9 for premium. What do u want a fast and useful truck that costs nothing in gas or a gas guzzling car that will cost 4 or 500 a month in fuel on-top of a car payment. I know my plug in hybrid is off the road waiting on the bank to reposess it cause the payment insurance and fuel is way more expensive then a cheaper 20yr old car that was no car payment.
The fuel door is massive to accomodate a full electric version coming and to fit a charge port.
Doug is a liar this is another Toyota/BMW shared platform.
So it's another crappy BMW product. The same chassis as the supra but a different body to make a fake Nissan product.
They should offer silver door handles as an option.  That would look pretty cool.
Steep price but glad it’s finally out.
Eventually I’ll buy a Z32. I still wish I did when I was in Japan and then brought it back home.
Looks dope, maybe in a few years they will refine the aesthetic and thats when i can afford one !
I was sold at "Manual Transmission".  Don't need to know anything else.
Yup sounds just like my Camry lol
Bonus Fact: The new Z marks the first time since 1969 that the Z and Skyline/GT-R have shared an engine. In 1969, the Nissan Z (PS30) 432 (a variant of the 240Z) was powered by the Nissan S20 2.0L inline-6 (as opposed to its usual L20 inline-6). The S20 was originally used in the C10 and C110 Nissan Skylines. Now, in 2022, the Nissan VR-series Twin-Turbo V6 is included in the Z, Skyline (aka. Infiniti Q-car), and GT-R.
Thanks for showing us your just a journalist and not a car person. Voltage is the life line of a modern car. Voltage is important. Fawk your stunned 😳. Nissan ! Don’t listen to him you know what you need to do! keep going. Keep it modifiable we like to personalize our vehicles and don’t care to pay for stuff we are just going to pull out any ways. And we love to go side ways. Nissan should offer a tuner model.
Everything about this is fantastic. I have not been a Nissan fan for sooooo long because of their crappy vehicles lately. This… this is amazing!
Nice dash. Glad it doesn’t have the iPod glued to the top look. The screen fits much better and not too big.
You correctly mentioned that the new Z shares its engine with the Infiniti Q-car/Nissan Skyline (V37), but didn't mention that the engine originated in the R35 GT-R.
It is a great looking car, I actually like it better than the BMSupra.  I think it's going to make a great 2nd and 3rd owner car if they make enough of them, and will continue to hold value later on as track day car, and enthusiast race car platform.
Man that is one ugly front. It looks so cheap. The whole car just looks ugly.
I'm not sure this car is worth $51K (that's if you can even get it for msrp). It's a 13 year old chassis and engine from 2016. You can see these weaknesses in an uncomfortable amount of wheel hopping car has in driving videos.
This is kinda bad time to release any product branded "Z" everywhere... just saying...
The letter Z will give Ukraine fan boys a fit. love it!
I don't get it. I thought this car was the new 370z?
This car seems like something that would have come out in 2015
Well yeah you wouldn’t deviate from black, it’s not a Mini Cooper.
The front looks ok but the rear end looks awesome!
I’m surprised you didn’t mention the automatic has louder exhaust
Toyota should take some cues for the Supra. Nissan nailed this
this car is so cool but the first thing i would have to do is paint the “katana” piece black
i see these going for 40k over msrp lol
Do we honestly care if it has a mechanical E- brake. I'd go for the Z over the supra. Supra fans annoy me. The car is a marvel but the fans are annoying. Its almost like most of the are having a long D**k challenge.
3500ib curb weight for a 2 seater? Hard pass, but looks beautiful
Honestly I like the old buttons, That old Nissan switch gear is 100% rock solid. No need to change them, And honestly I dont want to have to do EVERYTHING through the stupid touch screen.
Needs a twin turbo badge.
Truly love these cars, I feel like they just used as much recycled stuff to save money and a lot of recycled designs to bring enthusiasts of all ages to this car. Also I feel like they did that so they can drop the final engine powered Nissan or the last v6 for the z.
Other than the price, Nissan nailed it. No need to change the a/c controls or door panels or rearview camera, if it ain't broke don't fix it. Nissan gave us an exciting, attractive sports coupe with a healthy amount of power, a manual transmission, and a traditional hand brake.
11:12 haha funny number
We need an actual Japanese supra to rival this beautiful z.
Despite the new “supra” looking better and having a nicer interior, I’d take the new Z. More power and three pedals.
So fucking stupid that the car is only a 2 seat, would have gotten one if it was 4 seater
Love this car! I'd place mirrors on the front fenders to complete the classic Z look 👌
inpaindaily
driving finally (:
Nice car, but they have to get rid of the shiny metallic plastic around the steering wheel and navigation, it’s too harsh on the eyes and very cheap looking.
Send this Z horrible car to 🇷🇺 🤮🤮
I’ll take the Supra with the Nissan z engine and the Nissan z steering wheel
*Epic*
the first 10 seconds i already hate the car
ITS SO UGLY I CANT WATCH IT
The car looks great but I hate black wheels
Not coming to the UK, I'm disappointed beyond belief, first new car for 10 years that I'd actually consider owning :(
Recorded horizontally:)
wow the back from the 240sx that’s beautiful!
Pointing out the references to old Z's made me really appreciate the design of the car
I would love to get one! Damn dealerships
"there's no home screen" *home icon exists on screen*
Clean and simple I like it.  Some people like the crazy no purpose angels and some like it simple.  Different stroke for different folks.
I actually commend Nissan for coming up with a reborn old-school design. Many characteristics and features remind me of why I still choose to drive a 25 year old Skyline GTR today.
Doug saying "Vertical" for all the horizontal LED's in the taillights triggered me🥴
Lazy and cheap refresh nissan fanboys will agree!
Retro brilliantly recaptured with tech and design love it !!!
11:05    Nice!
C'mon Doug. It's not "all new." It's a rehash of the current model, still squat and ugly.
man we waited for this?..I will pass on this one..!!! Fugly looks wasted opportunity!
I don't get you americans. You call this a Nissan C, while the car clearly is named Nissan Z and you even got the Z in the title :-X    ;-)
Lol, what a piece of shit car.
I completely disagree. The dynamic and performance might be great, but I don't like the styling at all. Looks awful IMHO
Even if they broke all his glass, this Z is magnificent.
The roof gives the Z such a dramatic side view. I’m looking forward to seeing one in the metal!
I like the GT R, better. It made go get the photos. Nice work from the trigger man, on the angles, lines, background...
looks ugly haha
I really hope that we will become the RZ34 to Europe... i probably would buy it (when the price is right).
The interior is too "plasticky" surfaces
I get the design inspirations from previous or heritage Zs. But they went way too much imo, its new but it looks dated already.
I wish the interior is not this cheap looking, dated, gray color.....not a great look.
😶‍🌫
4 banger supra is not for you americans of course you willl pay 5k for 120hp extra, its for countrys in europe where anything over 2l is a lot more expensive to regiter.
This is dope. And i like that it doesn't have a lot of badges all over it. I would still remove the Nissan badge off the front end though. It would look nice and clean
Doug.. this was a bit boring review. Maybe you need a break from doing this and try to find new inspirations :)
Doug, turn the gain of your microphone down please...
Glad they ditched that beer-fridge door handle from the prior model run.  That was an aesthetic Achilles Heel.
Russians love the new, simplified name.
Looks much better than the BMW Z4
Cool car, but the Volkswagen Golf R is just better Imo. It's faster, it's all wheel drive and a hell of alot more practical.
“It doesn’t have a home screen”  *Scrolls Past menu option with a small house icon to indicate home*
10:24 it is still called ZX not Z , the little line in the middle of Z makes it like X impeded in the Z !!! who agrees ?
Wander if Nissan makes it so you can't change your engine without getting them to program everything like they have in the past? That's a major negative for me and enough to keep me from being interested at all.
As for the taillights, i think by Vertical, Doug really means Horizontal
Hands down the ugliest Z car ever made.
I think the old 240z are still a better car especially the exhaust of a na carburetated engines . And you really need to test drive a classic 240z
I like Z, but Nissan didn't make anything amazing or big different. I mean they used many parts from old models and the engine vr30 since 2016 without any update. They didn't even change something to get at least 10 hp more😶.  🔴My question is to the Nissan management, where is the development? Is this development for more than ten years?🥴
Glad to see the Z is back! I had a 1979 Datsun 280ZX for 16 years before I sold it.  It was a fun car to drive plus upgrade/modify!  My 280ZX in the end before I sold it looked like Paul Newman's SCCA Group C race car. This new Z looks like only the exhaust sound needs an upgrade.  I see a lot of heritage design from all the previous Z cars which I like.  Personally, I like cars with styling quirks that don't see on other cars.  Thanks for the ride along Doug!
Doug flapping his head and hands everywhere like flappy bird
Time to review the 9 speed automatic!
Hearing you say vertical when you meant horizontal honestly was nails on a chalkboard to me and I don’t know why
Tiktok radio 📻?? Eww im so glad we don't have to listen to that crap in Australia
I love the look of this car. This car kind of reminds me of the 997, looked amazing after the 996. The new Z looks amazing after the 350/370. The 996 and 350Z’s are the ugly ducklings imo
I’m surprised you didn’t note that the silver lines on the side are symbolizing a katana sword. Nissan brought it up in the announcement of the Z concept.
when you press the breaks on this thing the tail lights look like the dodge vipers tail lights
i like how focused this car is, anyone interested in the Z is clearly an enthusiast and wont care about 360 camera and and how many USB plugs you have, i hope more cars are more like that and not a bloated and overpriced junk
Lotus Emira vs Nissan Z, which one of the two do you prefer?
If I was in the market for a 2 seater sports car....also silver sports model minus wing is very nice
I think with an intake and exhaust this car will be a much better experience. It sounds like it needs to breathe.
There are just a few occasions when I don’t want to live in Europe the new Z is one of those since it’s not planned to be sold here 😫
Since 19-69. Noice.
My dream car!
you know what, i think i like this i like the blue interior option
my favorite car 1970 240, so YEAH THANKS NISSAN
*horizontal
i hope they make an electric version one day so we europeans can buy it as well because this one isnt allowed here.....
that system looks dated af
to the Supra / Z debate... The Supra is a major Flunk. I live in Florida. I have seen an M850 and a Lamborghini Aventador today. There's a lot of nice cars around here. (I've seen an original chevelle yesterday) That said. I've seen 2 Supras since they came out. And one Z4. Nobody is buying those cars. If people were buying them, this is where they would drive them to. Nobody is driving them here. The Z will absolutely blow the Supra out of the water and to our kids, the Z will be what Supra was to us.
What a stunner - Nissan hit it out of the park with this one
Glad to see the same turn signal and wiper levers from 2008 still lol
New Z is fantastic:  "Is Back" ?    I don't think so Doug, it never left. New Z = 370Z + 7 years old Infinity  3.0 t + after market suspension upgrade + great styling.  You are excited because it is something to talk about.
Stop taking cocaine.
No thanks I’ll take a supra instead
The 370z looks better to me
I think you meant horizontal instead of vertical.... Hahah... Love ya DOUG
I agree with you Doug,  it looks better than the BMW Supra.
I had a 350z but debating between this or manual supra now
Since the stock z will sell for 40k expect 80k at the dealer since the sporty model sells for 50 expect 100
I wonder if there will be a Fairlady version. If they do ill definitely buy that one
one thing i didnt like wat nissan did was they didnt care about the stock wheels design. it kinda look like a 2020 honda civic si stock wheels lol. I'm curious to see what itll look like with the 370z nismo wheels though. They shouldve also redesigned the bumper. it looks so simple and not good looking imo.
A small psychological effect for the supra vs Z is that for the supra you have bought the most expensive sports car toyota has. Whereas with the Z you remember that there is a higher option (the GTR) but you couldn't afford it.
Dude I would not take this baby for a spin around Kyiv…
I love that interiors have that glossy plastic look, the only downfall is how fucking easily they scratch :/ I detail cars, and no matter how much you try, you WILL NOT be able to keep those parts safe. Ugh..... I try so hard to keep our clients cars clean so they can get in and drive away from the body shop happy. The cleaner the interior? The less nit picking the customer does on the outside. I am THE most ESSENTIAL part of a body shop. I absolutely LOVE restoring cars to bran new!
Car looks god awful. Why spend 50k on this. Get a supra instead
Look I feel like this is gonna be a flop compared to the 350-370 z the cost I feel like kills the way the z is usually seen is the cheaper fun drifter this is an expensive Mf and with fewer changes than I would have expected at least and don’t get me wrong 400hp is pretty nice but we all know of 20 people that modded their Z with 500+ so
@ 13:43 mark, notice the stitching on the door panel. Ewww
The design screaming saying that the designers are underpaid.
Knowing how well Nissan does with twin turbo V6's, I almost feel sorry for the competition in the coming years.
Ew, not a fan of the front design.  Grill looks terrible, but taillights looks sweet
Unacceptable interior for $50k
This is a BEAUTIFUL design! So pretty to look at!  Also. It's amazing how a 2013 C Class or GLK (not the best interior Mercedes has ever built) puts this interior to shame. I know they're designed for different things, but even the screen in the old Mercedes looks better. There are a few minor things that are better just because it's a newer car, but still shocking.
No style looks years old sick sick.
Nigga wtf 50k .....
I've driven several older zs from the 80s up to the 370z.  I've liked all of them but never bought one.  This generation may be the one I pull the trigger on.  I actually like the looks of the sport better in that silver and almost bubble hatch.   The 370 sounded really nice but just didn't have enough power for me...twin turbo should fix that issue.
MUST,...GROW,...MULLET
They did a test on the New Nissan Z vs the Supra.   The Supra smashed it.
Horizontal. I know I'm late to the party.
Ugly car. Nothing about this turd is appealing to me.
Is it me, or does this Z just look 'fat'?
Great review.  I read somewhere quite a while back that the chrome trim piece that runs along the top of the roof to the rear hatch is supposed to resemble a Japanese Samurai sword.  Don’t know if that’s accurate or not, but I sort of see the resemblance.
All those homages to the 300z but still no T-top?
Savagegeese are too underrated. They are making some of the best car videos around. Give them your support. They truly deserve it. @
Very informative video thx for sharing
While I obviously haven’t seen or heard it in person, from all of the videos I’m glad you’ve pointed out how bad it seemingly sounds…that’s certainly disappointing, but hopefully something that could be somewhat remedied by an aftermarket exhaust.
Its hilarious how little I care about all gas vehicles now after getting a plug in hybrid. I kinda feel bad for gas vehicle sales in future.
Doug, Doug, Doug...  You need to watch the Hagerty video of the Z v Supra v Mustang.  The Z (an automatic version) gets handed its lunch by the other 2!  Then a race between the Z auto and a manual Z and the 6 speed Z gets its doors blown off by the auto version.  You may need to reassess your views of the Z compared to the Supra (which was in a dead heat with the Mustang).  Oh, and I personally hate the grill on the new Z.  Sorry...
Looks like a Jag F-type.
That gas door...yikes 😳.  Might as well call it a 3 door hatch.
Thank the Japanese car gods they didn’t put a stupid electronic E-brake like everyone else is doin
The Z32 is the most special car for the reason that its the only Japanese sports car from the 90s that Doug haven't reviewed and he will never do
The front looks unbalanced with that giant grill. Compare it against the older examples where the grill was prominent but it was proportional to the front of the car. This one is just huge, and adding chrome didn't address that problem, it only highlighted it, drawing even more attention to it.  Not a great looking car. It's just disproportional and unbalanced all throughout the front half.
Am i the only one who finds this car hideous? It has this really ugly rectangular grill that doesnt fit with the rest of the design
steering wheel is wayyy too big.
"vertical" ovals (taillights)
I personally prefer the look of the 370 more but I guess I understand they were going for more of a throwback design.
How is a 3.7L NA V6 *significantly* worse for the environment than a 3.0L TT V6 with more horsepower? I think the new engine is way cooler, but I don’t think I understand.
This car looks SO much better when it’s not in that yellow-green
I absolutely hate the stupid pointy roofline, but otherwise this is a home run. I just hope they sell well.
3300 lbs is a lot for a 2-seater
"Buy buy 4 cylinder Supra" 😂
Fuel door looks like a Porsche
300zx looks on the back for sure!
Be nice if brands didn't use there luxury brands like all these brands to test engines....
its frikin ugly
New Fairlady Z look like to simbiote Z33, Z34 design + Z32 design
Fire in all silver!
I swear Doug is like a car enthusiast version of Sheldon Cooper.
Car sounds like a civilians cars from gta
why is no one talking about a square front grill!! it looks soo odd otherwise beautiful rear end
Easy mods to do for this car  1. Coil overs or adustibles  2.get some wheel with hood fitment   Will make it look tuff as
Just cancelled premium... will i miss the constant censorship? NOPE
I think he mistakens vertical and horizontal. Haha we found him a flaw
Doug is the type of guy to have a pair of shoes for inside the house
One day we’ll get the 400z as of rn we got it with the 350Z 🤘🏿🤘🏿🤘🏿
17:10 to 17:15 made me uncomfortable
I can’t be the only one that thinks the rear of this car looks absolutely atrocious right?
Doug, i think the word you're looking for is "horizontal" :P Love your work dude. Keep kicking ass.
Too bad about this car...an opportunity missed by Nissan
Not vertical its horizontal
I actually like the look of the sport model more than the performance model.
Intro: Doug is nature boy   Promo: Doug becomes REVERB MAN.. MAN.. MAN.. MAN..
the menu is the home screen dummy look at the icon
They took away all the sexy curves and boosted the specs. . .meh🤷🏻‍♂️
When you drive a manual……… You ARE the sport mode!!!
This car is going to be popular in russia.
She's gorgeous and its design feels like a mix between different Z models. Side and front show classic 240z minus the bumper and the taillights feel like a 300ZX
Funny how as soon as the video starts Doug does a sponsorship for cars and bids and he’s next to a Supra… aka the car the 400z couldn’t kill 😂 iykyk
I need this Z after watching this video
Memo to Subaru - this is how you pay homage to the sports car that helped put you on the map.  Not with that crap you pulled with the new WRX.
Today we learned that Doug doesn't know the difference between vertical and horizontal... :p 8:06
You’re off your wagon if you think this thing looks better than a C8 Doug.
Thissss
Its super bland, round headlights would at least make it look different than the previous gen one.
Wait is Doug bulking up a bit?💪
Is this NISSAN has any thing to do with Putin, you know letter Z
This or an R33 Skyline GTR?
Akuma no Zetto 💙
Anyone else getting strong WonkaVision vibes with that Cars & Bids spot at 0:28? “Am I coming in clea-yar?”
Another great review Doug! I did not hear you mention ride comfort and or road manners.  I have a GTI and am looking to move up to something like this Z but I live in New England with bumps and potholes. I watch for them like crazy but still somehow hit them and when I do its a terrible slam! Have already broken 2 wheels (in 3 years).  I'm looking for a more solid and refined ride that absorbs bumps without slamming.  Can you speak to that?  Thanks!
It will be a great daily to buy in 3-4 years
this thing is ugly AF
Should’ve been a sub 3000lb car. Nissan dropped the ball building this car.
Vertical ovals? I see horizontal ovals
The rear end is far from 300zx. More like 200sx from the 90's.
This car is ugly AF. Don't sell your older one , Its about to go up in price.
Looks amazing, but Nissan’s quality is trash nowadays.
Any other Canadians cringing at the gratuitous use of 'zee' ? Lol
What were they thinking with that exterior silver trim piece above the door on every color?
Kinda bummed Doug didn't know about the sound noise reduction only on the manual. Another reviewer showed the sound difference in the transmissions and the automatic sounds amazing. They also showed the auto bring a good bit faster in the 1/4, probably due to the longer gears.
Horizontal *
Sooooo satisfying you also post picture of the past resemblances references in the same time you talk about them, for me is so comforting. gg
As a 350Z guy I am impressed by how much of the interior harks back the original 350Z.
I’m lovin the back view of that car
Russian military car
Sorry Doug.  you lost me when you said Retro and early 2000s design….   Retro is when the year starts with a 19..  :p
The derrière of this car is so appealing, pair that with the functional no nonsense interior and it still feels like a sports car you could have been driving in the 1980s.  Unique curvature and hearkening back to the earlier designs...not naturally aspirated but overall looks like an amazing sports car to zip around in!  That silver-brushed steel Z shown I almost found more appealing than the one getting the review, hope to see one of these on the road!
I really would love to have this car but it’s honestly overpriced. Forget the Supra, compare the 40k base to a 34k LT1 or a 37k GT which both have 450hp. Or compare the 50k performance to a 42k GT Premium or 2SS. Those are better buys.
sounds like absolute dogshit
They came at Toyota's (Supra's) throat with this car.
Nissan did really well on this car 👏
Wow. If Quentin Tarantino's thing were cars instead of old movies...
8:04 "large vertical ovals"?? Doesn't Doug mean "elongated horizontal ovals"??
What's next,the 470Z?
Turbo speed gauge is pointless.
The Menu screen is the Home screen
After watching this, I'm so grateful I went ahead and purchased my '22 GR Supra.  To respond to Doug, no way does that car look better.  I'll continue turning all the heads in my tuned 3.0, but thanks.
Hey, really like yr videos. But the camera quality in interior feels very poor...
I bet this would sell well in Russia.
For the price, it's good. The interior plastics look super cheap, but, it makes sense and is alright.
For some reason the Supra is smoking the z with less power tho. Hate to say that cause the z is far more interesting to me then a bmw
Man that interior looks cheap as hell. The hard plastic that makes up the center console looks like its out of an econobox
Tesla in the front SVX in the back
$10k between packages seems excessive with no engine upgrade.
Doug your the coolest humble millionaire 😎
Vertizontal perhaps...
No it's not...Aston Martin lookin ass....
V6 turbo? No thanks I’ll pass on that blown head gasket issue
That 400hp is a great move.  I agree that the sound from the engine is abysmal. I'm not usually a guy that puts exhausts on cars, but this car neeeeeeeeeeds something in that department. Aftermarket to the rescue!  That said, I think this car will do well and if the bottom end can hold hp upgrades, I'd expect the tuner market to adopt it easily, especially as used ones show up in several years.
The new Supra never did anything for me style wise.  It's to much of a departure from previous models.  In my opinion the Z is definitely a Supra killer.
Don't know why Americans have nature like that if car has everything it still wouldn't become a point of appreciation , though , non feature loaded cars will be compared to full fledged features car and often criticised . What are you expecting in 40,000 dollar car duh a Maybach?
Is it suitable for tall drivers over 6 feet tall?
The chrome ‘Katana blade’ is pretty cool in a Japanese way.
That motor sounds way better than that annoying screaming trumpet
Boring as bat shit
Zed !!! Like the alphabet,,,eX , Y,,,ZED !!!
Spot on on some of those design details. Hate the throwback to early 2000’s door handle and not too keen on the cheap looking metal trim cant rail. They really just give the car a bit dated look - not retro, dated. Fuel door is just silly. Haven’t seen it in reality yet but in every photo and video the impression is those wheels aren’t enough to hold that visual mass. The gap between tire and arch is massive, and especially in the rear the fitment is not great. Compare that to latest 911s and you see the difference. Little things like this improved and it would be on the next level. Of course you can swap new rims on it but some other brands don’t leave these things to customers.
The parking brake lever is straight from the 350z
9 speed auto seems like it will be quicker then a 6 speed manual.
Not sure why people referred to it as a 400z. The number has always stood for engine displacement
Nissan, very bad idea names the car Z while Russians label their tanks with the Z on the Ukrainian battlefields.
solche Autos sind überhaupt nicht zeitgemäß in Zeiten von Spritsparen, weniger Emissionen,   und dann solche Autos,  völlig daneben sind diese, obendrein sind diese Autos nicht praktisch und brauchen zuviel Platz da zu lang. Von Sprit verbrauch und den zu hohen Emissionswerten noch gar nicht gesprochen. Ein  NO GO  !!!
I love everything about this car. Between this, the GR Corolla, and GR 86, I have have had so much joy and hope for the automotive industry once again.
You are by far the best at what your doing Mr Doug. Number 1 reviewer.
I did NOT like this car when I saw it at the philly auto show.  But soon after I fell in love with the new old school styling. I guess I just didn't see it at first then boom. It all clicked.
Im very happy to see a manual transmission is still an option!
russians will appreciate this new nissan
Looks like a fake GTA V sports car. Ugly as fuck.
Looks amazing for the price, but that exhaust gotta go
Wheels to small for car. How do these things pass muster, seriously! & OMG, it don't get more lame than those half assed taillights/reflectors situation, why not just continue the light across?????? And it sounds like a 4cly n/a golf, lame.
If only Honda took notes from Nissan when they brought back the Integra....... puts a bad taste in my mouth calling it an Integra   its a 2 door ILX with a face lift
Vertical?
Nissan did to the Z what we wanted Toyota to do to the Supra
Doug is the type of guy who would pitch his website in an echo cave...
Rear sent good
I would kill for a modern z. They are limiting their “audience” to hobbyists.
All im hearing is this car isnt a porsche. no 💩. who has GT3RS money, but goes out and buys a nissan
The right gauge has always been the battery voltage
Will be there are version with normal analog gauges? Not a screens i can't stand. All day working with computers, developing stuff, it's pretty annoying to have big screens starring at you at night. At least it's not horrible as the cheap ones with horrible low frequency strobe used by the germans.
I can remember where I was the first time I saw a 240Z, on 1970 or 71. I was very young then and I have never owned a Z.
They are horizontal tail light ovals Doug.  For some inexplicable reason, you persist in referring to them as vertical.
I'm not digging it at all. No styling just plain ugly, HP is disappointing compared to today's new cars.
Really? Are legends really revived with stinky internal combustion engines?
Horizontal
That front bumper and headlights are horrendous 🤢
That paint is awful, look at the peel 😂
Awesome Review! 💯
those lights are Horizontal bro.
This car could have been cool if they didn't make it so ugly, 50k for an outdated interior and horrendous exterior, no thanks.
Anyone else thinking of swapping the cupholder console into the 370?
8:53 OMG! LOVE THE SPORT
i don't see anybody mentioning how the roof line/side profile of the car looks very similar to the 240... so sexy
The screen on the dash looks old from 20 years ago.
The sport modell showed in the video is gorgeous!
Bye bye 4 cyl supra 😂
Z32 tt, classic lines compared to this garbo.
When I saw the camera i said I'll wait 2 years lol
This car looks incredibly cheap looking for 40 grand
Doug is the type of guy that would buy a ford excursion for himself and daily drives it during the high gas prices
Can't wait to slam it with a muffler delete
Amazing they looked so good for such a short time in the 90’s. And like that for so long since.
With the Supra and Z back in the game, we need Mazda to play along with a competitive sports car. I doubt it'll be rotary considering emissions (unless matched with electric motors) but with the new inline 6's coming out, if they turbo one for sports car purpose, it would fit the bill. Honda has the Type R Civic and the [soon to be discontinued] NSX. It'll be nearly like the good old early/mid 90's. With electrification on the near horizon and the lower numbers of consumers buying sports cars, I think this is the last hurrah for internal combustion sports car wars.
It’s car mode is “100% of the car I bought”
It looks like a Miata in a fat suit
Z roadster????!!!!
put red paint on it and it is lightning McQueen  ka-chooooow!!!
think the analog gauges can help in case the digital screen goes
Im glad it has a manual option!
20:53
I like how people talk about the 370 being long in the tooth because the platform that came out in 2009, but those same people seemingly ignore the GTR... that came out in 2007.
Is that a Volkswagen steering wheel? It looks identical to the one in the Golf GTI/R
How come factory turbo cars don’t come with blow off valves?
This looks like what a logical progression in car design would have produced at this point in time, rather than the cookie cutter cars we mostly find on the roads today! Thanks for this in-depth review Doug!
Is Doug related to Jay Leno ?
Well… this is a nice car! Too bad i can’t have it in europe
a wonderful redesign over that ugly 370z... yech
Glad I still have my 06 350Z. This design is a FrankenZ of some of the worst features of them all.
Hey Doug, on a scale of 1 to 10, your voice is cat diarrhea.
The shape or design of those little ovular scutcheons in the front grille looks to me as though it gets subtly picked up again in the taillight assemblies.  Do any of y'all see what I mean?  I find it odd the D. Demuro didn't note that in this review.  Otherwise typical Doug thoroughness.
I like the looks of the 370Z. I do like the interior on the new one. I like the new engine. But the prototype had a better looking front end. I also dont like the Chrome strip on the top. I also wish that instead of the Nissan badge, that they replaced it with a z badge. The mustang doesn't have Ford badges on it. It would have looked cleaner that way.  If I got one of these I get the base model and buy parts from Z1 Motorsports. I have a G37S and if I had to do it over again I probably would have gotten a Q50, cuz I like to look better and then modified it how I want. The updated brake rotors can be had for 800 or less. I doubt they need any special modification to install. They have updated two-piece rotors which are lighter than factory for about 250 a corner. For the limited slip you can buy one used for about $250 or get something better for 1k
It's quirky that those vertical tail lights look very horizontal.
I like that there are no drive modes. A proper sports car only has one mode: Sport mode.
Although I see the resemblance of the 240z and 300zx, looks gorgeous but it also looks like if jaguar and Subaru came together this would be the result.
LOL! first time watching a Doug video in quite some time.... is he all coked up? slow down bro
just get a used 911, this thing is pointless
Man I didn't know Blippy did car reviews. Man of many talents
i like this car but you can get over 400hp on a single turbo 4 cylinder in the type r lol. i expected more from a twin turbo.
zupra is dog shit jokes.   Nissan can do what toyota cant lol
Get a cool sounding turbo blow off and that thing will sound amazing
Doug actually using a towel for his knee. No more dirty knees lol.
I'd still rather have a Vette. Nice car though.
Why does it sound like you're in a warehouse?
no one caught the toyota has told us remark at 2:37
that stitching on the door....
The way it should be 3 pedals
It kinda looks a little like Austin Martin vanquish.
shouldve called it 420z, oh well lol
Thought the awkward silver stripe was meant to symbolise a katana?
I have never seen someone lurch forward so much and so many times when reviewing anything. Well gestures in general
i was conceived in a z and now own a z32. this is a dream car i may have in 30 years.
I'm honestly impressed with the design Nissan chose. While I do like the old 350 and 370Z, this looks much closer to the old Datsun Zs without trying too hard to look equally modern, which is something I feel the new Supra is guilty of. It's a nice break from the flood of SUVs you see nowadays.
This is a no bs, back to basics sports car. I love it.
They need to do a new 1969 Datsun 2000 Convertible now too
Very cool, glad to have some competition! With that being said, I'm really happy I went with the Supra. Much nicer interior, and I prefer the exterior styling of the Supra. To each their own!
Go buy a high resolution camera at best buy
I’m really disappointed with the interior. Lacking allot of stuff . It’s pretty much a 370z interior with an aftermarket steering wheel and head unit.
Almost everything looks good. Love the manual and the hand-break lever! Only complaint would be the interior already looks dated (and cheap looking) and the car just came out....
I've always loved the 300zx twin turbo over the Toyota Supra. I really liked the layout of the interior , which felt like a cockpit,  and the exterior looks sexy on the 300zx. This Z is a good competitor to the Supra still. I love toyota and I love older Nissans (before Renault) and Nissans sport cars. Z's and GTR's. As for Nissan clutches, I've upgraded all my Nissan clutches. The factory ones leaves a lot to be desired. I remember my first Nissan Hardbody pickup truck I grenaded the clutch while still under the factory warranty and the dealership actually said the same thing about the clutch and had an upgraded replacement at no cost and never had issues with it since.
This car looks beautiful
It's ugly as hell tho. No style at all
Fifty years ago, it’s what we would’ve imagined a Z would look like in fifty years. I like it.
18:01 "You don't have a dedicated home screen" *Presses the menu screen*
Didn't like the 350. Didn't like the 370. Still don't like this car lol. GTR all day
Now I wait for an LSX swap.
The new name of this car probably won't be well received in Europe due to Russian invasion of Ukraine...
ZzzZZZZZZzz...Z>Z.z..Z... ;
Horizontal
IT HAS A HAND HANDBRAKE ! YEAHHH !!!!!!!!! Smart Japanese !
Older model is beautiful. this one not so much.
Everyone talks about the hp of these cars, yet never mentions the weight. At 3500 lbs, this car needs at least 100 more hp to be competitive. I drive a MkV GTI That I have reduced to 2937 lbs. at 375 hp with a KO4, tune and coil overs , I have a car that will out perform this car all day long. Less than 10,000 invested. Buy a good condition used car like a Miata, spend 8,000 on good mods, and drive a serious sports car.
This car has all the potential to take over the small sports car market (granted it is rather small these days) if it wasn’t for one thing… the price. The performance model being 50k is outrageous when you look at what it’s up against in that price range. it could easily surpass the Miata and Supra but starting at 50k? way too expensive. The price will absolutely be this cars downfall
16:12 the Miata...
It seems that Nissan put the money where it needs to go - suspension, engine, wider chassis, more rigid chassis, great RAYS wide wheels, etc. - keeps performance super high - interior is good but not impressive - if it had an Infiniti interior it would probably be another 5K - overall a winner - manual is only option for the true sports car enthusiasts.
Nissan did a great job here of reminding the world if you listen to the consumer you will be successful.  Toyota needs to pay attention!  A confused BMW Supra never should have been a thing IMO and wrecked the legacy of the name Supra.
They made the car look so beautiful this is my dream car
Much prefer the grey one. However, talking of grey: The grey interior is just awful. They should have taken darker materials and go for a more '70s vinyl look rather than an '80s Corvette/Viper plastic look.
THIS is the review I was waiting for
Too short, ...
It's pretty ugly except the rear of it
looks like a dodge viper
Is there gonna be a convertible???
I'm a bit torn on the 400Z. It looks great... from the back. The front is a Peugeot mouth.
To Doug parallel to the horizon means vertical apparently.  He probably describes the the Empire State building as a large, horizontal structure.
This vehicle is straight to the point, no gimmicks.  Just shut up and drive like a man, manual style.
This vehicle is straight to the point, no gimmicks.  Just shut up and drive like a man, manual style.
I really did not like the car I would stick to the 370z
Looks like a 370z with a better engine and some visual changes
Its faster than the Supra but in all the press races it keeps losing. Spins off the launch then keeps up. Ships with crappy tires and no launch control unlike the Supra. If it had the same Michelins, no doubt it would win. Z/G clutch situation has always been problematic. RJM got us covered.
You're killin' me, Doug! Horizontal, not vertical!
Is that a russian tank?
So Nissan basically told you their customers hoon around in the Z car. Sounds legit
Horizontal
horizontal, not vertical lights.
Doug's quirks and features: Calls horizontal ovals "vertical ovals". Pronounces 'font' like 'fawnt". Just busting your chops, Doug!
Don't know why you keep switching with not 'commenting' on the scores individually, but I always thought that was a cool segment of your channel, would love to see it back! Still like your videos though! :D
Finally a car that looks like a car
This is a real Nissan, not a BMW disguised in a strange party dress.
The way you talk and your awkward movements definitely throw the video off.
Nissan forgot the T- Tops
Aftermarket turbos and pop off valves will offer plenty of spectacle. 😁
Doug is the kind of guy that doesn't know the difference between vertical and horizontal.
Manual transmissions are so much fun, so cool that Nissan included that as an option! Something I wish Toyota should’ve at least offered
The stock exhaust system is terribly quiet. There are a lot of aftermarket exhausts for the Q50/60 VR30 that’ll probably make small changes to fit the new Z. With downpipes and an exhaust, it sounds pretty awesome
Doug is the type of guy who actually saves some puss for the rest of us.
Horizontal ovals…
Phonetically how do you pronounce Zoo.  Just wondering...?
the cars and bids segment is ok with me, just film it elsewhere so we do not get that much echo
That the Proto is limited to 240 cars could be a Easter Egg too.
Biggest drawback is it isn’t coming to Europe so f it
Z
7:58 Horizontal (300 ZX' tail lights) 8:06 Vertical (New Z presence lights) 8:14 Vertical (New Z brake lights) 8:19 Vertical (New Z turn signal)  Doug, great video! I am just glad to see Nissan come back to a sports car 😁
A retro throwback to the early 2000s. Ouch
i kinda like the wheels on the lower spec version better, but that wheel gap it's a sport car not an suv eww. Edit whaat does the new supra come with a 4 cylinder what did they think about
I really prefer the Z better.
Its like a "best hits" version of all Zs so far. Definitely in my top 5 cars from the last few years.
*horizontal
So literally ALL of the drawbacks are things that a) can be reasonably easily replaced (exhaust, shifter, clutch) and b) are likely to be changed out in the NISMO version.
The interior of that Nissan is tacky plastic for tacky plastic people.
@Doug - Check your definition between Vertical and Horizontal. 🤣
The old model looks better
I hope Nissan made some changes to the VR30 motor for this car ! Having been in the Q50 world for a few years now and hearing about the turbos and motor nightmares people have been encountering under normal driving conditions, I can only imagine what’s going to happen when it’s on a platform made to be driven hard and beat on. I hope I’m wrong but i think reliability will be an issue relatively early it’s it’s launch.
Zed.
I really like it and quite frankly I would be totally happy with the base model because I've always liked cloth seats over leather.  And as a truck driver of 25 years I actually like a clutch with some pushback,  I feel like I can modulate it better.  But the big bummer To me is from the outside it looks like it has a targa top but from the inside it doesn't. If it doesn't have a Targa top it would be nice if they would offer a sunroof.
19” looks small n the well
“Vertical” must mean something different in Doug’s world.
This exact tune on new z https://youtu.be/4UCFscTqwu0
Amaizing
Awesome
How does a v6 twin-turbo only make 400hp and still sound like a rice cooker.  Thats the amazing part.  What's the mpg 14/19?
I just love this car. From all new sports car this is definitely my favorite, it has a soul!
Wish the made a awd version but this is good
Hands down the ugliest Z car ever made.
Supra killer confirmed.
The rear also reminds me of the s14
I just LOVE how they designed it after the original Z. It looks incredible.
That's a really small car.
this guy is so annoying
The camera in the back kinda looks cool if you see as a throwback to an old car key lock. Kinda looks like it!
idk why people buy these slow cars lol
Z just like the Russain military invading Ukraine!
Any bets on how long until someone 2J swaps it?
from a side view it looks like lightning mcqueen
the roof slant is giving me a headache already
Awesome review, but why does he keep calling the taillights “vertical”?
Eh. It looks too short or something. I much prefer the styling of the 350 over this.
This is proof that companies still understand how to create a fun, and beautiful platform. It’s a shame more companies aren’t producing fun manual transmission sports cars such as this, or the GR86/BRZ.
What a bad naming for 2022 maaaan it ruins everying(
Horizontal not vertical rear tail lights
Eight seconds from Beauty to Disgust 0:20 Beauty 0:28 WTF
Thanks for score 62 it should be 75
Z  ... oh boy ...after the war this is not going to go well. Flip it and call it N ... you know ...from ni..
Pure petrol, manual transmission. Dream car man.
Doesn't understand the difference between vertical and horizontal. LOL
You mean 'horizontal', of course, where the lights are concerned. Sorry to be THAT guy!
BLAH.....again Nissan. The styling of this car just doesn't have the wow factor in today's market that the early 90s Twin Turbo Z did back in the day.  Granted the performance, technology, and amenities are far superior, as a z enthusiast it doesn't excitement me at all.
Car is boring looking
This car needed the original headlights. They were iconic to the design.
that google street view feature is fucking incredible
hi Doug , I'm from Kazakhstan,🇰🇿. take a test drive  , Mercedes SLR stirling moss👍
Z
Isn't the drive mode selection controlling how the transmission shifts for the most part? So not needed for manual transmissions.
I already got 4, for my employees
I hate that they showcased a good looking front bumper on the new Nissan Z Custom. I really want to buy this car but that huge front grill on the first release models is an obstacle for me.
Horizontal my good man. Horizontal.
we wanted lime green colored one to be reviewed...
0:28 the voice of God
i don't mind the rear camera being "bad" nor the lack of 360 view and all that. I guess it makes for a more old school feel, and i love that :D
400hp at the crank not the wheels
I LOVE the 3-dial climate controls. Far too many newer vehicles have either buttons the change the climate control, or have it tied into the infotainment screen. Both of which are needlessly complicated and far more likely to cause issues with taking your eyes off the road to find the correct button to change the dang temperature. 3-dial climate control is the best, and simplest way to implement climate control.
Hey Doug how was your date : Doug oh I had to check her Quirks & Features then take her out for a ride then I gave her a Doug score😂🤣😂
the design looks like modern done right, like without all the tacky stylistic designs made to make a car looks modern.
idk how I feel about the grill, and the back looks weird, I don't like it 🤔
The mx5 Nd doesn't have drive modes
Meanwhile Toyota is beating panels on a BMW 🤣
A modern Z car that doesn't sound like a trumpet? 👀
27:59   That's the 'Money Shot' face right there.
Horizontal
Wednesday I saw a 280Z in pristine condition driving about. It was a thing of beauty.
Why does this fee like a paid ad?
this has a lot of "z" love, i like it
This car is just perfect. i want to buy one.NOW. I really hope they come to europe tho
The Renault Espace 4 minivan had a 3ltr engine from the nissan 350 Z. Absolute craze for a muh-puh-vuh, but it suited the styling also.
Douglas...shut up and drive
I can buy it right now at installments but that would be financially stupid.
Nice looking
Nice looking
There should be an AWD option.
doesn’t look good
I was gonna buy a Z but then it didnt have automatic steering...... And I was hoping I to have that.......
I want one ...!
The Car back Remembered me 180sx model.
I've held off watching this. As I can't buy one here in ole blighty....  Shame.
Maaaan now I don’t know if I should get a q50 or that 400z I wanted a little bit of luxury and sporty so idk
Not a Nissan fan but hp and tq numbers compare to 911. Nissan missed out big time design wise on rear. Should have been some modern light bar brake lights and light bar going across the full back. Still hoping for ANY manufacturer that has a horizontal light bar that goes up and down or gets lighter and darker based on the RPM.
Silver rectangle was there in the prototype, it’s just it was painted in black so no one noticed
i like it
You must do video 300zx z32
I'm curious which Z cars from the 2000 is Doug talking about when he mentions the sound. Most of the 350/370 with te VQ sound like trumpets lol
Even though the platform is old, it’s an amazing platform that’s extremely rigid and strong
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Yaaas just finished video and dam we should definitely be impressed!! I want one!
Doug the type of guy to listen to TikTok Radio
Lol, for a guy who drives a 2012 Prius C, this thing looks, performs, and sounds great.
Bmw Supra is dead, but watch out for that mad thing called GR Corolla/Yaris
I really wish it had cooled seats, a more modern interior and a better rear view camera but other than that it looks great.
Well at least the new engine isn't neutered when it comes to torque compared to last.. So they downsize with twins and gain 50 h.p. . I'm not sold on a $40k+ car with less power then faster better   and more powerful cars?
I've been waiting on this car duggie omg lets gooo!!!! I havent even made it 5min in the video and had to drop this comment!!
Dude, you've been doing this too long to be using such horrible echo in your ads.
I want the yellow automatic one ☝️ 😍🔥🔥
I really like this car, and that’s coming from an American muscle guy.
same ole boring ass shape, no innovation since 300zx. so many parts from the 2005 altima lol wow nissan is really trying to sell you plebs this piece of plastic crap. everything in the interior is the same boring cheap grey plastic. looks soooo cheap!  fucc boys will this shit though
Looks ugly
Ugl
This car is seriously badass.
Is it me or do the rims look under sized. But still the car looks pretty 😍
Hold up, Dave....you missed the most important comparison between the Z and the Supra.... Does the Z wind buffet with the windows down? :D
Yeah... It's been put against a supra already, supra is faster. I think mainly due to the way the supra puts down the power easier.
Dealers won't let it go for anything less than $15k over sticker.
Honestly I think the battery voltage indicator is actually one of the most useful gauge in the car lol
From a side view, it looks like a new version of an LFA. Jmo
Hey, I don’t like It, but at least Nissan actually built this car themselves.  As a Toyota fangirl I am still burned
Looks like a Miata
Buy the Z..Upgrade the turbos..Get a Tune.. Run E85 ..Bigger fuel injectors.. Totally kill that Sunpra!
rear looks like 240z
Doug..How does the new Z stack against a S550 Mustang GT Premium?
Lack of Driving Aids?  It’s a Z car, you don’t need aids!
5:18 Is that a dent on the hood? Right next to the division line, also looks like the paint has chipped away.  8:24 I am already forseeing tuners making those reflectors into fog lights or something else.  Nice car, let's see if Nismo launches its own version.
Am I the only person not impressed at all with this car???
AWD Z would been kool
Is it just me that finds the sports model better looking??
Same crap interior.
17:07 - her first time
nissan nailed it as usual. dont understand how toyota dont get it that new supra had to look like an old supra, just new.
Tried but just can't listen to this guy
horizontal ovals
dog dejewwwwwww
I like it! I do wish they had left the concept model as an actual 3rd option though, I really like the look of it.
almost feel like the backup camera was supposed to be a throw back for a key hole to open the trunk.
It looks a decade old
they could have used the 3. gauge as  a nice analog watch
The quality of that plastic is making my eyes bleed. 50k for this, no Thank you.
Don't use this jack a s s cars and bids. He rejects perfectly good cars in excellent condition.
0:28 WHOA
1.2 mill views in 3 days? Very highly anticipated
The clunky infotainment screen and back up camera are disappointing. The exhaust and shifter are easy to modify.
You buy the supra because it stands out. The is simplistic like a z should be. The supra catches the eye regardless if you like it or not.
I think Nissan really nailed the design here. I hope if Nissan makes an R36 GTR, they borrow some design cues from the older models
Doug's been working out.
Love the new Z. Z>Supra.  Can we get a Honda S3000 ? It'll be the JDM comeback.
with that kind of money i rather get a used corvette
I love them both 🫶🏾 bravo 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾 Nissan
Well, it's a Z. It's a sports car. As a true car guy, It's unfair to bash it for not having "driver aids".  Don't even want lane departure. Who wants that when they're sliding in and out of lanes🙂.  One who wants cup holders and fancy crap in their sports car should stick to the POS European cars (that will need engine rebuild at 70,000 miles 🤣🤣🤣).   The battery gauge is useful. Carries on the "Z" tradition. It's purpose built.  Don't care about the rear camera, the infotainment system cus Just gonna drop an Android unit in it anyways😃.  Don't want electronic parking brakes and all the other luxury crap to increase weight. The side brake Nissan used in it is great cuz people wanna yank that thing😃. Well I'm sure Nissan used that exhaust to meet regulations especially in places like California. Nissan already knows that exhaust replacement will be the first thing owners will replace. I'm sure the engines will sound great. Can't wait to hear one. Just saying though. What do you think about this review of a true sports car (by today's standard)???
I'll take that AWD Infinity please tyvm.
prominent volt meter is great for multiamp stereo systems
All Things Considered would you recommend the Nissan Z or the Toyota Supra?
Wish they’d bring back the 2+2 configuration, granted it was only ever good for children and other vertically-challenged individuals lol
THIS! Looks exactly like the same chassis as the 370z, the Japanese got a little lazy for the first time on this one ☝️
Man I need this one📢📢📢📢📢🔊🔊🔊🔊🔊 Subscribe to TheLamboShow y'all 🙌🏿🙌🏿🙌🏿🙌🏿🙌🏿🙌🏿🙌🏿🙌🏿
Nissan took themselves out of the conversation for me at 10yrs ago. I will say though that they’ve nailed it with the appearance of this Z.
Under that gas door for storing drugs or a Saturday night special.
Cool car, but unfortunately car manufacturers got bat shit crazy with making cars that small. 280 lbs 6.4 here.....It will be a challenge to get in and out of this shoebox.
Doug looks like a giant leaning on the back of the Z
Bring back the real “Doug Score” 😡
The instrument cluster, steering wheel and shifter look nice but I cant help but feel that for over 50,000 USD the switchgear should be a little nicer, it really does look outdated and id imagine it would feel outdated too.  Newer switchgear from a different modern nissan or infiniti would fit alot better and not increase cost that much.
That door stitching looks a bit low rent . Otherwise, nice car.
Nissan is "400 Hp crank" 400 Redsport motors dyno about 360 whp. While the "380 HP Crank" supras dyno about 370-380 whp.  So its not necessarily more power for less money.   But I will say "Base Z" is a better deal than a 4 cyl supra.
It's no accident that fuel door is as large as it would need to be to support a big CCS2 plug underneath.   Tooling up a rear fender quarter is very expensive.
the tail light elements are horizontal, not vertical like doug kept saying
This car looks sooo old. So bad on Nissan's part. They should have chosen big displays to attract more enthusiasts.
that spoiler-less silver variation looks so good. elegant and sleek.
Damn, that car sounds good.
Unfortunately this powertrain doesn't quite sound as good as the old naturally aspirated engine....  *TOMEI HAS ENTERED THE CHAT*
I like where the trunk button is at. Similar to my 350
I'm so happy this car is finally out. Maybe now the 370s will drop below  15k where they belong lmao
Need to update the C8. Wtf is this
for fast comment. 27:40 say it all =]]
i like 400z
I CAN GET AN AMG GTR FOR <$200K?!?!
Saw this at the Carlisle Import Show, followed up by some nice track action by a couple 370Zs (among others but those two shined in the corners)
Supra is a weird looking one but it does have a sense of occasion about it. The Z design looks more in like with more entry level sports cars like miata or brz
not even middle 2022 and already 2023 cars, what a scam
Stfu doug.. toyota looks far better
Should make a tuned Nismo version with 450hp
great review as always. :)
They could've made this car 5 years ago,  Whatever, better now than later.
[The Z is finally back.  This is what the last model should have been before Nissan went into the shitter]
This thing looks so good. Would be a great midlife crisis car for someone turning 50 this year (that's me, I'm talking about me).
Jesus….. that echo
Looks and sounds like an awesome car but will it be reliable? Are the old Z models reliable? I could pick up an old one one day but can't afford  now it as it is not an Uberable vehicle.
I think the grill was better before they gave it teeth
nice car but poor mpg...
I can't wait for the nismo model
This car is an overpriced PoS. Might be worth buying in 8 years. Maybe.
Nissan had to put a quiet exhaust on the manual to meet regulations, which are different for manuals than automatics. Government ruining everything as usual.
Doug, you should take a listen at the new Z with the Nismo exhaust option. Truly amazing.
that’s a good looking car. nissan finally did what ford did with the mustang. after a number of funky looking models the mustang and the new z look like mustangs and z’s
Love it. Except Russia has pretty much ruined the letter 'Z', so I guess this will have a hard time in Europe.
It makes sense that you can’t change modes in a manual it’s already sporty why drive like a regular car
Engine is more out a 90s 300Z TT the 204Z had an in-line 6, no turbos, The body is yes closer to the 1969 240 Z.
The rear end reminds me of an old mustang
It might be a stretch but, the new Z reminds me of an affordable Ferrari 599...
Where the Z31 owners at
Bravo, Doug! You made me crack up with your line about the angry Camry owner's V6 in traffic...
I want to get one and put the 370z motor in it and swap the front end bumper and headlights with the 370z one as well. The front end looks awful
I really hope it's not a pig.
Vertical means up and down, I think you meant Horizontal
Lots of comments talking about how great this car is and praising the "return of simplicity". The real question is - how much of that talk is fluff, and how many of ya'll will actually buy it?
*This is a purists' sports car* Those buying it don't want all the nannies
Now let's nake sure dealers don't scalp the price and kill the car how it happened to the Focus RS
Personally I like a lot more features from the proto then from the one we got, however, I am really happy with what we got.
holy shit the head bobing
Honestly, all the driver aids don’t really matter as long as it’s goes fast and can drift.
As one of my favourite car show host said: "Who needs drive modes? It's in your legs" Speaking of the Supra, according to the same guy, the 2l turbo Supra is actually better to drive. Yes, it has less horsepower, but the 4 cyl is lighter and has a better balance.
Toyota or Nissan … 🤔 Toyota and BMW performance or Nissan 🤔 hahaha what a hard decision
It needs t-tops...
This looks way better than the outgoing model. The design is really fantastic! The front resembles the aston martin.
@16:15 I think that's the point.  Nissan pushes back again modern performance to make a name for their own & I can appreciate it.  The S Mode @16:42 was introduced in the 370 as well, so that was carried over as well.  Great video!
Anyone else as bothered as I was when Doug said “vertical” like three times in a row when he meant to say “horizontal?”
Beautiful just Im gonna say  اللهم أرزقنا ياااا☝️ااارب
It's ugly
The new Z's front end looks like a dyslexic fish.
Really impressed with the stock power. It will be interesting to see how much people can safely ring out of these with performance mods
I sorta want a 370 now....
as a former V6 Camry driver I felt personally attacked at 30:11
Horizontal not vertical...@8:21
I love Nissan Z they’re phenomenal amazing cars. And I’m sure this models performance is amazing, but this new Nissan Z  look is ugly
The word vertical was used several times to describe things that are horizontal....
There are regulations around manual and exhausts that hurts the sound quite a lot. The auto sounds better.
I love that through all the adversity and the ever changing car market Nissan still says “ f it we’re sticking to what made us cool to begin with” all the other jdm legends are either replacing everything with EV’s and SUV’s or just leaving the market all together. So good on Nissan for keeping the jdm legends goin
really dislike the big rectangle; the vintage datsuns split the grill with a bumper which helps to break up this giant shape you can't not see.
THEY’RE NOT VERTICAL!!!!!!!
Ah yes, vertical ovals
Basically, just buy a used infinity Q60 red sport and save money. That’s what I came up with watching this video.
The real question is though, how happy is it banging off the rev limiter roasting tires for hours on end?? Z’s drift and are quite often bought/built just for that hobby, at least they kept the right E brake in there.
Having owned nearly every Z ever, this thing looks like dog water. The 370 headlights and tail lights were so gorgeous but this? This just looks like a basic ass normal car you buy a 16 yr old. I'll keep my 370. The people who will like this are the people who unironically spend $20k on a BRZ.
God I want this car. Unfortunately I doubt it would be anywhere near the MSRP.
16:35  GR86
I just know that this engine is gonna be so much easier to get power out of. I love the VQ so much but one thing about that engine is that it needs to be built to be pushin 6-7 hundred hp. I believe this Z should be easier to mod
Love it - never ever liked these vehicle remind me of the Audi TT but this revamp series is beautiful inside and out! I want one in 6 speed.
Think the roof should have been heightened a bit in the aft, but a great looking car.
The chrome bars i would make black ASAP!
The chrome bars i would make black ASAP!
This car so is ugly looking🤮
I really dig this. 🔥  wow my BMW has a 12v outlet in the passenger side also and I always wondered why they did that- now it makes sense. I use it for my dash cam btw
they shouldve taken the dual tip vertical exhaust from the 240z
50K? No thanks
Can u VW atlas sel r line premium please🙏🙏😭
Supra B58 is faster, already proven.
Не знал, что компания Nissan поддерживает спецоперацию на Украине...
Bit of a rip off of the Ferrari Roma.
District of Columbia? Really?
27:55 look how happy he looks .. that's why we love manuals hahaha
Is that the least responsive infotainment system on the market or what?
This is what the last two Z models should have looked like. Especially the door handle, which looked like part of a Gamecube.
I think the new Z looks more like the 350Z but with sharper edges
cant wait to see doug review a supra in a huge cathedral
Does anyone else think that the proportion of the rear wheels compared to say the wheel arch and the rest of the car looks a bit odd?
Anyone else getting tired of reviews on cars you can't have. Even if you can find one for sale it will be marked up at least 20 grand. Review 2 decade old econo boxes. That's all we can afford in biden's America.
This is like a my dream car. Its like everything is perfect for my spesifications
This thing needs an aftermarket exhaust it sounds like a v6 diesel.. not nissans fault ofcourse
A bargain at $40-50k?
50k huh? No thanks
I think most of us have seen the video of the Supra and Mach 1 Mustang beating this thing. It is a cool car though!
Car sounds very nice from the interior 👌,  bit I do wish it had more to it, like the old VQ's. A nice exhaust would really open that up
Day 43 of asking Doug to review a Subaru Legacy Spec B
How did you get 4 million subscribers ? It's kind of a torture to listen to you. Oh my god.......
Just me or is Doug Amber herding vertical and horizontal
The door handles ruin the car
Clutch thing is the same on manual mustangs. Fixed with pedal assistant spring removal
When my parents ask "where's all my money at?"  Me: 0:00
Can you please review Toyota Mark 2/Chaser JZX100
'Zed' not 'zee' ! Only North America says "zee" ! Aaargh, this was massively annoying. <sigh>
Putin likes this name.  :D
Хаха Z ну вы поняли да ;)
they put the 12v in a specific place for radar detectors 😂
This whole time Doug was Jay Leno's son and we had no clue.
Less driver aids... less shit to break down! As for those turbos.. even though it's 2022, I dare say it's worth letting your car idle for a few minutes after driving you Z around, let those turbo's cool off.. they should last a bit longer that way!
My dog stepped on a 🐝 then listen to 12:01
Need to leave your Doug score bs out… irrelevant
No no no Sftu once and for all Judt a other......read the brochure lol
The problem is the older models had dwindling sales and the question is if this will bring back buyers?  It is the same concept, a little more performace and being better than the supra - is it enough?
Sorry......I have owned several older Zs....... I think that car is butt ugly
2023？ Felt like 2013 tho...
I bought my 1st 350z aclp yrs ago, an I bin hooked on them ever sents! I'm on my 3trd Z now! I'm all Chevy power an American muscle , but they r super fun an fast! I am looking for a new toy an I must say, I'd still like 370z over this new Z!  I like the hips the 350-370z has 👍😎
Doug "Situation" Demuro
honestly. this car is incredibly ugly. front and especially the rear looks like crap. the exhaust sounds terrible stock too. its obviously only my opinion but i know im not alone.
Love the crap out of this car. Sad we aint getting it :(
Any sports car needs to be tested on a track to properly check out the dynamics. We are getting a heap of 'tests' like this which are fairly superficial although this is better than most.
$90k in Australia no thanks
absolutely vertical
Is it wrong that I genuinely hate the way this car looks from the front end but love the rear design?
That grey dash and steering wheel 🤮
The lack of drive modes seems to make sense. I'm imagining some old school Japanese engineer, perplexed at the mere asking of why that's not there... "It is sport car. ALWAYS sport mode".
I hope the r36 is based on the r32. The r35 is a pretty car don’t get me wrong but I don’t really like the design tbh. Same with the z. Gorgeous as hell just not my style unfortunately
This is vertical ↕️…… this is horizontal ↔️….. I think u meant to say,”large horizontal ovals”…. Unless My eyes are located in a vertical pattern on my face lol!! Im just playing around bored at 2:00a.m. So no disrespect meant
Z   <3    ; )
its insanely ugly and looks like a miata. .Shame on Nissan for this pile..
...or in the UK: 'ZED!'
Z
Zeeeeeeeeeeeeee
I feel like the supra is still better but it is quite a bit more expensive. Def makes me think that interior looks better imo
I want to see what it doesn't do in the Rain & Light Snow...?
That single trunk light bulb kind of kills it for me 😂 seriously Nissan can we get more light in the trunk since the 350z?
A Supra will smoke this car lol
Why couldn't they put the back up camera on the top half of the Nissan badge?
Z35 Nismo incoming in a few years!
oh no, I need it
this car is sure to be in the shop more than any other car in the segment
This car has endless capabilities 🤩
Am I the only one who thinks it looks bland and uninspired?
The long grey trim is Nissan's Katana blade/sword. I would prefer the Z over a base supra but thats about it. 😄
@8:06; I would have let it go if it was only once, but after 3 times, I gotta say… those tail light ovals are HORIZONTAL, my man, not ‘vertical’.  Buuuuuuuut, anyway…  Keep up the great work, Doug! 👏🏻
it sounds like a honda
Some nice little easter eggs from Doug. Great value in Australia at $73,000 AU for the performance version. The automatic gearbox could shift a bit quicker but love the old school points like the park brake and the three gauges. Hope they offer a NISMO catback exhaust as a dealer fitted option. Nissan tweaked the GTR over the years for the better let us hope they do the same thing with the Z .. A convertible would be great Nissan could do one relatively easily. I was dubious about the car at first but it has won me over.....👍
When he called it a tailgate lid
Dude it looks like a Toyota Supra new one had a baby with an MR3
I always want one of this cars but, I don’t like these new model
You can customize the menu screen to show what you want. It’s literally the Home Screen 🤦🏻
Gee I wonder if it's somewhat more reliable than the previous Z's. The 90 Z's were lemons, I had one.
It looks way too antique, not in a good way though. It's very hard to like it. I'd choose a Supra
a porche for everyone else.
Love Doug, but is it me or does he look like he is strung out on some drugs?   The hair and the jerking/twitching of his left shoulder when his hands are together.  Hope all is well
this car drive like milk
The hood opens the wrong way, this isn't a z.
You should try to find a Hyundai Tiburon GT to review.
poor man GTR
the sound is bad
I can see why that fuel door might be so so large - so the top of the fender isn't under the fuel nozzle handle and getting banged and marred during fueling.
My hat is off to you holding a viewer base this long while being the soccer mom of car reviewers. Mad respect Ronda.
I wish they would have used a strait six engine.
No dual injection? Yep, still not interested.
I don't know I am leaning more towards manual Supra
Anybody else notice Doug's hair and his overall frantic mannerisms??? He looks like he didn't sleep and came off a night with the snowman and a little female company...like dang man take a breath between words and hold your hands still for 2 seconds...
00:27 This is the first thing you hear when you die and go to heaven
interior is shit
Let me just put my phone down while I drive… oh oops, I just shut off the car.  Great placement of the start/stop button.  😂 😂 😂
Manual supra still better
So of you're going to mod it might as well get the lower trim
LS it
They're hideous
Yuk!!!
I really like the way this car looks. And it gets better every time I see it
He says it feels faster than the supra but I've seen the supra beat it in the quarter mile so I don't see how it feels faster
11:36 I should call her
The Devil is coming back………
*horizontal ovals Doug
One of Doug's quirks and features is mixing up vertical and horizontal
The tech is very important today.. That would be the big disappointing item on this car. Otherwise it looks good...
Nissan Z...is this a Russian military vehicle?
I love it. I’m sure in time Nissan will enhance it more. Hopefully they can make a targa version. Not a convertible but a nice speedster. That would be hot!
Rear looks so old school. I like it.
Good to see a car company that really knows their customer. (Looking at you, Toyota)
Unattractive boring exterior.  Monotone boring plastic interior.  Not enough horsepower.  $50,000....  Hard pass.
that blue interior is amazing wish more cars had that
What is radar detector? Sorry it’s unfamiliar thing to me
I love the 300ZX inspired tail lights. Looks awesome
I like it but it’s still going to rust out in 5 years.
Sounds like nissan hit the nail on the head.
P
As a previous owner of an early model Z, growing up around the time of the release of the 300zx twin turbo, I think this latest iteration looks hideous. :(
Imma down with base model
Liked the look of the Silver Sport much better,  wheels look far better as well just wish they were 19's. Also I think looks better without that ugly rear spoiler. And my goodness, that exhaust sounds HORRIBLE!  Then they stole Hyundai's idea with the trunk release hidden in the Nissan emblem.  No surprise there with all manufacturers being influenced by Hyundai.  All of them copying off of Hyundai with a digital display, or using side by side display and infotainment,  also copying the much bigger displays and there safety tech. Every time they Copy Hyundai ups there game
I ❤ NISSAN; I ❤ new Z.
Horizontal ovals... Vertical??
The smaller wheels on the sport model look goofy
Bruh this is literally a drift car, Nissan is literally with the shits they know what tf they doin they know their customers Lmaooo
The new Z is much better looking than the Supra
If you put a spoiler on that thing I really think it will look amazing
NO PIANO BLACK
I think they did a good job with it.
Man, $50k and you can't give me ventilated seats? Pass.
Doug! Can you review a Lexus ISF? Preferably a 2010+
I like the ''-'' in the 'Since 1969 -'' it's like they wait to put a death year on it 😂  Tbh the way Nissan is going that my be a good sendoff to the afterlife for this brand
That third gauge that Nissan used for a volt gauge could've been better used for exhaust gas temp.
Probably gonna sell great in Russia if there is a Z on it
when comparing 380hp to 400hp a difference of 20hp is not really gonna make the difference in which one accelerates faster, that is gonna come down a lot more to power curves, gearing, and drive train design.  i think the supra is gonna sell better for top trim model, people will pay an extra couple grand for a sexier exterior design and a much better interior
Doug, you can't fool me. Everyone knows the old VQ Nissan N/A V6's sounded terrible. Although I guess the new one sounds kinda the same but with vacuum cleaner noises added
Are the tailights not horizontal?? Why does he keep saying vertical!?
I can't wait to see this car slammed widebody and some nice wheels. I honestly like the way it looks but it's a little flat
Vertical?’ I think you mean horizontal lol
They’re saving the cool colors for next years 😤
boring
Front grille looks less horrible. Still the ugliest part of the overall design but the rest of the car is amazing!
The aftermarket parts for this are going to be huge.
If only it was a T Top, I loved my 84' 300zx with the tops off
You sound like an over excited child.
Z is not a popular symbol at the moment.
I want to know where the extra 10k for the "performance" version went. I don't see it.
@23:54 soooo the performance model has the same power, is heavier, has cheat codes enabled, and has a better sound system... that's the luxury model... bro Nissan out here actually doin it right, the cheap one is the fast one...
The 240Z was gorgeous....this is ugly.
When he said vertical taillights for the third time, I lost it
Before I get started make sure to check out "ECHO" and "ECHOOOOO"
too bad ecu doesn't let you burn out. slower than a supra and less than 400hp
It's pronounced Nissan ZED.
Nevermind the Doug score... Fast?  How come a regular car is keeping up and still visible out the rear screen?  Would a 9-speed auto improve that or improve the V6 turbo sound?  No.
its ugly and they made a big mistake, im keeping my 370 nismo.   this is retro gone bad, sure the specs are good,  not the look
isn't he annoyngly verbose?
The screen sucks. Yeah. I said it.
A rare modern beauty. Nissan did everything right!
This is not correct. The base z only has more hp. Supra all day. Btw, the manual is here.
wondering how many times he says Z.. other than that,  great looking car, and as always sounds amazing.
The card seems to pick up a lot of road noise and I don't remember seeing your camera shutter so much.  How is the ride aside from performance?
The new z is definitely the best retro comeback so far. Now they need to bring back the 240sx
Kept saying "vertical" when referring to the horizontal layout of the tail lights... Haha
"beautiful sports car"? What car? Not this one for sure.
Id have the crome wrapped black or carbon fibre if I had one one these beauties
Thought NIssan called it the Zed & not the Zee.
A blank slate ready to be worked.
I own a 2014 Q60 with manual transmission. Adaptive cruise control in a manual is just a waste. AWD however would be awesome, although that is a different price point. I like the backseat at minimum for dog transport so I hope they add the manual transmission to the Infiniti version.
This! I love you.
ZZZZZ
this car is $50,000 , they dont need to lift anything from any old Z lol
I just think it looks like a whale shark fucked a 370z
Deserved an 8 for value especially since you said it's a bargain over the supra, but you have the supra the same value score. This thing needs a point over the supra 😭
Wow this car seems like a real winner!
A new Z era begins boys
I hope it's a success, in the financial sense. To show the car industry that we still want sports cars.
Loving the chonk looks. Would love one, not the fuel bills so much.
16:12 I mean what's a "drive mode" even do in a manual car? Most of them just do a throttle curve remap, which is awful and pointless - just make it linear all the time! So I completely approve of Nissan's decision here.
Not faster then supra
Great engine, 6 speed manual option. Ugly grille.  Ugly chrome on roof, ala Kia Optima.  Ugly exterior door handles.  Ugly, ridiculous fuel filler door.  Stitching on interior door panels is awful!  Piano black on steering wheel.  Are you kidding?  Dash looks kind of cheap.  No boot on parking brake looks cheap.  $50,000+, nope.    Not terribly attractive.  All in all, a disappointment.
The front end looks ugly to me.  Which sucks because I love the rest of the car.
Am i the only that heard him say “can wait to compare it to the manual supra”
2 MILLION BOTS! THANK YOU NO ONE WATCHES THIS CHANNEL EXCEPT........ RAND
>Me as a Briton who won't be able to buy this car ☹
looks like a chevy cavalier in the front... especially from the sides.
That silver Z sport looks infinitely better in my opinion. The way the rear of the car slopes back without the spoiler is just beautiful, and the monochrome silver hides the (what I personally find) weird looking chrome accent line.
50,000 for 2013 land cruiser?
So will you actually be able to get one or will it be like all the other new desirable models marked way up and impossible to get for several years? I've lost the desire to even try to buy something new and cool.
The interior lock cheep and outdated
Z not a good time for that letter  Russian Z not cool
Haha just so you know, those taillights don't have vertical ovals, they are horizontal.
I’m so disappointed in this Z. As a fan of the other Z models, and JDM in general, this wasn’t was I was hoping for.. I like how the front looks, and that’s about it. The back doesn’t match the style, and ruins the overall look (in my opinion). Not a fan of the little details; the camera placement on the back (especially considering it’s quality 😆), the new front grill (considering everything else is 2-tone), the odd strip down the sides, gas cover, etc. Stock wheel fitment is questionable haha. They made it such that, out of the factory, it’s unable to do burnouts… Plus it sounds ehh, and knowing that this will be the last gas-powered production Z, breaks my heart. Nothing like the good old days I guess.
front caliper is mounted forward, that means I don't want it haha.  Shows they didn't do every little detail to keep weight in center, therefore what other compromises did they make that you can't see to fit packaging and budget concerns?
look for this to become quite coveted amongst collectors in the future since it won’t sell now.  Another, “the ones that want it, can’t afford it (or refuse to pay), and the ones that can afford a $50+ grand, 2 wheel, 2 seater, don’t want it.”
RIP POOPRA WHO WAS THAT CAR EVEN MADE FOR
MORE  POWER/but slower  in   1/4  time,,as  shown  in  a  couple  of  videos  already  against  the Supra
Battery voltage is very helpful for diy diagnotics
I'm glad they tried to make this look like a 240Z. The last generation didn't do it for me.  Also, rear visibility looks to be atrocious.
just needs a Zociety sticker and your good.
I still cant get over the front end please forgive me nissan-sama
Same shitty motor from Mercedes see these always getting turbos done or complete replacement under warranty
When are we going to get a 300ZX Z31 review?
The new supra has such a wayyy better interior for the same price
I never smiled more than i did seeing that manual transmission 🥹
Cool looking car. Not packed with useless tech. My only criticism is the cheap materials used in the interior especially the center console tunnel
His hair looks like he slept in the car
It does a 12.8 it's slow compared to standards today.  Take it to AMS Performance.
I winder if Nissan will lose sales because of Russia’s use of the letter “Z”?
Thank god for the manual parking brake. Hate those stupid electronic ones, and you really cant have anything else on a real performance car.
Sounds like a vacuum cleaner?
It's mind-boggling that the turbos can spin up to around 225,000 rpm- that is 3,750 revolutions per second!
Im a huge Nissan fan but unfortunately this car is just a Q60 Red Sport with Nissan body
I think this car is ugly still I like the black box up front now it has ugly shapes inside it.
I would love the car, except I hate it. I think it's UGGGGLLLYYY. Shame, seems like a great car. Maybe a ground effects or higher race trim will look better, but overall the new Z confuses me
"Since 1969"  To me, this signifies the end of the sporty Nissan coupe as we know it. This must be the last generation of gas engine cars to come in the next 2 years. With all these callbacks from the designers, it's bittersweet that this car is the one last hurrah for Nissan to mark their legacy of the Z.
You know you've been watching Doug a long time when he starts using knee cushioning lmao.
All hail glorious Nissan. Will be getting one of these in a couple years to join alongside my modded 370.
The driver seat side bolster is already wearing just like a true Z car... 22:06
I like how honest you are. I had a 18 challenger rt and I didn't love the clutch it was inconsistent
Not faster than the Supra
Not hating but the interior looks last generation 😂
So what you're telling us is wait until next year when they fix some of the old tech.
Doug the type of guy to miss shaving one side of his face 😂
eh, s'alright
What an ugly car, that grill is hideous.
The Z series has been holding me down while I wait on the new Roadster
Doug is the type of guy to like the old 350-370Z trumpet exhaust note over this clean and crisp sounding V6 lol
The Supra does have a superior design maybe the Z is right there in person but the supers is beautiful with its big led there are 2 of them in my neighborhood
I wish I could trade my 2004 350z for this car.
Great car and review but… you are saying vertical when you should be saying horizontal.  Just a heads up :)
Is it just me or did that Sport model look a lot better than the Performance? The one tone and lack of spoiler actually makes the car look better IMO
Is this car light and agile like the BRZ or is it on a heavier muscle car side?
Back end reminds me of 200sx
Love it ! this is like a modern day 90s JDM car with a touch of a retro look ! can't wait until the tuners get their hands on it and put humongous turbos and widebodies!
I don’t think there’s a car that can totally satisfy Doug! There’s always a complaint about something!👋😂
*Zed
I hate electric parking brakes
‼️For The Money I’d Rather Get 2021 Camero SS🦁
It's a bit nicer than a Reliant Robin. The only thing is, the Nissan has 4 wheels, unlike the Reliant Robin, which has only 3. Plus, the Reliant Robin looks like a clown's car. Whereas, the Nissan looks like something Robin would drive. Not the car. You silly. I mean Robin, as featured in Batman. Batman is a somewhat popular and relatively well-known superhero.
Nissan did an amazing job on this one, i saw the concept some time ago, but never would have thought they actually stayed true to it, a very attractive vehicle! Edit: waaaaait... is that a REAL handbrake?!?!!!
Plastic fantastic everywhere
wait I don't get why they put the 12 volt outlet in the car for radar detectors because aren't radar detectors illegal in like every state? Doesn't that mean that Nissan is encouraging illegal behavior. I don't think that is very good of them to do.
Nissan appears to have cut more corners than an art teacher making paper snowflakes.  And they look to be more about saving $ than out of tradition.... but 400 ponies for $40k doesn't dyson.
Kinda crappy time to name your new car model Z
Wish you would review the 1990-96 300zx TT  ( my fave of all time )
This is the first car I've seen that wouldn't just make me sad I didn't buy a corvette. Finally actual value in a sports car again
9 speed automatic?!?  Just put in a CVT wtf
ugly, crappy interior...meh  I'd rather get an OG BMW M2, it has much better sound with MPE too.
The flat horizontal tail lights Doug horizontal is this way - vertical is this way I
The trim around the roof doesn't extend around the rear hatch because it was designed to look like a Japanese Katana sword. Nissan actually calls that piece of trim "The Katana". That was a very intentional design element.
Nice car,a mix of legendary and future tec.Would buy if had money
How many times does he say vertical instead of horizonal? 🤔 Is it possible that Daddy Doug doesn't know which is which?
Looks old
Awesome car, but the lack of decent sound is a deal breaker.  Why bother with a sports car that doesn’t sound good.
over 50 years????? WELCOME BACK, NISSAN Z 🚙
Shame it's not coming to the UK, needs a set of wheel spacers otherwise a lovely design. Kinda reminds me of a smaller more angular Ferrari Roma, in a good way, it's the clean design, looks great.
This is the winner, the Supra is waaaay overdone.
Nope it's too big
car sounds like a 2005 malibu
That retro back is the greatest.
The battery voltage meter is mainly for knowing that all of your computer sensors are running smooth in the ranged voltage.  Plus, it’s a heritage to old z’s.
If a Bmw Z8 (front) & a Renault Alpine   (Rear) mated...
The epa has gotten out of hand, and I’d buy this. Sharp looking car
in Japan this car it's considered an update of the Z34 Fairlady Z, not a new generation, that's why the platform and a lot of stuff it's pretty much the same
Certainly a great car can’t wait to see what they do to the nismo
30:00 The guys at Tomei are going to have a fun time with this one >;)
No one cares how long the video is doug, but please bring back the old dougscore
If i was their design engineer i would have asked lamborghini to return the favor and let Nissan use their Lambo headlights in this new Z sincw the 300zx shared the same headlights, lamborghini needed to comply with the new DOT regulations on fixed headlights and the borrowed Nissan Headlights from the 300zx.
I see some of the 240 sx in there as well
$10k more than the previous model. I'll pass.
i don't know, the 350z still look more modern
Doug the type of guy to mistake vertical for horizontal
Beautiful looking. One thing that could have been tossed was the “TV Screen” dashboard!  Just because everyone is doing it and modernizing, doesn’t mean Nissan should have.   If everyone jumped off a bridge, would you?   There is nothing better than the actual look of real 3D gauges. To put real gauges in the gauge pods and a TV screen for the dash is tacky. Plus, all that navigation and choices for dash configurations for the short attention spans of today’s car buyer takes away from the true driving experience.  Hopefully when I’m ready to buy one, this TV screen fad will have faded away.
"THISSSS!"
40k and 50k for these …why in the fuck cars cost soooo damn much now, shit !
@14:15 - 14:33 Lies like a MUF! Nissan ripped that whole steering wheel design from the B9 Audi platform.  Looks damn near identical except cheaper.
Seeing the details of this car makes me believe they build it with knowing that this will be the last Z.
That fuel door is an absolute unit my gawd
22:09 how’s the driver seat already look like trash
The rear lights really let it down in my opinion, giving it a very 1980's American Muscle Car feel. I think they took too much from the 300 ZX and weirdly this 400Z looks like it's the follow up to the 300ZX, making the 350Z look positively gorgeous and modern by comparison whilst this 400Z feels dated and dull.  This 400Z is a step backwards. It's not particularly beautiful, aggressive or unique. And if Nissan thinks they're going to be able to milk it for nearly 20 years like they did with the 350Z/370Z they're totally wrong. This already feels dated and dull. The current MX-5 looks WAY better than this, especially the RF hardtop convertible  with Flying Buttresses version. That thing is going to be iconic.
Yo, those 18s from the sport Z go hard as fuck, i sense everyone putting them on S chassis or 86s
It’s gorgeous!
Meh, has the z name but its not a crossover or a hybrid sedan so ill pass.
Looks so ugly though
So awesome the only new car I’ve seen that I’d totally get. I’d prob go for the sport for less tech and less weight I don’t care about all this new crap these days.
Ridiculous inside and outside 😑 .... I swear I can't watch the video to the end  😪
WHY DOES HE KEEP SAYING “VERTICAL TAIL LIGHTS”?!?! THEYRE HORIZONTAL
NA cars almost always sound "better" objectively. Turbos are effectively mufflers. I still drive a turbo Legacy Wagon. So, it's fairly obvious that I don't mind. ;)
Your drive with the camera just focused on you going woohoo is so boring.  Sorry.  Please get another camera angle.  Outside??
Interior is pretty disappointing sadly.
50k? Umm heck no. Get yourself a muscle car instead.
Those would be horizontal ovals.  - = horizontal.  I = vertical. ;) Keep the vids coming though, I appreciate them.
The infotainment wont age well but.... Love this!
Design is ugly 🤮👎
Manual is a waste of money, I understand being engaged while driving but you're losing so much performance. More than half a second slower than a quarter.
supra still better! looks better and feels better
Your move, Honda. Everyone has a two door manual but you.
Six speed manual 💣
I absolutely love the new z and really really want one. Buut it’s hard to justify 50k when I’m currently financing my 2016 focus rs from almost 50k already only because I needed to pay the difference from the loan before that. I know I boned myself from consecutive loan changes. Plus I love the awd for winter. One day I’ll snag one up.
Call me crazy but I don’t regret my decision to go for the 2023 supra. That being said,I’m very happy the z exists
Love your overall vibe in your videos! Just watched the '87 Dodge "RV" Van video and now this one, and I have to say I'm getting massive David Hewlett vibes! One of my favorite Canadian Sci-Fi actors. You have the personality that is very similar to his. I think I have found another page to subscribe to!
It's a manual, Eco? Less Foot. Sport? More foot. POWERRRR
looks amazing, But i think im going to wait for the Nismo Model to come out. so i may save my money and build up more towards that. Im sure Nissan will make a Nismo model.
It suvks you have to get the performance model to get an lsd
Adaptive Cruze in the manual?
Ok..time to rain on the parade. They should've named this the F model for Frankenstein. 240 grill, 300 taillights, 350, 370 interiors? WTF...what a disappointment. It looks like a 370 with a bad facelift. One world for Nissan- CHEAP!! Complete lack of innovation! I was hoping for the wow! factor and man they delivered. WOW! This thing is bufugly! Look hard enough and you can pick up a 2018 C7 that will make the "Z" look like a Camry side by side unless both cars are moving, there will be no side by side..lol. And Doug, it took me a minute to realize you weren't having an epileptic seizure. Lay off the amphetamines for your next vid...I needed a Xanax just to make it through. I applaud the turbos and my faith is with the MOD GODS. Someone will resurrect this piece of scrap metal and make Z owners proud. FYI..I owned a z32TT(580rwhp) and z33(bolt ons) so contrary to how my commentary may be perceived..I'm an enthusiast suffering from pessimism. The 370 was somewhat disappointing and this is a crash and burn. Q60 on the way.....no regrets.
Strangely large fuel door ---> future electric version recharge plug?
A great chance for an aftermarket company to do a rear spoiler in the same silver of the side strip, joining both sides
I prefer the single color car but the silver spears on the side are far less integrated as they don’t have fake window outline to blend into. I imagine there will be many wraps to hide them.
there just ist a better looking car for this year, maybe the 86
2:56 Bless you
the good thing for all the Z fans is that the Interior looks old, it is that what they want.
No 360 cameras, no driver’s assist, Am guessing it’s not made for P#$$!&$ 🤷🏾‍♂️
They greatly improved the look. All other Zs are just beyond ugly.
The fact that the only unique parts on this car are the exterior bits and body panels (everything else is old Z or current prod parts from other models) just goes to show how spot on Toyota was about building a sports car these days.
They should of done oil temp or pressure vs voltage. I’m sure the dash has it but it would make more sense.
Only that Z these days can means problem.  People can see in it different means  Ukraine 🇺🇦
So $40k for a car that is uglier and slower than the rest of its competitors? Not to mention the insane markups and outdated interior. Another fail by Nissan. They’ll be going down under soon.
OMG! The car in blue with blue interior would be *AWESOME!*
Well we dont care about how many pixels the screen has.... Thats a drivers car....and is gonna be a legend
I think this is going to be a great car
Tik tok radio 😐
These are going to sell very well.
anyone think the sport looks better then the performance? hope lsd will be an option on the sport.
2:37 Toyota? How much coffee, Doug?
meh. The inside is fugly as hell.
they're not vertical. They're horizontal. lol
What do you mean by "front" grille? You imply that the Z also has a rear grille.
I think I prefer the styling of the base model. Give me the Akebonos, and I'd be set with that instead. I like those wheels and wingless ftw.
It might be nitpicking but I hate how so many car companies have laggy infotainment systems. It isn't 2009 anymore, it's cheap enough to give the thing enough power to not be laggy. Also the 12V port is honestly the only time since 90s gm that I can remember it being in the passenger foot well. (Although at least for 90s Buick it was on the side wall of the shifter cover for floor shit models)
That orange peel on the black bumper at 10:00 though.. Oof...
They should call the future electric z the "E-Z"
Those are some of amakings of a varsity athlete
John Davis will be so happy there's a volt meter. Lol
The GR Supra is the closest available sports car, to the old Nissan 240z (silky smooth glorious sounding inline 6! engine!!!).  This new "cheap" 370z/400z/Z is just that, couldn't be further from what made the old Z's special. Hey but go ahead and believe Nissan's hype and youtube car reviewers hype about this car. What the hell do I know.
Supra GR has more power than the Z, don't care what either one claims.
your hand action is distracting
This new Z is def growing on me. Doug didn't talk about visibility. I had a 370 and the rear and side visibility was awful. the front wasn't that great either.  From what I read on other sites the greenhouse for this Z is the exact same as the 370Z.  They are already racing these in Super GT. I can't wait to see what the tuners come up with for this chassis. Crack the ECU and it will be pushing 600HP on stock internals by the end of 2022.
Z buyers don't need/ want driver aids
4:00 one of the best wheels I've ever seen on that Infiniti
I disagree with you. How do you know? Did you drive a z back in the day? Or own one? Your channel is the worst and your business.
Im as excited for this cars arrival as Doug is with his hands...
The 2023 Supra looks so embarassing compared to this one. Yet another reason to just get a MK4 Supra.
Day 42 of asking Doug to review a Subaru Legacy Spec B
Not bad, but it’s a sport economic car and not an exotic. I say that just to note that’s why you have so much carry over from the older model. Nice tho.
wow profile is a lot higher then I expected..  Looks like a SUV sports car.
Not a fan of the new Z styling, I'll take a Supra all day long
I had a '73 240Z for awhile and I love the visual tributes on this car to the original. I wonder how a thin blade front bumper would look on the front of this? Nothing gaudy. Just a simple blade like the original (without the bumperettes), either in chrome or black, flush with the front.
First good looking Z in decades
Solid color looks much better but the cars about 10 years too late should have started with this then go more futuristic this car feels like 2005 to me.
1 million views!
Looks too much like the 370z and honestly is a downgrade in appearance. Interior has too much plastic and for $50k im not sure Nissan will sell many of these. Really disappointed
WAY better looking than the 350 and 370Zs.
a 2023 car with a manual handbrake!!
Not a fan of back.  Not sure why…  seems to not match the rest.
Hagerty found a 0-60 of 4 seconds flat .2 seconds behind the supra but comparing base models 400hp and cloth seats or the supras 245hp with a LSD for 40k I’ll take the power
"It really is bright, and blue, and bright blue"  Dougulations 22:03
Like always from Nissan-Infiniti, there is a 4 inch gap between the tire and the fender ! What a shame !
8:13 I believe Nissan designers preferred them being horizontal ovals...?
“Sports Car” that doesn’t even make more crank torque than a Fusion Sport
that silver on silver car looks great.......
B58>vr30 so I go Supra
Doug talking about pricing is funny, because I'm sure we'll see flips show up on Cars & Bids as soon as the Z is released.
ZED!
Great looking car but it has that classic Nissan garbage interior. It's even worse in this car because NOTHING MATCHES. Some parts are nice like the screen, wheel, and seats but everything else looks straight out of the 2000s.
Doug is the kind of guy to include an extensive list of his wife’s quirks and features in his wedding vows
I think for the price point I'll take all the older tech and parts who cares. As for the chassis being the same that's OK too. Aftermarket Parts exist before your car even comes out. Well played. This is a twin turbo Z. We know it costs so much to Twin a 350 or 370. This isn't the cost of old Z +12-15$k This thing in 20 years will be a legend no doubts. It will be so much easier to wire up with all the less tech new stuff. It already comes with a manual - No need to swap. Hopefully stock is at least as good as the CD009 for holding power or is similar.
I'm in love with this car,i wonder how the nismo will be
THISSSSSS
You gave this a higher Doug Score than a C7 Z06.... not sure how I feel about the Doug Score anymore :/
The New 2023 Nissan Z is the best car to comeout of japan for the past 10 years!
Another yawn from japans finest. 💤
Needs t-tops.  What's up with the weird stitching on the door panel?
This car give a good vibes at midnight
They did an awesome Job so they could keep everything in house and bring a Quality Sports Car
I'm seriously wondering if Doug knows what "vertical" means...
The lack of driver aids is more a feature than an issue. They dilute the driving experience and frankly you shouldn’t be driving if you actually need them.
The red goldfish relatively alert because may subsequently chop across a heady drive. milky, xenophobic composer
Place this beside the new wrx and you'll realize how ugly the new wrx is.
The tail lights look like horizontal ovals. But maybe that’s just me
I had a 350Z followed by a 370Z, and if Nissan had facelifted the 370Z at the point I was shopping for a new car, I'd have had another in a heartbeat - but the tired interior/tech left it behind.  I can immediately spot the borrowed interior elements from the 370 in this new model which is a shame - as a prior Z owner it would give me the feeling when inside it that I'm not really getting anything new.  But that exterior is gorgeous.  Oh, and I now drive a Kia Stinger - we're not going to see the new Z in the UK :(
The reason why they gave it such a muted exhaust is because Nissan is offering an after-market Nismo tuned exhaust package for the new Z. It cost something like $2,400, and is sold separately from the car. I feel that this is how they are attempting to make up a couple Grand of the cost off of the car, because they know everyone who buys the car is going to think to themselves "well I saved two or three thousand dollars not buying the Supra, so I can afford to buy the tuned exhaust." Then Nissan gets the amount for the car that they actually need to get for the car, which at that point would be closer to the cost of a supra. Basically making the low price merely a selling point, because once you get the car the way it is supposed to be in the first place, it cost the same amount as the Supra.
Wish we would get this over in Europe
I'll take mine in the performance package, but omit the rear spoiler, and I want the roof color matched to the rest of the car. I think the look of the sports model, but with the performance model larger wheels, then the automatic transmission with the shift paddles, would probably be how I get my Z configured.
Finally not a family sedan, or fancy  sh*t or, re badged BMW. 1 thing is hurt me. Nissan badge, i feel Datsun is better choice!
Carb legal exhaust swaps are gonna completely change this car’s character!
The engine feels better in the Z car because the Z car weighs so much less than the Infiniti Q cars do.
Seems to me the Z is a sports car, and the Supra is a luxury sports car (LSC).
Z Protos are going to auction upwards of 6 figures...
New 2022 not 2023! year model 2023 do not come out until october 2022.
Good! Screw nannies. "Driver's aids" are for pussies.
l think nissan did a good job with the redesign hope come out with new nissan Maxima my best sedan
Nissan lost its soul again.
Soo cool
Nice content mate! So happy to announce that I have gained financial freedom by investing in digital currency. Now I know that multi creation of various streams of income is the ideal Principle for financial sustainability.
It is eternally christened "new Z" by all car guys.  So glad to see a company actually trying. I'm a young college grad about to enter the job market and I'll definitely be looking at one of these if I land a good job.  Also, being an audio guy, that voltmeter is WAYY underrated
I still prefer the sleek, low look of the Z32. This one looks bloated and boring
That car won't come out til next year, but nice car
damn that performance and reasonable features for that kinda price is very attractive, i'd love to buy one. too bad i'm poor university student who can't afford shit.
People get too fixated on platforms I feel.  A shared platform or older platform while technical the same are vastly different between models and generation of vehicles that use them.  There is still a lot of changes made to the old platform to strengthen and bring it up to the required specs of a new car to the point its really more new than old.
Nissan spent the money on the new mechanicals, tightening the chassis, and did a major overhaul of the suspension. So you get the same turn signal stalks. Your review kind of glossed over the important changes underneath and went over the stuff that was carried over. Also, that fuel door is so big because it has a notch for the gas pump handle that would otherwise hit the fender, a price to pay for those big hips. They couldn't relocate the gas tank opening since it's skeleton is from the 370.
Are we all just going to ignore TikTok radio!? What the actual F? Is it just sounds of teenage girls dancing in their bedrooms? 😂
50k for this?? Uhhh pay a lil more and get a C8 corvette and destroy this car in every way possible.
I love it! Hate the blue, but wow that gunmetal grey is gorgeous! Great work Doug! (As always)
Auto refuel? 🤔 Also BMW Should start doing som throwback styling.
Not enjoying that exhaust sound.
Really not a fan of the exterior design, especially the rear. Looks more like an American muscle car than a Japanese sports car
This car has been out for a year already and you still can’t buy one. Until they release this car to the public it shouldn’t be compared to other cars you can buy. This still is only a hype car
More power for less money is always compelling but I’d buy this over the Supra just because it isn’t covered in fake vents and doesn’t have huge plastic pieces glued onto the doors with fake scoops in them. I was really looking forward to the new Supra until I saw it. The old one was sleek and simple. The new one is fake and overstyled and too busy and …. fake.
That means the Nismo Z will be $60,000+.
I drove a 350 for a bit that interior looks basically the same as the 350 just with an iPad thrown in.    It's not bad looking though it's snazzy, decent power for the price, the real question for me is cost of ownership considering it costs $70 just to fill my freaking civic.  Edit:  throw some better sounding pipes, a HKS BOV, and some bigger meats on the back and you'll have a pretty sexy sounding lil drift cart.
Just 2 years earlier Doug reviewed the 370z and gave it a bad review. The new Z is built on the same 370z platform.
So I guess this is banned in Germany?
It should be called 3.0 Z.
Just wish Nissan had reliable engines.
Redline reviews did a way better video on the Z. A lot less talking about nothing more driving and exhaust notes and 0-60 times.
They cheaped out too much; the blue interior is not blue enough for a properly retro car.
Hope the economy downturn doesn't kill this car, seems like the best cars always come at the worst time and die.
The Supra is faster, speculated that its due to the tire difference. Would like to see someone put the same tires on the Z and see how it fairs. Z looks great.
I would definitely get this over the Supra. Legendary 🤣
https://youtu.be/K3SI4IklAHw?t=183
Cop out gauge? Silly Doug. One is boost, the other is boost adjacent, and the third is if you’ll need a boost off (battery).
Ugh, that ugly grey-ish colour on the wheel is so meh and the plastics around the interior in the same grey colour are ugly imo, but everything else is f dope
Very nice!
I'm glad this car has a voltage meter gauge. More cars need that because it's actually really useful. Ever been stranded because of a dead battery or weak alternator? Most people have experienced that at least once. Probably wouldn't have happened if you had a meter to glance at to tell you what's going on.
I really want to love this car but can't understand why car manufacturers keep putting out new cars with 3" wheel gaps and terrible wheel offset.  Like, yeah people are going to modify them, but can't you make them look decent stock? This thing's as tall as a 240Z from the 80s.
If they wanted a retro looking front, they shoulda brought back the chrome bumper!
I'm currently in a 06 infinity g35 coupe it's great love it definitely has a few more years in it. The new z looks great and whould be a upgrade I'd still wait and get it used in a few years nothing against the new z I'm just cheap lol
If George McFly and Mork from Ork had a kid
I miss my 350z, but that's another story...
It looks like a squeezed Aston Martin.
Ah a new sports car that looks good wont brake down  oh its Japanese a Nissan great car !
So I really hope that this car just isn’t equipped with it but if there is no Dual Zone Climate Control thats quite an oversight.. if you are paying north of 50k for a two door sports car that should be there… it’s not impossible for cars in this price point to have such seeing as the BRZ and GR86 have that at least as an option in a lower price range and even in the other direction price wise the Lexus RC350 F-Sport and even some older RCF models are around this price with heated/cooled front seats as well as dual zone climate
I need one of these to use my carbon key cover I got with my Fairlady Z watch I picked up in Yokohama Nissan HQ I couldn't help but buy it potty I couldn't buy the car I love it.
Why is it a 2023 model? It's still 2022, it's still May, it's manufactured and launched this year, probably will be on sale this year too.
08:07 to 08:21 Vertical ovals?? Aren't they horizontal??
Kinda sucks that the z isnt that affordable of a sports car like it use to be 🥲
this guy needs to lay off the meth
As a side note. The manual doesn't have different drive modes due to some countries having exhaust decibel regulations on MANUAL cars. That's why on say the auto you can put it into "track/sport" and the exhaust gets louder and so on. Not here. The manual has a quieter exhaust and longer gears to keep the noise level down. Thank your fellow politicians and Karen's.
This car is a let down.
Dang. 10k+ extra for a little front/rear wing, tiny brembos and uglier wheels??(even though they are rays). Might come with an LSD too, not sure.
I think what they did on the grill totally fixes it! It looks a lot less weird now
Nissan nailed it. Can't wait to see what the aftermarket will do to this fantastic new sports car. I see one in my future.
this must sign of old age. i just want a barebone car.  powerful engine responsive transmision. music. thats it
at least for me, i dont get why i need to play with graphics in my car.
This is going to be the end of the Z, just like the STI, too expensive for the target audience.
What everyone needs to remember is even though the old Nissan 240's looked frumpy from factory guys modded them to have an amazing distinct look. This new Z already looks great... just imagine how it's gonna look modded 😍
400 hp what a bif number
I want one!!! My dad owned a 1976 280z for 34 years until he passed away of COVID. We still have it and I am so excited this version is coming out and would love to own one to commemorate him. I’d have loved to have the chance of driving it with him. Thanks for the review DOUG <3
Wow, on the trending page!
G35 basis for all  20yrs  dam later   my cuz had in04
Only decent car Al the rest are cvt cans. Some r good tho
How much did Nissan pay you for this review? You even lowered the Supra Doug score to match the Z. Biased much?
There’s no need for driving “modes” when your driving a stick shift. The driving mode is literally the driver. I could see that you would want this in the automatic though.
I like how they did the back up camera. It's kinda where you'd expect an old trunk lid keyhole so it's a modern nodd to that.
Hey yall 🙂 how yall doing? 💪💯🔥🔥 if anyone wants to do a collab I'm down to I'm not that good but I'm trying 😂 I appreciate yall reading this and hope you have a better day then before reading this much love y'all 💙💪💯🙏🔥💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙
Unfortunately not in Europe... I would love to import one one day to the Netherlands 👌
Nissan may not know how to make economy cars but they sure know how to make sports cars.
The exhaust sounds like garbage because the way the regulations are written it really hurts manual transmissions. Honestly, they should have put a fat restrictor plate in there so you could remove it day 1 as soon as you get home.
@28:15 What the literal F are you talking about? "The old one had no forced induction. It was great and straight forward and didn't have any spotty powerband issue." "This new one has forced induction and is even better."
for a rebadged 370Z they could have done more clever solutions like the trunk @11:00 mins   Why does anything has to stick out like a camera? Look at Mercedes or Volkswagen: either your camera is covered by the logo or you use the logo as handle to open the car; furthermore you could have integrated a automatic tail gate in 2023! Nissan already saved the money for the platform and invests nothing but the design and a new engine
Wow you reviewed it so fast,also the car looks amazing.
I like how federally induced gas inflation means that "V6's can't get past gas regulations anymore"
Yeah the VQ does sound better
the car looks good
THE NEW NISSAN Z.  A CAR YOU LITERALLY CAN'T BUY FOR ANOTHER TWO YEARS UNTIL THE CAR PRODUCTION SHORTAGE IS THEORETICALLY OVER!
"horizontal" ovals maybe?
Simple and cooler 👍🏻
On to the important questions. Can I turn off the blind spot detection, lane keep assist, and does it have automatic emergency braking?
Twin-turbo 🤨? No! Screw regulation. Screw tree huggers. They should have scrapped the z and gave us the IDX. Im glad nissan answer back at the supra. A new gen. Z vs Supra.
NICE  AWES0ME KEEP_IT_UP! ✨🎉✨🎉✨🎉🎉🎎🎭🎎🎭🎎🎭🎗🎗🎗🎗🎗🎗🎑🎑🎑🎑✨🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎀🎀🎀🎀
Should have just named it the fairlady Z for the US market
Ok fine but why isnt it 25k?  Edit: it has a tach for the turbo totally worth 50
Dang, Doug really fondled that shifter
I must say I'm tempted to get 1, but I also want to wait a bit to see if other special versions become available, such as a Nismo verison.
This is so much better than the Supra
large VERTICAL ovals...  You mean horizontal! Haha.
Spoilerless for me.
"It's kind of a bargain." Dealers will hear this and use it to justify charging 70k for it lol
The interior looks like it belongs in an old Tahoe 🤢
Vertical VS. Horizontal.... 🙄
8:20 I think there might be another word for a "flat vertical piece" lol
Hey Doug have you ever heard of the 1984 Chrysler laser xe has futuristic design elements 😮 would be a cool video
I love this car... Z > CTR > Supra > Integra for throwback refreshes of older JDM.  NSX doesn't even make the list.
the car looks vertically too tall. no accents or style lines. it looks like the car from crackdown.
I hate it .. reminds me so much of my 350z ... OLD
Not saying the Supra is better but power is def on par cuz its completely underrated. Hagerty/Chris already showed that its definitely a better performer and that platform probably has better tuning potential aaand will get a manual (i get the tires are meh in the Z).  Esthetically, i def like this one better and probably would be more fun with its imperfections.  I'm kinda surprised this didn't score better as a daily because of the behind the seat buckets and the hatch.
I think it definitely looks much better than Toyota Supra I always find 350 Z as most fun to drive and prettiest
Seems like Nissan went to the parts bin, and said to their engineers "I need all of you to design a new Z without creating any new parts". Took an engine from Infiniti, sourced transmission stuff from Mercedes, stripped a 370z for more parts, and BAM, You get a new Z..   The best part of this car is the handbrake.. I wish Nissan would have spent more time on exterior and interior design. I'm thinking that engine could have been brought up to 420hp at a minimum.. Also, there is wayyyy to much Retro thrown at this car.. It needs something to make it really standout from everything else.. But as it was mentioned, it's all to keep the cost down..   Those headlights though.. Looks like they came from a VW Bug..  You got a 2023 Z.
supra is still faster, I dont trust nissans QC.
Great job Nissan! This is THE great affordable sports car. This checks every box. Design and features/lack of are all excellent. The fact that it comes in manual is great for the tuning scene. I think a lot of people will do really cool things with this car.  The exhaust is unfortunate, but regulations forced their hand.
Can't wait to itasha wrap it
This looks like that volvo with a fat ass on the front
Dodge take note bring back the Viper  For 2023 model year and don’t put no freaking Electric ⚡️ engine put your V8 or a V12 in it
If I were in the market for a new weekend toy... I'd 100% pick the Z Performance over the Supra. I love a lot of things about the Toyota/BMW collaboration, but I'll wager a true Japanese drivetrain will outlast the BMW and be much cheaper to fix down the road. Also, more HP and an LSD too-boot???  Hell Yeah!
Any Z that comes after the stupid trombone soundings z sounds good
Some intakes and exhaust 💣💥💣💥💨 but truthfully if it's the same as a q60s I rather go for that or the 4 redsport
I don’t get the chrome accent strip.  It’s a distraction.
I'm very happy to know that it's not a rebadged Mercedes.
Looks like a Chinese Jaguar. Something is off about the styling to my eye. The stock fitment looks ridiculous. Exhaust is a joke. The interior is really cool though. The performance per dollar is good.   Add a minimum of $10,000 to get it sitting, sounding, and performing right.   Overall not bad.
It hasn't really been a "legend" for some time now.
Those ovals are horizontal
I know there are people waiting for kids to buy and crash this so they can buy it and drift build it!!!! Full send!
I really do think this car is beautiful!!
Do not take a shot every time Doug says Zee, you'll be dead in 7 minutes.
did this man just say " butt dyno"? lmao
I will give a like to the one who counts how many times Doug says «  The Zeee »
I’m glad they didn’t just slap on a light bar in the rear like ALL companies do now, they actually went for something unique.
As a former 350Z owner, I think this Z looks hideous!
Everything is gorgeous except that front grill. The old ones suited their bodies real well not with this. Rear is an absolute A+
Nissan Zed sounds more muscular than Zee.
Prediction: the fuel door is so big because this car will be offered as an electric sports car from Nissan in the future and it’s big to support the plugging in of the charger
I definitely think that this time Nissan was wrong about the design, because instead of having a better advance in every sense of the word, it has gone back 30 years with this design from the 90's. It is a boring and obsolete design, the Nissan 370z is still better without a doubt.
how did Doug not point out the 2 is a Z on the shift knob? I was waiting for it in quirks and features
This guy is on meth for sure
why do these videos always seem like they were filmed in 2010
THIS....is the review I've been waiting for!!!!!
Manual transmission, manual parking brake, no steering assist, no drive modes, lots of power, no money wasted on unnecessary stuff to keep the price down, quiet exhaust which will just encourage people to straight pipe it, lsd… very promising!
Who needs all those cameras anyway ? Don't people just drive and enjoy driving anymore ? This car is well equipped ffs !!And it sounds good too ..
I really missed how you used to do the doug score, giving a full explanation as to why each part of the score is the way it is. The way you’re doing the dogs score now it’s too rushed.
nissan not spending time on the exhaust is probably a good thing, most people who buy it would get a different aftermarket exhaust no matter what
28:57 The Supra won in a drag race, so it's -60 is definitely faster despite having less HP
these would be way nicer if it came with some better tires
I'm like 50\50 on this  New 2023 Nissan Z on the inside and  the outside of this Nissan Z.......
Amazing to see. But If they rumors are true, I may save and build on my money to buy the Nissan z nismo.
Quite lucky he didn’t get shelled driving a vehicle with all those Z’s on it.
I wonder if this car will be on the new fast and furious 29 movie.
it’s nice but I’m sorry, imagine spending $50k on a Nissan…
At least this is a semi-normal car which has a low practical aspect.
The rearelooks likeea Mustang..
Vertical? 🤔
just wait till you see the Nissan Z Nismo
Love it
Convertible?
Everything about this car has been good so far, I have been really thinking about getting this car
Looks like a home run, minus the lack of LSD on the $41,000 base model. Even bottom trim Mustangs come with an LSD.
Great job on the rear end. The tail lights emulate the early 90’s Z.
looks awesome. love it without the spoiler.
i actually prefer the new sound over the vq
Gorgeous car. Nissan hit a home run with this one.
Lmfao!!! The fuel lid is MASSIVE it looks funky as hell
That car sounds hideous. But it looks nice.
This car looks great on the outside, I'm not really a fan of the inside. Its so 1 toned, just a grey color??  ewwwww. That blue???  what???   the only one that looks good is the yellow interior. But i'm biased, the 86 I own has red stitching, leather and alcantara. Its hard to leave that, but maybe I would for waaaay more power.
Looks so much much better than the Supra. I love the tail lights on this car as well. Loved that the traction control button is easy to find and the handbrake is NOT electric. They really do know their market.
I miss the days when All models came with a lsd besides the base :/
I will be getting one of these for my channel.
Looks like a Japanese Jaguar F-Type
More power but slower. Just so we clear
Doug the type of guy to have a ‘power bulge’ for quirks and features
Please go back to splitting up the DougScore!
steering wheel looks just like the dodge challenger steering wheel weirdly enough
am I the only one that thinks that power seats aren't an upgrade over the manual seats ? And saying that Nissan cut on the driving aids after mentioning the car has Adaptive Cruise Control, Lane Departure Warning and Blind Spot Alert is kind of funny because it's 3 aids too much already. If you need those aids, maybe you shouldn't be driving...
1969 lol “69” 😆
Sorry Doug, those ovals are not vertical, they're horizontal bud. Don't worry, your videos are dope and always will be. Thiiiisssss, is my thanks to you...
As a fellow Z owner and massive fan of the car community (all types...) I am glad to see the Z reignited! Look forward to seeing these in the wild :D
I'm glad the manual does away from drive modes. If I want sporty, I'll drive sportier.
Boring styling.  Interior is nice 👌
Which car will see the highest dealer markups?
I can tell that engine note has potential, a after market exhaust will straighten that out real quick
Please also watch savagegeese's video. It's incredible.
The trim on roof line isn't for me but overall a nice car
The Z is officially trending! Was the Supra trending? Asking for a friend.
Incredibly overpriced. People don’t need niche vehicles today. This is the ultimate niche. If this is your thing but now. They’re not building another after this. Shame too. The formula is right. The price is appalling.
It’s too thick. The 240 is so elegant. This is fat.
I hope Z in car’s name is going to be removed..
I cant wait to see the aftermarket support for these things in the next ten years. Crazy seeing old gen 350 and 370 all wide bodyed along with drift missiles, cant wait to see what they'll do with these things
If you want a better review go here. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekEM3VyaDow
I’d love to own one of these, but I’m not a huge fan of having a V6. With that long hood, why not go back to a straight 6?
Big black front end look batter…more clean. Cry babies unappreciated OG design.
Hey Doug, pretty sure the orientation or the taillights is horizontal, not vertical…
"Doug DeMuro" is not a sentence.
Машина гавно. 1. Висока ціна. 2.малий багажник. 3. Складна панель приборів  контролю. 4.не гарний колір. 5. Краще  б зробили  з електродвигуном  . 6. Для чого збільшили потужність мотора на 50 -- 70 кінських сил якщо в США всюди обмежена швидкість руху і тільки в деяких штатах можна їхати 80 ml/h . То для чого машині такий сильний мотор якщо з більшою швидкістю їздити не можна ⁉️ 7. взагалі дизайн досить примітивний.
skip to 18:30 to hear doug squeak
I'm going to wait to get the Nismo.
Personally, I prefer how the new Supra looks, it'll be cool to see what this competition does to evolve the modern Japanese sports car
8:07-8:29 says vertical 100,000 times when they're clearly Horizontal.
What a gorgeous design!!
you don't need engine sound when you have great music.
nissan did good af
right off the bat, you can see the use of last decade's textures  and materials on  those seats  and the  hard scratchy plastics used ugh that console will be scratched up overnight those seats won't last but one summer so disappointing interior
The VQ was not beloved lol
Sounds like a Z to me. More quiet I’m sure, it’s a twin turbo after all.
I used to draw cars like this in class then throw them out for looking too much like a lemon
This is what happens when you listen to your fans. YOU SUCCEED
This is !
They gave it braces 🤢🤮
They hit a hole run with this car especially in 2022 ,   Absolutely fantastic!
So when TF can I order one in the US?
As a z32tt and z33 owner I can only say, wow what a let down. For the first time I feel like two turbos aren't enough of a consolation prize for what they did to the Z. I was hoping they would have had a sleeker, less cheap, and toned down version of the 370z for their new model. I only like the tail lights and engine. I wish it was a twin turbo inline 6 but oh well. I hate the cutoff of the bodyline going to the back, I hate the how the rear resembles a dodge and the front headlights resemble a concept car from 1999. I hate the two tone roof that splits to another color midway down the trunk, I hate the high price tag and lack of options for a 370z that got uglied up, I don't get how they stretched the roof back to be able to fit back seats but then chopped the roof down so they wouldn't fit, I hate the chrome strip, I hate the grille (actually liked the open look better), I don't like that it has a decade plus old chassis, I don't like the dated interior, I really don't like the headlights, and I really hate how it's borrowed a detail from a different model of each generation of Z and then slapped it together into a weird looking mashup of hard and soft lines with a two tone paint job.... Can we compromise and get a base model supra with the drivetrain of this?
Great video! But I think you have mistaken vertical for horizontal.
Finally, a Z that looks like a Z..thank you 😀
Ratio cannot lie, overhyped and under delivered for the price point and ugly in a basic spot of way, like the PT cruiser of sports cars.... no one cars if there's a turbo if they are like "it feels MEH, to look at"
The new Porsche GT4 manual does not have a sport button either.
at 28:00 you can tell Doug is enjoying this hell outta this car!!!
Those seats and 12v port in the passenger well are carry overs from the 370 too.  Interestingly, the C8 Corvette has a 12v port in the passenger well too.
I had a 1972 240Z
The inside is pretty bad
T Tops would be Hot !
we need a new s2k now
Respectfully I make a broad, sweeping statement regarding retro remakes: Mini, Mustang, VW beetle, Fiat 500, Land Rover defender, Suzuki Katana, etc. What is common to all of the original ICONS was simplicity in its technology but proficiency it what made it popular. It delivered the essentials - cost effective performance,(mustang), fuel efficiency with sufficient interior space(mini), robust hardwearing reliability, charm, a peoples car(VW beetle) and jeep like agricultural unapologetic functionality off road. Was there any real need to deviate from THOSE characteristics which popularised them in the first place. Research governing the tweaks have lead to a diluting of 'the essence' of most of these cars. By introducing advanced technology with generous market competitive interfaces & features, engine, transmission and ride adjustment settings, carry over parts from newer models etc, the redesigned nod to the original fails dismally. Basics with necessary technological improvements where it enhances the originals selling points, not detract from them. Does ANYONE REALLY need all those modern extras. They are missing the point. It makes me frustrated. To their credit, new corvette, Dodge demon, Ford GT40 know what they are doing. Big up to them. Thanks for reading...
Interior leaves a lot to be desired but the exterior styling of this car is a bombshell; good job Nissan!
8:19 Could someone show Doug the difference between vertical and horizontal? 😁
Silver color shows well as a definite Zagato design.
It’s fucking beautiful
Easy 500+hp with just a tune and downpipes
The massive gas door is actually an air brake for right-hand turns.
Its ugly.but at least they didn't try to copy Porsche again..
We need a econo-pulsar type
The Z32 Fairlady when introduced was just called “Z.”  That car never has “300 Z” or “300 ZX” on anything.  To be honest, just always figured we called it a 300 Z because of the 3.0, but that it wasn’t officially anything but “Z.”
woooojoooo
Nice headlights, ugly grill, ugly taillights (unlit) but they look cool when they light up. WTF were they thinking painting the roof black, body colour for sure. Katana looks ok though, would like to see it on a blue roof. Door handles are an improvement than the last two though. Wheels are another nice improvement in look. Could probably have done with one or the other for the rear badge though. The exhaust tips are an eye sore. The climate controls are shit, they were shit in the 370 and are going to be shit here... Go back to the 350 controls you could actually operate on feel alone. Carry over interior is fine, will be like coming home, I'm happy in the 370. Loving the new dash, was getting a little dated. Yes to the fat wheel, no to the glossy plastic on the switch surrounds though. The infotainment will be fine if the random function actually works, get a bit sick of it wanting to play the same half a dozen MP3s over and over. Hell yes to adaptive cruise control, that's the only driver aid I was really missing. Was into two minds about whether to upgrade, but that grey one at 8:55 has me convinced to go try it out at the very least. Hope it comes in Magma Red eventually. Thanks for making it Nissan.
Why isn't it pronounced zed? This should be C not Z.?
he's getting weirder.
So sad that it is a V6 and not an I6. :)
>50,000$ for a V6 It looks nice but no thanks.
Please do a 2010-2012 genesis coupe
Cant wait to see all the Subaru STIS WRX get really mad and beat it!!! LMAO
like that car
I think Savagegeese nails down the review way better....
Junk , and will always be Junk!!!!
Is not responsible
Love the back, love the side, but something about the front doesn't get me excited. Can't wait to get one in 2-3 years and swap out the front bumper
leave it to Nissan to make the interior look dated on a brand new product
HORIZONTAL ovals ;-)
Does it have a heated steering wheel though.
A winner for Nissan here!
The Z "sport" really looks like a 240z without that performance deck lid spoiler
It looks like something from the 90s
Man the z is a home run. Nice job Nissan can't wait to buy it used!
Whats not to like? And what a rear end! Not the craziest or prettiest looking, but sexy nonetheless.
How can the Z and Supra both score a 7 in value? The Z is a way better value than the Supra considering the you get a V6 for a lower price than the 2.0 4 cylinder in the Supra. I really don't know why anyone would buy a Supra over this.
if nissan is reusing parts from 2003. mitsubishi should make an evo with 2003 parts
I ilke the CARRRSS AND BIDS large room reverb.
"supras nicer interior" IF YOU CAN FIT INSIDE THAT DAMN THING
Someone doesn't know the different between vertical and horizontal.
Doug, there is a special sound a tuned performance engine makes.  This car makes that noise.  OK, it is a bit muted, but it is there.  And the slippery diff is a good addition.  UNfortunately, in Australia, we will be price gouged.  So along with poor customer support, we also get high car prices.
Looks a bit bulky. Not feeling it. 90's version looked the best although it was a very heavy car. I owned a 1990 Pearl yellow one.
The echo chamber for cars and bids is not very pleasant.
“ZEE”
Doug doesn't know what "vertical" means. 8:04
It sounds pretty good to me.
Buy some looser fitting shirts, Doug.
Those ovals are horizontal not vertical!
"No driver assists" sounds like a win to me.
The rear is the nicest rear I've seen in a while
In terms of deign this car is fantastic, but they really missed the mark with that weak exhaust note.
18 inch wheels looks better then 19!
It's kind of upsetting that the trim around the door handle isn't chrome. There is a clearly distinct piece of trim around it, and it's body-colored. Edit: This car also gave me "last hurrah" vibes, an homage to the best features of the best Zs. The glass, however, tells another story. It doesn't say "since 1969," it says "since 1969 -" that dash is key because it implies this isn't the end of it. Maybe when they end this run in a year or two, they will make a limited edition version with a final date, idk, but I don't think so. Edit Edit: It sounds to me like the best version of this car is the base model six-speed and then take that 10k and invest it in an after-market diff, an angle kit, an ECU, and some dyno time + tuning.
Doug's the kinda guy that goes to DC and buys the T-shirt.
I wasn't a fan at first but now... my goodness I cannot wait to get my hands on one of these sexy things
I have a 2021 mustang gt , heated and cooled seats . 460 hp. Standard transmission..and it's not a performance package... Leather , white stitching leather shifter ..etc..for just under 43 grand
sees left fender gap WOOOOW lexus level ingenuity 5:51 above the HL tight hood to bumper gap, sees right fnder/hood gap AHHH nissan. I thought the overalls were tighter at first. Couldnt even see the rear fender/hood tolerances. but w.e not bein nitpicky just at the stamp i was like HOLY when i saw that HL/gap area 6:13 even...sure the molding matches but look how the door/skin lips, aero? or just typical manufacturing constraint/aspects. These things are going to be driven hard as far as the 6spd so i wonder how theyll hold up since im obviously aiming to be a pre-owned buyer. I get that its a test car or etc...but if theyre making a good amount of these and its not part of the design...the idea of having to re adjust your own new car door to be flush with your rear panel is kinda like come on. Down the whole door line IM telling you as a car guy those moldings/gaps are only going to get worse and potentially have a gimmicky aspect if not well kept off set katana etc like a lineing up gap...or sticking out from the car type of hump gap.
Doug, those tail lights look very much horizontal, not vertical ;)
No home screen? It looks like the menu button is the home screen. It even has a home icon. 👀
I'm loving the styling updates from the pre-production models, especially the 300ZX-style rear end.  It looks great.  I do wish there wasn't such a huge gap between the tires and the wheel arches, though.
Perfection. Nissan did it. Keep it simple stupid….
I'm excited for it. Don't understand any complaints about platform age I've seen. Us enthusiasts will always find a way to complain haha. Update a platform every few years? "Why change it if it ain't broke??" Keep a platform around for awhile? "Jeez, they never update this thing! Why not??"
Ghastly interior
I daily drive an Evo 9 and am looking to retire it to a weekend car. Was looking to possibly get into one of these but after watching this video I’m gonna skip.   Since I’d be going for the base model it’s lacking comfort features that I would want. I’m now leaning to a used Q50/60 since I had a G37 before.  It’s a great looking car though and I look forward to seeing them on the road!
I hate that I love the look of this car, never looked twice at a Nissan made past 1990 but man they nailed it. timeless rear end imo 🤷🏼‍♂
Cool factor on the C8 is WAY too low.
Doug, you fooled me when you said, “The real question of course is, how does it drive?” I thought you were gonna say, how much is the stealership going to charge?
Sport model looks way better than the performance, the two tone just doesn’t work
*Horizontal...... horizons are horizontal.
The silver " blade ", is supposed be a katana  sword blade.thats what I was told on another , more indebt chanel.
The design is a little uninspiring Could’ve done with more retro elements
I love it, but people have to stop saying that it's such a bargain compared to the supra. Base model to base model yes, but fully loaded, the supra craps allover the z. For only a couple of thousand more. That same couple of thousand you'll use to make it as fast as the supra. Additionally everyone by now knows the supra is underrated, so the hp to hp comparo is also invalid. With that being said I do think the Z is the better looking car, it's more understated and pays hommage to the original.
Beautiful Japanese design, too bad it does not come with rear seats for us with kids…
Ooohhh....I want 1.  I have a '91 300ZX,  a '04 350Z and a '10 370Z same color as that one.  I need to get a '23 Roadfster!
I live in Houston and called various dealers about getting one.  The cheapest ADM (additional dealer mark-up) I could find was an extra $2200 and up dealers planned on additionally charging for the car.  Wonder if Nissan knows about this....I just can't bring myself to pay an additional $2200 for window tint, fabric & paint protection.  I'll just keep driving my 2022 BRZ.....
Doug,      Just so you know early Z cars had L6 inline 6 motors ...  Not V6's ...   Also out going Z cars 370's ...   Have a 3.7 V6. Not 3.5 ... Thus the 370 badge... Twin turbos ... will cause motor to take the Dirt Nap 50 to 100 thousand miles before the 370 non turbo...    Just my opinion...
Oooooooo👀😎
My only complaint is that they didn’t base the exterior off the 350z since most of us grew up with that car. No one in their 20-30s remembers the 240z. But love everything else.
This car is ugly as fk. It looks like a 90’s Supra from the back and nothin like a 300Z. Headlights are too small and out of proportion with the body and don’t get me started on the front grille. 🤦🏻‍♂️ The 370Z was iconicand deserved better.
vertical I Horizontal ---
Makes you wonder what they’ll make different about the nismo version 🤔
Most excellent review! Wow!😂
Vertical taillight design???  Don't you mean horizontal?
13 : 27 bad stitching finished
putin loves it
I like everything but the exhaust notes & that’s a easy fix
Personally it gives me hot wheels vibes, I love this car!!
Those silver lines look awful.
the base model wheels look so good!
Does the plate says Dildo 😂
Great looking car, just the door handles and the duct tail spoiler don‘t work for me
@10:14 did I just see it blow blue exhaust smoke? Ah yes, yes I did.
Zed
The “useless” red lights in the rear are the rear fog lights for the european market. Here are mandatory.
Naming a car model with that letter at a time like this... nissan have gone crazy
Doug what the hell is wrong with you. Talking in front of that Supra was like listening to the pope yell in a cathedral. The reverb was off the charts. Don’t do that
Definitely better than new joke “pregnant” Acura Integra.
I expected more
I personally think the new exhaust sounds better, I really don't  like the trumpety sound of the 350 and 370. It just made me want to put a big muffler on them that is quieter than stock.
I like the previous designs much better... I was hoping id like the new design as much or better. This is a design down grade in my opinion... Im bummed.
This Nissan is totally groovy 😎
Why he rub the shifter like that 💀
Nice review as expected. I liked the 350Z (according to Need for Speed Underground), not so much the 370Z with its ugly shaped tail- and backlights. Thist one is very nice. Cool old school design in front and back. The interiour... nah... My request as usual: please, please, PLEASE!!!! bring back the extended Doug Score.
How does the Z sport look so much better
A brand new, 400hp Z with a warranty and modern conveniences does make the current bubble for 90s car prices seem a bit...silly. I mean I love an FD RX-7, but the prospect of owning one, fixing it, sourcing parts, worrying about putting miles on it etc for the same money as this sure is a juxtaposition...
drive modes with a manual...  want to drive fast?  Drive fast!  Want to take it easy?  Take it easy!  wtf who cares
Boring
I love seeing both Toyota and Nissan delivering big time to car enthusiasts in a time where most OEM's are leaving us behind. The Corolla GR will be the choice for me because I need rear seats, but as a former 350ZR owner, I appreciate that this new Z exists and if it is around long enough (could be considering how long the 350/370's lasted), maybe I will get one when back seats are no longer a requirement.
2020 Supra DS was 63, 2021 Supra DS was 64... why are they 62 now? Are Doug Scores dynamic now?
Pretty cheap price
Doug be at the strip club like "Theeeeese"
I like it. No faux intake ducts, over intricate slits and grooves in the fascia.
Horizontal ovals. They are verticals if I watch the video sideways though.
VERTICAL OVALS...UHHH...Let's go with "horizontal" ovals
Tthhhiiifffssssss
The interior feels plasticky and dated. Looks like a 10 year old interior with some LCDs.
That base model value is impressive. They needed a homerun and they delivered.
Doug the kind of guy that starts a review of a Nissan Z advertising his website in front of a Toyota Supra. 🤣
18 years ago I bought my 77 280Z.  While I liked the Z32, 350Z, and 370Z just fine, this is the first new car I really like and would love to own.  I won't be able to buy one, but no doubt in my mind, I'd love to stick this in the garage with the 77 and make it my daily.
BUT!
Battery voltage gauge probably should of been an accelerometer. C'mon Nissan. But what a fantastic car
Cool car, but paying 50k for a platform and interior from 10 years ago is going to be a hard sell for a lot of people. don't get me wrong i like it, but i don't see it selling well.
240Zs were supposed to have covered headlights but some DOTs ruined that, I found a set for mine eventually. Oh man I hated the giant silver door handles on the last two generations. I'll keep my 240, I don't like modern sports cars. Well one of the three gauges on the dash is a clock in the 240Z so I guess with the digital screen they didn't need that.
Hate the headlights!
I really like the ode to the retro models in the design. Particularly the rear lights from the 300ZX.
quick note of contention, those tail light ovals are technically horizontal, not vertical. | is vertical, -- is horizontal. Unless of course you're laying on your side lol.
This car needs to be added to FH5 asap, with body mods hopefully
Horizontal VS vertical.  There is a difference
Im pretty sure those tail lights are horizontal not vertical ovals pal
Good to see something other than a CUV or SUV from a manufacture.
Back In The Day....  Auto journalists tended to dislike the Z32's 'unimaginative' rear end. I guess a few decades changed all that? I have a stock garaged 91 Z32.
Horizontal
Damn i was really hoping for something more. The 370z is already dated and a rehash of the 350.And this is basically a rehash of that with a 3.0 turbo. Kinda let down not gonna lie. Why buy this when the 370 arguably looks better for way less and with a few gs could have the same if not more hp on a stocl bottem end
We know now that the Supra 3.0 is faster, so much for how it feels ;)
It'll get your milk, that's for sure.
It gonna be hard to beat the zupra
So the Base is for tuner that gonna change spoilers, wheels, seats, sound and others stuff anyway. The Performance is to enjoy the car directly !
Wish more automakers would keep the good part of their concept cars.
VERTICAL TAIL LIGHTS!!!
I still dont understand why it weighs 3600 pounds
"Vertical oval in the tail lights" *horizontal
Nisson Z
Call me strange, older is nicer and has more character. Alot if new cars are a disappointment
4:25 "Looks great, elegant, relatively simple without some extra unnecessary visual drama like *some* new cars have..." I was totally waiting for a pic of the Supra with monkey sounds.
Notorious problem with transmission
nissan did this correct
I had a 2010 370z.  Although it looked great, it was probably one of the worst cars I have every drove.  Absolutely horrible road noise, rough riding, jerky in the corners, oversteered at almost every turn, horrible visibility, and the absolute worst sounding engine.  Never again.
Doug says it's the return of the Z but in my opinion the previous 350Z/350Z is a Z car too  ya the new car looks like a classic Z, so I guess that's what Doug is trying to say
Good review. Thank you.
it is ugly.
Doug's the kind of guy that confuses horizontal with vertical.
Its called zed, not cee
The new Supra has a challenger 🤗
That blue interior😍😍😍😍
It's just a manual Q60 :/
I like it!  Good on Nissan for making this.  I lost all interest in the Japanese brands over the last decade or so as they stopped making fun cars.  Being a 90's kid, growing up and loving a lot of the legendary Japanese sports cars it's a shame that the brands kind of fizzled out.  I've moved onto BMW M's, AMG's and Porsches since then.  The Supra came out not long ago but I already have a B58 BMW so no interest.  But this new Z has me excited and definitely has my attention!
Whew!  I'm still looking for the "vertical ovals"!  :-)
If you think about that voltage meter it’s will still work when the battery close to dead so every else can be shown in the gauge cluster because who need to know what there oil temp when the car won’t stop pretty smart
I think Doug should start having a "Doug butt dyno" list from now on 🤣🤣
BUTTTTT anyway
I don't think that battery volt meter is a "cop out". I love having an actual volt meter in my car to monitor if voltage drops. It has saved me few times in my cars in the past. If you catch the voltage dropping early enough you can get your car somewhere safe or to your mechanic before you get stranded.
Damn. Between this and the 2023 GR Corolla I'm wondering if 2023 is gonna be the start of the last great era for internal combustion performance cars (reasonably priced, consumer-accessible ones, anyway).
It's true that base z killed base supra. But only if you don't live in Europe
I Haven’t seen such abomination since the fiat multipla came out
"Revving out a Camry... Cause he is mad in traffic.  " I actually LOL😂😂😂
Meh. I think the interior of the car is hideous. The outside looks good though.
I don't like the Renault and CVT drama that are hallmarks of many Nissan vehicles for the past two decades.  This new "Z" is not offered with a CVT, but a traditional 3-pedal manual and a slushbox automatic are what Doug mentioned are the two gearboxes offered.  It should be a better car than most of what Nissan has offered in recent years.  I'm still not looking forward to doing servicing and repairs in that engine compartment.  After doing a handful of head-gasket jobs and a couple of engine swaps on various vehicles, the first complete engine rebuild/overhaul I did was a '77 280Z.  That was fun!  It was even more fun after it was done and I got to take it out on the road and row through the gears.  I would like to drive the new Z and the new Supra, but the long-term reliability and repair situation scare me (BMW's contribution to the Supra).
And it looks outdated already.Almost 2003 year it looks better.It's average or below, why? Game is lost.
Doug the type of guy who can't tell apart vertical and horizontal.
The fact I used to feel happy my tc with an intake sounded like a v6 camry. Now I watched this I'm like "dam it sounds like a v6 camry..."
Am I the only one who sees Z and links it instantly with latest Russian 'Special Operation' where they use Z literally everywhere?
Now we have to wait another 20 years before the next Z redesign.
Whoa. Brilliant car Nissan!
https://youtu.be/Y5D-4JyG2dA?t=492 CORRECTION: HORIZONTAL OVALS (not vertical)
The exhaust is lame
Too heavy for a 2 seater.
Soooo happy to see so many comments saying they love this thing for all the same reasons I do! I've seen wayyy to many Facebook comments hating on the looks of this thing and for the life of me I don't understand. It has sooo many throwback design elements from every single Z car before it and they work so well together it's insane. It's not a spaceship wannabe like so many manufacturers are doing nowadays. It's seriously perfect in my eyes. Not to mention all the functionality of it like the manual drive train and non electric handbrake. This thing is gonna sell sell sell. Can't wait to own one when I can actually afford it 😅 imma poor boi 😂
nobody: Dout DeMuro carefully choosing the room with the worst audio ever
Can’t wait for dealerships to be selling these for $80k 🥲
Feels faster than the supra? I'm also worried that the transmission/suspension aren't amazing. Idk if my hopes were too high, but I wish they gave it more personality, in terms of not re-using a ton of the previous gen parts.. I love the power I just didn't want that to be the most important aspect of the car. I'm critiquing though which I tend to do for things that I love, I have a hard time settling, and really appreciate things that are done to the fullest of their capacity. I'm sure the after market/tuners will really dial this car in as they always have.
Doug. I think it would be pretty awesome if you made a video on your other channel about what it takes and how much research you have to do to make one of these videos
@10:22 I don’t know Doug. It actually sounds pretty good. Like I’m thinking about all of the different ways that people are going to put exhaust systems on this car. But just being stock it sounds really good
Doug is the type of guy to mix up vertical and horizontal 🤣 I think the car looks good, but I do like the original grill from the concept better than the new grill with the little ovals
They should’ve kept the chrome number to break up the grill.  Looks like a 370Z with its mouth open
Headlights are ugly should be like in the Datsun.
Vertical = Up and Down Horizontal = Left to Right
I love my Nismo, but I will definitely be test driving one of these.
Vertical is not horizontal.
can we bring back t-tops?
I kinda like it. The 90's zx was still the hottest. I do like the throwbacks to the 90's and prev. models.
Vertical Ovals ... "Horizontal".
How does a car that has technology, that wasnt even "cutting edge", from 13 yrs ago, get anything above a 5 in features, comfort, quality, and value?  And above a 5 is being nice about it.  For $50k, you need to do better than "tech" from a decade ago in those specs...  Also I hear the cars computer wont allow you to burn out.  Hows that addressing the subject of "We know what our buyers are looking for out of this"?  You had it right when you called it a 370Z with a new engine.  You gave a great review and then a bogged final report card.  Ignoring the report card, this was a good informative review.
the z should be crossed out that is russian propaganda
Yes finally I needed this
Eh, I've been in worse backseats.  A first gen Mini, for instance.
It's the infiniti Red Sport 400 rebadged. Had one for 5 years now.
Can we give Nissan props for listening to their fans?
I will buy z over supera anytime on the basis of looks alone
I may be completely wrong, but I suspect this will be the final Z model for a decently long time.  The fact that they re used so much including the entire chassis from the 370z makes this essentially a very very intensive redesign, rather than a new platform. It's a mashup of a lot of pre-developed drivetrain and interior parts all put together with new sheet metal.   Also, the retro design combines a little of each generation, which may not mean much in itself, but it could signal no next generation/ clean sheet platform. Finally, I find it mildly interesting that they included the font on the rear window to say "since 1969 -" instead of just "since 1969."   I suspect they may be planning a top trim, limited edition farwell model in the future as a send off which may put a date after the hyphen in the "Since 1969 -" font.  Again, I could be wrong, but it wouldn't be a bad way to make a heritage based send-off with a cash-cow limited final edition, to possibly give way to the next generation hybrid/electric Nissan sports car.  We'll see.
how can nissan make the ugliest cars then make this masterpiece
I'll take it!  I had a 2003 350Z and it was a blast!
THANK GOD. No different driving modes. I hate people who buy a car like this just to put it in comfort mode. No. No comfort mode for you 😎
i really need this car
What is this ZEE you speak of? Don't you mean ZED?
i have a feeling an ioniq 5 at the same price would outrun it in a drag race
Horizontal ovals. Not Vertical....
Good ladies coup - pity for the men that wanted one, but sometimes you got to make one for the ladies, so well done Nissan
lol 4 cylinder supras will depreciate to 30k now (really interesting!)
i wish some one would clip and count how many times "Z" was said in this video i think it would be hilarious 😂
This car is based on Nissan's FM platform, which first appeared in 2002 (in the US) on the Infiniti G35. Since that platform underpins the current Infiniti Q50/Q60, it's not like this is based on obsolete technology.
Nissan C ?
I'm honestly glad that the VQ drone is gone. I absolutely *hated* that sound.
REVIEW THE Z32!!!
It's nice, power and all, but I think the back end looks terrible.
eeeehhhh, seems like it was made with cheap materials.... kinda sad they put a lot of effort in the exterior but horrible interior....
Man. Nissan knows their customers pretty well... Everything seems cheaped out simple black plastic everywhere no aids same buttons from 2009 nissan sentra etc...  interesting buy 😂
Now wait for Honda to make a new S2000.
That rear spoiler is so terrible.
But Dyno Approved
it's just lipstick on a pig on a 370z. the added HP isn't worth the extra 10K from the last gen.
So no one is going to mention the fact that Doug got vertical and horizontal mixed up when talking about the taillights?
The massive fuel door is probably a tell that this is on the old Z platform. Idc this update is more than enough, but important to note.
The exhaust on the automatic is louder than the manual
Looks like a parts bin afterthought with minivan seats.
One word, gorgeous.
Do we pronounce it as 'zeee' or 'zed'
This is the first Nissan I’ve had the hots for in a long time tbh.
Enters mazda miata that does everything you mention companies don't. Na meets epa, New everything.
The rear is a little weird right?
Between sport and performance, whats the hp and torque difference?
The sewing detail at 13:45 looks downright amateurish. As to the acceleration getting an 8?  That means, from PAST Doug reviews, suggests a 0-60 time in the upper 3s.  Does it do that with 400HP and the car weigh ~3450lbs? Doubtful.
What a time for this name....
*ZED
Black blue interior looks good
HORIZONATL DOUG, THOSE ARE HORIZONTAL
Why were you caressing the shift knob like that Doug?
if you buy a sport car and upset over driver aid features.... you don't deserve to own the car.
Thissszzzz
Nissan did a wonderful job but the extra power doesn't mean much versus the Supra since it weighs a few hundred more pounds.  Think the manual Supra will be faster out of the box but who cares considering the Z is undercutting it by quite a bit.
Anyone still thinks 300zx was the prettiest Z ever built.
NIssan should be really disappointed with russians contaminating the letter Z..
just called a local dealer, looks like markups for most will be 20k above, the dealer i talked to is doing 10k markups. looks like im going to have to wait a year or 2..
It's like a Mustang and a 350z had a baby...  I like it.
Great car! Not available in Europe 😞
I really enjoy how Doug does smooth transitions from front to the back of the car to the engine to the driving experience.
As an owner of a 1973 240 Z, the Battery Voltage meter on top of the dash is one of the most useful gauges in that old car, so I'm happy to see it return in the new Z. Hopefully I'll be able to pick one of these up in Silver to match my old 240. Great review, Doug, let me know if you want to do a review of my 240Z.
Russians are gonna love it!
18 psi oil pressure at idle 😂😂😂
Ah. Voltmeter. They must be see a motorweek review....
This is such a beautiful, beautiful car
I’ve heard from other people that the trans and clutch feel great….like the trans is much better than the 370z and clutch feel is just better
So, I hear its time to pick up the previous 370Z
It seems to be a Japanese C6 Corvette. It is heavier, lacks the targa top, looks to have less room under the hatchback, and lacks the sounds of the LS V8. It does have a more crisp and friendly image. The turbo must be nice in the mountains. The interior seems to be the only winner over a used C6.
The VQ35/37R was a legendary engine. I will be curious to see how this new one holds up.
Great looking car with just enough retro, much prefer it to the Supra. Shame its not coming to the UK, according to many sources.
11:45 That also annoys me: Nice that they used the badge as trunk opener, BUT why is the backup camera right next to it oddcenter on that big panel and not also integrated better? Could have stuck it on the top part of the Nissan logo or centered it somewhere else :)
I'm the guy flooring it in a V6 Camry, because I'm mad in traffic 🤣
真酷
I really wanted to love it, but think it's absolutely hideous.
Who wants lane departure. Not people who likes Z cars
Horizontal is side to side, vertical is up and down. The horizon line always goes side to side.
I think this one is not meant for Europe
A voltage gauge is far more important than you may realize.  It's typically one I add, especially in a limited use vehicle as you can see at a glance if the battery is topped off, and if the charging system is working properly.  Much more telling than a warning light.    Having it up and to the middle out of your immediate line of sight is also very handy.  Notice they have a boost gauge in the performance screen, as well as water/oil temperature, diff temp, and oil pressure.  All much more important "need to know right now" gauges, while the secondary boost gauge, turbine speed, and voltage are secondary but useful.  I'd also love for manufacturers to stop "including" navigation.  As long as you have car play/android auto, you have navigation.  It's also always up to date, and generally better.
i was never really a fanboy of nissan but this beauty is slowly becoming my absolute favourite car
I hate the secondary colour in the roof
With the name like this the car must be a hit in Russia
Well done Nissan
I loved this car the moment they showed us pictures of it, I wouldn't need the car to have the best techs inside of it and it's not a drawback at all to not have the latest techs, this car is all about experience not about how many high-end electronics installed on it. I want to easy to repair, not annoying to repair. God, this car is so beautifully designed!
Nissan is pathetic serves them well for jailing Carlos Ghosn
way better than the supra
How's the tranny
Car really looks good in red with the red
Amazing car
It's a terrible redesign 🥴🥴🥴
The return of the legend?  the Datsun ? Like the Supra - they could have used the  2jz instead of stupid BMW. Nissan should have used a better engine than the anemic V6 -- they could have used the legendary RB26 this year, then Rb28 next year then finalize it with the bang RB30 -  it will sound better and mucho  power !
Why do Americans say knee saan 🤮
I might be in the minority but I think the 370z still looks way better in every way, front end, side profile, rear end, wider body with better curves plus the forged Rays wheels look a lot better. The performance of this new Z is amazing though.
the tail lights are horizontal not vertical
17:11 👀
🗑
I can’t believe you gotta pay 51k to get an LSD. That’s something that should be standard.
I love the new Z but I really wish it offered T-Tops!
Doug, you need to add this as your intro and/or outro music 👉🏼👉🏼👉🏼 https://youtu.be/0LLZ-PIx6Ss  Thank me later
is this all wheel drive
The menu is the Home Screen Doug 😂
My man doesn't know virtical from horizontal
exhaust note is monumentally disappointing, esp considering how perfect the g35 from 15 years ago was.
Not the best name for the times. I could never buy one, as my dad would disavow me, I could never leave it anywhere in the fields, afraid that a tractor might just yank it, and my Ukrainian neighbours, most probably would just leave a pile of shit on my bonnet every night, unless I would paint it blue and yellow and add "f#*% Putin" decal... I presume ;)
I rather get the Supra..it looks so much better and the BMW is no joke..the Z looks the same as the past 2 decades and they drag races the top Z vs the top Supra and guess who won??.The BMW engine Supra. Just because the Z has 20 more hp don't mean it's faster
Nissan did an amazing job with this car and I definitely want one. They did tue right thing by saving money at the right places to put it into others. Love the throwback stuff. Did a great job with building a car for car people.
Anybody know what kinda space the Interior has? I’m 6’5 with very long legs. Clearly Nissan did a great job but idk if I’ll fit in it.
Personally I think the rear looks more like a 240sx. But either way the car looks bad ass !
Will 100% be buying a nismo version new and keeping it forever
I am a little disapointed in the platform reuse ONLY cause i couldnt really fit in the outgoing model very well. So knowing that the interior space is meant for smaller people I would have to immediately pass on that. but I do think it looks a lot better than the Supra. On paper this should do well. I got my fingers crossed for Nissan!
The car itself looks fantastic but I love it even more for what it represents: an honest, no-frills sports car for the dwindling segment of buyers that are the true enthusiasts. The only problem will be the dealers charging $90k for these things.
Honestly these sports cars meed to be more simple. Less gimmicks and teck and just meant to be driven. I will say they couldve added to the interior to make it much nicer but...z owners love to reupholster everything anyways 😂
17:24 Bro NEVER puts the link below! NEVER! I've NEVER seen a promised link, why does he keep doing this!?
Large vertical ovals are horizontal...
The first thing I'm doing is wrapping the silver katana black
Honestly this is a win for Nissan because how they keep the cost down and its in-house built by Nissan.. its the only car keeps the old schoolish Japanese sportscar tradition.. im glad they keep the manual transmission as an option and also kept the manual handbrake.. i dont really care if they carried some parts from the 370z.. wait till they built this car and appear in SEMA
Acura should've taken notes for the Integra.
From the side it looks EXACTLY like the new Toyota GR86
Doug, the reused interior switches are just heritage items ;)
The front bumper corners and grille isn't doing it for me.   The Nissan badging and branding should be more modest Apart from that, seems good
Dang! I'm genuinely interested in this and I'm more of a Mustang/Camaro/Challenger guy.
Looks great without the wing
Who buys radar detectors LOL
I don't know why but I just felt like the entire car was right when it was revealed, something was saying "dude don't worry, this is gonna be awesome"
Nissan got bashed for years of not building halo cars, the GTR35 going away leaves amssive hole. But this Z will fill the gap. Cant wait for these to used as drift missles in a few years :) The new Z looks good overall but I think they could have gotten it better in the front: The headlights of the Abarth 124 Spider looks more like a 240Z, also that big rectangular radiator opening doesnt quite fit even tho they tried to fix the large black hole it was on the concept. Also these large silver trim pieces on the roof should be ordered black or wrapped. Lets see what a Nismo version will look like...
Those buttons aren't lifted from a 370Z, my 2004 G35 had the same exact ones.
Great Nissan.
I was thinking about your comments on the clutch feel. Most people who buy the manual are going to inevitably replace the clutch at some point of they keep it long enough. The aftermarket will absolutely solve that problem and likely the Nismo version will as well (if offered as a stick).  I like a mid travel pedal myself. I want it to fully disengage at 8/10s and fully engage at half pedal. I hate having to mash the pedal clear to the floor.  It just feels mushy to me at that point.
horizontal, not vertical ovals, Doug.
I don’t think they need all the bells and whistles for a sports car. I’ve had several old performance cars with no more than an AM radio.
Great to have the Nissan Z back, and relevant again. Couple of things:  Hope a convertible's on the way.  I really wish they'd gone with a Straight 6. I understand the importance of turbo-charging in this market segment, but paired with a nice smooth Straight 6 like the original Z, well....that would've been outstanding, and in keeping with the pick-off-the-menu retro approach they're taking with this car.  Wondering if there's gonna be an Infiniti version. They've done that in the past (the G35), and I always thought  that doing that kinda watered down the brand. But I've been wrong before....
Car is gonna sell like hotcakes
Doug said the VQ sounded great 😭
Yep, not gonna lie, I do like the Z more than the Supra.
Guarantee these dealerships are gonna inflate the f*ck out of those MSRP tags. Just watch. I'm predicting an average price tag of over $80k.
My neighbors New Civic looks more aggressive than this 🤣
Wish they made it electric
Maybe it’s the color but this is a really ugly car
So with the MSRP finally out, for $50K (performance) it looks like I’m sticking with the M240i, seems like you get a lot more bang for your buck with BMW !
I’ll lovingly call this the “Franken-Z” 😂
Would be interested if it came in a rear-biased AWD.
Doug is the kind of guy who mixes horizontal with vertical :D
I cant wait to see modified versions of this, I'm sure the widebody versions are going to look insane. And the power gains you'll get for $3k-$5k would cost $12k-$15k to get out of a 370z.
Sweet w the retro looks.   Love the side profile. Looks jaguarish F-Type
I thought Nissan changed the model name because of the war in Ukraine?
Looks too outdated already. I will cop the supra instead
What you guys think the markups will be?
For like 2 grand you could get that thing faster than the 6 cylinder Supra
I like everything about this car except the interior, it feels cheap.
Ugly back end!!!
Open the hood!!! 🤤🤤🤤🤤
I guess, Nissan has predicted war in Ukraine, therefore we won't get it Europe - since letter "Z" is identified with the Russian occupation 🧐
As a Canadian it drives me crazy every time you say “zee”. Everyone knows Z = zed!
This is the new 2023 nizzan z me:*devil z intensifies*
Thisssssssssssss isss the!!!
Doug "Power Bulge" DeMuro
Nice they have Bose stereo
8:15 did you mean horizontal? You said vertical lol
vertical vs horizontal -_- probably if You drive it like intended on the side
Z is the only non V8 id buy. Love it.
dat R E V E R B on the Cars & Bids ad; best one of the lot!
I want one .. as ex 350Z owner, this is a perfect sports car that can do all the GT stuff brilliantly
Give it a year and I bet you they road change the manual transmission different options
This car is what enthusiasts say they want. Hopefully they actually buy it.
You mean “horizontal”
Are you on cocaine?
If I had to have a Japanese car, it would either be Miata or the new Z
What a fucking ugly outdated car
Actually battery voltage is more important than turbine spin time because it may have a huge impact on ECU like injectors timing etc. To be honest this gauge is useless, they should put AFR in there.
It's not Z it's Zed
can this be a drift car?
I’m curious to see if they will make a Nismo model of this gen in the future and what that model will entail.
Sorry after listening  and wacht your video I don't even want to test drive it made me l were no 🥱👎 Doug dam stop
Tail lights appear horizontal not vertical.
Where’s da turbo noise
Absolutely HORRIBLE!  It looks like a speedboat. I do not understand why some think this is attractive, except for the fact that many, many recent designs are far uglier than this. WHEN WILL THIS FAD END????
Looks like aGTR
Retro throwback in the same sentence as a reference to the 2000's...I need a hip replacement after that.
Hey Doug! Did I hear you mention there will be a Manual a90 Supra?
The 370Z has the 12 volt in the passenger footwell, the same traction button, and handbrake. Standard.
00:31 😂😂 the power of Doug's "Cars and Bids" is at a new high
“No Home Screen on the infotainment system.” Hits menu button and the screen shows it’s the home scree
This is the new car I've been looking for, will be buying in the next few years. Curious about if they do a Nismo model sooner or later  . . .
40k and it doesn't have an LSD??? That just made my choice between Mustang GT and the Z a whole lot easier...
The menu button looked like a home screen to me!
the shitty plastics typical from a Japanese car, are still there...even after 25 years....  28:01 psycho look
I feel like the Doug from when he first started making video reviews wouldn’t have tried to put lipstick on a pig by saying it’s “sharing the platform with the old one.”  That’s a good one. When a company doesn’t upgrade, or evolve, something they just “sharing with the previous generation.”  Apple not iterating a new processor, well, they’re just sharing the previous generation with the current one.
i wish all cars actually had a battery volt meter as standard
13:45 That overlapping stitching looks pretty poor.
looks like it's not gonna sell well in Ukraine n sell well in Russia 🙃
The "chrome trim" is actually a satin aluminum design peace mimicking a Japanese katana which usually represents strength, honor, and durability. The section over the window is the 'tip of the sword' for visual reference
This guy needs to take his medications... His hands movements are getting out of control as much his head and body gesture... It is just too much to watch
Great car! Great review! It doesn't need a sport mode cause when it's manual the sport/comfort mode is yourself driving
0-60 is not faster than the supra
the new supra has 382hp and a manual transmision also. And for what i´ve seen it´s actually faster than the Z. As always, like on most bmw the power is seriusly under rated. It should be around 420hp.
80k in australia so not affordable. But gotta love the Z for not reinventing the wheel for making  few but major improvements over the last z
Nissan, thank you for offering 3-pedals!!!
What I got out of this is the Performance model is not worth the 10k extra. Buy the Sport and use the 10k to upgrade anything you don't like to be better than the Performance. I almost think they made the Performance just to have an extra trim level. At this point I think the "upgrades" the Performance has should have just been a la carte options.
You meant to say horizontal tail lights
Nissan Z vs BMW Z
Nissan please add more gloss black plastic, I like to see my fingerprints everywhere, and I love the way how dust shines when sunlight hits the gloss plastic dash.
Not a good time to have Z badges
7:36 Doug's knee towel makes a cameo
There is an awful lot to like about this car. I do think it's about 10% over priced, though. It kicks the crap out of the strangely styled Supra if you ask me.
HORIZONTAL, DOUG
Looks like no headroom...
Vertical is the new horizontal :D
Doug, you keep saying vertical when things are horizontal
Doug: The car doesn't even sound good Car: Baaaaaaaaahhhh Bahhhhhhhhh
This is the first desirable Nissan in 10-12 years.
18:02 The Fuck is Tik-Tok radio?
Practicality same as GR86 which actually has back seats and more trunk space? wut?
Nice car, pity they won't let us have it in Europe 😐 ....  But great for ye 😀🤘 .
I’m so pissed that this doesn’t come to Europe
Great looking car. Although, I think this car came out too late. With performance electrics, gas prices and general trends, I don't think this car will sell as well if it was released earlier.
This car is so wild, the vertical taillights look horizontal!
To make a true Datsun 280Z body you need the T tops . I love how they got the twin-turbo part right from the early 90s and I love how they put a 6-speed in it. And I love how it looks like a 280Z Datsun. But they still need to put T-tops
Well they got the turbo part right and they got the 6-speed manual part right. But they still didn't put T - tops back in it.
Too much talking!! Like to see the car not the yapping!!
Me after watching this vid : F*ck Supra , All my homies are Nissan Z gang
Now all we need is a Mazda RX and bring the speed series back.
🤔......."vertical" ovals in the taillights???
ngl, this thing straight piped would sound killer
Everything this car lacks its everything it doesnt need. Stop complaining.
It sounds exactly as my 350Z did before the exhaust swap. I think your comment about the sound is not accurate, Doug. ;) Car that I will probably keep for another 20years. If they keep selling me gasoline. Ageless design and simple functional build with sweet sounds. Z has a recipe for a win-win.
Absolutely love this car. Nissan clearly has true enthusiasts working for them and I really appreciate the decisions they made.
Day 41 of asking Doug to review a Subaru Legacy Spec B
The rear is the best part of the exterior by far. I like the rest of it, but the back is *mean!*
I honestly do not like the 400z
The 18” wheels look better than the 19”
Doug: This car doesn't sound as good as the naturally aspirated one  Everyone else: Thats fine, straight pipe incoming
This looks like the perfect tuners car.
As usual, you reimagine old classics and modern safety laws mean the proportions look all wrong.
This car will be very popular in Russia.
THISSSS is a rebodied 370Z, because Nissan is too poor to build a proper Z from scratch, and today I'm going to try and understand why on earth you'd spend more money to buy this instead, and then I'm going home.
Not that I'm in the market for a rear wheel sports car at the moment but I think I prefer the sport edition to the performance.
*horizontal
I love this car I love how you depth tour on this car And i hope can afford one 😌
This might be the last ICE Z car
I really wish I could afford one. I'd get the sport just to save a few bucks. Nissan really nailed the look for this.
My 7 year old Ford escape has a better infotainment screen...
Let's see if they solved the very common and Nissan denied clutch overheating problem.  It's an ABSOLUTE deal breaker to ever buying another Z!
Japan will never miss......
...it looks like a blue door stop....sigh.....
Bright and blue and... bright blue
I honestly didn't think that NIssan could build a good Z in the current state, but they did. I really love how it looks and I really want one. But I can't get one here in Europe due to emission standards
Door handle shape is closer to the outgoing model than the OG but okay. Idk. The whole “lets put the same old bits on our new car” just looks lazy and uninspired. Chrome side trim is goofy and cheap looking.  Literally the only good looking thing on the car is the taillights.
Looks horrible like an SUV has been reamed into a bloated sports car. No thanks
"Why would anyone want a 4 Cylinder Supra instead of the Z?"   Probably everyone living in Europe not getting the Z😢
I can see this car aging well 🔥
Doug, you missed a throwback. When you opened up the rear hatch, the two towers housing the rear suspension...  Other than the headlights, that is the one thing I remember from my dad's Z in the early eighties, since I was susually in back!
THISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Body size and styling is so meh. Just another Kia or Hyundai puttering along. Lackluster and lame and looks cheap
I just think the supra looks way better
How is it named in europe since Z cant be used anymore 🤡™️
Hey. The voltmeter is definitely useful. Wish I had one of those before I left on a roadtrip and had to replace my battery in a parking lot. Not a huge deal but definitely more of a pain than doing it in my garage.
It was sponsored by Bri...meh
Doug do you really think its lower quality and worse value than the 370z Nismo?
aren't all ovals horizontal?
Driver aids 👎
I think it's gonna be popular to paint or tape the chrome side piece to black, especially with the black roof options.
horizontal
kind of worrying a new cars oil pressure is 19. thats mighty low
I seem to be the only person who thinks this car is ugly...
Aren’t those ovals “horizontal”?🤔
It’s absolutely hideous. From every angle. There is not one redeeming line or panel on this travesty. Furthermore, it’s now been proven to be slow as well. Anyone who buys this one a Supra, or Porsche, or dozens of other machines, is a moron.
Doesn't quite sound as good as the old NA Z, uh that's an understatement. Looks cool though.
Honestly i dont like it, i dont like the extrrior design, i love the back headlights though. Nice powertrain, but lacks uniqueness to me
16:40 - OMFG I LOVE NISSAN FOR THAT. I hate driving modes and other bs. My right foot is my driving mode and Nissan seems to get it.
If carry over switches is what is needed for a new sports car.... Old switchgear it is for me. 😂
In the defense of Doug’s vertical/horizontal remarks, I believe he was referring to the vertical stacking of the ovals. Right Doug?
That's got a tracking device and a kill switch built into it, right?
Brutally ugly, inside and out. Sounds like crap. Hard pass
Less springy clutch???????.... Your description of the clutch action means..... It actually feels like cars with clutches use to (maybe your too young to remember)....  I think that's amazing!!!.......
It's a shame that the Nissan Fairlady Z isn't getting a European release.
Sadly the russians have turned the letter "Z" into a modern swastika. At least in Europe
z proto will be 240 units. 240Z, get it? Doug forgot this quirk, oh well.
That is one ugly grey interior.
Gosh you seriously remind me of Jay Leno eerrry’ vid of yours I watch😂😂
Anyone else notice the speedometer went up to 180 km/h, like all the other 90s JDM cars did? Cute little throwback I should point out
No LSD on the base models is such a bummer…   That being said, with dealer mark-ups, my ass ain’t affording one either way.
this is exactly how the z needed to be revived. oldschool style with new school tech!!! if i had the money i would look at this car
Its a car to go. Just perfect...
I wish we had this car in Europe :(
The silver strip on the side of the car is supposed to be a katana blade design
27:00 and its on the road ..
Doug during the Cars and Bids Plug be like: "bEFORE i GeT Staaarteeed"
the more i watch you,,,, in half speed and double speed. your voice sounds as if , it is hard to talk, and expecially in slow motion i notice the veins in your neck bulging.. you need to chill bro, just relax and speak your heart. be safe, be 'z'en
I like the Z more than the Supra. The gauge cluster it also has a better look than the Supra's. The engine doesn't sound that good but, a tuned exhaust will be the solution. In short I like the car
elle ressemble à une...Opel?
Dealers will mark up this...and that's fine because it will mean that they are selling, and dealers can make some money which we seem to forget is their bussiness and without cars to sell they don't earn any money!
you on drugs bro?
Wow.  Seeing this car in a video.  It looks so much better than photos of it suggest.
It's great that Nissan gave us a new Z...but I still prefer the Z32 styling. It's much cleaner, IMO.
Dealer markups will be 10-15k most likely, which is sad
The biggest advantage over the Supra is getting in and out especially if you are tall. It also doesn't have the window buffeting issue.
The sport model has better looking wheels than the performance model imo. I think that switchgear is from the 1990s model! Doug needs to learn the difference between vertical and horizontal 😂😂
I'm more excited about the stuff they left out 👌
The Supra is faster than the Z as proven by Throttle House
I really wish I could get this. I've been looking forward to it since I saw it. Nissan Z has always been my favourite car family
Doug listening to some Tiesto on BPM 🔥
Look, this isn't a Corvette and I get that. But it seems like we're getting into a trend where sports cars are going to be inherently outdated in order to pay for their development.
Armytrix Probably: "We got you fam"  Borla: "Sit back son, Hold my Beer"
Love this retro look!!!! I had a '90 300ZX. So much freakin' fun with that car!!!  See, this is the way you do things. I'm looking at you Toyota Supra!
The front isn't pretty, esp not the grill. Yikes.
Love everything about this. Great price, great features, great looks, great decisions that went into it. It's just. Great.
Take a shot every time he says “and”
I'm very glad Nissan touched up the front end a little bit. I really didn't like that grill
Does it use a single turbo per bank, or is it a compound setup?
I'd much rather have parts bin HVAC controls than have it integrated into a clunky touchscreen
Look I'll just say it this guy talks way too fukking much!! Seriously dude stfu! And let the car do the talking.
Epic car
Give me a break Doug...you have a styling rate higher on this than a 2020 Corvette...you need glasses. And Cool Factor the same. I dare you to find a single sports car enthusiast that thinks this looks as cool as a 2020 Corvette.  You're slipping son!
Zed. ZED. It's Japanese you absolute cretin.
When the Z cars finally starting to look good again they stop selling them in Europe
Toyota  Supra combating in Graz Austria 🇦🇹
Just so we are clear, the “oval” taillights are horizontal right? Right guys? 😂 Last model’s exhaust note was the worst, sounded like someone screaming while gargling mouthwash. It’s the reason I’m not a big fan of V6 sounds. However this model sounds pretty decent when you drove it. Smoother like an I6. Great review Doug.
The engine doesn't sound good because of the manual transmission and noise regulations. Thanks to the silent exhaust you have short ratio transmission. The automatic has other exhaust system.
"sad european noises"
An unfortunate timing to release a car model named 'Z' with the war in Ukraine.
Just a shame it looks disgusting.
Nissan has used the same platform and manual transmission for 20 years in the Z cars.
Sad that this car supports the invasion. Slava Ukraine. Gorgeous design tho.
Will you be reviewing the Celica TS by any chance?
"Butt Dyno" - that's a first 😃
The right time to put the Z on a vehicle...
The intro made me think how Doug should make an episode with a reverb or hall effect on his voice, just for the shizz and the giggles.
Can you do a video on VI gen Celica?
When I played the video Youtube almost crashed and played it without sound so at first I thought it was some joke about the manual Z getting a super muffled sound because of noise regulations.  When the cars & bids promo appeared I knew there was something wrong. I'm such an idiot lmao
The supra looks hideous and over styled inside and out  in comparison .i disagree that the supra interior is better. Its boring compared to the retro style dash of the z. The exterior advantage of the Z is just obvious.
Perfect time to release a Z 🇷🇺 🇷🇺 🇷🇺
This is one of the best sounding cars in GT7
*Zed
🔥🔥🔥
It really hurts that the LSD is only on the sport package I’m gonna have to wait a year or 2 before I pick one up
disgusting gloss black crap on the steering wheel LOL
Properly awesome design, retro throwback but still new. Npt too much fuss. Congrats! Very few car manufacturers do this nowadays sadly
Wait a sec, those lines are horizontal Doug.
There is no such thing as a perfect sports car but if the base model had the limited-slip differential included, less weight and a slightly different front end, I think the 2023 Z would’ve been the undisputed sports car king under $45K.
Id take this over the Supra for sure. Electric E-brakes suck. How are u supposed drift it with an electric E-brake! Glad to see they didnt use one. Nice to have stick shift too.
Doug is the guy who mixes vertical with horizantal
i actually love that the car isn't over packed with technology, looks simpler and way cooler to me
Idk man the 40k model didnt seem that bad until you showed the differences. This would be a great used car to buy for 25-35k in the future but for 40-50k there are much better options out there. You really have to want a nissan Z to get this and youd be sacrificing alot imo. If you want power get a muscle car, if you want comfortable performance and handling get a bmw. I guess if you're dead set on JDM its pretty much ur best option
I really want to import that car to germany. sadly it will not be released here
He means horizontal right? Not vertical ovals?
you just wait for Nismo version
This car is actually bad lmao
It's a real looker I must say!
I think this new Z is fantastic and I would totally buy one. The styling is understated, it's got plenty of power and looks like a lot of fun to drive.
Tried so hard and still made a hockey puck with Down Syndrome, just like all of them since the 90's
I'm a Japanese guy who has looked nowhere else than to American muscle cars for my enjoyment. The opposite to American guys with JDM sports cars. 2013 Mustang GT, which has very similar specs to this car on paper, and may have me looking back to the Fatherland for a thrilling car. I love the design of the 400z and believe this to be a future classic for sure! I never liked Nissan too much but they really outdid themselves with this one.
if they really know there customers instead of a VOLT gauge put an oil pressure gauge
oh, Nissan made a car for men of culture... that's special these days
Doug needs to learn the difference between vertical and horizontal.
why do Americans pronounce Nissan as Neeeshan?
Doug talking about carmakers design choices... it is painful. Go to Frank Stephenson chanel.
Traaaaaash as whip 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Nissans 1998 and newer are pieces of shit. Have you ever seen an altima, maxima or murano that didn't have failing paint and smoke coming out of the tailpie? VQ is a joke. The titan is also the worst truck ever built. I hope Nissan decided to actually build this Z with some quality... It's got great heritage.
Is it just me, or is the interior really ugly?
Why does no one notice that the tail lights look so much more like a S14 than a 300ZX
Is it me or does Doug have something going with Sirius XM?
I have a V6 Camry…I feel attacked lol
New legendary car with great tunning potential!👍💪
Just saw the drag race on Jason Cammisa. It's too heavy by 300lbs over the Supra so it lost. If Nissan can find a way to shave those 300lbs it be perfect. Though it's the best looking car.  Killing Arasaka... | Cyberpunk 2077 Rebel Path Guitar MV https://youtu.be/X3_JrXwr4k0 Alucard and Trevor Battle Baroque Guitar MV (Lost Cathedral) https://youtu.be/KyBRZSNjIFs KoF15 Nameless and K9999 Battle Guitar MV https://youtu.be/m97jSqxIg0w
Probably won’t be popular in Europe with a branding like this 🙀
'Unspoilered'
You gotta love Nissan’s ethos on this one, it’ll sell like shit but they’re actually giving one out to the enthusiast!
Love it!
I think it looks much better without a black roof and without a spolier
An electric version would be cool
The thing that makes Nissan so great but also so frustrating is that while it seems to take half a century for them to redesign a vehicle, when they do it’s usually fantastic and a huge deal. This car is no exception. I absolutely love the styling and I’m sure the performance is fantastic too.
I think this is the best looking z in the last 30-35 years
Let's support #Z
I'm sorry but this car looks like shit. The 370z looked way better it's not even a competition. I just cant believe how shitty it looks. Really let my hope's down
This will cost 100k in Australia !
🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺 Russian Nissan 🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺
0.29 Hey Doug, tell us about “Cars and Bids” in a place with a fuck tonne of echo.  Doug: hold my beer.
If you’re going to have a review car, make sure it’s not a tacky blue colour.
Thé thing is ugly
My 2019 mustang gt will smoke this Ricer
Too bad it sounds like a Corolla.
9:43 ASS brakes
Devil Z
Hi Doug, you should review the Q60 redsport!
I gotta say , the car looks awesome .. yet two things that I hated , the exhaust note .. I Mean COME ON !!  Why should I go and spend 2-3k for a catback ! .. just make a decent one.    And the price ..well can't say anything about it until it reaches showrooms. I know it's gonna be close to the supra
Slower than the Supra both off the lane and through a 1/4 mile. Spins it's wheels and gets left behind. Supra looks better and has a load more potential.
3rd gauge should definitely be oil temp.
OK a comment from someone who owned 4 Zs 😅... I was REALLY looking forward to the new Z .. even though that I have already pulled the trigger and got myself a supra .. I was still following the news to see how the Z will be.   Nissan is definetly gonna win most people for keeping its heritage and not like Toyota.   Coz the new supra gets so much hate 😅 even though it is pretty good car, but most people are still hanged to the 2JZ ..  So I guess nissad did good in that area ..
I’ve owned z32 twin turbo two of them in fact then I had a z33 (de) horrible then I bought a q60 red sport loving it so much I can’t wait to get my hands on this one
Horizontal
I like the look of the sport more. I feel it fits the retro look better.
In light of the „Z“ being the swastika of the Russian invasion in Ukraine, I would rather not have a car with „Z“ all over it.
Lol, this guy acts like there's no such thing as awd sports cars.
My favorite thing about the new Z: There is purpose to everything. No fake vents, no edgy overstyled areas, no factory rice.  My least favorite thing about the new Z: It isn't sold in Europe T_T
I'm truly wishing this one sells extraordinarily well
I hope Nismo gets a hold of this thing
A guy revving a Camry in traffic cause he’s mad 🤣🤣🤣
I would like to own one
This guy gives me weird vibes … 😂 I can’t get through this lmao
I like it’s restrained simplicity. Will be amazed if it’s less than 100k in NZ given the current situation .
Horizontal** 😅😅
The backup camera is a throwback to the keyhole on the Z32
YES, IT HAS THE SAME GRILLE AS THE ORIGINAL BUT THEY LEFT OFF THE BUMPER WHICH HARMONIZED THE ORIGINAL FRONT END.
I bet the new supra performs better, but the new z is so much nicer looking. the tail lights are the amazing
The interior vs the Supra is laughable. Supra all the way
Looking forward to see what the Nismo department does 👏🏼
Basically a 370z with a q60 engine...
Shame we aren't getting this in Europe
Design on this looks absolutely fantastic. Think Nissan have done a great job here
Sounds like garbage.. and the Z of Zorro ... cool... lol
I'd love to see Doug review a 2015 Honda Crosstour EX-L V6 AWD
Get the nismo exhaust and intake and you're good to go
I miss the explanation of the Doug Score. At least for interesting vehicles it should still be detailed. Nobody cares about going into details of the Doug Score of the average boring crossover shitbox.
I love that it has tactile buttons and switches instead of touchscreens for most of the interior controls. Aiming your air vents via touch screen is one of stupidest things I've seen in a long time.
Chill doug it’s not a luxury sports car
He said vertical tail lights 3 times but they are horizontal.
Z❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🇱🇰
Nissan said you are the drive mode if you get the manual
God I hate fake gauges
Nice
So they went from a front end on the prototype that wasn't exactly speaking... to something that makes the car look like it has just rear-ended another vehicle, LMAO. Well, that'll keep people from running into you, because one look at that grill(?) and they'll assume it only looks like that because you don't have insurance and are too poor to get the collision damage repaired.   At least this one has enough power to get out of its own way, though. Be more fun to drive if the horsepower and torque numbers were swapped, but the kids won't know what they're missing - and someone ought to be able to figure out how to add at least 100 foot pounds of torque to that twin turbo whilst keeping it safe, reliable, and (hopefully) relatively efficient unless the engine block is made out of eggshells. And you can't see how epically hideous that front end is... from the driver's seat.
Nice
I've noticed in the last year or so your videos get blurry when you're driving. They kind of fuzz out due to some kind of vibration sometimes. This video is the worst I've seen. I don't remember them from before. Could it be a setting in your GoPro (assuming that's what you use)? Have you seen it?
And like it’s predecessor- it’s ugly. Supra is gorgeous, this sucks.
What's wrong with V6 Camry 😒
Can’t wait for Nismo version
Did anyone else notice the leather seat on the driver side is already creasing  pretty bad ??
I love so many things about this car, but it sounds like my 4cyl fiesta from 2012
I will not only screenshot
Is it just me or is this car ugly as hell 🥴🤢🤮     🤣🤣🤣
Why would anyone buy the 4 cylinder Supra over the Z?  In a nutshell, gas mileage.  BMW’s 4 cylinder engine gets really good gas mileage.  And at $5 a gallon or more for gas, that’s a really good reason to get the smaller engine.  It still has plenty of power to move the car along quickly, but without the impact on the wallet as a result.  My BMW 428i has BMW’s 4 banger and when I hyper mileage it, I can get upwards of 50 mpg out of it, although when driving it as such, one has to be very attentive to road conditions, upcoming traffic lights, etc… .  But then again, you’re driving.  What else do you have to be doing?  Sometimes it’s fun just to see how little gas I can burn to get to a destination.
Where are they made?
"THISSSSS ISSSS ....doug being super FLAMOYANT!!!
I love the elegant simplicity of the styling - Nissan have nailed that - and in time it will be classic - compared to the Supra, the Supra already looks outdated. I'm not overly concerned with the sound as aftermarket tuners will get their hands on it! Interesting on the manual clutch, but for me I'll choose the auto anyway. Great review DD. And that's a great score also.
If I ever hit the lottery I'd get one of these so quick
why does the sport look better then the performance one 🤨
How is it possible GR86/BRZ has less score in daily category than Nissan Z? I mean it has foldable back seats...
i'm so glad they got rid of the bulky rear end. always loved the sporty fastback look of the early datsuns.
Looks like a Hyundai Tiburon.
I knew it's a great car since I heard the *THIS* in the intro, he said it with extreme excitement ;D
00:28 when you go to sleep right after watching a Doug video
Those two driving drawbacks seem to be pretty fixable at least. Especially with tuners or people that don't mind changing it's stock form.
One wheel peel 400 hp car what the hell weird base model otherwise I’m in love.
But still no oil pressure gauge ☹️
The Supra was and still is a disappointing car... This one deserve a chance!!!
I hope to see people importing these into Europe
https://youtu.be/Ex6-uetJaDA
W for Nissan.
God that thing's a blessing on wheels - show us the 300zx next!
Absolutely not appealing at all. The throwbacks don’t do anything.
I wish they did more with the lights
When he says vertical for the horizontal lights it just made my head hurt  😔
damn this sounds good
looks like nissan design team took a huge dump on BMW's desk
14 mpg, OMG by today gas prices, good luck
In light of recent events, I don't think just calling this car the "Z" is going to sit well with some Eastern Europeans. I'd probably de-badge it anyway. Everyone knows what it is.
This is such a cool car. I love how it takes design notes from all Z generations
Outwardly unattractive but internally normal, even good
The exterior is kinda bland. Looks outdated in a bad way.
It’s about time…. the old car was downright ancient in the lifespan of an automobile.  It had been surpassed in capabilities by econoboxes.   This new model looks great.  I’m glad that Nissan kept it’s basic styling.
As a twin turbo 300zx owner, this is the best Z yet. the 350 was slower/heavier/uglier/crappier interior, and the 370 hardly got better.
The Sport is much nicer looking. The Performance is overly fussy.  Sad about the price, but great to have more sportscars in the market regardless.
Doug your full of shit with it being faster than the new supras they gap these by atleast a bus length your crazy lol.
i totally think if they made a convertible Z it would eat up some of the miatas sales
Z is popular in Russia.
I want this car so bad
Interior still trash…rather get a Supra just for the interior.  It also weighs more than the Supra which offsets the power.
This makes up for Acuras colossal mishandling of the new Integra. Nice to see one company listens to its customers.
Steering wheel looks like a my WRX steering wheel
if you don't put your ear to the asphalt, the vertical ovals are rather horizontal...
In a day where cars are filled with driver aids it’s very nice to see a car that’s a two seat coupe, manual transmission and low in driver aid. This car is starting to show how much Nissan really made a car that is meant for the car enthusiast who loves driving and this car is gonna take over roads everywhere. Nissan really did a good job. And I wanna speak on being able to turn ON rev match instead of turning it OFF. Love that it doesn’t have to be turned off and isn’t offered as standard
The nice thing is whether you buy a Toyota or a Nissan you still get a Z car...
If you’re wondering he DOES drive this one. No need to fast forward to find out if he does.
Hear me out: 2023 Nissan Z-TR 😏
I'm only 11:22 into the video, but I wish they would of not put those reflectors next to the tail lights. They should of extended the brake lights, and the turn signal lights around the back of the car. Not only would it be safer, but it would look pretty cool too.
Great looking car but how do they make such little power and torque from a twin turbo V6 in 2022? Is it under rated?
i don’t think doug knows the difference between vertical and horizontal..
Radar detector is legal there? Crazy.
if ya rely on birdseye view to park......ya shouldn't be driving!
finally, a new door handle design.
Car looks better without that shitty little spoiler on the back. It looks like a cheap add on. Other than that well done Nissan, but work on that odd shaped gas door.  Kinda weird looking.
i don't think he knows what vertical means
It's nice until you showed the 18in wheels on the sport. It looks very wrong with the smaller wheels on it. It's like they just threw a set of wheels on there and called it a day
Hideous!
drive modes in a manual are stupid. the driver is the "drive mode"!
That v6 camry analogue was on point hahaha
If you're a proper tuner/builder you don't need to buy the expensive car. With those 10K you're saving you can give your own touches to it. Probably not worth it for the average guy but for diehard car guys is a big possibility
Horizontal
This looks far too generic to me.  A bit BRZ, a bit F- type, a lot 370Z.   A bit bland.  Doug, if you ever get a chance you should review a Fiat Coupe Turbo - now that was a great design!
omg that seat is so bad on the driver side already?  only 54 miles?  hasnt even had 1 tank of gas ran thru it yet and its so wrinkly on the lower bolster
Limited driver aids. Lacking technology. manual transmission manual handbrake this car sounds absolutely perfect
i was waiting for u to drop a video about this car, saw ur opinion few days ago on the proto z to see if ur opinions would shift lol. i like this car fully aware that i'd not buy it sadly. (hope u do a corolla gr review driving the thing soon)
Nissan killed the Supra
They don't want to invest in the exhaust which is going to be torn out by the customer for another off market exhaust system
17:32 that is not relatively responsive
MITSUBISHI MATERIALS
BOWZ ZOUND ZYZTEM
BONE SOUND SYSTEM
I swear this guy just mid floors it on a freeway on ramp and automatically deems it fast.🤡
Looks better without the spoiler.
I know Doug is a big fan of the 350z so I eventually he'll get this car
idc 🤗
at the dealerships this is gonna be like 60,000. what a joke
Are the synchro the same btw sport and performance? Are the ratio the same btw sport and performance?
I appreciate that there aren't any drive modes in the manual. That's a setting you control with your feet
Hey Toyota are you listening?  I really really hope this car outsells the BMW Supra.  Toyota could've done something similar using one of their Lexus sport cars.  But they were too lazy to do it.
that thing's so fast its released a year ahead of schedule!
I LOVE the fact that it doesn't have any driver assist features. Car makers need to preserve that. This is a cool car.
Annoys me why it's called 2023, it's not even halfway in 2022 yet
Is this a car for Russia ?
easily my 2nd fav car after the 240z
Russian Z
4:28 I know Doug, I know which one you are referring to 😂 Cough... CTR Cough... Cough... CTR Cough...
0:28 POV: you just woke up in the halls of eternity and this is the first thing you hear
Oh wow, how exciting to see the new Z! Always was my favorite as a kid. This may be my favorite since the mid-90s version went out of production. This new Z is just a really solid sports car. What more can you ask for at the price? Then again, you can get a base Corvette for $10K more!
8:07 Horizontal, not vertical. What menu shows when you press Settings then Menu @17:55 ? It clearly shows a Customize Home Menu setting.
Over weight and over priced, thats the same recipe that got it discontinued…
honda accord
That was the smoothest transition into the drive haha
Aside from the Supra, the BMW M240i xDrive is also a close competitor. Same engine as the Supra but priced at around 49k and no manual option. The base Nissan Z is priced really aggressively at 42k but you'll be missing the limited-slip differential. Not sure if its worth paying 10k more to opt for the performance model.   Gonna have to wait for the manual Supra as well as the BMW M2 and see how well those compare to this car.
I’m buying one thanks daddy Doug!
Call it a retro throwback but I think it’s ugly. It looks outdated
DeMuro mentions how great the Z is by having 400HP and the Supra is under under powered in comparison. But the Supra is actually faster than the Z in a drag race as it has been proven in other channels lmao.
Hey, can u build this in India and export outside markets? Like, please? Maybe? No?
I owned a black 260z years ago and I miss it so much.
British/canadian viewers must've been cringing all video long with all the american "zee" pronunciations 😆
No capless fuel door on a 2023 model? Unacceptable.
trash interior
Seeing it's a new Nissan you would be better off building one out of Lego as it would stay together better.
It's great that they didn't add all that 'driving modes' nonsense. They do nothing other than to try and impress you by changing the colour of the dials and make some pointless noise. They are complete fraud.  Why would anyone need a sports mode in a sports car? It should be in sports mode all the time!  Wish the interior material was a bit better. But I think they left the exhaust sound for the buyers because they know those who buy this car will modify it heavily, at least the seats and the exhaust.
Nissan??? Got to be fuking kidding me.
Looks like a door stop wedge🤔🤣💔
30:00 somebody please tell Doug the new Fiesta ST has a 3 cylinder engine
I can't wait for Sarah to do her "give it the beans" and the stand on the brakes test!!🤣
the last version of this car looked 100 times better. This version looks way too simple and it will not sell well. If I was to choose from this version and the last one, I wouldn't even considering getting this one other than the fact that it is a twin turbo with 400HP. I would just try and get this engine into the last model.
I've owned 4 Z-cars, including a 2015 370z Sport 6MT. My only complaints about that car were 1) Lack of telescoping steering wheel and  2) Crappy stock seats. It looks like the "new" Z addresses those concerns, plus adds power and technology.  Here are my issues with this car:   This is a parts bin car. It's clearly a tweaked 370z with an engine swap to a powerplant Nissan/Infiniti has already made for several years. That would be fine, except that in order to get one with an LSD and Akebono brakes (carried over from the 370z), you pay $50k+, and that's not even including inevitable dealer mark-ups. For comparison- Less than 3 years ago, you could buy a brand new 370z Sport (LSD, Akebono brakes, 19 inch Rays wheels) for under $35k. Nissan has essentially raised the price of the equivalent "new" Z by $15k+ over the 370z, without building a new chassis. That's not good for consumers. They've priced this to compete with the Supra, disregarding the incredible value proposition this car could have been.  If we look at the base model, it's still $40k+. That might not seem bad, but it's still $10k more than what you could buy a base 370z for less than 3 years ago. It's also more than you can currently pay for a base Mustang GT or Camaro LT1. Even in the current inflated market, those cars are selling for under $40k in many parts of the country. You could buy a brand new 7th Gen Corvette for under $55k 2 or 3 years ago. As much as a love the Z, that's a better sports car. Even now there are used, low-mileage C7s out there for well under $50k.  I think this Z34.5 would be a home run if the base model started at $35k, and the performance trim topped out at $42-43k. I just don't think we're getting enough "new" sports car for the price.
“Long vertical lines” clearly horizontal *
As awesome as this car is shaping up to be, a new car with switches, stalks, e-brake, and modified door cards from a car that started production about 14 years ago is honestly... highly disappointing. It's a car with a starting price of $40k or so, and some of the parts in this car are old enough to start attending high school. Small things like this make such a nice looking car look cheap. While you won't be actively looking at them as often as you do the gauge cluster, shifter, and infotainment screen, it's frankly unacceptable. Nissan does a good job milking everything they can from their cars for too long, and the small details showing exactly that in a brand new performance car is annoying.
I think this car is for those who can actually drive and don't care about everything else yet needs a new car.
Kinda bad timing to make it only "Z".  lol
I wasn't expecting that Doug score. It was higher than I thought. Great job.
19:00 That's pretty ironic. Because back at home Nissan is known to have the best equipment when it comes to cameras.  Their Nissan Note (budget hatch) in Japan features surround view and can even feature adaptive cruise control, while similar Toyotas do not even offer an ability for 360-cameras in their Yaris (former Vitz)
That blue interior reminds me a lot of the interior from the Ford GT90 prototype. Man do I wish they'd have made that car.  When it comes to capturing the spirit of the design of their older sports car, Nissan just proved you can make it work incredibly well. Ford did an okay job with the Mustang (and a great job with the 2005 GT), but the Z looks the cleanest and most modern interpretation.
This gives me hope for the r36
Well that tears it, I was leaning toward the Mazda MX5 but it's lack luster engine and too small size had me in the wings. This new Z car is almost exactly what I've been looking for, a decent price, twin turbo V6 engine, nice interior, nice size, built totally in Japan unlike the Toyota Celica and did I say it's totally made in Japan, yes I did but that is a huge selling point for me and the fact that it's cheaper and faster than the Supra. I find it hard to believe I'm picking the Z car over the Toyota but the cost, the speed and quality sold me on the Z car. I never buy the first year of any new model so I'll be waiting until the 2024 comes out and who knows, maybe they'll make some improvements on the clutch and the rear camera, if not I'm good to go with this model. I'll definitely get the performance model at 50k which is not a bad price considering the price of it's competitors. Nissan hit a home run on this Z car!! Thanks for the honest and detailed review Doug. One thing, my friend is looking at the 2022 and beyond Nissan Armada, are you going to review that SUV?
I swear doug is talking faster and faster, had to check if my playback speed was normal.
I love the whole Z series wish I could buy this Z or the 300 one day
Nissan really know how to build a sport car.
Everything you need, and nothing that you don't. 3-pedals, no gimmicks, no million different modes. Love it. I hope they sell a boatload of them. Well done Nissan.
the z looks so clean without the ducktail its insane
Oh wow 50k for a Z car that is built on the old Z car platform but modernized... or 60k for literally a mid-engine Vette.  Nissan, like Toyota, is betting on F&F fanboys to buy their inferior cars at jacked up prices.  Remember last time you could buy a Supra, Z, or Vette for similar prices?  Remember who SURVIVED?  I'll give you a hint, it could smoke the Japanese competition back then too. Keep telling yourselves this is somehow worth it, though. Oh and inb4 you say the Vette is marked up, honey wait till you see the mark up on this POS...
HORIZONTAL  *My little dark age intensifies*
You know the acceleration Doug score scale needs to be changed when a 400hp nissan Z gets an 8/10
My 1980 zx cost $14k loaded!  This is over $50k loaded!?😤💔🌰s!!!
So Nissan installed a turbo speed and battery voltage guage instead of oil pressure and temperature. What was in their mind??? 😆
It looks pretty good for a modern sports car, not too modern looking but has an elegant yet masculine stance and clear hints to it’s linage in its design language
I had a 1980 280zx 5 speed in copper with tan leather interior.  No turbo!  It was so much better looking than this new "Z".  Twin turbo 400hp is nuts in a little 2 seat car!  Turbochargers are for airplanes superchargers are for cars.  Why no electric supercharger?!  Black roof is going to cook the inside!!  At least it is a hatchback...
Just so y'all know, it may seem faster than the Supra, it's NOT faster than the Supra. Especially in manual form.
its a 400z cant deny it
"it doesn't make financial sense to develop a sports car by yourself" which is why the new supra will never be as cool as the old one. Not even being an A80 Supra fanboy, just the fact Toyota didn't make it themselves makes the A90 less cool. I love Nissan because despite their reputation they got from Altimas, Sentras, CVTs, and the cost cutting they had to do to stay a company, they still managed to produce their own cars and sports cars. I love the GTR because it's a Japanese sports car and not a rebadged German car. It sets itself apart by being unique and keeping the honor of being made solely by Nissan even if they lose money on it. Toyota doesn't understand that anymore and is focused on the money instead of integrity. The new Z being a solely Japanese sports car is what makes it cool and cooler than the new supra. I don't agree with Nissan merging with Renault and I hope they return to being their own company one day, but this is definitely a step in the right direction to becoming a Japanese company again. The GTR and new Z are incredible Japanese sports cars and embody that ideal. They also stick to their principles of what they originally intended to be, all these decades later. Something Toyota, Honda, and Subaru should learn from.
The silver blade along the side/roof is the Japanese katana. I like it. I like the rear, the side. Wish the front was like that of the 300ZX of the '90s. That was by far the coolest looking of all Z designs.
Respect some of the contrary-to-now things they've done here. And yet it's amazing how much cooler I still think the 300ZX is compared to anything that came before it or after.
Not a fan of the two tone option, I'd understand maybe a black roof but the weird transition down the pillars and at the rear paired with the chrome accent throws it off for me. But wow, my jaw dropped at that full body color roof at (8:58), wow does this thing look slick with everything one color
That wierd stitching on the door pannel would be a killer for my ocd
Man looked like he actually enjoyed driving the car 😂
I like the Z. To me It just has a better styling than the Supra
As far as the sound goes, i am a bit disappointed with the exhaust note, but imo it sounded fantastic in the interior
Test drive starts at 27:01... thank me later
Pathfinder, Frontier, and now this. Looks like Nissan is trying again. Good job, Nissan.
Doug the type of dude to point out things to make me notice them…
Grey one looks better) Z is dispopular at the moment by the way
Nissan should have kept the 1995 300ZX platform/look and updated it through the years like Porsche does with 911
shut tf up an let us hear the sound
Should have had DATSUN badging.
Getting this in 3.5 years when my 2013 infinity g37s is paid off I’m trading for this beauty 😍😍
I'd buy Supra over this half made Z.
I love this car. I don't love the vast price difference between the Sport and Performance, nor the fact that the Sport doesn't have a limited-slip differential. Still, kudos to Nissan, and kudos to those who love shifting manuals for having this wonderful option.
I personally love that gigantic fuel door.
You should review the Toyota Sequoia SUV
Not fan of the Manual ? Just get an AT...it's 2022.. It's faster too...sorry if I prefer a faster car than my feelings lol.
The all new z
the voice of god telling us to go to cars and bids
For 50k I'd say a lightly used M2 is a much better buy. Nice car tho.
See: vertical vs horizontal  Love your videos, Doug!
If Nissan were to call it a #Z, this would be a 300TZ. The number corresponded to the engine displacement.
unfortunately we already know what's going to happen once the dealerships get the cars, most likely they will rise the price by either 20k or 30k to get more money off it since it's going to be a car that a lot of people will want, so yeah dealerships are greedy so no one will get them unless they want to pay more
great review Doug, just to point out that this Z has and an Exedy performance clutch! That might be the reason of the feeling. Same feeling clutch has a Mustang Gt, takes time to use to it but i kinda like it as is a long lasting clutch :)
40k for a datsun with manual cloth seats...
I'll never be able to afford a new car, but I enjoy watching and seeing the new designs and mechanics
TTV6 manual 400 hp ? I love it
those look like the back up lights.  i dont know the correct name. but i dnt think they are reflectors.
Yeah, this car blows the Supra away in my opinion.  I'd pick the Z every day of the week and twice on Sundays if I had the choice between it and the Supra.  I know the Supra's interior is nicer, but you don't buy a sports car for the interior, you buy it for the power, handling, and styling.  This looks cool, it's got plenty of power, and it handles well -- and it's cheaper than the Supra.  It ticks all the boxes, and totally wins out over the Supra in my book.
That fugly Nissan cannot even keep up with a Mustang Mach 1 or the new Supra, much less a Tesla. Hahaha It's pure UGLY
In 5 years there interior is going to feel 20 years old
8:07 doug, do you need to go back to school to understand the difference between vertical and horizontal? 😜
I like all previous Z's until this one.  Am I the only one?  It looks like too many different stylists did this all trying to do something.  Nothing goes together.  The 370Z looks so much better.
You want homage to the original Z? Surprisingly get yourself a manual 124 Abarth.
It's also worth noting that the manual is actually quieter than the auto by quite a significant amount thanks to the regulations on manual cars
Great exterior .. Boring interior
I will wait for the NISMO version
That gas cap doubled as an air brake
Love the styling and performance, excellent entry to the Z family.
That's an awful lot of 90's looking interior for fifty thousand dollars....
The silver piece by the roof is supposed to be a design feature taken from Japanese katanas another Easter egg by Nissan. Personally I like them
5 inches is not 130mm.....
I love watching the back torque downwards when you were hitting the throttle during the test drive segment
I wish Nissan would put the old 300Z front end on.
Exhaust sounds like shit
Pretty sure those tail lights are horizontal
Horizontal
The car really is beautiful. It's Nissan's best looking sports car yet, by far. I'm definitely going to buy one as soon as I can. I just need to decide what color. I thought about the copper color, if they will offer it? Metallic orange, maybe?
That thing looks terrible
Am I the only person that thinks this car looks bland and outdated????
As a Q owner, welcome to the VR30TT world new Z folks. Q owners have been pushing the limit of this engine but were were limited by popularity. Its up to the new Z owners to push it further now. So far - a basic tune and FBO on the VR30TT will net you 450WHP and 500WTQ. We are looking at 11.5 quarter mile or under. The Z would likely hit near 11 seconds flat due to a better transmission and better weight.
240 units of the 'proto' version? I see what you did there Nissan.
I will never understand why Americans pronounce Nissan the way they do
I like the look of the Z Sport more than the Z Performance. Great car!
All right Doug I pause the video before it starts. Convince me how this is not a 370Z with an Infiniti Q 60 engine
Wow that interior is TRASH, and they want almost 10k more? Fuck outta here. Hahaha
The tail lights aren't vertical, they're horizontal 😭😭😭
Should be called z Heritage
Manual box with a real hand brake. Brings a tear to my eye.
It’s a v6 Jaguar XKR or F-Type
Since 1969? Nice.
Hey Doug I hope you don't mind finding and reviewing a Mitsubishi RVR Open Gear, that is the reason why i subscribed after watching the Vehicross.
The battery 3rd "sport gauge" is probably put in for the likely mods people will put in this car, if they want an extra gauge for something
Fuel door - that is to allow for charge ports for the electric version (of course it is coming), too big? well how about storing the charge cable there as well?
I still can't get over the designed-in-MSPaint grille.
everyone complaining about an old chassis/motor when this is exactly what the car community needs is why nobody is making sports cars anymore. this is a twin turbo v6 with years of proven power/aftermarket support from the q50/60’s, manual and a pull up e-brake, no drive modes, relatively light, fucking gorgeous inside and out. this is a perfect enthusiast car
2017- current Mazda MX-5 (ND) manual is the same where it doesn’t come with the Sport Mode that the automatic has
My guy said "High performance" with a straight face 😭😂
if Doug's only main complaints about the driving are the sound, shifter, and clutch.. I was planning on a new exhaust and a short-throw anyway lmao
My accord has that turbo symbol on the gauge lol
I wonder if the relatively low oil pressure (19psi) at idle is because that engine has a two stage oil pump. I guess you don’t need a whole lot of oil pressure just to idle and it saves fuel and whatnot.
Sport rims look a lot better to me
I really think that this Z is Nissan's way as a last "hu-ra" for petrol-powered cars. all of the the "homage"  to the older "z's" I think also the reason why the GTR hasn't gotten an update yet is that we are super close to there being no reason to go petrol over electric cars and I think Nissan is waiting so they can release an electric R36.
Looks amazing but not worth the price tag. For 40-50k I would’ve liked a little more in the interior than carried over material. The new Elentra N is a great example for what I mean.
Something I noticed about the cluster. Why do tyre pressures only appear while driving? The only thing I can figure out is maybe the tpms wants to display the tyre’s hot temp, but for me it would be useful at a servo. Get fuel and check the tpms screen to see if you need air or not. Don’t think I’ve seen this anywhere else.
You can get 3pedals 😍🥰😍🥰😍 I'm buying 😇😇😇
By now many reviews by numerous creators over multiple platforms have been clicked on. However, you can’t consider yourself completely informed on a vehicle until you experience the copious detail, and comprehensive examination of a vehicle which can only be experienced through a Doug Demuro presentation.
I mean why get this over a Mustang or Camaro?
I loved how the old car drove except for the clutch. Disappointing to hear the new clutch is the same, but overall sounds like Nissan did a great job.
the rear end is ugly
You're trippin if you think the B58 doesn't have more output to the wheels Doug. Are you actually a car guy or just a guy with some cars?
God I wish it had more of a 350 look, its just a jumbled up bag of everything from the 240-370
Ever since Carlos left Nissan has gotten back to making good vehicles. The Z is such a welcome addition.
Did he just say Z33??
This car is all around beautiful. Props to Nissan for this one compared to everything else getting released right now.
ZED
Doug, the kind of guy not to know the difference between horizontal and vertical.
Doug you must have been paid by Nissan to say all these things. 1 Supra already beat the new auto Z and no way manual z is faster …. Please drive them back to back again .
I can’t wait until 2039 where I’ll be able to afford one of these used and show up all the kids around the neighborhood.
Looks great!  Very nicely designed.
My 2017 civic coupe exL has a better interior
I feel like this car is a huge gimmick
Lateral ovals
Did manuals ever really need drive modes? Shift short and skip gears and you got ECO. Ring out the revs and you got SPORT mode. There ya go. The active exhaust notes and adjustable suspension sometimes are just terrible compromises. And that’s the problem with recent cars (And the idea of CUVs). They try to be too much at once.
Nissan did it right 6 speed manual / turbo low price 40k compared to the other competitors
Love that its low tech.
Nice car and I know every Nissan dealer is different, but my local dealer is asking a $2000 non refundable deposit just to put your name on the list, then you have to sign an acknowledgement that you agree to pay $25,000.00 over MSRP when your car arrives. That will put it in the $65,000.00 to $75,000.00 range assuming they don't try and charge you and additional $500 for nitro tires.
I actually prefer the visuals of the sport model over the performance model. Body coloured roof looks better than black, and the spoilerless back end is just **chef's kiss**
@16:00 delightful.  All you get is a sport suspension for a sports car.  You want different drive modes?  It's up to you - how a manual transmission sports car should be.
Anyone else see how low that oil pressure was lol
horizontal?
The last pure Z. Next will be the EZ.
I saw you quietly delete a point from the Supra's styling and cool factor
Great base price for that much power.
$41k $50k, I bet no one will be able to buy with that price for at least 2 years.
Doug forgot to mention that the Z weighs 270 pounds more than the Supra, that will definitely make a difference in acceleration, handling, and tossability.  I prefer the Z, but this is an important detail to note.
I remember the first time I saw a Z car with headlight covers was when I was in high school. There was a classmate whose dad had a 280ZX with them. At the time, they were illegal in California and it looked so Radical Dude!
It’s the Nissan ZED if you’re Canadian LOL
Doug, a springy clutch is a good sigh, its the feel of a new clutch.
I never would have thought I'd be in love with a Nissan, but here it is. Well done, Nissan, for capturing the essence of a true enthusiast car!
Hagerty did a video on the 0-60 and quarter mile times. The Supra was faster on both with the Z doing 60 in 4 seconds while the Supra did it in 3.8
Modern day Akuma no Zetto.
It makes the child and teenager in me happy to see the Nissan Z come back and looking good all around.
the nissan Z will sell well in Russia
This is badass
Really like the car, but I am an Ukrainian,  and seeing Z on steering is the same as someone had a car with swastikas on it.......I understand you cannot relate it,and it sounds stupid but every Z just triggers you
I like it... simply put, it's an honest car
I still miss the DougScore being broken down piece by piece. Would like to see that make a comeback some day.
Review a 300zx twin turbo for comparison
They did a good job on this one. Pretty nice looking car and still embodies the Z. Solid.
It's almost the same gauge cluster as a Nissan rogue Platinum.
Meh. Pass
A little late on this one dougy boy Hagerty beat you on this one
Can’t wait for the NISMO
I actually liked the large black grill 😕
Doug just implied the VQs sounded good
please review an s13/14/15
Its unfortunate we cant leave a like for the car and vomit emoji for the talking head. I feel like I just caved to a timeshare salesman.
Doesnt excite me one bit. Former 1982 280zx owner here.
That huge gas lid cover though…lol I was considering this one but Supra is still better option I think.  This car looks weird without the spoiler and smaller tires so performance would be the way to go.  I do appreciate how clean it looks otherwise and no fake vents.  The exhaust sounds terrible, another reason to go Toyota Supra!
4:27 this car is ugly...
I love this new design!! Especially rear because looks similar to the 300zx!  I’ll take the 300zx hands down over this faster car 😎
These just get uglier and uglier the more i look at them i justt DO NOT get the hype!.....its just a $40k+ rebodied 370z with new interior pieces with an Early 2000s retro styling thats 20 years too late...and then a set of turbos that only make an extra 50 crank hp 😂 This is their last hoorah for I.C.E. sports cars and they could only muster this?
No way you could fit a CEO capable suitcase in that cargo area.
I've always liked the Z's but this one is hideous... too retro instead of futuristic... to me it's a big miss
I really wish they didn't have to borrow so many interior parts from the 370z. I had a 370z, so the interior of the new Z looks frankensteined to me. It almost looks like a 370z with aftermarket upgrades.
I've never liked the Z enough to justify buying one, but I'm rooting for this one to be a success.
I like the Z Sport better
Better to not drive it in Ukraine
This car looks great overall, but one has to admit that a good chunk of the interior looks rather cheap. It somehow reminds of some GM interiors from the late 1990's.
It's crazy how much I dislike this car.  Just not my style.
No sport mode ready to go🤤
Horizontal is easy to remember, think horizon. The tail lights are horizontal, not vertical.
Good review and comparison to the Supra
The BMW b58 supra, I mean Toyota is underrated in hp, add years of aftermarket mods and tuning available and a super reliable engine. Have a  b58 x3 (m40i) and it is amazing, that much power in a small sports cars with the reliability and aftermarket support is well worth the 3k extra. The interior is a whole different league. I was really hopeful with the new z, exterior is great as is power, but that interior reminds me of a budget car for 50k, maybe 5k less mrsp would be a more compelling argument.
I want thus car ugh
Man I wish I had the money!!!!
There are so many sports cars in 🇺🇸 but there are very few sports cars in 🇮🇳.
Not faster than Supra. Hagerty already proved it. Great can though.
I almost think the outdated features still look great with the vehicle and make total sense. It’s weird.
So its Russisht
It is to me a bit too plump...if it is a homage with the original 240Z (which was a copy of the E - Type), it doesn't look as sleek as the original.
finally, an orange turn signals for USDM spec cars
That rear 3/4 view is the sexiest in the industry.
I can say a lot.. but there should be NOTHING from the old z..in a new car.. nothing.
Can't wait to race it at Wangan :)
Why go for a Nissan Z over a V8 Mustang?
the newest 370z started at $30,090 in 2020 . this is 33% more for the base car without an LSD. the nismo model will be $55k+ . they priced this car out of their target market . plain and simple .
Cant believe nissan let the bmw /supra is quicker
oh my god, that dark grey with no spoiler with no 2-tone looks beautiful!
I mclove it
I believe the ultimate sport mode in a manual should be your foot :D
Needs an inch or 2 lowered.
2 seat makes it useless to 95% of the population
Torque is what really matters. 350 is okay, but won't know your socks off.
I would buy this car because I don't hate
its not a very showy car. its the kind of car that only the people who know of the car will be turning their heads to look at it.
The large verticle horizontal tail lights
18:00 When you press Menu you literally get taken to a home screen! It's the same home screen as my Maxima. It's also configurable.
For probably around $5k you can get 500-525hp easily out of that engine. It will be awesome.
This is everything I want in a car: manual transmission, big engine, great handling, and no weird styling issues. This is a car for people who love cars and, more importantly, love driving cars.
Toyota is trying to add a manual Supra. This is clearly conscious of the new Z.
it's way too high. I prefer the look of the 300ZX Twin Turbo from the 90's imho
I think the Z Sport looks cooler then the Performance model.
Nissan should develop a special small rearview mirror ( in the windshield) to make more visibility like other sports cars instead of using the big regular sized one they put in all other models
Why is no one talking about him continuously calling something horizontal, vertical
More modern garbage.
Did @Doug DeMuro forget vertical is up and down, the tail lights are horizontal.  Odd quirk.
This car is insanely similar to my 2003 Touring. Not impressed.
That echo in the intro is horrible
Wondering if the motor and trans will fit in a frontier?
Heck, Doug even has his own spoiler in the back of his head, this reminds me that I need to get a haircut 7:36
Looks like a chubby 280 in that color.
18:00 When you press Menu you literally get taken to a home screen! It's the same home screen as my Maxima. It's also configurable.
Beautiful!!!! I have 0 complaints
I kinda miss when you use to go through every category and give the number before showing all the totals
I’d be curious if even an intake could fix the sound.
Well I think that they know that people that are going to get the car are going to charge the exhaust and plus a short trough shifter so if the engineers are trying to keep the cost as low as they can and just didn’t dedicate a lot of time and money in stuff that wouldn’t hurt performance that is just going to be replaced with aftermarket parts anyway you know what I’m saying
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
My guy…the taillights are HORIZONTAL (sided to side) not vertical (up and down).
Damn! Never seen the tail lights light up with light showing light...... (dunno what happened there)   The ass end is probably my favorite part of this car, along with the roof line. Otherwise this design is gonna take a while to grow on me......
And yet another reason I love automatic
Just look at the Q60/Q50 Red Sport and the amount of aftermarket support that is out there for that car. The tunes from Ecutek and AMS, JB4, and others really make this platform liven up. There’s an easy 80-120 HP more looming in these engines that can be tapped out from a simple tune. Now, there’s a new transmission to further push the tuning envelope. I can’t wait to see these on the road and taking crowns from the competition!
Non car people be like, but the year is 2022 not 2023!!
You can get the nismo exhaust, which is a bit louder
Would y’all pick Z or supra …?
If the market ever normalizes this car would be an absolute bargain in a few years
god damn i want this car i hate that new cars are so expensive 😭 if only i was like 30 so i had the money
Doug - The kind of guy who doesn't know the difference between Vertical and Horizontal
Ehh still dunno how I feel about the looks, and don't get me started on the number name game goin on  400z?!? Like a 4 litter? Nah none of those numbers mean anything anymore lol 😆
The disrespect. Promoting cars and bids in front of a Supra in a Z review.
I gotta be honest I don’t like the way this car looks. It’s like some weird Z car greatest hits hodge-podge that doesn’t do much to distinguish itself. It looks like some generic “legally distinct” design for a sports car you’d see in a video game that didn’t have the budget to get licenses from real car companies.
Zed aint dead baby
This really seems like a homerun product. I do not care that there is some carry over interior or a shared chasis. The chasis is still good, the interior is nice, and I don’t even notice different drive mods. It is a relatively simple sports car that fits between Corvette and Miata
Finally a actully good car in the 300 series cause the 370 was butt ugly but the 300zx and 350 was pretty good
finally a car that was styled conservatively
Looks horizontal not vertical to me
I don't see how anyone buys a parts bin Nissan for 50k when the 2023 supra will come with a manual.  That was the Zs only real gimmick, the supra has it beat on ever other facet
Horizontal. Horizontal. The lights on the back are HORIZONTAL. Vertical is UP & DOWN. Horizontal is side to side, like, along the horizon.
Incredibly stupid to put shiny black plastic on the buttons of the steering wheel... those will look shit the moment you touch them :D
For the money, there are better looking, better handling & faster cars out there.
I love seeing random people pull up behind Doug at lights not knowing what the car sitting infront of them is nor how special the person sitting in it is...
I bb love the way this sounds. The in car video of you driving, sounds really good
Easily the best looking Z car since the 300ZX Twin Turbo. I'd love to have one of these.
Sold
The real litmus test of this car will be how many manual transmissions are actually sold. Toyota listened to their customers but will they actually sell. I am looking at GT3 ( Porsche in general) BMW M Division specifically and take a look at actual manual transmission sales. Audi finally said no because people just didn't buy in enough quantity. I had a Supra A90 for a year and now have a GT4 with PDK...sorry I just don't see the need anymore to row my own gears either on the 405 or Button Willow. Hope I am wrong but when the numbers come out on the automatic and the acceleration number and overall driving experience I bet its less than 25% manual.
I love that they made this car  and i hope they sell like hot cakes just so they keep making them, BUT i think looks wise its not very good. you cant make a retro version of car from 5 different generations, pick one and make it look better not just one aspect from each generation. the chasis of these cars are great so im fine with the being shared with the 350/370z, just make one of those and sexier! you did that for the last 2!
(at 6:49 Chrome Trim) The Samurai Sword separating the roof and door looks Great!
picturing Doug cruising through Mira Mesa listening to Loverboy...
Checo Pérez is a legend! - Max Verstappen
I assume that Doug meant to say "horizontal" a bunch of times instead of "vertical" starting at 8:06?
I don't say this often, but i prefer the look of the base model over the performance.
Power sounds good and all, but what is the weight?
Does it make that deafening noise with the windows down?
Took them 20 years to get this model correct. Also the wheels look better on the base model.
Is it just me or has Doug been working out? Those T-Shirts are fitting better around the arms lol
at 1:22 doug looked like that skit from kenny and chimp from a longgg time ago when he was infected by salmonella fitzgerald lmao. i know nobody is gonna get that joke but oh well
they should replace the battery boltage gauge with oil pressure gauge and turbo speed gauge with AFR digtal gauge
I never minded a springy clutch myself.
Too bad the stock tires suck so freaking bad.
I would rather have a mustang Mach 1. More car for $50k
Nee-son
I’m sick out of you talking about your website there’s only 2 cars in the website for sale Like I couldn’t find one car that I like and I could buy it
Whoa, wheel gap on the base with 18s. Is that right??? Looks broken
The auto tranny is faster than the stick.
Except the god awful interior. What the hell happened?. It looks like they tried to shove half of the old dash in the top then moulded something else underneath
I swore he said, “…and now it’s time to get it on the road and Z how it drives!”
interior feels pretty underwhelming
Having previously owned 2 Z32s, 1 Z33 and 1 Z34 i'm very much looking forward to the day this one comes home.  Also Doug needs to do a review of Z32 TT, been waiting for that one forever.
How did Nissan went from the beautiful 300 ZX from mid 90’s era to this ugly design? Did the designers for the front of the car walked away on the job?
That Z looks too similar to the Z on Russian tanks 🤔
The taillights are horizontal not vertical.
This Z actually, stylistically harkens back to the "Fairlady" Z's of the 70's. Which is something Nissan hasn't succeeded in doing on any previous iteration. It's as much of a successful "throwback" in that regard as the Mustang achieved with the 5th and 6th Gen. cars.
……it definitely bothered me way more than it should have when he repeatedly called the obviously horizontal tail lights vertical.
It’s a nice car but I’m sad to say I find it ugly. I can’t put my finger on why, it just doesn’t look modern, but doesn’t look like a throwback either? I hope it grows on me
aaaaaaaand it just died, 40k was said and 50k,,,, bye
This is the lamest sports car introduced in the last 20 years.
At least one of the gauges isn't wasted on a clock this time
Please review a 300zx
8:05 I think he meant "horizontal".
It's almost as big as a crossover SUV.
Man that exhaust is wayyy to quiet. I get the gotta make cars that can pass emissions in all states but they could've made one that's littleeee louder right? Only thing I dislike about it tho 🔥
for me it is a overpower 300zx 😍🔥
Mitsubishi we need you to bring back the 3000gt
I will definitaely buy one to support Russian Military Operation. Z for the win!
Everyone is super happy the VQ is gone.  Nobody will miss listening to it.  And in typical Nissan, most owners will still be trashy subprime idiots that embarrass actual car people.  At least this changes something in the Nissan lineup, this car looks really good from the back.... Nissan doesn't make another car that looks good from any angle.
That fuel door! I can't even!
Damn. What a cool car, hopefully they sell well so I can own one eventually.
Z is about same weight as RWD Q60 coupe. Added weight is just too much. 150lbs just on the nose. Rear weight is same as 370Z.
about time
I think the older body style looks MUCH nicer
the back end of the Z looks very oddly similar to a Mustang
the lack of a spoiler on the base model is going to cause the car to lose control very easy at high speeds
Put in aftermarket clutch and replace the internal slave cylinder with external before it blows due to heat. Upgrade the manual transmission fluid with proper syncro additives fluids from Ford, BMW, Chevy dealers. You will see big difference in shifting action.
If you ever want to review an average boring 2017 Passat, let me know ;)
It's the front end. I hate it on an otherwise attractive car. That's why I'd probably pick the Supra. Styling matters a lot. Supra also has a HUD. But I'm 6ft...can I fit in either of these these?
I just wanna carve a Z in your forehead. - Dr. Gonzo
This not only kills the 4 cylinder Supra but also the Corolla GR as that will probably start around 40k. Sure the Corolla has more seats and a hatch but who cares about that when you're considering performance cars.
No drive modes, simple traction control, manual transmission, mechanical parking brake, buttons (not just a giant screen) - I am 100% a yes on these decisions.
I personally think the car looks dated…….Lazy design throughout.
Can clearly say the designer is really passionate on designing this car😇
I feel like nissan overkilled this new Z way better than toyota and subaru and simple
If I could afford the retarded dealer markups, I’d order one now
Nice to see Nissan back in the game!
Gloss black on the steering wheel where thumbs will be touching it constantly...seriously?  STOP with the incessant use of gloss black in frequent touch point areas.
I wasn’t going to buy it anyway. But since it would fit in with Russian invasion military “Z” vehicles I won’t be buying it even harder.
That silver portion on the c pillar was a design detail from a previous z (I forget which one) and is reminiscent of a Japanese Katana.
Finally a good car from Nissan. Too bad the rest of their lineup is ugly and bad quality. Sad how they have fallen off.
A retro throwback for the door handles harping "back" to the 350z is a reach from Nissan
Dw about the exhaust bro
Doug, I love you, but you gotta learn the difference between vertical and horizontal
"large vertical ovals".... Doug, those are HORIZONTAL, not vertical.
First thing I thought when I saw the Z font "Akuma no zetto"   ifykyk
Either going to get this or the Supra with the stick! Still not sure!!!
THAT BLUE INTERIOR IS A MUST AND SO FLY!!!!!
The tail lights are "vertical ovals"? Did I miss something?
“Butt-Dyno” 😏  -Doug
I can't unsee that gas cap lid now. Why is it so fucking big and why the hell would you be proud of designing it that way.
Really fun video Doug! Looks promising
Doug the type of guy to mix up his verticals and horizontals
(At 18:16), Google Street View may show you "the parking situation," but it's as it was when Google photographed that location, which could have been months previously. It's not real time imagery. Stalkers and robbers would have a great tool if those images were real time, so let's hope that never happens.
People keep calling this car "affordable". It's an $80,000 car in Australia. As much as I love Zs, why would I buy a Nissan that carry's a lot of reused parts from an earlier model, and doesn't really do anything new.  It's a lot of money, especially when you can buy a nice Euro for that.
Anyone else notice that he has to give the trunk popper an assist at 12:00?
Gaah I want one
my old 2007 mazaspeed3 had a nicer interior than this
Z does look better than the Supra .. agreed 💯
I hate Z’s I think it’s tragic what the cheap aftermarket has done to them with the fart can exhausts and trashy mods. But this is an absolutely gorgeous car I can’t deny it. Looks kind of like an Aston Martin in the rear
Just another car trying to keep the ICE age alive.
Damn, wow. This is actaully 100x better than I expected.
Nissan over BMW no question
The camera complaints seem like lazy useless things anyways. You dont need a high resolution, multi angle, top down camers in a tiny sports car meant for track use.
This is my favorite car out of the Z, GR-Four , Supra, GR86/BRZ. Nissan nailed this one!
Are we getting 2000 Nissan again?
How did we go from the awesome 350z to this nonsense?
I think it’s ugly and it’s a Nissan.  It’s not even in the same ballpark as the new Supra.  I’m not sure if the people claiming they like it are trolling or paid shills.
to many words were used in this video
I have decided not to comment about the "vertical" tail lights because they are not vertical.
Regarding the exhaust note, the manual Z is a lot quieter and sounds weaker than the automatic.  Because of the way that US noise regulations are measured are different on automatic versus manual transmissions, they had to fit a quieter exhaust on the manual to pass regulations.
G35 coupe from 2007/08 still sounds amazing..
Bruh Doug during the test drive you spit all over this man’s wheel/cluster 😂
You keep using the word vertical when describing the tail lights. The word you meant to use is horizontal! Vertical means up/down. Horizontal is side to side.
17:10 doug acting sus
Thank you for this, I now know what I want, as a guy who’s 1st car was a 1981 280Z, I think i found what I want.
If I have a digital gauge cluster on a multiple retro tributes car then I want copies of all the historic Z gauge clusters
Great car, but just wished the Q60 got some love like this too because they're very similar and the Q60 is still one of the most beautiful cars around
The "menu" button is the home screen. You can customize it and put all your favorite apps/sources on it. You can't do a split screen, but you can easily switch between sources/nav etc from the menu screen
for $50k it should have integrated the back up camera much better
They absolutely nailed it with the styling and design! It's modern looking with retro cues of the legendary initial 240/260/280 generation, (which itself was a styling nod to the Jaguar E-Type), without looking tacky or trendy. If dealers don't gouge people and Nissan can meet demand, this thing should be an unmitigated success!
hey Doug, why don't you go thru the Doug Score categories one by one anymore?
They said you can’t polish a turd, Nissan has been down to the drain long time ago!
On the 3 guages they should have put the 3rd one as turbo temp
Would much rather have this than a supra. This Z has such a nice clean style. The kind of car you could throw on some rims, an exhaust, then clean and wax, and then just sit there in a lawn chair and stare at it for a while.
Then the dealers will sell it over 100k
This has to be one of the most ugly new car's I've seen. Car has zero flow on the body. A shame since the engine puts out nice power.
It's okay. Don't like these wheels though. 50k is insane. I'll never see this
John davis coming out of retirement to counter Doug and compliment the voltmeter while calling the turbo rpm gauge useless
Last time a z debuted its competition was the mazda rx8. Now we need mazda to bring an rx with a 3 rotor paired with todays ev technology to meet emissions standards so we can have the rivalry back.
I’m scared about this car bruh. I hear those new infiniti’s are very unreliable but hopefully i am just misinformed
I’m not too sure that this car has more power than the Supra.  I’m not a huge fan of the Supra but I think I’d pay the extra 2k for the faster, more refined Supra.  Glad Nissan made this car though.    Would love to see a road course track comparison of these two cars.  I’m guessing the Supra comes out on top but it’s probably a very close matchup.
The auto exhaust is loader btw
Imagine if they put a CVT in it 😂
Doug have you been lifting?
This video has some wired speedup
The 350 and 370 look better than this, but I'd still take one.
Have you ever reviewed to 3rd generation 300ZX? I had that car back in the nineties. Many quirks and features!
It's really a beamer.
Sweet I can put the new color seats in my 370z 😁
honda see how you can make a good looking car without fake wholes and exaggerated pieces?? ejem ejem type r
Been watching you for years, but your endless hand gestures are wearing me out.  Great content but the hand gestures could be toned down.
Wow... that car is hideous :/
Nah dat shìt ugly 🤮 its shaped like the bullet off GTA
For Doug:   Vertical:          |  Horizontal:    —
It's a turd. Sorry Doug,
But its still ugly.
I would never ever for any reason go back to a manual transmission for a daily driver.  Weekend cruiser? Totally.
Only foolish people would buy an entry-level supra that has a full 140 less HP AND is more expensive...however I'd consider the Supra only if I'd go for the more expensive 54k trim level. both are great cars and I'm glad that we are getting our old-school Japanese sports car! i wish Mitsubishi see this comment and kick off every human who thought that it would be a cool idea to make the Eclipse into a crossover! absolutely a braindead idea..they could've given the current eclipse a different name instead of ruining a legendary name!  Maybe the 3000GT why not, and honda needs to bring back the S2000 again, the civic is an ok car but the S2000 would be much better.
no LSD at $40k is a yikes
The clutch situation..smh
Nissan bosses required reuse of old parts so the car can be sold cheap.
Love the silver Samurai Sword trim.
Is it just me, or the steering wheel is way too big?
Havent watched a doug video in a while
You ever like a car so much it just pisses you off?😅
Clutch, shifter, exhaust, got it. And how much is that in upgrades to make it "perfect"? $3.000 -$5000? Not thaaaat bad honestly. I also think the blue interior looks cute. I can imagine putting a bold pink wrap with ble accents for example on the body panels.  My point really, this car begs to be customized. -" 'Yoda voice' : And it will be... it will be."-
The blue interior is fire wdym
Dang 40k? That's very unaffordable. Nissan is suppose to be a mainstream brand. All car makers keeps moving higher and higher bluring the lines between luxury brands and mainstream. I get card are super expensive to make. But seriously need a car brand that had cars below 20k that aren't shit boxes. A base Corolla is super unaffordable now. I can't think of many people I know who can't justify spending 20k on a car. Let alone 40k on a impractical sports car Wages aren't going up. I have long since been priced out of the new car market.
The front of it looks like a blob fish at some angles
I’m really happy they have a traditional E brake, I have a 2018 Hyundai Sonata which has a pedal brake and a 1996 Nissan Maxima which has the traditional. And I prefer the traditional
Kind of upsets me that car companies keep making launch edition cars, but dont really tell the public about it and so they are always sold out before they even start selling them here. Either make more of them, or genuinely tell people when to preorder them. That yellow proto Z looks amazing as well as the interior. Wish they made more.
Affordable sports car. Nissan Z. Starting around $41k.  What a time to be alive.   That said, this car looks so good. Well done to Nissan.
I wonder how long till someone LS swaps this car
Boring Sub Standard Design. No thanks
Doug... I want one!
Horizontal not vertical, Doug.
Glad to see Nissan hit a home run on the new Z.
The new Z looks nice. Can't wait for dealers to mark it up 25k over
SUPRA, NOW THE Z!!! NEXT???
*horizontal
Am I the only one who thinks that Nissan should have optional glass t-tops like on their z cars from the 80s?
Looks like a little Aston Martin
This is one of the most comprehensive videos so far I have seen, but its missing a few important consumer points.  The rear view mirror, map lights, garage opener functions, all are important and always forgotten.  And Android Auto compatibility, phone fit near the cubby hole area, or does it need to go in the center console?   Speaker sound quality?  Why did the miss the mark with a T or Targa top!?!?! This would have put them on the market value of a corvette.  Over all great video and we all learned a lot. Thank you!
steering wheel inspired by the r32...? bruh, they are just both round with 3 spokes
Great car but absolutely comical that they used the 370z chassis for this
Before we get started, be sure to checkout Caars and Bidsss...and Echooooss
Damn the reverb in the cars and bids ad is bigger than this…….
In love with this car gonna be buying one for sure
Well done Doug!
Do a2cv
HATE the front- mainly the shape of the headlights
They thing is hideous! I’ll keep my Tesla
That could be the back end of a Nissan 240 SX model update.
Wish me luck on the lottery lol 😂
Considering its not american made, i dont see why anyone would want this crapbox over the dodge challenger or chevy camaro🙄
I disagree on the exhaust note. But, you are right, everyone will install a new fart muffler that wakes up the neighbors and gives ZERO horsepower gains.
Double the price of the old Z with basically the same vehicle!
The interior looks very value engineered.
The Z's biggest advantage over the "Supra" is that the Z is still a Nissan & not a poser living off of a true legend.
Doug the type to not know the difference between horizontal and vertical
Is this a good $50k car? thats the question that should have been talked about
Doug,  I’m so glad that you gave a good, honest, and optimistic review of this car. I’m rooting for Nissan to survive! Great review !
So sad this isn't coming to the UK
Those 3 guages are useless.  Nissan should have had them as coolant temp, oil pressure, and oil temp.  The boost gauge is already shown on the Dash.
turbo speed and battery voltage is useless info on the dash. could have gone with a coolant or oil temp gauge instead.
keeping my 370z
he did his research before making this
A Nissan is either downright good or it's complete garbage. They seem incapable of making an average car.
How does Doug have more views than savagegeese?!
I know this car will age well than the rest of the cars being offered now
how long does it takes to film, edit and finalize a video?
Great argument for the Supra/Z, but I choose Z all the way!
Great argument for the Supra/Z, but I choose Z all the way!
Damn I kinda want this thing. They nailed the design perfectly imo, lots of homage to previous models without it looking bad/tacky. And who can argue with a potent V6 and a 6 speed? Sign me up!
Would you take the New Z or new Corolla?
i got to go inside one. it has a blue exterior and interior. absolutely amazing
That have to be the ugliest Nissan Z ever made  that's what happens when companies try to mix old design with modern design sometimes just dosen't work
I like the silver trim, nissan did mention it resembles the katana sword which is an integral part of japanese samurai heritage. The silhouette is really cool when you’re moving it really seems like a katana in the wind.
More than a minute complaining about manual transmission feel and quirks when most dont even offer one. Wow.
I hope it is significantly cheaper than the Q60 Red Sport, otherwise....why?
Horizontal
Love this new car
To much plastic interior for a 2023 $50k car. Fail
Yeah… I want one
Knowing Nissan….The nismo version will be like 80,000
I've never really been a fan of Nissan.  I've personally felt like they haven't really made any nice looking vehicles other than the R34 Skyline.  This car though, I think is beautiful.  I'm a big fan of the look of this one.  They say it's a bunch of design queues from past cars, but this puts a better spin on them in my opinion.  And thanks Doug, I think you may have coined the phrase "butt dyno". hahahaha I love it.
Clutch feel in older Z models was handicapped by a helper spring on the pedal arm/linkage.  I would not be surprised if there was one in the new car as well.  It's supposed to make the pedal easier to use, but it takes away the natural feedback you expect from a clutch pedal and gives a very nonlinear springy feel.  You end up feeling (and fighting) the spring rather than feeling the clutch and its engagement.  Apparently you can tear the spring out with some pliers (or replace it with a less aggressive spring) and greatly improve the feel, but why the heck couldn't Nissan get this right to begin with?  It's not like a clutch pedal is some newfangled technology...
So he's not gonna mention that the sides of the front bumper are from the 350z? Alright
A turbo speed gauge ???? How stupid, an oil temperature or oil pressure gauge would be a lot more useful
Is there any possibility toyota can slap a badge on this instead of the current bmw supra.
The VR30DDTT engine has had drive belt issues in the past with Infiniti. One commenter on another YT channel said he bought a Q50 new and changed the belts immediately to be proactive against engine failure as well as installing aftermarket pulleys.  I will wait a few years to hear if issues persist with this engine paired with the Z.  By then I probably will have bought a GR86 which will probably have an easier insurance rate.
Great video!
This! Is where you go to see the new Nissan Z!
Nissan did this car well. Especially having an actual e-brake and not an electric one? I'm excited to see people using these for drift builds. I want one.
“carry over” isn’t cost saving for buyers. It’s profit retention.
As a Z enthusiast,, one whom has owned every Z platform... I hate this new "Z." They couldn't even keep the outstanding tradition of naming the car after the displacement. 300Z wasn't taken.. Hard pass on this Z. Maybe in 10 years. Maybe.
If you as a driver are dependent on "driver aids" you shouldn't be a driver of the Z. Or any car for that matter.
I’d be curious what this car can make with FBO and a tune. Supra gets 500-600 before doing turbo swaps etc
Man this car is so nice. I love it!
If you don't have plans or money to modify your car than go to Supra but, if you want to tune up your car than go to this Z
You buy a sports car, you get a sports car, no need for other drive modes. Good on Nissan.
Is there any way you can separate the videos into chapters. Some of us just want to skip to the driving part and not have to listen to all the over the top enthusiastic yammering
Unfortunately the interior looks, well, um.....old
Can’t believe how ugly the steering wheel is. Nice car otherwise..
I care nothing about it having "old buttons", I'd buy it.
Destination? You mean shipping?
Verticle?....slow down Dougy
The battery voltage being on a physical gauge makes sense; doesn't do you much good if it's in a screen and your car won't start, right?
I usually watch your entire ad for cars and bids, but eff it all mad, that echo is murderous.
That base model looked cleeeeeeean!
Kinda disappointed they continue to refuse to bring the Fairlady moniker state side
I think you mean horizontal when talking about the tail lights ;)
Horizontal doug, Horizontal
Super weird, but when he zoomed in on the Z badge, all I could think of was the Russian troops inviting Ukraine. Now I can't unseen it.. another weird thing is that I never thought this of 911s and 9/11 for example.
Theres really no major points in this car that I don't like. Nissan cut costs in the right areas and design inside and out is just how I personally like it. They've executed the throwback touches incredibly well. The new Z is really an absolutely amazing car from the looks of it. Reliability is my only question mark now. Even with that in mind, if it's anything like the previous model, I will most likely be looking into buying one. Shame I live in Europe so the car has to be imported, which does increase the costs a bit. From what I've seen so far, it'll be worth it.
I really don't understand why we can't get this car over here in Europe, it's the first Nissan since the 300Z that I'm actually interested in and would want to get.
As a couple of people have mentioned, Jason Cammisa's excellent Drag-Race "review" explains that the 6MT has quieter mufflers due to idiotic noise regs. It will be interesting to see if the dyno shows the manual to be down on power as a result. I wonder if replacing the stock mufflers with the less restrictive units from the auto version would void Nissan's warranty? If not, that will be the very first thing I do after taking delivery.
That screen looks laggy and slow. Gross.
Just a note that the taillights are horizontal. Minor correction. 🙂
That car is a death trap
21:10 Turbo speed is a useless gauge, I'd  take an oil pressure gauge over it any day.
@8:17 "large vertical ovals".... Doug, those are HORIZONTAL, not vertical.
I want one!!!!
Must be a pretty powerful engine in order to have its own seatbelt!
Same 350 pig, different shade of lipstick.
I see the lack of driver aids and a manual hand brake as HUGE HUGE HUGE wins.  I like my cars more simple and manual like this!!
“I benchmark brands like Porsche” Doug you I think you have forgotten the Z has always been “the poor mans Porsche”
Only gonna cost 100K after ADM
The design at the base of the A pilar caught my eye near the end of the video. Left me wondering about a quirk unmentioned.
They already said is slower than the Supra mk4 and they cost the same lololo
It’s really hard for me to stay excited about this car. The more I see it the more it just seems like a refresh than a new vehicle. Sure new engine and tech but after a few years that “new” interior will look 20 years old.
The Russians must be a fan of the Z, as they put it on their tanks and military vehicles when invading Ukraine.
Less driver aides are a good thing
Come on Doug....who cares about the stupid no nav in the gauges..... stop already dude
The new Z is a beautiful looking sports car. Nice and sleek. Make it electric with 1000 HP and it will be the envy of Elon.
NiZZan
Doug, were you lying down and didnt know it when you did the tail lights review?
They absolutely nailed the design of this car.
If Nissan comes out with an electric version, will it be called “EZ”?
Inside looks pretty plastic for a car of this price. The front really doesn’t look good.
Why does Doug want a car that gives the driver AIDS?
Your 'butt' dyno is wrong. Supra has beaten it.
Looks good from most angles. Would look better with a different grille cutout
8:05 does doug not know what vertical means?
I really thought this car would be 45k fully loaded, Supra 3.0 is a much better buy if you have the budget to stretch and dont hate the looks. Nismos going to be 60k lmao.
Now imagine Doug doing a review with a woman instead of a car 😂.
The lack of "modes" in the manual is a good thing
This is one of my favorite rear end designs right now
This guy always complains about the resolution of the backup cameras. You're not gonna sit there and eat popcorn while enjoying your backup camera movie.. geeez
I love it, it's beautiful, but in my eyes, nothing is better than the original 240 Z and the 1989-1997 Z32 300ZX
it looks like a fucked up concept drawing that got approved on first sight
This entire thing screams early 90s meets back to the future.
it's "Zx"  pretty clear in the classic logo the "x" inside the z
Bad timing for marketing a product named with "Zeta"  ...unles is in Russia.
This thing beats the shit out of the Supra lmao
Looks great not a big fan of the look of the rear end. But the rest is nice.   Maybe it will grow on me like many other cars.
Don’t be fooled by the large fuel cap, the designers most likely did that under the ordinance that the car will be EV’d one day and will require extra charging ports without disturbing the overall frame design of the car.
This car was really nice to see in person.  The draw backs to me, I hate saying this, is the price.  I always consider the Z to be in competition with cars like the 86/BRZ, this generation they decided to hit a higher weight class, while I think they hit hard, some of the features I personally really enjoy, like interior features and daily life features are really lacking.  These cars will be great to pick up used in a few years if the market ever normalizes.
Tailgate button? Really Doug?
If only we could have the body and engine of the Z with the Supra's interior....the interior of the Z looks so cheap.
Parts bin special! I still dig it and think the recivial of these cars is great, but not at that price.
9:31 wow it looks like they put the wrong wheels on this car. look at the gap and how inset they are. ew.
vertical ovals huh?
But it's still not a 996 turbo.
Dream car
I owned a 350Z and it was a dream car in every respect. The design was simply gorgeous and the performance respectable. Mine was a yellow color and I never had so many compliments in my life about the design. This new version is bland and has no character at all. I am so sorry to see such a wonderful car reduced to white bread. Sad man...
The black roof and wheels makes it look cheap and completely break the whole design theme. The gray 'Sport' model shown at 8:52 look so much better!
Love the back. Hate the front. No clue on the interior.
I mean, I feel like the “Supra having only an auto” argument is kind of moot now because it is getting a manual this coming model year. However, this will completely destroy Supra sales and Toyota needs to do something competitive to make up for it, whether that’s reducing price of the straight 6 model or adding power
Bring on the dealer mark-ups
This car sucks
AutoNation Toyota Mall of Georgia is where its at
Let's expose the truth about the engine. It's the same engine in the Q50 and has major flaws. Join an infiniti q50 group and look how many people have blown engines and bad turbos with less than 20k miles and no mods. Save your !oney and get a 370 or Q50 for a way cheaper price.
Can u do a Nissan patrol nismo and the super safari next
The interior is cheap and nasty,german cars better quality 👌
Isn’t the ‘menu’ button the Home Screen? When you clicked on it it sure looked like one lol
Not to knitpick but at 8:15 you say vertical oval, and in fact you meant horizontal. You said it twice.. just wanted to make the distinction.. good video by the way, sometimes feel you’ve been rushing recently tho, like on the lightning video you seemed rushed in presentation. You were speaking very quickly. Relax, slow down, enjoy it! We will still watch if it’s an extra 2 mins longer because you took your time and didn’t make silly mistakes like vertical and horizontal.. just saying… keep it up Doug! Always love watching your videos! “THHHIIIISSSSSSS”
R.I.P bmw Supra
Doug we need to talk about horizontal vs v vertical.  Lol
A note on the driver convenience features - not sure about others, but I am personally fine with no lanekeep, 360 camera, etc. I know how to do everything these features will do for me. By not including them, Nissan not only reduces cost, but also makes future serviceability easier due to a less complex design.
No z31 love 😢
Looks like Nissan finally put a comprehensive oil pressure gauge in their cars!! Doesn't matter what z32 you buy along with other models, the oil pressure gauge always lacks.
Good that russia sponsored lunch of this car Z
Sounds like a really good bargain, and tied for second in this category is a major coup for them with this Doug score! I have no problem with manufacturers re-using some parts, because it does keep things more cost effective. A nice interior is great, but for me, it's all about the overall experience and how the car makes me feel. The front end, especially is reminiscent of the first gen. The exhaust note is kind of underwhelming, I agree......"some guy that's mad in his Camry" (or however you put it) made me laugh.
The new manual transmission Z seems to match the best old-school features with the best new high-tech.  It allows me to forgive them for making millions of crappy CVT Nissan Versas, Altimas, and Maximas.
Yeah idk where you got your info from Doug, everyone is hating on this car lol. Most Nissan/Infiniti fan boy groups make memes of this car.
Tiktok radio wtf
Doug’s the type of guy to listen to Tiktok Radio
Im a car guy. Ive been a car guy since I was 10. Im in my 40s now. And even I think Nissan is living in the past. They could have made this car an EV sports car. It would have been something different in a world of Sedans and SUVs. They could have used the arya platform for this. Maybe scaled it down to save weight. I dont know, I just dont think anyone should be releasing ICE sports cars anymore....
Ok Nissan , put this engine in the Maxima with rear wheel drive and a manual transmission.  Maybe you will become the 4 door sports car again
Nope it’s ugly as hell and it sounds even worse…i will stick with my 350Z Nismo…
I love the aesthetics of this car and I wanted to upgrade from my 370 but I think I kind of just rather just supercharge mine with the stillen kit and call it a day
Glad Nissan done the z right this time, loved my 370 when driving but was never the most gorgeous car on the road but I’m deff going to be in the market for this one
Was that the manual gr supra in the beginning?? Lol
I went looking for a 370z thinking it was going to be cheap because of the release of this AND… big sigh… over 35k for a late nicer one. Silly me 😅
The other manual sports car that doesn’t have different drive modes is the Porsche 718 GT4.
Doug is the performance model of men. Look at that knee towel. Fits into the cargo short pocket I would assume?   Thanks again for another awesome video, Doug! Love my 370z even if it is outdated :p
Echo...echo...echo...echo.  Cars and Bids segment worst room acoustics I've heard with Doug.
The steering wheel looks like it was ripped out of a kia
The Z always  look to me like a baby V
I think the point of the black roof and silver trim strip is to try and disguise the thickness of the newer cars roof and mimic the thinner roof proportions of the older Z cars pre modern safety regs?
PLZ PLZ.. GET A AFTERMARKET FRONT BUMPER
Vertical is the new horizontal.
I understand, these transmission are from Janco/Jatco (Whatever)  so expect them to blowup at 60k miles give or take. Any trans from this company is pure Dog Shit !!!
Excellent review as always Doug! Seems like a very fair and unbiased comparison to it's direct rivals. For me, the new Z isn't compelling enough to put me off getting a new Supra. I know I'm in the minority but I think the exterior styling of the Supra is much nicer than this new Z (exception for the fake vents everywhere) and the interior quality of the Supra is really worth the price differential in my opinion. I'm very much looking forward to hearing your thoughts on the new MT Supra and if it is everything you've stated you think it would be in past reviews of the car.
nice
Yeah don't bother putting anything actually useful like trans oil temp, engine oil temp, or coolant temp
No Sir its FUGLY
The new Z just got it's mouth full of braces!👎
This car would be amazing if it were 2014
I might be crazy but the Sport looks better than the Performance...
Woah, This big fuel door makes me think.. maybe they will come up with an electrical/gas edition of this vehicle!!!!
I absolutely love the design of the car, the blue looks absolutely stunning, too bad I cant afford one
<opens back hatch showing the manual> oh well hello old friend
The Z has one big problem. It's a 4 door, WRC looking,  reliable toyota, that will be more economical,  practical and probably sound better. A 100 horse difference won't be enough I'm afraid. I wouldn't feel good buying this knowing the GR Corolla exists. Plus awd means the GR will eat the Z for dinner if theres as much as a drizzle outside.
Savagegeese, the best reviewer on the web, says "The Z is a better driver's car than the Supra"
See previous models Nissan are not durable not reliable cars that have many problems that break quickly
That chrome strip is supposed to mimic the look of a Katana blade.
The rear end of this car is pretty good, I prefer the Sport model with no spoiler. Gives it a cleaner look.
I don’t like it! 300zx (hell even 350z) is more interesting!  Maybe it’s me getting old but they would have to pay me driving this thing 🤢 I’d rather get that BMW Supra or whatever it’s called
I’m pretty sure the average Z owner won’t even care for a HD rear view camera or a full map on their speedometer
Man, they combined all the other Zs and made it look _good!_ This is truly going to be an iconic sports car
Only thing I don't like about it is the Front. I'm sorry but that grille just looks off in every way possible. Way to big and why exactly is it a rectangle on such a rounded off car? xd  Just my personal opinion I'd still buy it tho
The New Supras reliability will be horrid because it’s based on a BMW
is it made in JP? I would love the return of T-top.
Is it though?
Should offer T tops.
Great review. But how is your value score the same as the Supra. Seems odd since you gushed over the extra value this car provides. 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
My 2015 Accord EX-L V6 manual coupe doesn’t have drive modes either. Thought it was weird but I guess it makes sense.
It’s be cool if the third gauge was a fuel gauge. Probably it not outdated but I’d think it’d be cool
Trash
I love that nissan put the aux power in the footwell, they really do know their customers well. I don’t think i’ve ever been in a Z that didn’t have a radar detector in it.
Your annoying Quagmire!
Not many ppl reviews cars as much in detail as Doug does .Example his description on the taillights and there functionality of them and even the HUGE gas flap! What the hell lol never even noticed it till now .The car will look so good with a bigger duckbill spoiler .
Z is the way to go!
But  It’s still a Nissan
Nice...
Anybody else miss t-tops or targa tops. Yes the Corvette has it.
I LOVE that this comes with a manual
Nissan hit the nail with the new Z! She’s gorgeous! Welcome back Nissan!👌🥰👍 and with available manual transmission! Can get any better than that!
Only Russians will buy that car
What a lovely car! I bet this might get popular in some countries. Nailed it with the badging
my kind of car, i am not a fan of all the fancy tech in cars today. i strongly feel it takes away from the REAL true driving experience.
Probably the biggest drawback of the Supra is it's BMW reliability. You literally wouldn't want to own one after it's warranty expired.
Does it have an inline 6? If not it's not a Z
I hate Nissan with a passion but this looks nice so far
Nissan: adds a spot for radar detectors Doug: "Clearly they know their customers"
The Z got blown out by the Supra though on Hagerty 🥴
Doug looks good in this car
bruh that backup camera is straight up dogwater
*Checks notes..."horizontal" vs. "vertical" It must be a Monday.
1:18 to skip the promo.  :)
Let's see the roadster, Nissan.
This car is a stunning departure from the norm in the automotive world. It doesn’t look like a spaceship or some horrific modern art like so many other offerings and the power train seems competent and targeted to the people who will actually buy it. The best thing I’ve seen roll out of a Nissan dealership in recent memory.
BMW tie in? Literally is a BMW...
Interior is bad. All plastic. Media is trash. Sad 😔
Doug, did upload this today because of an embargo and are you going to be uploading tomorrow too to keep up with your regular schedule ?
Today must’ve been Opposite Day , Doug calling the taillights vertical ovals and the vertical brake lights
The newest infotainment looks like fresh outta 2009 💀💀 but great car none the less
Vertical doesn't mean what Doug thinks it means.
I thought it's pronounced "Z", not "Z"?
Hashtag - ideal pedal travel situation 😂
The piece along the roof line looks more like brushed aluminum than chrome
A huge improvement over the 370Z which i never got to like.  Is really gorgeous, although i'd have liked some cosmetic changes here and there but is a really cool car nonetheless.
Zed.
Can’t wait for the manual Supra review after this!
I would have the Supra, because I rather have a Toyota Badged BMW, than a Japanese Renault.
I sat in an exact Z like that at the NY Auto Show in April, was very impressed overall for Nissan to make a proper sports car in this day and age, I’m considering to buy one now.
I actually like that dark silver, sport model better. The body color roof, the flat, no wing, rear. Even the wheels, look better to me.
Zed!
Going to review a q60 rs? Or no point since you reviewed the q50rs?
Every minute of footage from that echo chamber of a showroom should be deleted 😂
Cuz he’s mad in traffic 😂
I was never a fan of the recent Z generations mostly because I don’t like the way they look but this car I like a lot and would probably buy one if I had the money, Nissan did a great job with this car
Is it really mostly new? It's the same platform as the 370/350z  Awful design in requiring the removal of the strut brace to take off the engine cover.  Is this not just a Nissan q50?  $40-50k and it uses a hood prop instead of a strut? Where did the money go?  They should've kept the z33 door handle. That was originally a retro bit on the z33. If you're going to do it, just do it. Body color looks cheap here.  The fake reflectors are a shame. They should have used those as the reverse lights, or as rear fog lights  The engine note isn't just not as a good as the vq, it's downright awful. It sounds like a duratec 30  The giant gas cap, the giant rear Nissan logo, the very shallow hatch opening. Just bring back the rear fill gas cap like the 60's models  The "crossbar" is just as fake as the 350 and 370 z. It doesn't connect the strut towers  It's actually shameful that they're reusing interior parts from a decades old car and still charging $50k+. This should be a $30k car starting. Especially considering the 370z parts were lifted from the 350z. Some of these parts are two decades old in design. The door panels and vents don't even match the dashboard  For $50, missing side cameras and top down view is unforgivable. Nothing on this car is original to it, it's all parts bin. They could have easily parts binned a better camera  The 12v wasn't thoughtful, it was tacked on down there because they ran out of design funds. That they advertise it as for a radar detector is blatantly irresponsible on the company's part. There's no reason to be encouraging unsafe driving  The boost and "turbo speed" gauge are both fake. Putting a tachometer on the impeller shaft is a recipe for disaster  Unheated, manual cloth seats in a $40k car is a travesty. More evidence of this being an overpriced $30k car  Bose factory audio is hot garbage. Get the sport and upgrade yourself  The supra is a better car in and out. You should be cross shopping the v8 mustang as well though. Better interior than the z, better handling than the supra, better engine note and more power than both at a lower price point. For a several thousand less, you're looking at a pp2 gt or a used gt350
i believe the silver accent piece is a samurai sword thing.
Buy the Sport model and add aftermarket parts:  carbon clutch plate LSD, half-mass flywheel, JWT clutch, short throw shifter, track wheels and tires, track brake pads, and some stiffer springs....  plus drop about 200 pounds of bs off the car...  should be a fun track toy, assuming oil doesn't overheat like the 2009 model intro
"Ttttttthhhhhhiiiiiiiizzzzzzzzzzz"is the new nissan Z
The grey Z sports edition gives me ferrari vibes.
It feels like a retro car without them actually trying to make it retro. I really really like it
Nope its a 400z. Through and through. Aint no one going to be oh the "Z". Thats about as stupif as the xbox one... after having the original, and 360. Lol
I have no car atm (money issues, not that I don't want or need one, its just no money) but when and if I ever get to the point of being able to afford one, Im buying another Nissan. My Altima ( actually looks a little like the white one @ 18:31)  finally lost her tranny last year after 233K of hard miles and I lost my source of income at about the same time. Its been a long year...ugh lol. O well. Life could be worse even I guess. Great review Mr.Doug! Your channel is one of the few things I look forward to watching.
If Doug started selling kneepads, I would get in line.
Great car! But first, how much dealer markup and insurance premium will it take?
Its quiet bcz nissan was forced to neuter the car and quiet it. But...it will be opened up by most everyone buying i bet
i hate the front grill. it's like the car has braces.
Sportmode cluster looks AMAAAAAAAAZZZZIIIIINGGGGG
I don’t like Nissan as a brand, but I gotta say the Z is really promising. Cheaper then the Supra and has more power, manual, and a really good looking car! Overall I’d give it an 8/10. Good job Nissan finally you made a good car for the first time in ages
"no home screen" is menu not considered a home screen anymore
I’d much rather have a new Z than a new Supra, at any trim level.
The embargo must have lifted today. Every youtube reviewer and their mother has a video up on this car.
Nice car but there's just a little bit too much retro throwbacks.
If you can roll the windows down above 40mph then it’s another win over the Supra.
the 3 gauges should always be boost, afr and oil pressure 0/10 cant buy because biden
Something you overlooked, the back up camera sticking out....kinda looks like the key hole for the trunk on the 300zx z32 model
8:15 good to see that Nissan brought the orange turn signal, separate from the tail light. This is obviously safer than traditional red turn signals combined with tail lights.
My Mom bought a 78 280 z. New. I drove the wheels off no problems it keep up with a friend's 911 SC.
Therapist: reverb doug is not real, he can't hurt you Reverb doug: 0:28
I really, really, like the look of this car.
maps are worthless unless you have a destination selected.
I love how the new z takes some of the old and modernizes it. Unfortunately I wish they did the same with the Supra and the integra.
Honest opinion: I really really like this car and don’t think anything is bad about it. However the price seems really high for me personally , I see this car in the mid to high 30’s to early 40’s. $50k for this car is too much imo. I think there’s way better stuff you can get out there for that price even though most of them aren’t brand new. Either way they really knocked this car out of the park and I think that people that don’t even like Japanese cars will like this one.
Still not better then the Supra 6 cylinder and it’s coming with a manual too. And it’s lighter and that makes it faster even tho the z got more horsepower
I do like this new Z but I don't like paying $40k for the pleasure. I would be very interested in a 4 cyl version or a take this platform stretch it a little and make a new SX 2+2 coupe that starts at $30k.
Not sure why this Car is so expensive.  I bought a Nissan Z for 8k in my 20s.   How are young people supposed to afford this?
The Z with the Supra/BMW interior would be really nice. The only gripe I have with this car is the low end interior and tech.
7:25 those massive fuel door is designed so that they can install the battery charger when they electric version comes in the future.⚡
Still disappointed that Nissan didn't upgrade the tech in this Z Or Q. Styling still needs to grow onto me, but I still like the Q50/60 for looking more like traditional Skylines now.
The Z absolutely killed the 2.0 Supra and I feel that we have a manual 3.0 because Toyota was afraid of the Z! It's great to see such a great competitor like the Z!  (Also: The quiet exhaust is because of noise regulations, Porsche passes by putting amazingly long gears, but Nissan just puts a more muted muffler, which is WAY cheaper to fix than changing the gear ratios of your Gearbox)
I’m curious if, when Nissan inevitably has to replace this with an electric model, they will call it the E Z…
I would get an automatic
It would have been Nicer to write: "Since year '69' of 20th Century"
Base Z  is Hot
I love the fact that they made this and made it a manual! I truly hope it sells well
i tried liking this dude.....then he says quirks and features like the tootsie roll pop owl every time......no thanks vaudeville
I’m going to put a deposit on one!      When I get the money
THIS is a beautiful car. my god.
If I had a Z...
Turbo speed will be cool for high elevation. Turbo spins faster to compensate for lower atmospheric pressure
my thoughts.  it looks plain ….i take a manual supra over it   i like the 18” wheels better and the rear end the front end nit so much and that gas cap no
I really enjoy your content, Doug. However, this new Z car is just about as ugly as they get. For me, this new Z car is just littered with too many design queues from so many different generations of previous Z cars. It's like this car has no identity. I wonder if the designers are a bunch of 27 year olds trying too hard to make this car cool by referencing it's heratige.
Doug words this video like we should pity Nissan. If the car is bad quality the consumers will buy something else that is better. That will force Nissan to make a better car or go extinct, no need to try and bend to what Nissan wants you to say
I wish they kept the clock instead of the battery voltage
I always wanted a Z car , years ago i figured they might put the new TT V6 engine from the Q60 into a new Z car and here we are.  I’m thinking about getting one honestly and imagine how much more HP with a proper engine tuner.
So Infiniti is an experimental subsidiary of Nissan now 🤔. Infiniti used to look great (from outside) but this is Classic.
Great car, not a great time to have a Z on the trunk though....
I am not a jdm guy by any means, but Nissan did good here   Also Doug said vertical instead of horizontal like 4 times while talking about the tail lights
The design looks like 💩
doug you missed a spot shaving
A nine speed automatic??????? Yeah that’s not gonna make it past 50K miles. Definitely better get the manual transmission!
Truly beautiful automobile, very few cars successfully manage to combine so many different design throw backs while maintaining a sense of distinctiveness and style.
Why in the world would the Z need driver aids????
Power bulge
the front is meh
The Z is a classic.
This explains why Toyota released a Manual Supra just recently. If Mazda releases their own Straight six and a new Car between both of these, it is making Toyota Look pretty foolish
Love this new Z! Please review the 300ZX!
I can’t not hear “Newsy” whenever Doug says it
Nice to see the Z back. I like the looks; I had a 1991 TT Z love that car
God dude, that Sport Z looks so much more sleek
The older one looks better to me
You should do a kia proceed gt...my dad has the gt model everythig besides the heating seat...
So will the base be on the 2030 Car’s that will increase in value” list because they were “unloved”?
To me it looks like the old Datsun Z cars. I like it!
Bye bye Supra. This is a handsome and very desirable car. Unlike the melting design and ugly fake vents and scoops of the Supra, this is really a throwback to the great years of sport cars. Better car for the money! Bravo Nissan.
That fuel door is hideous 🤦‍♂️
The ND Miata also doesn't have drive modes if you get it in manual. The auto has a sport button. Unless you don't consider the Miata a sports car?
Someone needs to teach Doug the difference between Vertical and Horizontal.
I wouldn't be so sure the Z actually makes more power than the Supra. They dyno really high for their rating just like BMWs. Nissan OTOH tends to stretch the truth with its power ratings.
They may have added the silver ovals to hide the rectangular grill, but it still has that ugly rectangular grill, smh😮‍💨
Coobcio, jesteś?
What is the red line on this car?
P.s. don’t be making fun of us old guys in Camrys. Lol 😂
Not my favorite, but still a cool car
This is a lazy cash grab car at this price range. Most of it's from the Nissan parts bin with new bodywork. For $50K, you may as well get a well taken care of GT350.
Bro comb your hair at least
the Nissan 370z it is more beautiful
Let's be honest, not a great time to release a car named "Z" 😁
That blue interior is beautiful. I'd imagine it goes amazing with the greys and silvers on the exterior of the car.
This will sell good in Russia ...not so good in Ukraine tho
great job, Doug.  Love this review.
The delay of the infotainment system is ridiculously slow
Bravo on keeping it Nissan, Nissan! I love Toyota but they’re unwilling to have a loss leader for the diehards.
looks cheap to me
With this being heritage oriented and dropping the numbers in the z name I think this will be the last model of it
Just straight pipe the new z and it sounds like it's perfect.
Just put some bigger wheels on that gray Sport model and it looks better than the performance
Neeson Zee 🤷🏼‍♂️
"these large vertical oval brake lights".... scratches head.. looking at horizontal oval brake lights...🙃
I had a 280zx in the 80’s.  This new “Z” car looks very generic to me. In fact all the ovals and circles on this car look mid 2000’s to me. Seems like they could’ve done much better. I’d go 4 cyclinder Supra.
This “Z” name comes at a really bad timing. It should come with a disclaimer:  “Car name actually not in support of Vladimir Putin.”
I waited this review soooo much. And its not disappointed me.  And its sad to say, but i think never can to afford it)
I can't wait to see all of the riced out Z's give me a laugh with their blacked out gas lids
Hi Doug! I'd just LOVE if you'd bring back the quick recap and reasoning for your score for each category prior to the final score. Very minor nitpick, your reviews are still in a league of their own on youtube - but that was part of what makes them so good. Cheers man.
I've heard that you can't turn the traction control all the way off. I'd say Try holding it down for 3 seconds, the previous model the light would flash 3 times and turn off traction control fully.
someone needs to teach doug what vertical and horizontal means.
Anyone know how much power these make with some bolt ons and a tune?
It’s like every revival.  Is it better than the original? Yes. Is it worth the current price ? Heeellllllllllllll No.
I wish this much thought and detail about the model and history was involved with the design of the supra. This new Z is beautiful and looks so good!
Doug my dude.....lets have a discussion about what vertical and horizontal means.
Only missing the targa top from the 300ZX
Camera is same that Nissan uses in the trucks and the infotainment screen the menu button is your “home” button u can see the home logo above the words menu
No need for drive modes, car is already on Sport mode, that’s the only one you need.  On the side, hopefully someone makes a Fair Lady Z badge for this car or maybe the Japanese version will have it, always love to see one on the back of the Z’s.
Great review, very informative. I've heard that you could upgrade to NISMO exhaust for better sound. Any idea if that'll also add some measurable HP?
Damn, thanks Nissan!!!! This is badass!
The interior looks too bare for the price. The exterior design is a mixed bag. The rear looks retro and the front/sides modern. Definitely not for everyone.
Also this one looks much better than the Supra
I feel bad for Nissan, they've designed a beautiful car that really has enthusiasts in mind, but I don't think sales will be good. For 50k most people are going to choose an M2, Cayman, Mustang, Camaro or Challenger over the Z since they have more modern platforms and better technology. And while the Sport model at 40k really seems like a good deal, the ugly interior and smaller wheels are going to be too off-putting for people looking for an out of the box good sports car. I think the 40k version is going to be perfect for tuners, but that community really isn't that big anymore 😞
wouldve been 100% sold if the bottom of the glass just said " '69 " with no context. 11:01
HR or DE tho??
Aww man, I really, _really_ wanted the black grille. Looked so retro futuristic
I'm sorry but that front end is horrible :/
was honestly thinking v6 Camry sound right before he said it
I had my 2008 350z for 9 years and overall it treated me well. Eventually dad got a 2014 370z and he freaking loves that car! So much so, that he will absolutely be getting the new Z. I've moved on myself and have 2018 RS3 now; I've tried to convince him that he would look good in a TTRS but he's not having it haha. Looking forward to seeing this new Z in person.
The only other z I've wanted was the 300zx. None other caught my interest. This one looks amazing
Sounds like a piece of shit.
SUPRA has 380 hp but to the weels haha
After a couple of years this design will just blend in with the crowd. It looks cool, but kinda boring at the same time
A charcoal gray with that black roof would look amazing.
Doug had 3 major problems:  interior isn't up to date. Exhaust is weak. Shift nob is light.  So... 1500 bucks plus shipping to please daddy Doug? I'll take that any day!
I think I’d still take the upcoming manual Supra over it, but this with the blue interior is really nice looking.
Honestly this update feels like the car no one asked for. Just another overpriced Japanese vehicle asking for the same amount as a euro car. I mean the fact that they carried over tons of parts from a car that was built 10 years ago is depressing. My Honda Civic has more tech than this and it’s 3 years old and close to a base model.
12:00 even though it has the same amount of storage, the storage was reworked to hold wider stuff than the prior model.
21:55 crip specc unlocced
Ziiiissss Nissan Z
Aaaannndddd,  with dealer mark up it should be a cool 100k.........
Same platform since ‘09? this is what people are probably gonna pay 10-15K over sticker for?
Americans say "ZED" challenge 2022/3.
Honestly, no Home Screen is kinda a biggie.
I can see this being a future classic, I absolutely love the design.
it doesn't even come close to the Supra. The Supra dog walked this car and it comes with more/better features.
At least Nissan is still a Nissan unlike a mutt like the Supra lol
I only like the rear end. Everything else looks like a modern cluster fuck. Pretty much all cars have looked weird since the 90's.
I don't understand how cars still have a terrible read camera when my phone has a 108mp camera
The new Z is what the new supra shouldve been
9 speed auto? Wtf
The GT-R, HAS to be next for a re-vamp for fuck's sake 🤦‍♂️
I just need to point out that Z symbol is recently not very politically correct in western world
the manual has a quieter exhaust because of some weird regulations because of the gear ratio. The automatic is louder.
Nissan ruined their consumer reputation with their sedans and trucks. I've lost interest in their sports lineup.
50k?????
Funny you should start this video with a Mk5 Supra, it looks a bit like a modern 240z with a body kit. Datsun originally took design elements from rival sports cars of the day (like the Alpha Romeo Spyder, Fiat Dino, Toyota 2000gt, Aston Martin DBS and the Jaguar E-Type). It seems car makers have been doing the same since the turn of the century with the original Z cars. Aston Martin made a few cars in the 00s (like the Vantage and DB9/10) that were similar looking. Jaguar also made the F-type which shares many similarities. More recently, Mercedes has the AMG GT and Ferrari has the Omologata, Roma, 812 superfast and the new BR20 that could all pass as Z car remakes. This new Z car looks more similar to the concept Z car Nissan made in the late 90s/ early 2000s. I think the Mazda Miata (or MX-5) has come closest to replicating the original Z cars in spirit - and the newest model could pass for a Z car as well!
Big facts: nobody actually cares about back up camera resolution.
the new z looks like a z. Thats the best part about it. It doesnt need any badges to figure out what it is
erm, not a good title for a car in the current climate is it ffs
If Money isn’t a problem I’ll go supra but if I have only 41 thousand I’ll go Z  But the supra is faster
I like it. We'll see show it does reliability-wise. Frankly, that manual transmission is a step in the right direction.   It REALLY corners QUITE well .  So does it REALLY corner well or does it do it QUITE well? 😀😁😂🤣
Infotainment from a 2015 Mitsubishi
Arm flapping…,more arm flapping
Rear lights are just rear fog lights
I am in love with the rear of this car, looks so much like vintage sports car but with a perfect modern flair
50k sooooo 130k at a car dealership….
This new Z may have more horsepower than the Supra, but it losses to the Supra in the 0 - 60 time and right on through the quarter mile. Check-out Hagerty's latest video.  Mustang vs Supra vs Z.
I was not expecting this car to become a reality
Am I the only one that thinks this thing looks super ugly?
they made my dream car
kind of like the wheels on the non sport better. Wonder if you can mix and match?
I read like 20% of the car is carryover. The windshield and back glass too.
The Datsun 240Z is my favourite all time classic sports car.  I'm glad this time Nissan got the silhouette close to the original 240Z, incl. the side daylight opening. ❤
Are the tail lights “vertical”??? They look horizontal to me.
Mmm. $50K low end sportscars.
8:04 What's the difference between vertical ovals and horizontal ovals?
Who else just isn't sold on the exterior design of the new Z?
I get that it aesthetically pulls from the past, but, this would've been fugly in 1996.
*w/ thicc russian accent*: I love this model
Doug would hate driving my Z, super stiff clutch and ultra light shift knob.   Crazy how the interior is nearly exactly the same as the old Z....but makes sense to keep the cost down. Twin turbo V6 Sportscar for around $45k is an insane deal for 2022.  That's similar to Kia Stinger twin turbo MSRP. New twin turbo 300Z back in the early 90's could cost anywhere between $60k and $80k in todays money.
I'm pretty sure those brake light ovals are horizontal, unless my phone was held sideways.
I love throwback cars
That infotainment looks horrible outdated. Software is style like a old Winamp skin lol.
It’s a shame that I believe this beauty isn’t coming to the uk, I’d buy one in a heart beat there so amazing
This is like an Integra R without AC. It’s a pure and raw sports car. I love it for that. The Supra is nicer but this is just raw muscle.
THIS is what happens when you let your design and engineering team HAVE FUN. You end up with just... well flat out- a _good car._ It's not a crossover or a hollow cashgrab or any bs like that- it's one of the best new proper sports cars you can get right now I'd argue. far better than the new supra. no base low-cylinder engine model, you can buy a twin-turbo v6 manual sports car and look better than the new supra driving it. as a car design enthusiast, this design is absolutely incredible to see. so many subtle details and clever design solutions, and ultimately I think we've got a modern icon or a modern classic on our hands. amazing car, can't wait to see what the R36 looks like in about 90 years.
I see for this video, Doug decided to be dramatic with the audio for his carsandbids plug
T H I S ! ! !
.          I'll bet that this Z is still running when 2023 BMWs, Audi & Mercedes are dead.
The base looks so much better
I regret selling my 280ZX back in the 80’s, I’ve owned much more expensive cars but that was truly a dream car for me. A large picture of me standing in front of it in my garage reminds me everyday.
Cool car, exhaust sounds horrible though. Maybe drop a small block in it
The biggest con of the new Z is the price difference between the sport and performance level wish they could make a trim where you'd only get the wheels brakes and LSD for like 5k more
geezus christ, I can't watch this guy; way, way too much of a spaz
20 % speedy  Calm the fuck down
I never get tired of.... THISSSSSSSSSSSSSSS IS!!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😔
don´t know why, but i would consider rebranding that name.  Just saying...
great review tho... & damn nice remakes nissan 💯
The back seats were basically useless anyway.
Doug needs to learn the difference between vertical and horizontal.  Lol.
Nissan nailed this car. I hope they eventually offer a trim level above Performance that offers a HUD, ventilated seats, and lumbar support. If it had those, I’d consider it for a daily.
no comparison between this and the Supra. The Supra is literally an expensive, slow, BMW-- Toyota put NO effort into reviving the Supra name. Nissan made a brand new car from the ground up, with minimal shared parts. Plus it's cheaper, faster, better looking, and NISSAN IS THE ONE WHO ACTUALLY MAKES THE DAMN THING
I own a twin turbo Z32 and it makes me so happy to see this review and the throwback montage with the design inspirations. On the topic of parts carried over from the older platform, people shouldn't feel too ripped off because its actually been this way for a long time. Things in the Z32 like the door handle and mirror switch, to name a few, actually come off a bunch of other Nissan's such as the S13 - it's definitely done to save costs but as a whole it really doesn't take away from this car.
Fugly
Others have reported the automatic has a better exhaust. Did you experience both?
Wow, the interior looks really cheap and dated. I'd still take the Supra, it's a way nicer (and faster) car.
Vertical ovals?
I wish I we could buy one before everyone gets it and marks it up 30k
This is the true definition of a hot hatch. Excellent video.
If I can afford this car, I WILL buy it. FINALLY a car manufacturer that understands i don't care about navigation and fancy tech, i just want a good, new sports car 😅
The Fairlady Z got another 7pdate and there's still no GTA6
Horizontal
"Flat vertical peice" lol k
Oh my God the echo when he was next to the supra was off the charts.
is it just me or there is a problem with vertical vs horizontal in the taillights description? #concernedcitizen :)
let's see how long will be till someone do a Devil Z with this new car
*horizontal
Why is that Car and Bids plug in space?
With what's currently happening in Eastern Europe now is a very bad time to come out with a car that's called the "Z"
honestly the new supra design has really grown on me.
LaFerrari Aperta
the front looks horrible
18:00 who the heck cares about the Nissan UI? How well does it work with Android Auto and Apple Car Play? That’s the only thing any potential buyer will use on a $50k car
Anyone else spot the new manual supra in the Cars and Bids ad? 😉
I really can't wait to see one of these at the dealership where I work at. A really great looking car
Would be cool if the side Z badge on the B-pillar was the fuel door.
thats an ugly ass car wtf
Still looks "fat " and bulky to me.I wish they'd go back to the sleek look of the old Datsun 240z.
This is literally a 370Z. He didn't mention the transmission but judging by what he said about the shifter and clutch, pretty sure it's the same. It's the same brakes, probably the same suspension all around. The traction control button he got so hyped about is in the exact same spot. Glad they added a second cup holder, that always made longer trips with a passenger a bit of a hassle for the drinks situation "yeah you'll have to hold yours, mine gets to be in there because I'm driving". The trunk is the same, the back up camera is the same. The seats and controls are the same, they only changed the seat design slightly. I get the whole financial viability thing from Nissan, but this isn't a new car. It's a 370z with a better engine, different panels, and nicer interior. I just sold mine at a large profit because covid made everything more expensive for some reason, wasn't gonna pass on that, maybe one day I'll buy a Z again, I doubt it'll be this one.
Get it on the road and z how it drives? 26:57
COOL
Horizontal
Cannot wait to put mazda's future straight 6 engine into this!
The designers did a great job of evoking earlier Z generations without it looking retro-cheesy
The new Z is a much better design than the Supra.
hmmm, this car has a slower 0-60 than the new golf r but has a considerably better acceleration score 🤔
Drinking game: Take a shot every time he says "z" or "see"
This model has been a hideous looking monstrosity since they changed the classic mid 2000's design.
Seeing how this turned out it gives high hopes for the new gtr
Do we know the size of the center infotainment screen??
Interestingly the v6 supra is real world faster than the Z. Doug felt the opposite. Watch Throttle House and you can see the difference.
no spoiler/ one color... ooof!!!!
12:15 it's weird the cross bar goes seemingly between the body, and not the tower struts.. So it might be just be cosmetic..? Also, they could have put the trunk button in the top half of the badge, and the camera in the lower half, recessed. That would have looked cool n clean, or have the badge pop open like VW do..
Stop it Doug....400hp isnt special. You say it feels quick....you must drive slow cars often. I guess your audience isn't very car intelligent (at least) from a performance point of view. 400hp is like a car for driving miss daisy....I bet you drive a slow car yourself....(LOL)
LOVING those taillights!!!
Hey @doug Demuro vertical  is up and down , horizontal is side to side
Doug the typa guy to say a line turns into two lines.
I still prefer my 370z Nismo
doug the type of rapscallion to say "vertical" when he means "horizontal"
I love how at 17:56 Doug talks about it not having a home screen, and there's a button on screen that literally says, 'Customize home menu', and when he hits the button, you kinda see it!
Why do you keep saying vertical when talking about the horizontal tail lights?
Mmmmm manual 🤤🤤
Honestly who cares about driver aids I rather they spend the money on the driving experience
Are Doug and Quinten Tarantino related?
Yeah, no way this is starting at $35k
My 1992 300zx still looks better imo.
A return of a legend!
When Doug was bemoaning the back up camera and the other missing "creature comforts" like drive modes that are mostly standard nowadays, I thought that it sounded like another heritage cue.  The original Z's were essentially a steering wheel and a engine.  I'm not sure any Z was ever filled with goodies, my 370 wasn't.  These cars have always been strictly a sports car and I'd like to thank Nissan for not pandering to those who don't appreciate what this car is only designed to be...a sports car.  They aren't meant to be daily drivers, or road trippers. They are meant to go rip around for a few hours, make you smile a lot and help you forget how much the world around you sucks.
I love how he says that the lines in the taillights are vertical, not horizontal. And he also repeats it over and over.😂😂 Doug... You're the best
Hey Doug? are you part chicken?
doug, there is a homescreen and its called menu. it literally has a house on top of it
Mercedes Benz CLK GTR? No? Ok...
Propaganda braindead russians will love this car
Everything that new Z needs is watanabe wheels, another 2 hundreds of horsepower, and blue color.
With markups this car will easily be $85K or above. Just wait for it.
Still better than the 992 back camera.
Imagine Doug describing a girl to his male friends he went on a date with. Her eyes looked like a classic Guage cluster, the design of her lips has a draw back,  their to square in the corners. Her mood change to sports mode when I turn the heater on. When she burb it sounded like a classic Flowmaster muffler
i had 350z for 7years, i WAS fan of it - new Z is not much different than old models - quite dissapointment :(
The *Z* is back baby!!!
Zed
Every bit of th exterior is beautiful, all but that front end grill area. I absolutely HATE IT!
The sound is like rusty  sewing machine.
The most important question of the new Z for anyone that has owned a 370Z; is there a telescoping wheel?
13:47 Whooooa what's going on with that stitching???
Prefer the base model looks overall without wing and the 18"" wheels
Thank god Nissan! No one wants drivers aids or moving steering wheels when we go over a line… in a sports car
I have way more features in my mk2 Juke!
Doug's the kind of guy who thinks vertical is a synonym for horizontal
This guy talks so funny lol. Good stuff Doug! Just relax a little and be yourself :)
FINALLY
Idk about this one. Styling is subjective of course but if the clutch and shifter feel like the old 370z that’s really disappointing. Also the sound. I feel like everything is fast these days but the fun to drive factor is totally lost. If only Honda would give us a new s2000
Slap a tomei on that car’s exhaust and she’s good 😂👌🏼haha when they make one.
This car is going to have SUCH tuning potential.
i love the new style and i dont know why
Reminds me of the lc 430!!
This one looks exponentially better than the previous generation with those hideous tail lights.
This is the Z that we should have received back in the early 2000's.
I already like this car more than the Supra. I hope it'll stay in the market for a long time.  Also maybe Nissan will offer some performance upgraded models down the road? (:
Am I the only one who finds this car unbelievably ugly?
God, I want one so badly. Not gonna happen though, just bought a miata. I'd be lying if I said I haven't been playing the lottery in hopes of being able to buy one of these, though. Seems like the perfect car to me. Although, I do agree, it needs an exhaust badly. It sounds like you're revving out a family hauling crossover. But I would easily look past that for the performance, style, and the fact that it's a modern Z car, much more akin to the 240z than to the more recent ones in terms of looks.
The silver oval front grill accent definitely helped the look a lot.
Horizontal. Not vertical.
Cars and Bids with reverb. Fantastic. 😄
still an ugly dated car lmao, like why even release this shit.
10:12 sounds just like a porsche 911 lol.
Been waiting for Doug’s Review on this for the longest 💯
Pretty cool. Kind of a pitty the only way to get an LSD it to get the performance model tho. Which also comes with other features people may not need, or even want
Doug, where did you get your money from?
I hope this is the first real sign that ol' Carlos didn't ruin Nissan forever.
I’d take this over the new Supra any day
Love the design, especially the rear fascia and taillights. I want this.
I actually like the sound of the new Z. Older models sounded like a trompet.
So far i think the reason they just named it “z” now is because 400 wouldn’t correspond with the engine size and chassis. Z31 has a 3.0 “300” z32 new chassis 3.0 “300” and z33 3.5 “350” and so on. So in theory this would be another “300” since its got a 3.0 haha
Vertical taillights?  Horizontal….like the horizon bubba
Exterior looks like a yaris lmao
Doug when talking about the tail lights: “Vertical ovals”
That manual parking brake will come in handy when it's drift time...in about 4 years for us and right now for pros to swap out 😆🙈
Doug. There is literally a picture of a house on the menu touch button... that is the home screen. Lol
This has become my dream car, I knew I wanted one when I first saw pictures of it, hopefully I'll be able to afford one some day
Day 40 of asking Doug to review a Subaru Legacy Spec B
Can someone tell me why they didn't call it 400Z? I'd love to get one but every car is overpriced now. Maybe in 10-20 years 😭
I don't like springing clutch either .
I don’t think you got the essence of the car it was just another review.
Love this i habe two fairladyz 300ZX TWIN TURBO 89 AND 91 FOUR SEATETER TURBO
american car companies (ford, gm, stallantis) can NOT build reliable quality gas cars. why would you hope it will change with EVS ? they will have less components but the few items the cars does have will be VERY expensive and hard to work on in addition to many screens/computers. THE HUMMER AND FORD ARE ALREADY BEING RECALLED wait for Cadillac GM  to join the THREE STOOGES OF AMERICAN POOR QUALITY AND RELIABILITY
This is the car the 86/BRZ should be.
Horizontal lights....
A perfect base for modifications
In the mind of Nissan, regarding this “new” Z is. Sharing is caring.
Sounds like a hair dryer
*Gosh I love it!! Has that cyberpunk kinda style, old and new, wow!!! CONGRATS NISSAN*
Ton of old stuffs barrows from old z, make this z as old as  fuk, and price is expensive. Not worth it for the money. Save some more and get the c8 base still way better than this
Those are horizontal tail light ovals Doug.
I didn't really care about this car all that much, but I like what I see so far. Also huge thumbs up for carry over switch gear, if it worked fine for the last 10 years no need to change it. More mfgs should look into this
I hould like to see a review of the original 240Z.
I hate it
Imagine not putting heated seats as standard in a 40k car
Water temp is 206? That seems a little warm.  Was the car left idling without the ac on?
You do this but not a Z32? Smh
I think Horizontal is the word you're looking for.
For the clutch spring a popular mod on the 370z was to go buy a softer spring from the hardware store and swap it out. Made a small noticeable difference.
Its built cheap sound not good and it looks slow
29:30 "it feels small, it feels tight and it feels very tossable" - Doug 2022
Love it. Wish you would do a review of the automatic though!  On a side note, i see you gave the C8 a 6 in styling!! 😳🤣🙄
Long as it keeps the French parts to a minimum, it should do well
I'm sure you have found comments that Nissan didn't have go to other companies (BMW), to make this car, hence some of the compromise. Since you don't have to deal BMW repair costs with its electronic gremlins, reliability and complexity, and since Ghosn is no longer in charge, maybe Nissan might actually make a comeback. This actually reminds me of the Lotus Evora, part parts bin, part innovation for less money.
I really dislike the shape of the door handle, and the chrome piece on the roof.
I care about battery voltage!
I don't like the side profile but other than that it looks pretty sweet
I saw the Z at the NYC Auto Show. It had the wild blue interior. I was impressed with the styling. Thought it looked better in person than in the lead up pictures. One thing I think would be cools is if they made a heritage model with the Paul Newman Racing livery like he had on his 300 ZX race car. Should be interesting to see how it sells.
The ultimate tuner car?? Think, that's a 370z... but evolved. Wow, good job 👏
Automatics beat manuals other than their use as an anti-theft device. Manual must die.
10k extra for the performance 🤡 🤣
That blue interior is bad ass
First claaaass up in the sky.
It was cool until I saw the price. I'll just buy a Mustang GT for that price: it's faster, it's better-handling, and it's going to have vastly superior aftermarket support.
I prefer it without the wing
When Nissan will be making an electric version of the new z they must call it Nissan Zee, right?
👎🏼
the scrEEEn could definitely be better
He keeps saying there is no home screen on Nissan infotainment, but there is. It literally has a picture of a 🏠 on the "Menu" button and he even pressed it which showed all the things a home screen should have: audio channel, weather, phone app, etc. It is configurable.
Acting, Doug?  It ain't no return.   Well,  except the basic styling.   Get innovative  Nissan!
This looks like a remake of 300zx actually
As someone in the market for a new car - is this worth the price gouging at the dealership though?   I love this car but given the price I was considering a used Lexus IS300, a Boxster, or an Audi S5
I was very very close to pulling the trigger on a pre-order, but the dealership wanted 1k down and couldnt tell me final MSRP LOLOL DF!??!
Those are horizontal ovals at 8:07, not vertical
also parts of the old gt86
I don't like the gauge HUD it looks like something came from 2012 they should make it simple or a customizable
400z and Manual Supra are gonna be neck to neck
Well done!!
Are those taillights vertical or are they horizontal?
Perfect timing for the name
So that’s why the Russians are putting Z on their tanks!
Does the z actually have more hp? That b58 is underrated.
the one without a spoiler looks really good as well
Z is the worst branding considering Ukraine invasion
I wonder if the new Zs dash is swappable with the 370z. I'd love to swap it if I could
Good review as usually 👍 but I still would prefer Supra with inline 6 and manual gearbox with better quality. Nissan Z looks good not perfect. Stylistically Nissan z is missing something. Not good enough
I *cannot* wait for a Wangan Midnight Devil Z themed build at SEMA 😍😍😍
Z is popular now 👍🇷🇸
I like the looks of the car, but I don't love it. The Z looks blocky to me. I do prefer the blue interior over the black. The Proto version looks awesome. But alas...
Between the Z, Pathfinder, and new Frontier, Nissan has been killing it.  Let's hope it continues and they correct the error of their ways (mainly the CVT).
8:07 that is horizontal my man, not vertical
I’d love to see you review the 300ZX
full color looks way better than the black top
What do you mean those stocks and door panels are from the old Z, they are from my 2012 Altima.
I like the wheels on the Sport model. Beautiful Z. Definitely not your daddy's Datsun
The tail/brake lights are horizontal, not vertical.
Man, Alfa did one thing right and that's spoil me for power. 400HP from a TT V6 just doesn't sound competitive compared to the competition.
The automatic is a second faster why would anyone get the manual slower and worse gas milage
Prefer the detailed explanation of the Doug score ..😑
This video really had me questioning whether I'm the idiot who doesn't know the difference between HORIZONTAL and VERTICAL.
0:00 zzz-ZZzzZzzThisssssszss
Horizontal*
That wheel fitment could use some help.
We'll get another Z in 20 years time
Torn between this or the Corolla GR!
I like how the interior trunk release button has been the exact same little switch in Nissan cars for decades and it’s hilarious.
Why would you want an automatic steering, or any kind of aid at all (apart from ABS and TC)? A car is supposed to be for the driver. Not for the computer. A "sport's car" with automatic systems? You gotta be a lunatic.
Trunk popper is where all the spiders will hide!
“I can tell you it feels faster than the Supra.”it’s not. Jason Camissa ran this vs a Supra and a Mustang. It lost to both. However, who’s really going hammer the snot out of their Z just to appease you tube?
Kinda crazy how these manufacturers refuse to come out with a RWD, manaul, inline 4, 3,000ish lbs, for sub $40k. Even though there's an overwhelming demand and out cry.  The only reason all my 25 year old jdm shit boxes are worth 5x what they should be. 😆
i actually really like that interior. it's like an updated old school style, just like the rest of the car.
Garbage. Feels like an old car.
Z........nice* heavy breathing in russian*
I’m curious if they’re going to make a nismo version down the road on top of the proto version already being a thing.
So in today's day, the only thing I can see stopping people from picking a Q60 red sport over this is the fact that this gets a manual. Personally I'd much rather have a Q60 red sport.
He sure does love throwing that finger around ☝🏼☝🏼☝🏼
As a Z boy myself, I can absolutely say that this car is perfect in every way and I want one.
I wonder if it’s just as bad as the previous Z cars. Super heavy gear box, overly tight suspension. I hope not.
They wanted the metal strip to look like a katana, which, if you know what they were going for, it does. I think this is lost on consumers who don’t realize this—like Doug.
I'm so glad they ended up with a different design for the front grill
Can't wait for a Nismo version of the new Z!
Doug holds the patent on "Butt Dyno"
It looks like a new brz
I really dig this car.  First thing that popped out at me right away was the old Z logos on the sides.  They look great.
Not bad for an ancient chassis.
Didn't finish this....just not hearing anything really distinct about this..... naturally aspirated will always be better to me. This car doesn't look that appealing. Thank you for the video any Doug
Dude really said the signature katana silver trim was weird.
Jesus is coming back. Are you ready??? Have you passed life’s one and most important test of accepting Christ as your Lord and Savior?? The bible says not everyone who gets to Heaven and knocks will be able to get into Heaven. But it is he that does the will of God. Tomorrow is not guaranteed. Once we get into eternity there is no turning back. We are going to be in the paradise of God, eternal bliss, or eternal condemnation for trillions and trillions of years to come. Jesus said of my Kingdom there shall be no end. This life is just the beginning we are going to spend forever somewhere. The bible says this life is nothing more than a vapor that appears for a little time then vanishes away it is just a blimb in comparison with eternity. This is simply decision time. The bible says no man that warreth entangles himself in the affairs of this life. Jesus has very stringent requirements which must be sought out in the bible. When talking to someone who rose very high in Jewish religion Jesus told Nicodemus you must be born again or you will not come to Heaven. John 3:8 The bible says the wind blows where it wishes and you hear the sound of it but you do not know where it comes from or where it is going so is everyone born of the spirit. This is basically showing where God choses us we don't chose God we have to meet his conditions for salvation. The bible says even the devils believe and tremble. This shows where easy believism is not enough. The bible is a message of reconciliation. Which is why Paul called for people to examine themselves to be sure they are really in the faith. Our relationship with Jesus or lack of relationship will be the only thing in our life that has eternal consequences. Life is a race the bible says. It is nothing more than a time to snatch souls from the fire and worship God. Jesus said deny yourself, pick up your cross and follow me. It is about repentance self denial and faith in God. We must come all the way to Christ or we will not go to Heaven it is an extremely serious matter. The bible says in hell the fire will never be quenched and the worm dieth not. Jesus said who I love I rebuke and chasten and I scourge every son I receive. Have your been scourged by the creator of the universe? Have you been rebuked and chastened by God? These are all evidences of a relationship with God. The  bible says if you are not chastened and rebuked you are a bastard child. If you have not experienced these things there is likely need for self examination. God saves people and teaches them, So they could go warn and save whoever would believe this message. The bible says by wisdom the world knew not God so it pleased him by the foolishness of preaching to save those who believe..
its sad that this car won't come to europe
yup that is one massive fuel door. almost like if you opened it you'd expect to find some little bird cafe inside with birds just hanging out or nesting
20 more HP compared to Supra but still got gapped.
a little disappointed they didn't really stay in the "around 35k for the base model" ball park. 40k for the base model, is still probably worth it. but to me it just means that a nismo version is gonna be around 55-60k or more since the base model starts at 40k.
Mmm this car sounded good when they said mid 30s and low 40s but for 50k I’ll take a m2 or even a Supra now that they are coming out in a manual transmission or adding a turbo to the new gr86 will be more fun then all three of those cars🧐
This has been the 1st car in many years I'm excited to see, the last 2 we're the Chrysler crossfire and Cadillac XLR.  I've got both of those and have a place to give a Z a good home next to them in the garage.  Shit I haven't had a new car sense I got my XLR V in 2007.
I like the looks a lot better than the super for sure. As far as the tech goes it’s not that important to me but I guess it’s too bad they didn’t offer an option to upgrade.
This guy throwing out words like "retro" for something in 2003 ugh Classic cars are now 90s cars too
Putin liked it’s name
Doug I love your vids, just wondering when you will review the 2023 Toyota Sequoia. It’s a really hot car right now. But don’t review it yet we might email you to review it when it comes and it drivable because we pre ordered it and it might come in May or June.
good thing it still has all the buttons instead of a touchscreen
MANUAL E BRAKE for me that alone makes me want it more than the supra also its not a German car
I think you said ZEE about 80 times in your story....YECCCHHHHHHHHHHH.....
hmm idk bout this one. I like the tech and the rear but that's pretty much it. rather get something like the toyota 86 or summ
In a world of $100K window stickers being commonplace, I’ll take a few carryover items and engineering for a $40K-$50K performance car price point.
I WISH you Americans didn't overstate the ZEE, ZEE, ZEE, ZEE....................sounds childlike
No Nissan enthusiast has money for the new Z. Datsun fans are a different conversation
Doug just slapped Toyota supra across the face with the butt dial.....feels faster then the supra.  the z is a legit Japanese legend.  the supra is a child delivered through a surrogate mother.  That's why I would never buy the current supra, even though the mk4 was my dream car.  Emerald green.
I'm confused as to why Nissan never developed a oil pressure gauge in that stack that would have made far more sense in a turbocharged car
Q60>New Z
The video quality has gone insanly amazing since the last time i was here
Not to be confused with a Russian sympathizer ;-)
That car's name is really unfortunate.
A chrome strip in the lower front grill would add to the 240z nostalgia.
This is the last Z
I'd go blue on blue
Hmmmm. The Z Proto is limited to 240 units? I wonder how they arrived at that number? It sure sounds familiar for some reason. ;)
When you bring a classic and modernise it, that is a brand that appreciates their past as much as we do
Muffler Delete the second I get this car.
Actually there are a lot of us who do not want driver aids at all. Let us drive the car. Turn that nonsense off.
CAAAHAAARL and bids
BMW made Supra is not a Supra but it is money pit to be. Go with Nissan
Teh right question isn't whether it's faster than a supra, it's how does it handle compared to the supra
looks cheap
Oh man oh man oh man!
The large fuel door looks big enought for an electric charge port.
Gorgeous car.  The interior has to be ripped out.
Nissan coming out in full support of the Russian invasion
That bright blue interior kind of makes it look like a Bugatti Chiron
When did it go away?it's just the newest one.it's a drivers car it doesn't need driver aides.
Ngl, this car's interior is so bad! It looks like it came from 2014. Gross
That things sick. I would buy one if I had an extra 40-50k laying around.
21:42 they could have done oil pressure and engine temp?
I wish we could just add lsd as a separate option. I really like the clean look without rear spoiler. Kinda have a Ftype look to it.
Looks so cool...... Too bad it took so long to come out I'm not in the market for it anymore. Except that fuel filler door...... That looks bad. Wow, my mom's $18k toyota suv has a better backup cam. You would think that in a car notorious for its terrible rear visibility they would put more than $5 into the backup cam.
Yikes, I wouldn't like to have a 4 banger supra on order right now.
Who the fuck honestly cares about backup camera resolutions? Like as long as you can see where you're parking and that you're not gonna hit anything that's good enough right?
This is awesome !!
I am confused… the stop lights are horizontal not vertical Doug. Nice video as always. 😁
Doug you're very weird with your scoring.
7:30 - I wonder if the fuel door is large to allow for an electric version later to fit its charge port there?  (I hope they call it the "Nissan eZ" :-D)
Nice review! Growing up in the 90s, my neighbor had a grey 300zx and it was my dream car as a kid. I thought it looked like a space ship. Now that I am in my 30s and can afford one.... I have kids.... Soo more in the market of the pathfinder then the z haha
Such an upgrade to the trash 350/370’s
Probably won’t sell so well in Ukraine, but likely to be a hot seller in the Russian Federation - Z 😉
vertical = up and down, horizontal = left and right... come on dougy boi
That fuel cap is hilarious. Supra is not a Supra but a rebadged BMW with an awful bodykit. Nissan all day long over that atrocity
You have it set for Z but it suppose to be ...
Not feeling the look of this version
The only thing I’m disappointed with is the fact they carried over the door cards. I have always thought they were plain looking.
Yawn. 50k+ for essentially the same car with nostalgic pieces. If it didn't sell well before it most likely will not sell well again especially with the price increase.
Funny thing is the performance package adds mostly non-performance oriented options that actually add weight and reduce performance.  Seems like the base model is the deal, perf is a ripoff.
Those are not vertical ovals in the tail light assembly....they are 'horizontal' ovals.
Okey, now I want one, no doubt. Hope we get them in europe...
The original 240Z had an inline 151hp straight-6 & only weighed 2300 lbs.  It was a bargain at $3600.
Knock off kia stinger
The taillights are horizontal, Doug lol
Side looks good, back looks good, but the front of it bro....
Does fab or the original z
That interior is so off-putting, the base model seats are a joke.
I wonder if they'll make a Nismo version.
Toyota, are you taking notes? Toyota shouldn't have made a BMW. Smh
Base model Supra < Nissan Z < 6-cyl Supra
OMG 🥰🥰
Nissan: We made a new Z and we have no money.  Everyone: yeah, we noticed
been waiting for this one
Nice blue, wow.
liked the old styling a lil better,
honestly i think Nissan made a beautiful front end, and the side profile looks pretty great as well. but the rear end? oh my, thats just disgusting... Nissan has such an insane potential to put a light-bar in the back, that would be so darn cool and would make this car have a "synthwave throwback"  style that would actually fit it so much better than the current ugly "300z" inspired tail lights with a stupid black plate between them, hell Nissan could've actually embedded the Nissan logo inside the light-bar with white LED illumination at night for the Nissan logo and the Z logo. the silver trip piece that they put over the windows up until the rear end, they should've slimmed it in the end and maybe push it in-between the black paint and the blue paint, because right now the black roof just looks like someone installed a black vinyl sticker on the roof...  to be honest, the outgoing 370Z looks so much better than this New Z / 390Z.  Nissan and Toyota should both learn from Mazda, in the past 7 years Mazda's car design has gotten pretty darn impressive, i would go even as far as to say that Mazda's Kodo Design language that debuted in 2015 with the Mazda 3 is so good it even competes with the germans... Nissan has been making pretty ugly luxury cars in the past 15 years (Infinity) and their own brand cars are kind of ugly as well, except for maybe the new Nissan Altima which looks pretty nice. Toyota however, have been making some of the world's ugliest cars for the past 20+ years, i have no idea who Toyota have been working with for car design in the past two decades but they seriously need to get rid of that idiot and find a reputable car designer...
Is radar detector legal?
@18:10 But isn’t that the Homescreen
The 370z also had a less than stellar feeling cutch, but you could replace the clutch helper spring for the pedal with a softer version to help with feel.  I'll be interested to see if it sounds better with upgraded exhaust.  Louder does not necessarily mean better, so I'll have to see some comparisons.  I'm excited to see what the tuning world can do with this.  My biggest complaint on my 370z was its weight.  For a two seater I think its a bit of a fatty.  I'd rather have a lighter car, but the added power on the new Z is a welcome improvement in power to weight.
Vertical vs Horizontal. Doug knows not the difference.. 😅
The rear end is so god damn good looking. Love the simplicity of the design.
The 718 GT4 doesn’t have drive modes as well
Looks good but also does look like the character from "my voice is higher than your voice"
8:13 Dougs having a hard time identifying the difference between large horizontal ovals and vertical ovals...
I’m not a big fan of Nissan, let alone compared to Toyota and BMW. The Z however gives a little bit of hope for the company and my opinion on it 🙃
I can’t wait for the year 2045, listening to a 2024 Nissan Z trumpet down the street with a “street tune” and straight pipes riding on BC coil overs
I absolutely love it Nissan killed it.
Is it only me or does this car really resemble Cruz Ramirez from Cars 3 a little bit?
New Z> new Supra  change my mind
Nissan is the best at two toned roofs
The only Z that people will welcome with open arms in 2022 and going forwards.
Can't wait for someone to to an AWD conversion to this since it shares configurations with infiniti. Reminds me of Forza motorsports and drivetrain conversions on some strange cars.
I love the car but I won’t be able to afford it when dealerships mark it up😔
This is something I've  been waiting for Doug. I think this car is nice. Tuner ready. First year models are  usually a little rough. Let's wait and see.❤❤😎👍🤑🤑😎😎
I almost prefer the look without the spoiler. Gives it kind of an Audi look
Doug, I have a request.  Can you go through the Doug Score categories like you used to?  I really miss that.  It was helpful to get a more in-depth understanding of the score.
From the side it look near identical to the 370
Awwww it looks like the 240z
I wish they did a 2+2 model.  Or even a jdm panaamera  with rear doors.
But unfortunate now Russia has a weird z signia for the Ukraine war
Horisontal
Actually I don't really like the supra design, but for me I need to choose between BMW z4 and this
the back of the car is mustang shaped with dodge viper's tail light
Heartbreaking that this won’t be offered in the UK
base z seems like a steal especially against the supra
8:17 What, is USA finally getting orange blinkers like the rest of the world? 👍
just here for the doug score
Was waiting for the new 3/4 series grill with monkey sounds at 4:28
With the lack of the number, I think it's safe to say people will be calling it the "heritage Z".
I love this. Just a simple sports car. No 1000 different modes for engine and gearbox. No touchscreens everywhere. Just a gearstick, RWD and manual great
Oh no, no rev matching? Now the shit manual drivers will have to lock their wheels into a tree trying to execute a simple heel-toe downshift.
Doug, may I buy you sun glasses?
Please stop recording in that echo chamber!
Important to note that the MT car has a more neutered exhaust system
For 40k get a Camaro 1SS manual, more power stock. Add a supercharger for < 10k and you have 600hp for under 50k. Also that V6 gets the same MPG on premium fuel as the Camaro 6.2L V8.
the back of it look sick af but its an old school chassis and engine. Kinda like that girl you know that hot but has Aids so you hit it anyway.
Cool, I’ll probably afford it in 2033
Sounds like a vacuum cleaner
Im curious how tf do u find these nice quiet locations to review cars?  How many secrets spots do u have over there 😄
Oof had me sold all the way up till the comment on the clutch action. That was the dealbreaker for me on the 370z.
Do you not know vertical from horizontal? 😂
Your butt dyno is wrong. Jason Camissa raced an auto Z, against a Supra, and a Mach 1 auto. The auto Z was the slowest of the 3, the Mustang and Supra ran similar times with the Mustang trapping 3 mph more. The auto Z was 4 tenths quicker than the manual.
Can't wait until these hit the streets!
That interior for some reason looks extremely cheap; awful...
If I had money to buy new sports car I would buy this or supra. Such cool cars.
IMO the blue interior looks pretty cool.
I mean at that price point, might as wel get a corvette
“Faster than the Supra” not even surprised
Zed sound better than zee
Horizontal
I’ll definitely be in the market when dealers don’t have such a crazy mark up
unfortunate timing to release a car named... Z.... :/
I think they should’ve left the grill solid black… the silver rectangles just look stupid imo
Ever since this car was revealed, I couldn’t believe how good it looked. The only thing that I don’t like is the headlights. Something about them doesn’t flow with the car looking at it from the front, but I understand why they did it. Another weird choice was putting a voltmeter on the dash instead of an oil pressure gauge, big mistake. Either way, I love this car, Nissan killed it.
I like the style of the Mk5 supra better, but this sounds and drives better i assume?!
You did good , Nissan , you’ve done good.
A turbo speed gauge? Why not oil temp
While discussing the brake lights at 8:20 you said vertical instead of horizontal lights
I want a fun sports car with a manual transmission for fun and control of the car. Wait, what? No driver aides? Forget about it... I want a sports car that drives for me.... Said no one ever!
I bet the fuel door was that large for easier birth giving process for the next gen z in the future
This car is such a disappointment. Starts at 41k which is nice, but you get no LSD. Then it's the same chassis/platform as a 14 year old car! And the engine is from a previous Infiniti model. So like... why does it cost so much for basically an older car?
Just wondering when someone starts cancelling Nissan due to the ”Z” model name :D
Everytime they bring a car back I feel the older ones are worth more value now lol basically they ruin them......not this car!
I was kind of excited to see this, until you mentioned the price. For $50k you can get a really nice Camaro SS with better performance, hell even a Rustang. Priced way too high imo. Especially with the paint looking that bad. So many ripples and orange peel.
Wow,  what a timing for a car named "Z" Is it even legal to drive around with a Z on your car?
This lowkey hype but I haven’t watched the video yet
what an ugly undefined car.
Like the new look.  Old ones had looked the same for like 20 years.
The video I’ve been waiting for for a year now
Glad that Nissan does not ban "Z" symbol❤️
the sport looked better with better looking wheels even though they are smaller. get a sport at 40k, get an exhaust, upgrade the sound system, grab an aftermarket spolier and be out the door at 45k
Kudos to Nissan for making this car!
Love the back, but don't care for the Bangle Z4 front lights
"Doug's butt dyno"! @28:58
Vertical? You sure about that?
IMO They killed it with the base model, they overpriced the performance! Hope you can get the base with the Limited slip as an option, per Cammisa we know V6 Supra is quicker and nicer inside. They should have priced the performance around $47K to really kill both Supras.
Zed
*Horizontal ovals 8:11
40-50k starting?! With dealer mark-ups and other fees, this will be an $80,000 before taxes.
Since 1969 - NICEEEE
13:03. Is that button to the right sitting crooked?
If you cant drive a stick shift.....at all....., you can't drive. Doesnt mean you can't go around corners at the apex and exit fast, but to say you can "drive" you MUST be able to drive a stick.
Get your Z now for only 5 million dollars at your local Nissan dealership
Gorgeous
Can't wait to see these at every car meet in 15 yrs
Really really bad sounding exhaust...
Unfortunately it's a Nissan!  They ruined the reputation it's now garbage.  Sad to say
Loving what the Z has done with this latest run.  With the other car causing a lot of buzz, Corolla GR, for around the same price range as the Z Sport trim which do you think is the better option?  Two very different cars fundamentally but both have a very back-to-basics approach in their own regard
This car is $15K more than it should be. Too much cheap plastic and not enough horses for the price they want.
This car looks so plain. Lord they could have made it look different from a basic mustang.
nissan dealers are gonna charge so much for a replacement rear glass because of the Since 1969 writing
I don't understand why people hate on this car, it even has more horsepower than the 2021 supra, it doesn't have fake vent's either.I had lost all hope in Nissan when the leaf was manufactured. 😃
The reason why it's steering and clutch are like that is cause they know you will be driving sideways.
nissan got the Z Performance pricing TOTALLY WRONG! They try to come close to the 6-pot Supra JUST in pricing. I think the BASE will be a better buy but still, it's a stripped to a price point model. Why DO all manufacturers overprice their TOP trim so much? And by the way, the z is slower than the Supra 6-pot.
I really like the overall look of this new Z (or, "Zed" as the Brits like to call it).
it just looks good.
The wheels doesn't seem to fit the wheel arches properly. Not a good look...
I said I'd never buy a new car as long as I live, but since they revealed this car I want it, I want it badly
dang this ain’t the savagegeese review hold up brb
I knew they would change the katanas to shitty trim pieces. 😒
Handled well, fast…,we’ll take it from here Doug.  Looks awesome.    My brother had 1972 white one and it was pretty awesome riding in when I was a kid.
What the hell is TikTok Radio
This car is very ugly
I don't mind the lack of assist, features, and cameras. If I get a car like this it's to enjoy the ride and for me to control it as I please. If I wanted to be lazy and don't feel like being the machine I would just drive my Atlas.
Honda: * crickets *
Yay! Please do the sport version doug, For comparison purposes!
It'll be cool to see Nissan finance these beauties to people who can't afford them
No one has to be forced into a automatic car Doug.  Most people prefer automatics. Why are you dishonest youtubers keep pushing the ancient manual that most people don't want.
Doug. You need to add the butt Dino perspective to your Doug score 😂
Nissan Z > BMW Supra
The only things I actively dislike are the fuel door and the front grille. The headlights are borderline, but I could live with them. Also, props to Nissan for giving us C O L O R S. I'd absolutely buy one with a blue interior, because I'm sick and tired of grey/black everywhere.
For this price point you can't beat this baby..spend a grand for an exhaust and maybe an extra 20hp and what else do you need...reasonably of course.
I know the Z is a legendary car, and this one will certainly have its fans, but I just can’t get excited about it. The retro touches are mostly nice, but the overall is result is “meh” for me. This interior is so underwhelming and looks aged, despite its better bang for the buck. I’m just not moved by it.
Horizontal Ovals on the tail lights, Doug, not Vertical.
Who uses an in car navigation? Seriously? Most of them are garbage.
I nearly turned off the video when you said about Toyota going with bmw for the supra thinking you were going to say Nissan did the same. Thankfully Nissan didn't do something like that, what a sell out by Toyota. Nissan staying true👍
Is it just me or does the sport model look way better than the performance model?
The chrome part has to go
well...since "Z" has become a new swastika and a symbol of mass murder etc than I'm wondering how Nissan will menage it 🤣
The rear kind of looks like an old 240sx.
I loved my 370 but it was outdated to be sure and Nissan didn't have to reuse 50% of the old car. Considering Mercedes offered to go halfway in on a brand new car I'll always be left wondering.
B ç i k6.  Jzń
fantastic review as always, and i am now really wanting one from this!
I dunno, Doug.  It sounded pretty good to me when you floored it.
Yay, amber turn signals! Hopefully they won’t ruin it by making an awkward 2+2 version.
when doug doesnt know what horizontal is 8:20
Now that Z looks cool. But the price? Oh lord...
Only downside to a Z, dealing with Nissan.
Props to Nissan for going with actual parking brake and not push button
Have to disagree with you about this not sounding as good as the 370Z, Doug. To me, this is the best-sounding VQ/VR derivative, GT-R included. It's smooth where all the others are agricultural (especially the GT-R), but it still has character to it. The original 350Z and G35 had a cool and unique sound, but in my opinion it got old fast.
Finally something worth watching
New dream car for me, but that infotainment quality is a big drawback in a 2023 vehicle
This car gives you tech, power, and performance (maybe not as high quality) as a 60-70 thousand dollar sports car. Nissan REALLY wants to sell numbers lmao
NERDY COMMENT ALERT! @8:03 Doug struggles with the difference between Vertical and Horizontal!!
Who else uses Dougs shirts to determine what videos he shot together the same day?
Butt Dyno? lol. Feels faster than the Supra? Doug should watch the Haggerty drag race video. Supra is a lot faster. #shrug
Us Europeans will have to call it the Nissan Zed, 😂😂
I just don't like it. The only think that has any appeal is the rear but the car as a whole looks like crap. The 370Z looked so much better. Nissan's vehicles are all blah. The Maxima, Altima, etc. None of them are changing in a good way.
I fell in love with the 350z then owned a 370z.. this one reminds of the release of the first Gen 370 with the shark teeth/ fins.. it needs a front redesign
Look it's the new 2023 hybrid mustang... (the rear looks straight up like a mustang..)
The dual cupholders make this a Miata killer.  Come on, Mazda! Put some real cupholders into the MX-5.
Vertical ovals in the taillights ?
Nice comeback for Nissan after CVT crisis and dud pathfinders. I'd like to see Mitsubishi get back in the game too, 400 hp Lancer and Montero would be on my shopping list.
It's so "cool" how things are already sold out before they are even manufactured. What an age we live in. I hate it.
HORIZONTAL OVAL?
2023 Nissan Z overall design is good ... Headlights could be improved on, as they are now = not so good, IMO ... Gas flap door looks to large, awkward design relative to body side panels ... Slainte' !  Cheers !
Vertical, horizontal 😉
While there are a few neat-looking exterior attributes, I find the overall exterior appearance very boring in this blue. Interior and tech is nice, but not nice enough to make up for everything else that’s boring and borrowed. Overall, it looks good enough for it’s purpose, but I wouldn’t take a second glance. It simply lacks too many features that I’ve had for too many years. For what dealers will be asking for this car, all those features should be present.
Please stop coming across as a phoney!! It is very unbecoming!
Russia  Z  car ???
The sport version looks a lot better!!! Might be the color or the no spoiler
Dinner time viewing sorted lol as a former HR owner it annoys me to no end that europe aint gettin this! People and there stupid suv craze....
And just like the existing Zs, every single one of these will soon be lowered, have an idiotic fart can, and be driven by a douchebro.
30 k the most i would pay for it  not a penny over
God forbid Doug ever breaks his arm(s)….he’ll be rendered incommunicado
The volt meter will be very handy for radio hams and audio guys!
gotta trust that butt dyno, great video!!
Can we all agree that if we see anyone with an automatic version of this car, we will mock and belittle them until they do not want to drive it anymore?
Commenting this only 2 minutes in: when you say the 400z shares the same platform with the 370z what exactly are they sharing?
Doug kept calling the taillights vertical but they are clearly horizontal 😂
So awesome!! Stick shift, manual e brake, value, impressive
Shame we in the UK can no longer buy this car due to emission targets by the stupid EU even though the UK voted to leave in 2016.
this looks siiick. love it
Horizontal
I love this car do they go out the door for under 50k?
RWD 400hp V6 Turbocharged but it sounds like the average sedan?? What!!
I think Nissan will have a pretty good seller on their hands if they can keep it under $50k. At that price its competing with a supra, mustang, camaro, and probably M2? I'm glad to see Nissan kept a manual, added power, and made a car for their likely customers instead of a stupid focus group and spec sheet.
Not a great time to have a car full of Z badges
My BMW had a spare 12V socket in the footwell but I didn't realise until after I wrote it off so for 4 and a half years I had dashcam cables coming out of the centre console :/
beaut 🤩
"I'm gona find out how great it really is" - biased much?
Loved the reverb on the intro Doug. Sounded like you were standing in a giant cathedral. Scared me at first to be honest.
Tragic interior. Looks like it came straight from 90s.
Yes I've been waiting for this!
If they can supply enough of these to where I can custom order one at sticker I will buy this car when my lease is up next year. If I have to pay over sticker I am buying out my Abarth lease and keeping it, I've had it for 3 years and it is a great car that excites me every time I get in it. I love turbos and it is a big selling point for me since I modify all my cars. A Z with a tune, coilovers and a muf should be a good daily driver and weekend track car. Please Nissan, make enough of these to give them to the masses or it doesn't count.
Hell yeah
The “vertical” lights
the ECHO OMG
I had a 84 300zx it was a great car and the only thing I disliked about it was it sounded like a blender very much like the new one
Deng did you hear the shade Doug was giving Camry owners?... Like the guy flooring it in a v6 Camry
It's not worth it with the S650 Mustang right around the corner that's gonna leave this car in the rearview mirror all the time for around or even less than the worth of the Z performance version for a GT.
When you were talking about the taillights, I think you meant “horizontal” not “vertical”
I WANT IT!!!!
I've never liked the Z since they went wider, it has always looked out of proportion to me.
Does numberplate says "dildo"?
Ive always wanted a turbo speed gauge. thought it would be really cool. too bad its probably just a calculated value.
Please tell me that wheel gap is just for transport/ pre-delivery…… yikes.
I want to see a handling performance review between the new and the outgoing.
It's scary how the original Nissan leaf has the same heated seats switch and indicator stalks etc.... I mean come on guys it's been over a decade now!?! 🤣
*horizontal ovals
Wish I could afford one but I know with today's dealerships I wont be able to find one for that 40k starting. Nahh its be a 60k car with dealer markups
That's a sweet looking car. Simple and refined..
No one has been able to get that style of door handle to look right. Give up.
Z4 maybe
**horizontal taillights**
370z went out of production?  Since when?  I thought it was low production.
Z
those door switches are from like every nissan lmao
"A retro throwback to the early 2000s." That makes me want to go to a beach and walk out into the sea, returning to the deep until the Surface World needs me again.
Why did doug stop doing the full dougscores? now it's only the numbers at the end :(
I like the fact that the interior is virtually identical to my 370Z Touring Sport (minus a couple modern updates, of course). This new Z really feels like a "Z guys Z car" if that makes sense. Nissan really delivered.
Not vertical ovals.
Doug the kinda guy to mix up vertical and horizontal
One more car that the dealers will mark up over $10k.
There couldn't be better timing naming your car just "Z"...!
RIP 350 Z Design
Camera: phones worth 150USD has 2 to 3 cameras... And good one's for that fact, are you telling me a car worth 51k USD couldn't afford putting in a 50$ decent 22mega pixel camera?
What about rewieving a BMW Z4 M coupe?
8:52 IMO, the base Z Sport wheels and color combo look better.
The front, ugly, the door handles, rubbish, the rear end, not bad. The gas door, size of a 12” pizza, the wheels, boring, the interior and instruments, not bad, except the piano black on the wheel is garbage. 😎
I was expecting this on tuesday?
Doug doing his cars and bids plug in the Great White Toyota Cave lair
27:58 teenager Doug in the 2000's
No driving aids... THANK GOD! If you need annoying lane departure warning or auto braking, just get the bus instead.
Wouldn’t those taillights be horizontal?
Someone show him the quirks and features of the word "Vertical" in a dictionary.
But the new Z is still Ugly as F**K.
Glad Nissan made this even if they had to cut some corners as long as they didn’t get greedy
Just curious, how did the new Z decrease in quality (6) in comparison to 370z nismo (7) ?
Wow it looks nicer than a GTR in every single way.
Nobody:  Toyota: Send in the electric stickshift AWD supra
Doug, it appears you are disappointed that the new engine doesn't sound like a broken trombone like the VQ
The volt meter is useful if you wanna install an aftermarket audio system.
Oh man, putting the 12v outlet in the passenger foot well... That's a godsend. I would've preferred putting it in the glove box with a cutout or grommet to route the wire in (maybe from the side of the dash or something), but still putting it over there is better than in the center console or center of the dash.   Ironically, I just god done routing my radar detector's cable back to the center console of my GTI. I had to use a 12v extension cable to do it. It wasn't the worst to route, but I wouldn't have needed an extension if the 12v was in the passenger foot well.   Kudos, Nissan!
Well your butt dyno is WRONG haha!! The Supra demolished the Z.  Your whole video was highly biased.  For $40k (good luck finding one) you get 400 horsepower yes, but that's ALL you get. In the Supra you get just about everything standard. Brembo's, LSD, you name it.
Those base wheels are amazing.
it's a shame Nissan interiors just look plain dated, cheap feeling materials. But I guess for $40k it's not bad. They chose to spend the money on performance instead of creature comforts. Which I can get behind.
Doug optimizes his descriptions like a BOSS
horrible shit design to be honest
Those are the most horizontal looking oval taillights I’ve ever seen, not vertical
The Nissan 350 Special operation in Ukraine
The new Z is definitely on my shortlist. And the GR Corolla
Nissan knocked this one out of the park
The new 400z is just slow
19:24 Driver AIDS
Alright.   Why the FUCK do companies like to do that ugly ass chrome/silver strip on sporty vehicles? Why just not make it black for fucks sake?
I just cant get used to that front end
Since Nissan is a JAPANESE car, it's the Nissan Zed, not Zee.  (The Japanese pronounce "Z" as zeddo)
No short shif
Strange case where the cheaper version looks better.
Doug score 🤣
The two-tone roof with the chrome separator is what I like to call the "combover" in how it so closely resembles an older gentleman trying desperately to appear something other than bald. The Just For Men black on top with the naturally graying chrome on the side.  They've got to figure out a way to make this look not so silly.
I love the rear end of this car
People complain about the looks, but I think they forget that 1. First round mark-ups will be so bad that no one who's upset will buy one 2. Aftermarket will be flooded with body kits, probably right around when prices calm down and first round problems are sorted out  It's really not a bad situation.  EDIT: Also the A91 interior is trash. The gauge cluster becomes illegible as soon as the sun rises, the visibility is pillbox, the windows buffet like crazy, and the roof tries to take your head off every time you enter or exit the car. All nice materials mean nothing if usability and ergonomics are nonexistent.
Not sure if Nissan plans to sell this in Europe but they may reconsider branding if they do. The letter Z on a vehicle does not invoke good associations these days.
The complainers in the comments sections complaining about the Z, who later in the future turn around and complain about not having these type of sports car!
damn this is the first time i've ever in 5+ years of following him heard Doug say something nice about a Nissan. The hype is real.
So in the redsport 400 variant, that engine is paired with a hybrid system to help with a bit more torque. Was that removed in this Z?
I'm sorry but that thing looks terrible. Probably the worst looking Z car ever. As a long time Japanese sport car enthusiast and current owner of a 1993 SW20 MR2 I absolutely hate the front end and sides. Bloated, ugly headlights, terrible grill etc. The rear end looks good though. Easily the best part and shows the 300z inspiration. Oh, and those terrible black wheels. How much longer until those go out of style? Looks like the hub caps came off.
I think a puppeteer is in control of Doug's body.  :-)
Is it just me or this review was a little different than the other ones in a better way for the lack of a better word
Goodbye to delicious NA Z exhaust notes. The new Z's worst flaw is that it's a Nissan. It's also it's best trait. Torn...
Large *horizontal* ovals
@2:37 Toyota?
Is it the case that awkward clutch feel is sometimes linked to durability if and when tuners add power. I forget which japanese car had an awkward clutch feel yet was praised by tuners as being able to handle subsequent significant engine torque increases without greatly modifying the gearbox.
Looks like a jaguar
Ferrari Romania
What a time to be in when the Z and Supra are back! We just need an EVO to come back to complete it. I hope people buy these, and not let them die off. The Z front end is not great, but overall the car looks great!
I find it far to expensive. The younger crowd that would want this car can't afford it. I personally wouldn't spend 50k on a Nissan. At the point you have so many more options with similar performance.
16:32 ND2 manual mx5?? lol
The letter "Z" has a bad connotation nowadays.... Nissan may want to change that....
That giant single "Z" in the rear makes it look like it's headed for Ukraine
Imagine if Nissan made this a CVT 😂😂😂
A Supra alternative for poor people. Got it.
I like how you caressed the manual shifter @ 17:12 😄
Less than 20 psi of oil pressure at idle on a brand new car?
It's definitely slower than the supra and the manual is even slower than the automatic.
Looks like a a7 audi without the rear spoiler
A Z Nissan is not meant to have an autopilot, you lazy Americans! Also, it is a sportscar, with gauges meant to show actual gauges with useful info, not a map to distract the driver.
and no fake vents!
Sounds like the clutch and gearbox are mediocre.  If they were on the level of Honda or Mazda, this car would be about perfect (with an aftermarket exhaust, of course).
Review it again but  review a yellow one.
All they had to do was put a chrome bar going across the grill and it would've been perfect.
Nissan finally did what everyone wanted!  a 1970s style sports car, instead of making it look futuristic they made a throwback car!
been waiting to watch this video for 2 years
f
@Doug DeMuro  We are similar heights. Did you have any issues being a tall driver in this vehicle?
370Z did not have a backup cam though?
R. I. P BMW Supra. Toyota needs to apologize and give us the Supra concept car
This thing is butt ugly. Also, it's slower than the supra...
This REAL Nissan is so much better than the BMW Supra ... 👍
I love this car especially since it's a complete slap to the face to the supra
Underpovered crap. 3 liter twin turbo 400 hp ? What size turbo ? Like two snails?? Japan lost the track ages ago.... this car looks like 2010 car plus sounds like 4 cilinder 🤢🤮
Hey Doug as a fellow 6 ft plus guy, how was the comfort situation? I’ve heard a lot of reviewers say that it’s better to be below 6ft in this car
Why is this car not going to be sold in Europe? Why would you do this to us Nissan?! (EU 370z owner here)
They missed the opportunity to provide the T-top roof.
You kept saying vertical on the taillights when you meant horizontal
No thank you, bmw M is king
If only it would have been available in the EU market..
pity its cheaply made
Please Doug reply to my comment I am a very big fan of you. Can you please review the car Lamborghini muira ❤️
$50k for that.  Pass.  Car dosn't even look that great
The front doesn’t look mean anymore, too soft imo but the rest is aight I guess.
13:23 i think the new Z is beautiful but man that stitching on the door panel is ugly
1 point better on styling than a C8? Hmm
Damn, I think I just found my next sport car! Thanks Doug 😊
well this will be popular in russia...
Yooooo
I'm convinced there's an Emperor's New Clothes thing going on with this car judging by the comments. I really don't think it looks good at all. There's a mismash of different styles, the front grille is plain ugly, and I'm not a fan of the back either. The only view that looked good was the sideview of the sport model. The 370Z looks so much sharper and more coherent to me.   Then there's the interior, which is barely an upgrade on the ancient 370Z. It looks cheaper than the latest BRZ/GR86 interiors with worse tech and they are much cheaper cars (obviously with a lot less power as well). The power and handling seem decent for the money, but it seems like people are mostly getting excited because of the name and the idea of it returning to the Z glory days. Stick a Hyundai badge on it and it would be ripped to shreds.
Love this new Z. No fake vents or any “try hard” all show no go features. The design is simple, modern, yet still iconically a Z with elements of old. It shares the platform with another car but that other car is still a nissan rather than some other manufacturer. And it comes with a manual right off the bat rather than waiting several years after launch to drop in the manual making the people who cashed out for the earlier models feel pranked. I certainly would not have thought nissan would be capable of making a nice sports car after the novelty of the r35 wore off.
Doug: The old engine sounded better.  Every car person ever: The VQ engines are the worst sounding engines ever, and are always being made fun of.
This guy is like 3 weeks late on this review that has been done by 10+ people already on YouTube but i guess he needs his airtime as well huh
The truth is out! The Z is slower than the Supra and Ford Mustang Mach 1, with the 9 speed automatic; and get this: the manual is slower then the automatic, way slower. Hagerty did this head to head and I trust what I saw. My conclusion is to never trust the butt dyno, and kudos to Nissan for engineering the driving experience first, and number second. It must be an incredible drivers car, but the numbers are not as impressive. It's also 260lbs heavier than the Supra. Cheera
8:20 that's horizontal, not vertical
When I graduate from College here in the next year, I might get me one of these
Doug you mixed up horizontal and vertical when talking about the tail lights
Considering how many supply chain issues we've had globally, i'm actually glad there's stuff carried over from the prior car. If you already have things like switch gear onhand and tooling ready to use, that saves a TON of time and logistics overhead compared to a clean sheet design
23:20 didnt toyota just reveal the manual supra?
Loved this video! But one question; Will you ever review real estate/properties again? Those type of videos were insanely entertaining and very novel
I love the back of this car, it looks so retro.
Gray one looks like ,,poor" people Ferrari Roma
Doug is the type of guy to confuse the words horizontal and vertical, several times.
Nissan missed the mark with this one, perfect platform to bring back T-Tops.  And I don't think $50k I affordable for a 2 seater with less features and creature comforts than most mid tier economy cars.
Quite unfortunate name for a car now. Z being the symbol of the Russian facist invasion and genocide in Ukraine.
I like that Nissan kept it simple, the supra which I had planned on purchasing was just too much and lost all of its benevolence to its creator now if you brought back to MK four that would be a trick
Maybe it’s because I’m 24, but with the exception of the nav map not being able to come up, I don’t think a single downside Doug brought up matters. It’s a sports car.
So when will it be available for purchase
It's like a weird mustang
I’m disappointed that they didn’t integrate the back up camera into the Nissan logo. It just looks off next to it
The front end, lame digital cluster and Juke steering wheel makes me want to vomit
new z sharing platform with older 370z is a great example of if it's not broken don't fix it.
i remember (Z32)300zx with V6 3L Twinturbo stock too really nice car :D, i hope you can do 300zx 89 and maby 90s you had 2 engine types :D:D
Cant wait to get behind the wheel of one of these. Great video Doug!
Im i the only one that never understand doug's practicality score ? how can the Z have the same score than the 2022 BRZ while the brz is a 2 + 2 while the Z is only a two seaters. Also the fact that you can fold the back seats in the brz to put larger item is a big deal for me.
i cant be the only one who just doesnt really care for the Z
I have a feeling that the rear diffuser is a throwback to the 350z nismo rear bumper.
Better looking and manual over the BMWupra
When HALF the video is on "styling queues" then you know that the car itself is unwilling to stand on it's own merrits. Over 3500 pounds and over 100" wheelbase? Bleh. I'll get an Accord V6.
This car is irresistible!! I can’t help but think about buying one :)
Im beyond excited for this car
I sat in a blue interior Z at NYIAS, and Doug isn't exaggerating. It really does scream BLUE.
the design is amazing, it reminds very much of the datsun, i kind of hated the previous generation Z because the bad booty design.
Most Fairlady Z before the Z33 had optional rear seats.
the back of this car looks unreal, surprised they nailed that
50k for a nissan? pass
that exhaust note sounds like a shop vacuum
They need to bring out a roadster version (with a top that works), otherwise I have no real interest.
So when will we actually be able to buy one?
Doug you seem really hyper in this video. 😂
I hated the 350/370z BUT THIS is a redesign done right! What a beautiful car that is clearly modern but honors it’s past as well
wow, what a waste of money. Great review!
"Vertical" I don't think that word means what you think it means.... 😁
I want one so very bad, and I know I'll never ever own one :(
Love it! Love the fact it doesn't have "modes", love the shitty interior (seriously that screen for dials looks old), love that it's a two seater, love the clean styling, just love it. That's about it.
Hmm. So i take it this drive train has a turbo speed sensor to measure rpm? Did i see 200k rpm?
The chrome strip needs to go and that maw is still not great
It's the car to get.
Зачем нужен Z если есть GTR?
Really hope you can add the lsd to the sport for extra because a sports car with an open diff is just criminal
THIS…. is a modern sports car that actually *should* have a light bar tail light design
$40-50k for THIS!?  I don't understand why a small light sports car should cost the same as a luxury sedan...  I don't think i'd pay over $35k for something like this.
8:05 Am I the only one hearing vertical all the time? haha
There's something weird about seeing a Nissan Z with Tennessee license plates. It's a Nissan Z..."Country Edition". 😄
The base model looks so much better than the performance to me, so clean and lines are amazing.
I love how they revised this Nissan Z model
25:51 - I totally disagree that there is no question about which interior is nicer. The materials could be better in the Supra, I'll trust you on that, but simply to have a NISSAN interior instead of a BMW interior in my Japanese car and have an inlaid entertainment system that fits with JDM heritage instead of a freaking tablet, I simply would not even consider the Supra because of the way it looks on the inside, and it must be a little more expensive to build an entertainment system into the dash rather than just slap a tablet on the thing. I don't really care too much if the infotainment is a little better either, we're talking sports car here.
Steering wheel looks like the ND Miata steering wheel. I know, b/c I have one. Also, the DC outlet is in the same location as the MX-5. The interior is pretty unimpressive with most likely a dealer markup. I'll stick with my MX-5 at much better gas mileage and price point with better interior and fun driving. Oh, and hard top convertible.
Thanks Doug for the great video. I heard the automatic version is louder than the manual one in the US because of some regulation regarding exhaust noise levels and how they are test (auto drives up to a 40-50mph with normal/efficient auto gear change vs manual that is limited to 3rd gear max). This results in the manual version being louder than permitted and therefore it’s exhaust slightly dampened. You should look into testing the automatic transmission at one point too. Cheers and thanks for all the great posts
17:07 what is with the caressing? Although it is a beautiful car.
Z for Zorro
I love the color on the Z. Very cool 👌🏿💙💙
Doug's the type of guy that listens to TikTok radio on seriusxm
Nissan kicked it out of the park. Love the older design cues thrown into this vehicle. A lot of thought went into this and it’s obvious. Well done Nissan!
Now we just need Mazda to play in this space again.
The lights are horizontal…
Worse timing ever, especially with what’s going on in Europe to release a model called Z…
Zeeee, :) or as it will be known in civilized countries,  The Zed Car :)  Kidding, great review by Doug as per usual.
The back end could’ve looked nicer
Channeling Emo Philips
That is a skin over 350 / 370 pos ..... but hey it will sell well
Horizontal Doug, horizontal
Would rather get a 370 nismo for that kind of money
O hate the new look. The 379 was much better.
Vertical = up/down | Horizontal = Side to side 😂  I feel like $50k is just too much for a car with a 13 year old platform and interior pieces. It looks great though.
Hey Doug, when you say the "same platform", what are you referring to? Same chassis or other components?
Unfortunately this Z needs attention to detail. It can not compete with the mustangs, supra and maybe the Corolla. The chassis needs improvement and the gearing for the automatic and drivetrain needs revisions!
I've been waiting for this review! I'm so excited. As a die hard Nissan fan it's been rough over the past decade. Outside of the GTR it's been pretty bleak.  Imagine if they brought back the S series as well... A modern 240 would be sick.
Can't wait to see the aftermarket for this car and all kind of crazy things people do with them they Z has always been a amazing drifting platform
I own a 370Z, and I hate those climate controls. Why can't they borrow the climate controls from the Sentra, even the single zone version, that should not add too much to the cost for production.
I absolutely love how this looks, I can’t wait until these become 10 years old so I can afford one
Ah yes, the vertical horizontal oval taillight design
supra, gtr, eclipse, integra, mx5... they all suck today. they try to sell you a sporty car but it breaks down because they make it unreliable as other cars, normal usage not more than warranty. so you can't tune it, cant abuse it, and it looks cringe. the good one was gt86 but it looked so cringe too. its over for coupes. nobody cares. so people end up just want to buy a Porsche because they're brainwashed by their marketing
Well, tail lights are horizontal lines, not vertical @Doug DeMuro
Now I LOVE your videos and I don’t mean this to be malicious… but you talk with your hands SOOOOO much that you could always make it as a choir director lol
31:00 RJM Performance has a brilliantly simple solution to the shit clutch feel of the last couple Z’s: an adjustable, mechanical clutch pedal assembly. Gets rid of that annoying bounciness
There's no way you actually talk like this..........you're not a game show host, just talk to us like we are humans and having a conversation.
i'd like that one
what does he mean by saying "price + shipping" ? do you have to pay for shipping even if you buy a car inside US?
The back of the Z looks so classic, I love it
I hope they upgraded the engine to fix the issues with the Q50/60 RS. If not, may bite new owners in the butt
President of Russia Like the car
Why do you constantly bend forward, almost like you're ducking.
Thanks for the great detailed review Doug.  It looks like I will be buying the new Z instead of the Supra.
The air conditioning trims don’t match from door handle to dash
I think this will appeal to the russian sportscar enjoyers due to the name.
I imagine this will be popular in Russia.*   *Well, it would be if they were allowed to buy it.
Those tail lights are not vertical, doug.
VR30FTW!
Man what a crappy looking interior.
It's going to be a flop, nothing exciting about Nissan or Infiniti.
22:07 bruh the seat bolsters are already collapsed smh
Doug   Vertical = up - down   horizontal = side to side  Taillight !!!
Ugly.
If they let me have a base model with the Bose system, I might have a Nissan Z in my future!
Cant imagine a scenario where I'd pay $50,000 for the top sport model Z!! Considering the inside is basically a 370z with a few convenience upgrades, I'd could see myself buying this new Z for $20,000 at most. 350z and 370z 's go in the $10,000 range now and I'd rather just buy a top trim 370. Sad to see.
Since the seventies Doug, the first Z car was sold in 1970.
Can it defeat radar? Because it looks like Nissan tried to mimic a stealth fighter plane... Too angular. Makes it appear boxy without being boxy
Thisss
looks awkward
Not a Nissan fan, but props to them for building their own sports car and not pimping it out to some other manufacturer like .......Toyota!
"The engineers were happy to get the curved gas cap on so nicely" you mean they were stoked to get "1969" on the car lol
Should have called it the fair lady
I really like the subdued branding.  So many sports cars go out of the way to show off their branding on every available surface. Here, they know you know what you're driving, enyone who cares will know what you're driving so keep it simple and subdued.
The look around and smile at 28:00 is too relatable
The grille looks fantastic! What a great interpretation of the cars history.
This will be very popular in new-Z-land.
I don’t know why, but it feels weird that there isn’t a number associated with the Z, makes it feel like this is the final one that’s going to be made.
He keeps on saying “vertical” when I’m sure he means “horizontal”
Oh for the Datson 240 Z one of the most elegant well proportioned cars ever made but alas gone gone gone
First thing all the YouTubers will do is put exhaust on it lol
the ovals in the tail lights are horizontal, not vertical
For the 50k price range...I'll buy a mustang.
The way Doug caressed that shift knob gave me a chubby.
He says vertical like 10 times it’s HORIZONTAL, get it together Doug
I'm waiting for the NISMO edition. I made the mistake of buying a 350z in 2003, and I wish I had waited.
Doug: "this car doesn't have a home screen" *clicks on home button with clear picture of a house*  Also, am I the only one that thinks this design already looks outdated even though the car isn't released yet? I mean how much could it possibly cost to develop a new door panel... tooling is a couple grand, and you can get a decent backup camera for like $4 these days. I'm super happy there's new rwd manual sorts cars, but it seems super Nissan - selling you a 30 year old car for a premium. I don't see the extra $30-40k over a slightly used 370Z considering they're so similar.
I hope that the interior quality isn't inspired in the 350Z and 370Z
LSD should be standard.
Is that a fart at 2:56 when he says "but"?
Disappointing that they priced it that way against cars with superior performance, tech, and/or fit and finish. $51K is too much for the performance trim. And the sport is not very sport with economy tires, brakes, and an open rear diff. Should have been $45k, which then there might be an argument that this is the better buy. Also... $1300 for the pretty blue paint job... Nissan straight up gouging. Can't wait for the market to collapse.
Regarding Supra vs. Z, the Supra is a styling excess mess. Nissan has produced the best-looking Z since the original.
Please go back to talking through the Doug score
Aren't all those rear light elements _horizontal?_
In the early 1980s as a kid, I would deliver newspapers to a house that had an original Datsun 240Z (this was in the UK).  I absolutely adored that car even though it was getting pretty old at that point.  Now, This reminds me of that from the exterior. It's absolutely beautiful.  The interior is kind of meh, and I wouldn't buy it because it doesn't fit my current life style but I can still appreciate and commend Nissan for the excellent job they did with the exterior style.
LOVE the look of the base model without a rear spoiler.
Technically this car is a 400Z. even Nissan said so because it makes 400 hp
I was excited for this car when it was still in production but now that I saw this video im not longer a fan. I dont not like that there is over a $10k difference in the 2 trims, and the sport model is really horrible, and performance model after taxes (not including dealer markup) will probably be over $60k
You keep saying vertical, I do not think it means what you think it means ;-)
At first I kind of disliked the styling on this, but it’s really grown on me. It’s not exactly simple yet not overstyled and I love it now.
Nissan did us right by this one. Good job Nissan.
Absolutely love the fact that the manual version doesn’t have a “sport mode” anyone buying the car wants to have a sporty driving experience whenever they get in it just have it the way it is
Doug. Have you had the opportunity too try the automatic Z, because I think it will definitely solve your manual shifting issues with the car, and it is even faster, for what other car reviewers say. Fine review as always.
Russians will love to drive a car around with Z as the badge....  Is nissan watching the news? Are they mad ?
Ahhh Nissan, too bad that thing is fucking ugly as all git.
Very pleased that Nissan seized the obvious opportunities Toyota left for them with the Supra (manual transmission, power/price, aesthetics). I don't LOVE the front end, but I still think it looks great by-and-large, *especially* the rear and rear 3/4 view which look awesome. I hope it does well for them.
Doug's literally showing us the home screen of the infotainment while complaining about there not being one. lol
Let’s just be happy there is still a two-seat sports car on offer with a manual.  Viva la choice…😂
A doug demuro meme, because he should have one https://youtu.be/vuEXWnK6GzA
''It feels like a guy flooring a V6 Camry cause he's mad In traffic'', relatable lmao
Those are horizontal oval taillights, not vertical.
Horizontal brake lights Doug HORIZONTAL 😂😂😂😂 not vertical. Sorry had to catch that lol love the content
The seats are just so ugly, my s5 has more bolsted buckets seats then that
Finally, some reviewers are getting to drive the Z.  I appreciate Doug's critiques and raves.  The critiques seem valid, and that makes his raves even more worth listening to. If he likes it in spite of a crappy sound, that makes me all the more interested in trying one out. Now -  when will they actually start getting some to dealerships in sufficient quantity for potential buyers to test drive them???
I'm disapointed in the name. makes it feel seperate from the rest of the collection..
SOOOO much better looking than the Supra.  And yes, I've seen two new Z's in person last week.
Nissan really outdid themselves with this car. Toyota could learn a thing or two from them...
are we calling every decent looking car beautiful now?
$50k for that my god cars are ridiculous now
Hagerty has already gotten 4.0 sec 0-60 and a 1/4 mile @ 12.3 sec the Z would go faster but they feel it's limited by its current tires and traction control that works sometimes and other times..doesn't. With better tires and better-tuned traction control don't be surprised to see 3.8-3.9 0-60s time with a 12.0 sec 1/4 mile.
Doug I love you - get someone to help you do your voice recording better
Those seat adjustment switches are the same ones that were in my 2003 Infiniti Fx lol.
“The Z feels faster than the Supra.” Z gets spanked by at least two cars in the quarter mile by the Supra on Hagerty. 🤦‍♂️
The most anticipated review
Nissan can say this is only the Z but we all know this is the 400Z
I used to own a '17 Q60 Red Sport. Thing is a monster, had to get rid of it due to monetary reasons along with the turbo seals failing at 50k but man I wish I could have kept it. Really hope they fixed that issue for the VR30DDTT.
Someone needs to teach doug the difference between vertical and horizontal
How many lines of cocaine has this guy done?
I would 1,000% get the blue Z with a blue interior. I'm sick of a sea of black interior. This is exciting for Nissan, great job on their part for listening to people.
Horizontal! The rear lights are horizontal. Doug!
1:57   3/4 front view looks like a cheap Hyunday coupé 15 years ago. Anda the front grille...horrible!!!
Back looks great, front looks like shit.
man's talking about clutch and gear shift feel and driven a lr defender
Vertical = up and down  Horizontal = left to right/vice versa
Already the word of 2022: buttdyno
Ok, so this car really starts at $51K because even a base Supra and BRZ/GR86 come standard with an LSD, but an open dif 400 hp RWD car? Sounds cool, is actually terrifying. They could've charged more for the base model to have a an LSD as standard but nope, and that's not a great choice IMO.
Isn't Z letter banned worldwide? Nissan are brave. ZA RASSIU
Hey Nissan, this car --> Europe --> now!
Z...) If you know what i mean
lol that echo in be sure to check out
Horizontal ovals
I checked the Nissan website. It's not listed.  I don't think the Katana blade is meant to  wrap around the trunk lid. GREAT content and it was nice to see you get the car out on the road.
I remember seeing this car for the first timr in yellow, and I did NOT like it. Which was upsetting, but awhile later I saw it in blue, and I WANTED it lol. I still think it's a bit odd in some ways but I quite like it. But even thought I am a Lil Nissan Infiniti fanboy I think I would still prefer the other controversial looking sport's car. The new M240i, I LOVE, I personally don't see why that car is controversial I think it's beautiful. But it has to be purple. PURPLE!!
I'm glad they didn't bother with a backseat. It wouldn't be usable anyway. Why do we even bother with 2+2 sports cars anymore?
This may be the renaissance car of the current generation. Hopefully it will spark motivation of other car manufacturers to revive the glory days of tuning cars once again as the daily driving vehicles shift over to EV.
If anyone buys watch the oil levels it’s very sensitive and could damage your turbos
Nissan killed it with this one! I wish they had a dark green color!
This is a Infiniti red sport in a Z body
The almond shape headlights ruin the front end....The rear end is gorgeous!
such a pity that Z became the symbol-letter for invading russian troops
Awesome video, i have to disagree with Doug, because listening to that WOT pulls did instantly take me back to the 90s and to the 300zx! Man this new Z is so beautiful it's engine sound is unbelievably GOOOOD! This is by far the most beautiful V6 I've ever heard till date since early 2000s!!!!! 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
It’s Zed not Zee, c’mon get it right.
At 50k for the sportier version seems a little pricey. Id rather buy another mustang.
Yesssssssssssss
Really popular in Russia right now.
Dude's be like, "Comes in manual rear wheel drive? Great sports car!"
I wonder if those dummy tail lights will be replaced by foglights in territories which require them.
Vertical ovals....?
I think the Supra makes more sense when you compare it to the Performance trim in my opinion. Although buying the Z sport for essentially $10K less is very compelling. I could live without all the Performance extras (except maybe the LSD)
The styling Doug Score is way off. Corvette C8 6 in styling but this gets a 7? Sorry. While the Z looks nice the styling is very simple and pales to the C8 which looks like a super car. I'm also not sure the Cool Factor is the same as a C8 but I'll give that one to Doug.
Would be nice if Nissan had the car configurator up on their website by now... when does this thing go on sale?
The back ovals... Horizontal....
The large fuel door might be a hint for an upcoming hybrid version.
How much does the manual performance model weigh? I’ve seen everything from 3200-3600+lbs at the curb. That’s a range from sweet to too damn heavy.
If they try to sell it in Europe - good luck with that interior. ROFL 🤣
Although it has more power than supra, it just lost to it in the drag race video by HAGERTY.  Check it out, they say it lost to supra due to the tires
The nissan rear view cameras come out of the factory with incorrect settings.  I had my windshield replaced on my 2021. When I received my car back my backup camera was clear. I was going to buy one but I'm 6'6".
72 240Z was my first car...I loved that car....Unfortunately in the era of lets go bradon inflation I can`t afford a new Z or any other new car.
It is a great deal, and I’m sure it will be great to drive, but front end is so ugly. It needs different headlights and a better grill design
Can’t wait to see the Nismo version
Love the cat
So the Z and the Supra 3.0 get the same acceleration score despite the 3.0 being half a second quicker to 60 and a full second quicker in the quarter?
The Z's strongest point is heritage. I think anyone who has owned one wants one and Toyota can do whatever! It's just the latecomer to the party. A great car no dought but not a Z. And I feel the same about an  RX7. I owned and loved both.
The Z, Supra, and Integra are back! I'm doubtful, but if Mazda makes an RX-9 this would be a true revival of Japanese sports cars.
Nissan Rep "We gave it a manual handbrake"  Doug: "Ah, I catch your DRIFT"
Doug is the only car salesman you'll ever need.
this car will age incredibly well
3$ litter of gas man no thanks
Can't wait to roll around in my new car with Z symbol all over it in 2023, getting smoked by every Mustang.
Work the price alone for having a real hand brake.
I wish we could have these in Europe...
In my Nissan Rogue I enter a destination on the gps and then cancel the destination. The map will stay open.
The 1990’s 300 was a twin turbo 6, or was an upgrade. Surprised you didn’t mention it.
Doug, the tail lights and indicators are horizontal not vertical?
this looks soooooo much better than the supra
my God no love from the Z31!?!?! like damn the Z31 turbo is iconic!! Shame on Nissan!!!
Too late i already saw this on Raiti’s Rides
That exhaust note made me cry tears of disappointment
It is ugly imo
I'd love this as a convertible
The ass looks like a fiero
i love the new z but how to get money to buy it
the front end of this think looks disgusting, the back looks a little less horrible, the side view of this car looks amazing, but i hate how it looks in general (for 40 thousand dollars, 400hp, and a good looking interior, its pretty cool)
this is sick
I do not like a springy clutch. I do not like it very mutch.
9:45 The bleed port on the caliper facing out? And it's at the top? Is that a thing for other vehicles...ever? What's the likelihood of a piece of gravel getting in between the bleed port in the wheel? I think mechanics have enough of a hard time with bleed ports without a higher likelihood of damage. Or maybe I'm just an idiot.
Stupid car, stupid design, if you buy this you might be dumb
10:10 Apparently Nissan reduced the sound of the exhaust to conform to noise regulations (like the UK which has soft limiters for example). Correct me if I'm wrong
Best thing about Z's is 10 years from now you can pick one up for 10k.
…menu is the Home Screen😂😂😂
I'd def take this over the abomination that is the supra.
Very nice, lots of retro looking parts in a modern style, I like it very much.
sorry doug but that infotainment is far from responsive or acceptable in 2022, cheap smartphones by no name brands can do better than that, its pathetic actually that automakers cant make a simple infotainment with responsive touch and good stable refresh rates
Hagerty just raced the Z and the Supra. Supra beat the Z by a pretty decent margin in 1/4 mile. Apparently the Z launch control is not too comprehensive and there's just too much wheel spin. Worth noting, they raced the automatic against the Supra. Not the manual. Then they raced the auto Z against the Manual Z. Of course auto won, even with no lift shift manual. Manual is still cooler though.  Having said that, Z looks soooooo much better and with a stick, its just plain the better choice. I don't care if it loses...I'd still take the Z all day.
2:36 Toyota?
Absolutely Gorgeous car. Finally something worthy of replacing my 330Ci.
Can’t wait till someone totals it, then a YouTuber V8 swaps it 🔥🔥
Doug is the type of guy that says stop during sex
Yeah man idk I'll still take the Z32 300zx over this
I nearly fainted when you said 50k for a nissan lol thing looks pretty cool though definitely my favorite z styling
Video starts at 2:24. 👍🏽
The fact it already comes with a twin turbo kit off the bat is insane can’t wait to see what the bolt on market is gonna look like
Needs more echo
The gas door being that large looks like it will help keep you from hitting the fender with the fuel filler handle.
Love it. Big fan of the 240z glad they are bring some of it back
Nissan is smart. If you buy a sports car with a manual everybody and their dog knows what you want. It shouldn't come with an Eco mode or normal mode (crying in Corvette)
The driver seats already looks like 60k miles.
So it's 2022 and we've got a new Z, Supra, fast Corolla hatch and Mitsubishi turned the eclipse into a crossover 😥 Come on Mazda! Bring back the Rx 7!
Where did you find this car, new Z land?
Wouldn’t they be horizontal ovals instead of vertical?
I wish they would add a back seat to this, just like the old Z's.
I actually like the looks of it now.
All the annoyances of the shifter and clutch is the same issues I had with my G37 (370Z's cousin). I literally upgraded the clutch pedal to a RJM pedal to get better clutch feel. I bet these cars will also suffer from the notorious clutch (master or slave) cylinder issues. Sucks for the manual indeed.
That interior looks like straight up dog poop.
This thing better handle well at the limit because it's shockingly slow compared to similarly priced competition.
POWER BULGE
Man that interror looks rough for a $50k car.
Doug. Could you please review a Toyota Chinook omega camper van
Damn, a rebodied 370z🤦‍♂️come on Nissan...smh sounds crap too Nissan, Ive owned every model Z including a 1970 240z vert heater rear glass early model, and i cant come to liking this Frankenstein bastardisation of a Z at Best.
Love the look, but can't get past the headlights. What were they thinking? Let the 240Z die, go all in on modern style.
Imagine if they made it rear mid engine
The thing i like about your videos is the intro.. THISSSSSS IS THE...  Hehehe the energy 🙌🙌.. Good stuff man 💯✔✔
Now go watch Wangan Midnight - Demon Z!
oops on the "vertical" taillights. that's Cadillac's game😅. Love your channel!
I thought the steering wheel was from the GT-R?
Finally!!!
Mad guy in traffic reving a v6 Camry that's wonderful line
Seriously… it’s sad.   Why pay for this over a used GTR ??      It’s just sad.  Once the GTR was out.. if they still wanted to make a new Z.. they should’ve made it a lot closer than this.     Nissan clearly had shit together for half a decade.. and are now back to screwing up🤦‍♂️
I'm still going to call it the 400Z. It's natural anyway since it has 400hp, though it used to correspond to the displacement.
Imma just comment at the start of the video and say they nailed it!
This would be so cool as electric
"Large vertical ovals" ... they're horizontal, Doug. Not vertical.
My ears are still ringing from the reverb in the Cars and Bids self-promo at the beginning....
How was your right knee when driving it? As a tall person, that was my biggest concern when I tried it at the NY auto show. Do you have enough range of motion to shift comfortably? It seems like it had more room for tall drivers than the Supra, but I'm very curious what your perceptions are? Are there better options?
I just Love the Design!
This looks soooo much better than new Supra...
the middle gauge shouldve been oil pressure! Cmon nissan!
this looks like the BRZ, looks ugly
It is not mostly new! It's exactly the same car with a different motor and bodywork.
I still think the 300zx was the best Z car they ever made.
Nissan's plastic is the worst plastic of all the plastics.
Is this the same engine coming from the Infiniti Q50/60 RS400? And
The tap Streetview but lock to 90 degrees? That's disorienting and unhelpful.
Man.. the Z is a driver's car, point blank period. You don't need all that tech.  Who here actually owns a Z car? I do, got an '08 350z manual transmission and I will drive it til the panels fall off!
Bringing back the Z in the middle of a war where one side uses the letter Z as a symbol is not the greatest marketing move in my opinion 🤔 Maybe it will be a huge hit on the Russian market 🙃
The proto version looked sick, I also think this car when paired with a good set of wheels will look amazing, I do prefer this to the Supra although I don't have a car or money for one, so my opinion I guess doesn't matter at the end haha
Would have been nice if they mimicked or used their nismo 6 speed system, which was a great transmission as far as gear changes and the clutch / shifter feel
the slope from the roof to the rear doesn't hit the same as the 350 and 370z, those two were my favourite.
I wonder if this car can be sold in certain countries where the Z is banned in certain cases due to the war in Ukraine..
Nissan couldn’t call this a “400Z” without totally abandoning convention.   To be a 400Z, it would have to have a 4.0L engine.   Since they went with a 3.0L, I’m not sure why they were opposed to calling this car a 300Z or 300ZX…  unless the marketing folks said no, no we can never go DOWN in numbering.
Sounds like it has a lot of road noise too…..
Literally the same door handle , just slightly different shape, but same angle same experience
In stock form it looks a lil weird but when all the tunes and aftermarket kits come out, it will look way better. Needs some better wheel too.
Hmmmm bare minimum quality…so it’s a Nissan
A lil too much reverb on the cars and bids ad Doug 🤣🤣🤣
The base, base model is the only way to go. For 50 or at 50k everything is better at that price
The front looks a bit iffy for me, but the rear is absolutely gorgeous. Throws me right into they old 240SX, RX-7 sort of era. But I'm guessing someone's gonna make aftermarket bumpers so that could be sorted out. Other than that the car is amazing, I would buy it over the supra myself. Although I WOULD, I can never afford it.
NOT ELECTRIC !! WHO CARES ?  THIS IS OLD TECHNOLOGY !
I was excited to hear the starting price but honestly this car looks cheap as hell for being a 2022. But maybe all the money in the performance. It's hard to trust Nissan outside of the GTR.
The grill in the Z is so fugly!
Did you mean horizontal ovals?
Take a shot every time Doug says “Z”
The backend looks like a Datsun and I love it
Imagine buying the new BMW supra, feeling proud and happy, and this goes on sale… KEKW
can't wait for nissan V
I wish they make a z in brz price range rather than now way over priced
I wonder if two of those GR Corolla 3 Cylinders can fit under that hood
I think this car really captures the 90s aesthetic of "affordable fun". With the cars of the 90s that were similar to the Zs, they were all about performance and "fun" over luxury interiors. I think you see the same thing here with the borrowed pieces from the old Z and other Nissans. As long as the car is fun to drive, I think it's a total win!
The grey sport version pictured looks waaaaay better. The color matched roof makes the chrome look less silly and the body color matched wheels look amazing.
Doug is a type of a guy to bark when dog is coming home
Damn, must say I really like the rear end on this new Nissan Z. Gonne be real nice when people starting adding rear diffusers.
Lot of Z videos today so the review embargo must've just been lifted. Does that mean an announcement of a release date is on the way?
This car in blue, does it give anyone wangan midnight vibes
8:18 those are large horizontal ovals.
zzzzzZ for putin
For russian naZi
Been waiting for this one, I love this car
russian nissan  Z
Look! Now it takes two handy grip motions to open the boot instead of one like in the olden times. Progress!
I think one thing that would’ve been nice to point out is comfort for taller drivers between the Z and the Supra. I can tell you fit pretty comfortably in the Z but if I remember correctly, you said anyone over 6 feet will feel a bit cramped in the Supra
I'm taking bets on dates for first RB and SR swaps
Why he touch the shift knob like that 😳
The rear fender looks like the Datsun version as well.
Vertical and horizontal doug! Learn the difference 😂 but greeat vid!
The back looks like a Mustang 1970 302 Boss... coincidence?
I paid $7k for my new 240z back in 73'
Its very hard for me to understand what he would mean about the clutch and shift feel of the new Z relative to rivals. For example, the TR6060 in the 2014 Camaro 1SS 1LE I had was SO notchy it took some getting used to. My dad actually found it annoying. Personally, the feel of my built T56 is far better than anything else I've ever tried, Porsha included. I cant imagine anyone would agree with me though, since I prefer a raggedy old 1993 z28 hotrod.
I'd rather have the Supra just for the looks alone
Done a better job than the new Supra and NSX
"I haven't heard any complaints about the new Z's styling"  R-really?  The headlights look weird, the grill looks like shit, that chrome strip doesn't work, the tail lights don't look cool, I like almost nothing about the way this car looks.  It's not as ugly as the Supra but by no means does it look good.  Kinda shocked it's not getting criticized more.
40k for that engine
Original Z was affordable, lightweight, easy to work on, and got great fuel economy. Not so today.
Sounds like a vacuum cleaner lol
Wwis is the nu 2023 niesan z
I think the door handle is a bit of a stretch lol it looks nothing like the old one
I’ve been waiting for this one for a while
A voltmeter! I wish my car had one. Would really take the guesswork out of starting the car after a while, knowing if the battery was good or not. On this car, an oil pressure meter probably would have been a better pick, admittedly. Maybe they didn't want to alarm modern customers by how it moves during normal use lol.
I’ve been waiting a while for you to do a vid on this car!
Is it just me or is this thing hella ugly?
"Resonably" priced, yeah until the dealers get ahold of them
The Supra is faster already proven on another channel.
anyone else see the ridiculous resemblance to the 240???? its so awesome.
21:31 that's the most important gauge for a car you drive on weekends, just a glance to know if its time to warm it up a little so it wont be dead next saturday, unless you go LFP then f that
long live NiSSAN the kings of Japanese  sports cars this car well eat a toyota supra
The sport version in all grey looked so much nicer imo. Performance or sport I don’t think I’d get the two tone
DOES IT HAVE WIND BUFFETING WITH THE WINDOWS DOWN AT SPEED? One thing that the Supra has against it really bad.
The rear glass says "Since 1969-" after the dash I would totally put "-nice"
Supra
Too bad it's a Nissan, rather pay more to get the Supra then to be seen in a Nissan.
I have been waiting for this car and for you to review it. How bad do you think dealer mark up and 3rd party mark up is goibg to be?
Elantra N FTW!!!! FACT
My maxima has that hood design, I love it!
To bad nissans are junk cause i like the styling
The large fuel door had to be done to prevent the filling handle from hitting the body during re-fueling. With the fender shape and the wheel well cavity, the filler had to be placed high in the fender.
All of the switches, knobs, and buttons are the exact same on my 2008 EX35. There's nothing wrong with that, although it does look a little dated.
The windshield wiper, and turn signal sticks are the exact same as the 2015 nissan sentra and the heated seat buttons are the same aswell
400 HP on a 2 door v6 is insanity.
Would you buy a new Z or a used Jaguar F-Type?
Man.... what a beautiful car! And very competitive, kudos to Nissan and nice to see how manuals are faaaaar away to die.
Which calendar do Nisan use 🤔. We in May 2022 nowhere near 2023 🤦🏼‍♀️
I prefer the rear of the Sport model. Wonder if you can spec it without the spoiler.
@Doug DeMuro was traction an issue? It sure looked like people who timed the 0-60 mph ran into traction issues. The stock tires don’t look to be as good as the Michelin Pilot Sport 4 S tires on the competition.
His butt dyno needs to be calibrated. Supra took it to gapplebees
2:10 looks like it has chrome in the lower part of the window then at 6:31 no chrome
Since '69. Nice.
One of the cleanest cars I've seen come out in the last 5 years. Most cars now days have too many angles, lights, chrome bits, etc... Just overall too busy. Very hard to look at and decipher. This one, however, is super easy to look at and just looks great. I hope it revives the trend of simple yet classy styling. Not everything needs to look like a Decepticon transformer.
Back looks ugly, front looks amazing. I don't know... i'm really on the fence about the aesthetics
Ugly car
Same 400 hp as the rs3?-the quattro?besides the Z love, i would not consider buying it
What happened with the Doug Score? Did we only get 10 seconds of it?
Ugly car, ugly keys
At least Nissan didn't stick a CVT on it ... :)
I even thought the car has pretty similar proportions compared to a 370Z. Now i know why, its on the same Nissan FM platform that was introduced in 2001 lmao
Hey Doug is the Z Performance the replacement for the 370z Nismo? Please let me know
Plz da a review of the toyata meha cruzer
If the sport can have the lsd as an option i truly think it might be the best spec.
Spoiler alert! @8:39
The taillights looks so 90s but in a good way.
Echo echo echo
Such an epic car, LOVE the looks.  When crypto inevitably blows up again over the next 2 years it's on my short list!
the mustang and supra (comparable models) already beat the Z in the drag race on hagerty. this thing sucks.  TO LITTLE TO LATE..... TO EXPENSIVE. It should cost 25 grand base and 35 grand the top model. It will flop. nobody is buying cars right now. look at gas prices.
Lovely car, shame we are not getting it in the UK
I really can't believe this day has come, it's been such a long time in the making and I wouldn't watch another full review before yours (and I haven't had the chance to watch this in its entirety yet). So forgive me if you discuss this in depth: I know you're tall Doug, but you're long legged therefore rather short from waist to  head, right?  I'm really worried that at 6'1 and all torso, there's no way I'll be comfortable in this thing.  Thoughts?
This car is Nissan telling us "Y'all a bunch of hoons"....That's Fine
Saw it race a supra and mustang. Unfortunately it came last
And oil pressure gauge on that third gauge on top of the dash would have been great
0:28 Doug is the type of guy to get ahead of the YTP crowd with his own funny reverb.
Ugly stupid import car
Nissan had to gimp the exhaust on the manual version of the car for some stupid government reasons
Bro what the hell is TikTok radio
YESSSS i have been waiting and avoiding ALL other reviews for the day youd get your hands on one of these!!!
Damn doug look at those legs 0:10
Horizontal ovals*
I feel like once Nissan make the Nismo version of this car it will clean the interior up a bit and make it more modern with some red alcantara and same with some carbon bits on the exterior
Sheesh that thing is ugly
This car is seriously such a breath of fresh air
I had a Z31 in high school and if I remember right one of the three gauges in the middle of the dash was for battery voltage. I never did understand why I'd need up to date info on that.
Interesting to see how Nissan and Toyota differ in their approach. Toyota outsourced their sports car to BMW almost entirely while Nissan collected a bunch of antiquated parts from various cars some of which are 20+ years old, sprinkled in some newer parts that are only a few years old and is now attempting to sell the result as a new car...I can almost guarantee 1st gear being useless, 5th gear developing notchiness after a few years due to lack of synchros, rear axle clicking due to a bad design and the rear diff bushing leaking silicone...
No drover assist? Was about time. WE DON’T WAN’T DRIVER ASSIST. in fact, get rid of power steering, boosted brakes and everything electronic. We need wheels, brakes, engine, suspension, bodywork.
Its look a lot like the 240z
You can tell there’s some love and passion in the design here
Vertically stacked horizontal
😃
oh this video made my day. i'm so excited for this car.
the trunkussy
Why no T-Top Nissan?  Hopefully next year's model
It’s nice knowing your buying a Nissan and not a bmw…
A long time ago i was shopping between a 350Z or G35.  I got the G35 thinking its the luxury model and is better in quality and materials.  Nope, it's just a nissan Z in disguise.  Complete junk quality and reused parts all over.  I wouldn't pay 50k for shit from 2006
This thing not getting T-Tops is TRAGIC
My biggest worry, how much inferior Renault/Peugeot “engineering” is under that beautiful metal skin.
Doug you have no idea how long I've been waiting for this review lmao, I just want to see rcrs as well
I was really disappointed when I saw the interior on these things. Given Nissans reluctance to update models, I feel we'll be seeing this carried over, dated interior, for another 15 years. Other than that, I love what theyve done. A little sad about the noise issue. I had a 350Z and it was too damn loud, couldnt appreciate music or have a conversation where you werent almost shouting. Still, Im glad to see the Supra taken down a notch.
When is the Miura video coming?
I was waiting on you to report on it and literally no one else.
Does the sport trim have rev matching on the manual version?
Looks like shit
I like the fact that they don’t allow you to select drive modes. Seems gimmicky to me anyway.
Horizontal
$40-$50k is great. Everyone knows that the dealers are going to mark these up anywhere from 5-10k depending on the dealer
AYOO 👀👀 17:11
✌️
I like just about everything about the Z (the sound could be better) except for that front grill. The braceface look just doesn't look good imo and that's the first thing I would look to replace in the aftermarket. Rear looks amazing though.
BMW Parts Prices vs Nissan...
Unlike the travesty they’re calling the “integra” I actually want a Z
Old folks will love this thing! 🚘  Pro Tip: Lose the letter “ Z “ . It’s now means Russian, NAZI, fascist and right wing radical. Nobody wants that on any car!
Theses Zs are going to sell like cakes,and I want one
If Nissan knows their customers so well I’m curious why the Altima doesn’t come with a factory bull bar
You can tell Doug was pretty excited about this one. He put some extra oomph into his introductory “THIS!”
THIS…is the best YT ch ever!
The car is pretty slow for what it has. Darn.
This car is a legend revived and a legend in the making.
That thing is Japanese perfection
Doug is the type of guy who cares about how small and tight it feels 29:32
the good thing about the center console buttons is they are not retro, they are actually old
I don't want to hear my engine, so I really don't care if it sounds "better" or "worse".  I also could not care less that it isn't a totally new car.  If they made a totally new car it may have been $65,000, which I would not pay.  I think Nissan hit a home run with the styling, as a former 280ZX turbo owner.  I also don't need fancy cameras, driver "assist", or a lot of screen graphics.
"Vertical Ovals" 🙄
Only complaint is Nissan is still years behind in the infotainment design.  Still looks like something from the early 2000s.
Adds 2 turbos, gains 40hp over a NA 370z..wtf.
Wonder how the Nismo variant will look like :3
Best car of 2022.
Miss the point by point breakdown of the Doug Score
REVIEW A NEWER DODGE VIPER
I like the new Z, I think it looks amazing and the engine is really  great but I’m drawn to the Supra more especially since it now also comes in a manual and I highly doubt the Z is gonna be faster than the Supra.
The clutch, the shift feel, the exhaust, all easy modifications that can be made , love that you love it Doug!
Can't wait for the builds for this car!
Changing the design of interior door handles doesn't improve performance. Plus they are great to begin with.
Z..... russian war on Ukraine.....
Supra or Z   *… so hard to choose* Supra has better MPG & safety aids but Z is soo sexy
I’m waiting for the first manufacturer to say ‘we know you’re plugging in your phone for Apple/Android Car Play’ and stop wasting money on their own infotainment/nav system that’s just going to look super outdated in four years anyway. They could offer just a really nice screen and a basic radio, and let our easily upgradeable phones handle the rest.
When I was a kid growing up in the 70's-80's, we had an original 240z sitting in our garage. It was orange, had wire wheels, and a woodgrain steering wheel. It belonged to my uncle and wasn't running, but looked brand new. I remember sitting in it all the time and pretending to race. I don't know remember what ended up happening to it.
Will there be a nismo version?
As always, great stuff Doug!
Just looked at Nissan's website - it says "sold out." See ya'll next year, maybe?
Doug: “why someone will spend 80k in Supra”  me: will, at least I don’t have to wait for months to get spare parts for the Supra,
Heaven forbid they put an analog oil pressure gauge.
I saw the new Nissan 400Z at an auto show and it looks pretty good but I didn’t get in it though I just looked at it.
So its pretty much a parts bin car, 370z chassis, with an Infiniti drivetrain. More laziness from a dying company. Innovate or die...Nissan is choosing to die.
The base model looks better then the performance model.
Is it me or is the "z" badge saying ZX?
Since they haven't spent money on a new platform, shouldn't this be a lot cheaper?
What I really like about Doug is that it’s true he got the car from Nissan dealership and most probably they paid him to review it, however, unlike other car journalists, he reviewed the car as he really thinks, not acting like a Nissan advertising guy saying the good stuff and exaggerating all the time.   Anyway I like the new Z👍🏻
Ugly door handle. I have owned Nissans.  Poor quality, bad dealer service. Never will buy another one.
i think nissan in years to come will be one of the few car brand to still have interesting car model to sell
It ain’t a Z if it don’t have that purr or growl in the exhaust. 😴
Decent car if you're too tall for a Miata.
Someone needs to teach Doug the difference between vertical and horizontal
One very interesting thing I noticed, the interior trunk switch is the same exact switch that’s in my 2005 Infiniti G35 Coupe!
Very intriguing car. I like the BMW Supra but it's too over-styled, and frankly a little underwhelming.  The new Z looks great, has good enough tech and sits with a reasonable MSRP. While dealer markups are going to take it into the 60k range and at that point other cars become more desirable.
I love the looks of this car, but that grill mesh needs to go.
This thing is an absolute beauty. I'm not one to obcess over japanese cars like your average toddler, but I think Nissan did everything right with this car, integrating many aspects of previous Z gens while still being modern, and maintaining simplicity in its design. Having a manual option is just icing on the cake, and I'm glad they went as far as they did to create the new Z. The name is a bit silly in that they didn't really give it a proper name, but we can't win on all fronts I suppose.
this thing need downpipes and bov sutututu
dear fellow americans, it is not z (zee) it’s z (zed)
its almost like dougs tongue doesn't like being in his own mouth, or that thing is just TOO big. my god
This car is not just a throwback on the outside styling. It's a throwback inside, and functionally. A very un-modern car in many ways. Some are good (like a proper handbrake), while others seem a tad questionable...
Like the back, hate the front
a little extra reverb on that Cars and Bids segment??
Doug spends 95% of his reviews talking about the car instead of actually driving them.
LOL Doug rippin around SD with all the soccer moms cracks me up!
Toyota fanboys will say that the base Toyota 4-cyl Turbo is “reliable”. I say, maybe, even though the TT engine in the new Z has been proven to be pretty reliable, BUT once that Toyota fanboy tunes their base model Supra, it’s warranty goes out the window with it. I guarantee it’s not going to be as reliable as they thought it would be once people drive it hard, because Toyota might be known for reliability, but that’s only because their engines are destined from the factory, and most Toyota owners barely drive over the speed limit 🤣
Nice car is it just as unserviceable as other nissans?
Even Nissan is better than Infiniti
A good Z. Not always the case these days.
in 2018, I bought my new convertible Z and few months later the top had a problem. Nissan dealer tried for year to fix the top without any progress. I had to sue the delear and I only get reimbursement for the time that the car was at the vendor. after an expensive lawsuit, I found it cheaper to ignore Nissan and stay with the busted top, so I did. Nissan can go to hell, I’m not gonna buy from them again,
And I took the mad v6 Camry guy personally lolll
I find these car really good looking, loved that kept some analog features and especially carried out designs from older versions
I had a '82 280zx specially ordered from the factory sans  sun roof which will eventually leak. It was black with gold trim and beautiful. My friends said it looked like a space ship inside at night with the orange dash lights.
Loving all the physical buttons inside.
Horizontal*
This is a proper sport car...  Powerful, manual shift, rear wheel drive, beautiful simple design in and out, great handling ,mechanical handbrake and good price. This car tells you straight, just turn the key and have fun as a true driver!  Too bad Toyota too bad...
Car is sick, too bad dealerships are going to charge you 65K to buy it
13:45 - That stitching under the vent looks like shit.  The interior in general looks cheap and ugly for a brand new car.
Love the shirt Doug!! I’m from the DMV area. It’s cool to see someone wearing a DC shirt lol
hard disagree on styling. the Supra is much better looking, most people cant and don't deny that.  the new Z i feel is a miss in styling,  i know they tried to make a throwback retro look but it just doesn't work. the front, the back is fine. but hey, nissan is used to making ugly but fast cars.
Sometimes it seems like Nissan only cares about their sports cars and just sells Altimas with 72 month financing @ 40% apr to keep the business rolling.
What’s the pricing? Just blue and yellow options?
When was the Z lineup a legend?
Annnnnnd it's going to be ruined by electronic nanny's like every other new car that cannot ever be fully turned off , sports cars are dead and they died a long time ago.
Nissan knows their customers well. Also Nissan “it’s 50k if you want an LSD, it has old plastic everywhere, and it can’t do a burnout.”
God damn those rear wheels look lost in that wheel well…
“The Z car” sounds weird because of russian Z invasion in Ukraine 😕
Toyota is a BMW. Nissan is a Nissan.
Got a feeling they used the voltage gauge because of throwback. Every generation Z with the triple pod clusters had a voltmeter as one of them.
How many paint jobs has he ruined with his greasy elbows?
Congrats to the design team for blending in the retro elements without force. They're all over the place but not out of place.
When you compare to the older z series.....it looks like a toy....ugly
Doug!!!!!
Nissan really took the right approach with this car. Leaning hard into the heritage and nostalgia of previous models was a great move, especially compared to bmw and the supra. Many of the compromises they made people don't mind, as old-style physical switchgear is seen as a benefit to many. My only complaint so far is the trim levels, they really need an additional one between sport and performance. A 10k  jump seems pretty steep for what you're getting in the performance model. Brakes, rev-match, and lsd and maybe a bigger wheel setup for ~45k is what most people would be after.
I’m happy that the manual doesn’t have a bunch of driver modes
AHHHHHHH it’s here
Supra is still better
Nissan still likes to make fun sports cars compared to other automaker
Infotainment is pretty bad. Sounds crazy that you can’t change your driving mode if u buy a manual 😂 The engine is amazing and it’s tuning potential I think it’s pretty nice. Hopefully we will see some crazy stuff on these cars ✨
50 THOUSAND dollars for a 10 year old land cruiser with 80 thousand miles?!?! That’s wild.
if the bose system is similar to the 370(which i would bet money it is), then its trash
I've been waiting so long for this review to drop.
Nice is this for Russian invasion   zzzzzzzzzzzzz
You keep saying vertical when you mean horizontal when describing the tail lights.
It's feels like it's missing a few things
He said there's no home screen yet when he was scrolling through it showed a "home" selection. 🤔
If my cards fall correctly within the next few months then the Z would be my 1st choice. specifically because of the manual transmission. Autos can be sporty but I prefer to row my own gears and a 3rd pedal as the driving enjoyment is much greater for me.
The Z loses out to the Supra in the quarter mile according to Hagerty's testing. Culprit seems to be the Bridgestone tires which aren't as grippy as the Supra's Michelins.
Proof that the sports car segment is going bk to its roots, which justifies why all our 80s and 90s gems have skyrocketed in value
Doug is the type of guy to mix up “vertical” and “horizontal.”
im actually not phased by the driver assists or tech. frankly, i dislike them, along with electric ebrake. im glad the z is a lot more pure. unfortunately, i am european
That moment when you realize that a supra is being compared to a Nissan z model car and not the gtr unlike the mk4 supra and the skyline GTRs. Man the times have changed.
No thank you
I hope this depreciates to under 10k in 10-20 years. My god those folks in 2030-2040 will be so lucky. 🍀
Doug doesn't know the difference between vertical and horizontal?? lol
Those 300zx inspired taillights are so sexy. The 300zx was a beautiful car and this is too
Hey Doug, verticals are up and down, horizontals are left to right
You keep saying Vertical when you mean Horizontal...
Me watching Doug caress the knob 👁🫦👁😩
Welp they killed the GT-R soo
Toyota: it's hard to build a sports car on your own anymore.  Also Toyota: GR Yaris
It might be just me, but it looks like a 2010 car.
So glad there's minimal driver aids
There have been lots of Z's on vehicles recently.
Man, that's a lot of cheap, hard-looking plastic for a $50K+ car.
This is the second time I've seen a guy this confident be wrong about everything he's saying
The most important feature of the Z Proto is the "Fairlady" badge.
You mean horizontal?
#NoRearSpoilerGang
Great video
This, the bimmer Supra, C8 Vette and M5 CS and Cayman GTS are some of the best performance cars of modern times!
Meanwhile trim pieces are falling off of my roommates 5 year old maxima lmaoooo
way better than it needed to be. it looks iconic
Vertical ovals repeated 3x? 🤨 Or… horizontal?
I have a '22 Q60 Red Sport. They made the right move using its engine in the new Z.
The interior on this car looks insanely cheap and outdated! Like, 20 years outdated! Ugly AF by today standards!
Hmmmm I think the Supra looks better, sounds better both inside and out.  🤔
I actually like the fact they used some of the technology from the outgoing Z. And heres something good about it for 370Z owners, parts for that are probably going to get cheaper because of the new Z, the manufacturer obviously gonna need to make more original parts and what not and generally I suspect its going to get cheaper to modern Z owners to maintain their cars. Not that it matters that much, I mean... This Z model actually shares some parts like heated seat buttons and window switches from a Micra as well... I do wish they would give more safety driving aids and refresh the materials they were using here. With that been said, for that price I think its definitely a better option than the new Supra, mainly because you can get it in manual transmission. Also I find it funny they put the 12V socket below the glove compartment... Nissan should acknowledge the fact that those who are going to use radars will find a way to give it power lol. At least add another 12V socket next to the USB ports... I think the new Nissan Z is definitely a car people should look for before buying a BRZ or GR86, and still don't want to spend on a Supra.
redlinereview got a 4 seconds in the auto. I don't remember the manual trans times.
Nissan is not a luxury brand. People shouldn’t be upset about carry over interior parts. Especially pieces like window switches and wiper stocks. You are paying for a twin turbo V6 making 400 HP mated to a 6-speed manual transmission. Do you really care about the wiper stocks? If you want to pay $100,000 for a sports car with aluminum wiper stocks then you aren’t in the market for a Nissan. They know their audience and built a car for them.
The 40 grand silver model hides the unique spear would be a sleek Z for a hell of a value. The silver spear is distracting on other colored Z models. Im sure im just being old fashioned in preferring that spear was less noticeable. Just nitpicking as the vehicle as is certainly is fabulous.   Thanks for the review
Lots of jealousy from Europe…..
great car but they failed on the damn high pricing just like KIA did with the stinger..  Elantra N is still the king of cheap speed
I’d take a 300z twin turbo all day over that 370 with a different body
We’ve gotten some bad ass cars in the last couple years in the US!
I actually think the car looks better without the spoiler
I actually think the car looks better without the spoiler
If you want to be first to drive this it might cost you $70k
My friend’s dad had a 1972 240Z. It was white with a black interior. I was 6 years old and I knew that car was hot!
Horizontal :3
This is THE most desirable new car on the market today, IMHO. If you could delete-option one to have less tech, no screens and manual roll-up windows, I'd pull my cash stash out of my mattress and head down to the local Nissan dealer today.
stop saying "zee" its pronounced "zed"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10:09 some lawnmowers sound better
This car with the supra exterior.
Vertical = horizontal.
Damn that’s ugly
@Doug Demuro   It would be my wish, that you’d review an Brabus vehicle, e.g. the XLP Adventure or 900 Rocket Edition
I want one so bad
The back and side looks nice, but man that front, it doesn't capture the cool look of the 240z if that was the intention... :-( Awesome car though! Proper 6 speed.
I like the fact that it is utilizing the 370z platform. Aftermarket will be huge as the time in RnD is reduce. Giving the Nissan Z a long life to look forward to, plenty of parts and support is in the future.
Can someone explain WHY every car has skip track, volume, etc... controls on the steering wheel, but I've never seen one with a "Pause" control? Like...Pause is so useful. But every car I've been in, you have to use the infotainment screen to pause the music
Yeah, I thought the choice between the Z and the Supra would be EZ, excluding the cost, but it's not.  I love them both. But the cost - I would just go with the best deal $$$$$.
Doug's the kind of guy who thinks Google street view is live.
the fitment on that passenger door... looks almost as bad as Tesla
Piano black on the steering wheel buttons will be covered in finger prints fast!
Releasing a car named Ƶ is perhaps a bit tone-deaf considering what Russia is doing right now...?
If they make a convertible version of this I am getting it day 1
Bruhhh this car is juts perfect I love Z!!! I love my single turbo build Z never getting rid of
Worst time to promote _Z_ *ever!!!*
11:15 - nice.
Presumably the oversized fuel filler cover saves damage to the external paintwork as the whole filler nozzle and handle fits inside.
So this is exactly my Infiniti Q60 RedSport under the skin, under the hood looks totally the same, I guess this is more of a "sports car" since it comes with a manual which is great but really the RedSport is a such an amazing, awesome car that I totally love, I'm glad it's going to get some more love with a Z skin on it. It even does the same little "turbo chirp" that my car does.  I'm really surprised they didn't port the top down/side view/curb view camera from the Q60 since I have that in my 2017 model...that blue interior is pretty cool actually.
Im now at an age where i can actually afford a 40k car, however, im a toyota guy, im having trouble deciding over a corolla gr which at power to weight ratio will probably be close to the Z. I guess ill have to wait to test drive both. The 90s are back!
Z - не самое подходящее название для модели автомобиля или чего-либо ещё в сегодняшних реалиях.👀
May I say the Alfa Giulia is grossly overlooked on this channel
lmfaoo at the heavy echo in the carsnbids segment. love Doug
I order My Z 2 wks ago.Im so excited.I got the performance package. After tags n taxes total was 54,300..I traded my 2017 370 nismo.they only gave me 14k which was very disappointing being that it on had 75k miles,but I just had to have the new z,so  getting rid of my old car wasn't a big deal.
if you have dyslexia like me that licence plate says dildo
Oh YEAH!... I've been waiting for this!
of all the new cars, this is honestly the one I'm most attracted to as someone who wants a vehicle to last a long time. the more traditional buttons, parking brake, etc. suggest to me that this car won't be a "one thing breaks, it's totalled" kind of vehicle
IT FINNALY HAPPENED!!!!!!!!!!!!
Doug: This car doesent have a home screen Also Doug presses the menu button to see it has the "Home" symbol on top 18:07
Ngl I prefer the 18s they look clean with that gray colour
This will probably be a hit in Russia
They should have used the Rear Nissan Badge for the Camera as well as the trunk latch.  I like the original Black Grill they showed.  I wish the car was lighter.  This car should be more like 3200lbs, I believe some of the previous z's were that light.  I also don't like the rear Z badge.  There are some on the C pillar, the rear one is unnecessary. I like that they kept some of the old switch gear is it an omage to the past car. I love the sport dash, wish I could put it on my Infiniti G37s.  Would love to have Oil Temp, Oil Pressure, Diff Temp and Trans Temp readouts on my car.
The difference between the sport and performance kind of reminds me of looking at the old brochures I have of my 1993 NX. Essentially it included the spoiler and of course the limited slip differential but of course that was up front instead of the rear wheel and of course the big engine in comparison to the 1600  I'm looking forward to it as long as the community doesn't BRO up these things I think it'll be good
Nissan proving once again that they are the Chrysler of Japan…
It should be called the 380z
Yessss orange turn signalss!!! I hate the red ones that are used in the same spot as the brakes
Love this car and love the color! Great review.  This V6 is really a great engine - I have the Q50 - I can only imagine the performance with ~900 lbs. less weight and a better gearing.
That echo though 😂
Zed.....
The saved the money on exhaust and interior cause they know people are gonna hack and mod them.
U must not have driven the new 2021 Supra that listed at 382 hp but makes 400 to the wheel on dyno the new z will only make 350/360 to the wheel
cant wait for this to be 100k cause dealer shenanigans
Based on the older platform..That explains why this one looks so chubby and fat. It would have been so much better if it was sleek and longer like the older model.
That's a mighty cool looking FRS
Every time Doug posts a video not on Tuesday or Thursday I question what day it is, I’ve just gotten used to the Sunday uploads and now he’s posting on Monday and Wednesday sometimes, I’m not complaining I’m just sharing.
When does the car get its braces off? Up there with the BMW beaver teeth.
I'm so sad it will not be sold in Europe, looks like a fantastic sports car ! This emissions non-sense  has to stop, it's going too far.
The taillights are basically a modern version of the SX ones...
17:32 oh my God, that is so slow for a $40,000 car.
That fuel door....IS YUUGE!! Laughably big..
I love the look this, it's not trying angry like so many new cars.
My big question is Doug how tall are you and did you fit in it comfortably?
How high is the drift tax going to be on these things ?
Great Job Nissan!😎
Good to finally see a review of te Neehsahn Zee cahr. ;-)
Only naturally aspirated engines for me
The write ups Goin be crazy good luck getting this for 50k
I really wish this thing wasn’t a v6, but rather a spiritual rb26 successor
those wheel gaps are too much.   Need to lower it
I thought the developers shall renamed the car from Z - to not associated with special operation. Because the world is going crazy now, you know )
A "Sportcar" we dont get in Europe because of Co2 emissions🤣🤦🏽‍♂️
Get Doug a V6 manual emira
Doug is the kind of guy to consider trying to get in the back seats of a 2-seat car because it would be a cool new quirky segment to his videos.
So you say the car lacks driver aids and cameras?  ...Good.  it looks like they really listened to customers, and they had some passionate people heading this project.  Its out of my price range, but I appreciate that it exists.
I saw this at the philly auto show.  Its a very attractive car, I think I would rather get a supra personally.  However this being 100% Nissan is a good thing, it takes guts to make a full on sports car by yourself nowadays.
Why did Doug change Dougscore for the C8 Corvette?
https://youtu.be/tNZ30cLKMno The Z is legit... watch the Z smoke the MK5 supra😂😂
Not the best time to release a Z  Just little bit traumatized because I live i Ukraine
Ferrari roma vibes
Nissan dealerships be like “70k is a fair price”
Beautiful car!
Is it just me, but does anyone else think the new Z looks a bit like a late 80s Pontiac Fiero? Particularly from the rear.
Unfortunate timing for Russia to be marking all of their military weaponry with... "Z"
Although it may be disappointing to see so many carryover parts, it's great to see Nissan's transparency on what's new and what's 370Z
My brother in Christ, people buying this car only care about Bluetooth and cruise control.
Is Doug falling off? someone of the shit he be saying...
Someone explain to Doug the difference between vertical and horizontal. ;)
Decent looking car, aesthetics wise I think I’d rather this than the Supra.
If it's a two seater sports car, with a good trunk and more storage behind the seats, where does it lack on practicality? It is perfectly practical on its own.
These things need some lowering coils ASAP!
WOW THIS CAR INTERIOR IS SHITEEE
Nice review Doug (as always).  I'm hoping to see a few of these at our local tracks and see how they do.  The Supra's are a popular car for track days.
I need this car someone buy my rogue lol
With that Z you're always ready to invade Ukraine
As a 350z owner today is a very exciting day
My 2014 Corolla has a better backup camera. Either way, this car is great.
One important thing in comparing the Z with the new Supra is the aftermarket potential since most Supras and Zs will be modified in some way at some point in their lives. Both the B58 in the Supra and the VR30DDTT in the Z are overbuilt and can handle quite a bit of extra power for fairly cheap. The B58 is turning into the modern 2JZ imo and can crack 550whp with a downpipe and a tune. Some VR30 tuners are claiming 500hp on stock turbos. Either choice will be great in both stock form and heavily modified, which shows both companies know their buyers. At the end of the day I’m taking the B58, but this new Z offers quite a nice alternative.
What a disappointment all that time they had and they came out with probably one of the fugliest reskins ive ever seen.
Prices were leaked at 50K MSRP for the performance trim with the LSD. So much for the 40k price tag.  Z boys in shambles. MKV BMW Supra better buy.
nissan lied about that 12v conector its been there since the 350, radar dectors can easily just take power from the rear view mirror
No Doug Score?
8min mark, Doug talks about "vertical" ovals which are horizontal. Come on Doug.
OK. So….where is the CONVERTIBLE ?
i like it. can't wait to never consider buying it.
I dont understand why the diffusers on new cars go so high on the rear bumper... The car woud look much better with blue starting right above the exhaust tips.
New Z vs GR Yaris? 🤔
the z badge is gonna have some trouble in Europe I bet......
Who is Zee ? Zee is dead  babe (Pulp Fiction) !
The wheels on the sport trim look sweet! Those look like retro wheels.
Let's hope the safety rating is better
In 15 years time, blue on blue spec will be a desirable used car
@30:12 of the 6 cars on my property, one is a 2103 V6 camry, you obviously havent driven one in a while, they dont sound bad at all. Its Toyotas version of the VQ you were just praising....
UGH! ITS ABOUT. DAMN. TIME.
i own three of these new cars, they are great
22:00 The driver seat literally looks really worn out already
Baseline with blue color and blue interior must be the best option
Finally, The Doug score is back
amazing car! im not really into new cars but this seems like a bargain!!
I hope they make an aftermarket radio cause that nissan media display sucks 💀
Was that a white supra you were standing next to when you were talking about your website Doug ?
please rename cars and bids to DougStore
Amazing car
Is everyone posting z content this week lmao
those are horizontal, not vertical tail lights!
9:36 The brake differences are more than just larger rotors. The Performance has 4 piston front/2 piston rear calipers vs the Sport's 2 piston front/ 1 piston rear calipers
I know the Carmel Valley hills when I see them, nice drive route to get rough roads down in Sorrento, some I-5/56, and some higher speed neighboorhood roads up the hill.  Good content @Doug DeMuro, glad you're learning the area more and more after the move from NE.
Isn’t “menu” the Home Screen ?
You can get a used Porsche 718 Cayman/Boxter for around 40K or less that will deliver a better performance 😉
Been waiting for this one!!!
Battery voltage is quite useful when you try to start your car and starter makes funny noises…
Haggerty just did a video with this, the Mustang Mach 1 and the B58 Supra. Mustang and Supra hit the 1/4 mile dead even. This car was behind due to its mediocre Mercedes 9 speed automatic. They then used the 6MT and it was of course a little behind as you have to row your own gears.
A body color bar across the front grill wouldve even improve ot more
The infotainment graphics look incredibly outdated tbh
Doug is the kind of guy to date a girl and then make an internal review talking about her quirks and features.
Little more money you buy a Porsche.
19:10 Thats actually a good thing. Its a sports car not a Prius.
doug any hint about next generation of honda accord coupe
In a world of milquetoast electric cars, THIS is such a breath of fresh air!
If everyone’s honest with themselves It’s very big and very ugly, shame
Why Nissan have persisted with this angular roof design language is beyond me. Hated it on the R35 GTRs
Really hoping the used market finds its footing again in the next few years. Not sure i’d ever buy this car new, but it sure looks like an amazing entry into the segment!
I really want one, might have to sell my 300zx and g35 for it!
It must be noted that both Supra engines are wildly underrated.  I would imagine the 4 cylinder is nearly as fast as the z.
How does collision avoidance active braking work on a manual? Since it’s able to stop for you won’t that stall your car if the driver doesn’t disengage the clutch in time? If at all since that’s the point of active braking when the driver isn’t paying attention?
I haven't even seen a 2022 Z anywhere and there's already a 2023 now lol
When Doug said "no drive modes" and "fewer available driver aides" Nissan made a sale. See you soon dealership
I wish they adopted the "Fairlady Z" name like they do in Japan. I guess the PR department predicted that Americans weren't ready to have "lady" in the name of their car. lol
Yeah I totally agree about the 4 cylinder supra is pointless to produce at that price.     The performance really is a great alternative to the Supra.  I will say the Supra is a bit sandbagged, and has some really high torque
Good value car. Nissan is stepping it up all across their lineup. But somehow their plastics look cheaper than everybody else's
I have to say I disagree about the outgoing Z's exhaust notes.  The 350 and 370s I've heard all kinda sound like farty trumpets.  Interested to see what sort of exhausts will come out for this car; It does sound just like a regular car currently.
It reminds me of the original 240z in respect to styling on the outside.
unfortunate naming lol
Can you please review an Audi TT RS. It’s in its final model year before being discontinued
Nissan made the 400z way better than the 370z. Toyota barely did anything to the Supra that made it substantially better. See the difference?
Most anticipated car review of the year.
You can barely see the HORIZONTAL ovals in the grill in the old press photos, it's just harder to see them. I suspect they reduced brightness with that yellow one and that prevents you from seeing the grill ovals.
Fugly front 1/3 but it has a manual. So somewhat OK in total. Just not a car you look back at after you park it.
I have a 370z but I want the enterior of the new z
Love the Z, had a 79 280z, an 84 300zx and a 90 300zx, loved them all.
Horizontal not vertical
Doug, please return the old format for the Doug Score. The current  format takes away all fun from the Doug Score and makes your exact reasoning for the score less clear.
Will it be available in Europe?
That infotainment screen is so laggy, how is that even remotely acceptable?
They could’ve don’t the oil temp gage instead of volt WTH
Nissan did what Toyota couldn't do with the Supra.
I like it but its way WAY too damn expensive for what it is. You can get a used 5th gen zl1 for the same price that would SMOKE that thing. And before dumbass got elected and inflation did its thing ive seen hellcats for 45k. I wouldnt pay more than 35k for a Nissan Z, 50 is ridiculous
been waiting for this
Z does not have more power. On paper it does, but of course we know BMW lies about power numbers.  You dyno this and a B58 and the B58 will put down more power to the wheels.
Being a big fan of modern minimalist art and fashion I gotta say this car is absolutely beautiful.
Nissans philosophy is always “if it ain’t broke don’t fix it”
I’m sitting in my 370z and the 400z is the 90% the same as the 370z😂
You say Zee and I say Zed.  Yeah that's right, you heard what I said.  Zed sounds better, better than Zee.  You heard what I said, so let me be.
I'm surprised (in a good way) that brand new 2022 cars are selling with stuff like manual seats. If it can be done without an extra switch, sensor, and motor I like it. Saves weight and simplifys repairs. -a guy who just had an electrical dash fire
Z, говорите... ну в рф точно завезут
HORIZONTAL  that's the word you're looking for holy shit he actually said vertical 3 times in a row.
Doug, I love you man but I think you need to read the definition of vertical and horitzontal once more.
the older350z with VQ was the best sounding Z car.
cool car, if this was released in 2008 instead
It's great that they're finally making this car. They've been talking about putting this car into production for years and years.
They shouldn't even put factory exhaust or intakes on it. Those getting swapped ASAP
Love that little printing in the glass "Since 19 *69* "  Nice
Interior looks a little cheap for starting at $40k.
Doug do you not go to the press release events? You're style isnt really compatible but I feel it's been a while since you've gone to one
It just need an exhaust
"very small, very tight, very tossable" - I'll take things I can't call my GF for 500, Alex.
Horizontal taillights
Z has a different meaning now thanks to Russia :(
When I was a little kid in the 70’s a family friend was co owner of a Datsun dealership and he always had a Z car as his demo and I would always look forward to seeing his new demo vehicle, which is why I love how this looks because I can see the style references from old Z cars.
Who else misses the in depth Doug Score?
It’s got oil dipstick, I’m sold.
Is this the first time Doug has transitioned from Quicks & Features to “Let’s get it out on the road, and see how it drives.”, while he was still sitting inside a car? Usually he’s back outside isn’t he?
Big fuel door suggests maybe hybrid model in the cards?
I would call those tail light ovals more horizontal than vertical 🤔
Damn looks good. Still when compared to s suprs idk man that car will come in manuel
I quite like this, it looks really nice. It reminds me of the 300z in looks and powertrain, that also had a twin turbo V6 option. Also bravo to Nissan for having actual physical controls for things like climate control, no capacitive pads or burying it in the infotainment.
Now I get it. The whole Ukraine special operation is just a marketing stunt for the Nissan Z. Gonna buy one now.
That's a proper retrostyled vehicle.
Not a fan of that grill
Nissan did it right. the new supra was just too much BMW imo
Thank you for bringing back the Doug Score, I really missed it!
We need the review of that GR Supra Manual 😆
Waiting for the GR Corolla to start rolling out.....
really love where car designs are going.   Bronco had an original feeling as well. Wish i owned this and the new bronco. I would be very happy.
Ferrari Roma and Nissan Z34, mosquito net front grills...😫
8:15 I think you mean horizontal, Doug 😂
I’ll have to see one in person, but I don’t find anything attractive about the new Z.  Looks very bland
370z is still being sold in other countries. Could also be a part reason why some parts from prev gen made it here.
I’m surprised he didn’t know that silver lining going across the car is supposed to represent a Katana sword.
I like it.
Horizontal Ovals perhaps?
Another YouTube video said the 9 speed automatic is sourced from Mercedes idk if thats true...? Dam thinking about it, it sucks a manufacturer cant make an affordable enthusiast car without either using old parts or working together like the supra
Always make sure to skip to 2:20 as everything before that is advertisment about cars and bids and other bs
The front end of this car looks terrible
Dude these videos are getting too long.
As a die-hard American car guy, I’ve never been a fan of any JDM car styling. However, I’m obsessed with the Z’s rear deck lid. They did a fantastic job for what this car is.
Devastated that this car isn't coming to the UK!
There's something about simplicity of it while stil being modern and well designed
Americans can't even pronounce Zed. What the hell is Zee?
10:20 sounds like a 4-cyl!
Oh man I've been waiting so long for this video
Mixed look of modern-retro car, this thing is very interesting
He did that on Purpose sat behind the Supra in beginning of video smart smart
That taillight panel actually reminds me more of a 240SX
Doug is the type of guy to sensually rub a stick shift knob
16:17 BRZ/86 don't have drive modes either. You can go into "track" but that only impacts traction control - nothing else. No way to change suspension, throttle, etc. The automatic has drive modes but the manual, like the Z, does not.
Very good timing for a "Z"-only car - Z is a very popular letter nowadays. Especially in some heritage font.
What the hell were they thinking when they designed this thing? Like did they have 4 lead designers and no grunts? You’ve got “Copy + Paste the 370Z” guy, “Throwback/Heritage/Retro” guy, “Curves/Smooth Lines Only” guy, and finally “Straight-Lines Only” guy. Nissan needs to learn how to pick a lane and stay in it. Maybe they shouldn’t’ve railroaded Carlos Ghosn because I can’t imagine that he’d have let this project release looking and sounding like this.  I’ll give it 1 star for being slightly ambitious.  ★ ☆ ☆ ☆ ☆ I can’t imagine buying this thing for MSRP $50,000+ when it only has a farty sounding V6 with 370hp to boot. I mean the the Corvette has an MSRP of like $59,000 and you get a 6.2L naturally aspirated, rear engined sports car. IMHO if you have $50,000 burning a home in your pocket just save up for a couple of months and buy a new 6.2L V8 Corvette or a used 8.4L/8.3L V10 Viper 6spd manual, used 5.4L SC Mustang GT 500 6spd manual, used 6.2L SC Camaro ZL1 1LE, or even a used 7.0L Camaro Z/28 6spd manual. 👆🏻 All of those would be a better choice for an enthusiast AND I’d be willing to bet that they’ll appreciate better, at least over here in God’s country. 💪🏻🇺🇸🦅   …maybe they’re cool in Japan. 🤷🏼‍♂️  idk I don’t speak Japanese. -_-
Russian Z car?!):D
My dad bought a Z back in the early 90’s. Bought it from the guy who claimed to own the moon. We met him at his private airplane hanger. Dad got to test drive on the air field. Good times.
Such unfortunate time to have alone letter Z as a model name
I’m curious on why they didn’t have the black section of the trunk lift with the rest of the hatch. Would seem much more usable designed that way.
The front end from the side looks like the Aston martin DB
Looks like it has duck lips now -___-
0:27 ... MOTHER OF ALL ECHOES!!! LOL
ok. now I want a petrol car
In a world of downsizing and electrified cars, Nissan brings us this awesome machine. 400hp TT V6, manual trans and RWD with all its Z heritage that directly reminds us of the older models. Well done Nissan!
Looks like a dollar store kids toy, ugly, cheap, Nissan, pass
Car is eghh in other words
Why doesn't it make sense financially to develop a sports car by oneself? Is toyota going broke?
"Knee-son"
Horizontal.
A z for people who already like Z's. Nobody else. lmao
*It's nice Nissan didn't have to go to another manufacturer for the New Z like Toyota did with their Legendary Supra and Ruined it by making it a BMW with different sheet metal.*
Anyone else see the oil pressure gauge at idle?!   19psi!  Is it normal to be that low?
TERRIBLE exhaust note. That alone is as huge dealbreaker. NA is so much better.
The rear lights that don't do anything are probably for rear fog lights which is probably going to be either a dealer option or a DIY.
Nissan: let's face-lift the heck out of the deadbeat 370Z, launch it as "new" and charge 30-40-50 f-it let's go 60% more than our crappy old 370Z and see how it goes.  Car "enthusiasts": I'll pay 30% above sticker for one cause I "know" cars.  Go figure these car "enthusiasts" paying more than double for a car they could have bough a month ago at a discout just because they are made believe it's the shiny new thing cool kids want these days...
The 370 has a vertical door handle too
Great. Another small turbo engine. Itll be worthless in less than 100k miles. JUNK
21:30 they could've had oil temperature like in the 370z
stunning beauty
Is really Zee or is it Zed?
22:05 Looks like the seats are really badly worn in... That said, if I had the means, I would go for this over the Supra. But, it is not worth the money here in Finland where base 3-litre Supra starts at 87K€.
That is exactly how you design a heritage sports car. Gorgeous. That black roof is sex.
Who would want crappy driver assistance in a throwback manual sport coupe?Doug became stupid  high tech gen Z.come on ,u can do better than that
I have a 350Z Covertible in Daytona Blue. Has been the car I have ever had. Hands down my favourite. Great steering, and one of the best Manual Gearboxes I have come across. It has crawled into my heart. This new one looks amazing. Particularly the rear. I am so happy to know that the legend hasn't died.
Can't wait to see Nolan J Sikes here
Love it. Hey, Noodle.
only 12 min in so far and youve made three glaring mistakes. the "Since 1969" has a dash at the end... that says to me that they might be subtly saying there is an end date... 2, the number of the z was indicative of its engines displacement, so why didnt you call that out? this technically should be a new 300ZX. 3,  they could have put the reverse cam onside the top of the nissan logo.... anyways, lets see what else you screw up
By now Doug must really be experiencing physical pain during an extended Doug score to not bring it back, people want it. I'll not watch another of his videos until I know it's back.
This really makes me miss my 86 300zx. I sold it with 350k miles on the odometer and it still ran and shifted like a dream.
looks pretty disappointing inside🤨
One of the few modern cars that I prefer the base model to the upgraded one.
I wonder if this will get a Nismo trim, I think red accents on this very nice blue would look beautiful
19:20 no driver aides, GREAT. If you want a soccer mom cruiser buy one....I've driven a few vehicles with hands free driving mode and it constantly bounced from lane marker to lane marker. I turned them off because I didn't want to get pulled over for DUI. They also sucked going around curves, they'd keep going around the curve until it sensed the lane marker then bounced off that to the opposing one.   Same as adaptive cruise.....I set it for 110 kph and pull up to a vehicle doing 90 and the vehicle would auto slow down...wtf? In normal cruise I see I'm getting close to a slow moving vehicle, I'd pull out around them NOT adjust my speed to match them. Turned that off as well.
They can't sell many if they stick only to manual.
We need more cars like this. Sub 50K sports cars.
It's beautiful
They did a good job with this car no overkill just a simple cool car
Any other English folks happy to say Zee when you're talking about American cars (ZL1 for example), but get the hump when these aren't referred to as Zed Cars?
The front end and the back look like they are from two completely different cars, doesn't gel very well together, at all, I think. And the wheels look very generic.
Feels like every single channel dropped a Z video today lol
Would have been really disruptive at the rumored 35k starting price. Positioned as it is, it's pretty well outclassed by the v8 mustang and camaro.
I'm sure that instrument cluster is from a VW - Love these though! I'm sad that they aren't coming to the UK :(
If they were still following the old naming convention, wouldn't it be the 400ZX?
Whattt, it's already on the market!?
8:20 vertical lol
Ниссан поддерживает спецоперацию? 0_ооооооо????!??!?
Doug's butt dyno needs adjusting because the Supra smokes the Z in a straght line and would most likely do the same around a track.
Visually, I like the Base Sport model better than the more expensive Performance... To my eyes, it (Sport) has a better-looking silhouette with the roof the same color as the rest of the car, also the 18-inch wheel design is better integrated into the car... But that is just me...
I wish Doug D. was my friend.
Hagerty just posted a drag race. Def not faster than the supra.
Doug: “this car’s infotainment system has no ‘home’ screen.  The video of the infotainment screen at 17:56 as Doug says this: customize ‘home’ menu.
Not fair! We got the GR Yaris sure but you get the GR Corolla AND this?!! 😩😅
Zeeeee
Poor name choice in the light of the Ukraine war.
Doug is the type of guy who describes the clearly horizontal ovals in the taillights as "vertical".
Honestly my favorite recent revival car. I'd definitely take this over a new supra no question
underpowered (for its class) ✔ technology outdated ✔ overpriced✔ a classy JDM
NISSS SAN. Not Neesan! This is going to be hard to watch 😂
Except for the front end of the car, its pretty. I hope the Nismo edition adds a body kit to the Z and some more power.
I have a 2010 370z and I gotta say, it truly seems that the more things change the more the stay the same. Awesome review!!!
Why would you want different drive modes in a manual? Lmao. Maybe to change the exhaust note, but isn’t the point of a manual is that the driver represents the different driving modes? You want eco? Take it easy on the gas. You want sport? Give it some more skinny pedal lol. In an automatic, yea sure! Put drive modes in there to change up shift points, exhaust notes, etc. But not in a manual.
Ugh, engine and exhaust sound terrible. Like a base civic
8:05 large horizontal ovals*
ARE CARS GONNA START LOOKING GOOD AGAIN??
This looks like a fantastic value for a weekend car. Supra is just off.   If I wanted BMW reliability, I would buy a BMW.
Yes! Now you need to review the 1951 Fabulous Hudson Hornet.
3:30 zyzz
Dealerships are going to make sure this doesn't last long. We already have dealerships throwing a $100,000 "market mark-up" charge on new orders for Z06 C8's, and $60,000 "market mark-up" on trucks and family SUV's.  There's no way you're going to be able to buy one of these cars for anything less than $90,000+ until 2030.
Camera is atrocious XD
oh that's culture.
Russians will love the Z
Carried over interior is good for junkyard runs, parts interchangeability, and the environment, what's not to love
Renault engine.......
This car will be not liked in Ukraine...
I think it is butt ugly.
I want to like it so bad, but the front and side reminds me far too much of a Scion.
That Supra isn't even a Toyota.
Me: "Who on Earth would want a base Supra over this?" Toyota/BMW Snob: "My interior is better!" - takes long drag on vape pen.
From Skyline forward it's been a race.
"I'm gonna go get the papers, get the papers."
i think that new toyota 86 is a better deal yes it has a different engine and lower performance but 50k dollars for the performance trim of the  nissan z  is a bit too much especially since the interior doesn't feel like 50k
This should really be the 300z, based off the displacement and historical naming convention.
I still dont like how this front looks like, the rest of the car is simply a beauty!
Oh gee, it doesn't have all the modern driver aids.  That should anger the thumb-suckers that rely on that dumb crap.  :-)
Right around 10:30 you should've mentioned how the number before the Z represents engine displacement when you were explaining the car's name. 240Z had a 2.4 engine, 300ZX had a 3.0 and so forth. Technically this should be called 300Z but I can see why they didnt go that route. Just Z sounds better for this generation.
So Doug, is the base Z worth and extra $10k over a GR86?
Who else was relieved just by Doug's title 😂
If these are being sold around sticker price, I’m buying one. Beautiful car with awesome heritage
"pretty much just a cargo area. Nothing weird, interesting and exciting."   I felt that.
Doug, Come Cars & Coffee in 22066 VA
THIS IS WHAT IVE BEEN WAITING FOR
14:24 hey, what's that first button next to the horn button on the right?  Is that the "driver is going to fart" alarm button? lol
2:40  Thats because Toyota is STUPID and thats why their Transgender Zupra is not getting much love, only from their "in denial" fans, you know, the ones that will accept everything they are told or given without any question ....  Denial owner: my title says supra so i have a supra  Mkiv Owner: but my Supra is authentic Toyota and not BMW cross dresser ...
That outdated interior is acid to my soul... For fuck's sake, Nissan... .
Trucks have "tailgates". This is not a tailgate
THAT ECHO
Looks like crap. Might as well be electric
0:30 church Doug
This car is not going to sell well in Ukraine.
2:24 skip the bullshit
I'm torn on the styling, some parts look great, some parts... Not so much, really not keen on that front bumper, especially the grille, I think it looked better all black, I also don't like the placement with the rest of the front end. I don't think it looks at all like the 240z grille, it's too big, not wide enough, and just kind of sits awkwardly there.
Putin is buying a Z right now
A blue interior is available. Because Nissan know their customers. Worissome when you combine it with the 12v socket placement for radar detection, the manual handbrake and the ESP-button, all because 'Nissan know their customers' 😂
Thanks Douglas. Can't wait to fart near you one of these days!
Not a fan...
This car is amazing- someone who can’t afford one 😂
anyone else just skip to the driving part?
Crazy how were just barely seeing it in production... I think it's already been making rounds for like almost 2 years
Going back to a long-standing tradition that began with the 240Z, LS swap it!
Doug doesn’t know what vertical is lmao
For Doug vertical=horizontal.
Typical Nissan… come out with a new interesting vehicle but it comes with old outdated tech and features.
They lost me with the Mercedes 9AT. That transmission is know to suck ass in Mercedes cars already. Should have tried to get the 10AT out of the Camaro/Mustang. This thing cost a lot of money already. They should have made a really a 4 cylinder model all motor with like 220hp to eat up some of the BRZ/AE86 sales. They dropped the ball there. Hell, they already have a motor laying around in 2.0T in the Q50. Tweak it for 15-20 more horses.
Appearance feels like holding modern smartphone.    Unlike plastic Toyota and Honda.
We always need to be considerate as to why they do cost cutting to make a car like this nowadays, especially for the enthusiasts. Yes, it's the same previous gen chassis, door panels, interior switches here and there but those are the small things that keep costs down for each car to keep it somewhat affordable.  Had they made this car 100% new from scratch, they wouldn't have even considered it because it wouldve been too expensive to make and almost nobody wouldve bought it, it's what happened to the MKIV Supra and since then Toyota can't be bothered to build a sports car from scratch.
Looks too "apple" for my taste
I wouldn't compare the power of the 6 cylinder Supra and the Z.  The Supra is lighter, faster and it's underrated in HP.  However, the base Z kills the base Supra for sure.
It would be very interesting to see if the end up making a convertible version. This was made as car for enthusiast who generally shy away from convertibles but I think there would be a market for it regardless. Personally I think it would be a good looking vert if they did
12:20 thank GOD they didn't put the weight and expense of useless back seats. This was always meant to be a 2 seater and I'm glad they kept that. I LOATHE auto makers who put completely useless back seats in vehicles.
The Chrome trim is supposed to look like a katana sword.
Will the car will be banned in some crazy areas due to the name?
it looks dull and boring , no soul for this car, nothing special...
This thing is a parts bin special. So disappointing, so many things that look like afterthoughts, that interior is shameful (outside the gauge cluster which is cool). The exterior looks so great and a lot of potential, but the overall execution is so bad.
This dude moves like he is on crack ...
Vertical or horizontal Doug??
Nice car but stupid name in 2022 when Ukraine us under Russian agression.
Gonna buy a Fairlady sticker to put in fron of that Z. Thank you for removing the numbers from the Z name.
i'm sad there will be no AWD option. why
My bmw 2011 rwd 135i 300hp 3.0L 6 cylinders twin turbo with TDC beat this car. Also is lighter.
Russia is going to love this car because of the “Z” name.
Z is everywhere, ..even on tanks
Are you sure its the new Nissan Z and not a Toyota Supra ???
Those window and lock switches they have been using since at least 2011. Have them on my Xterra. So they've probably been using them since like 2005.
Everything looks great! Except… it sounds like a minivan mixed with a vacuum😶
so between this and the supra.... i think the choice is clear
It’s a Renault,😡😞
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THISSSS FOR SO LONG! YESSSSSSSS
is this dude ever making soundchecks?
350z is always the best.
I'm completely fine with them reusing some stuff from previous models. If it means they get to make the car in-house instead of collabing with some euro brand, I'm all for it.
Nissan is such a weird company. Most of their cars are crappy, boring things. Then they have this and the GTR.....
no Targa or T top...which is a Shame
So let me preface comments by saying that I am cross-shopping the Z with the I6 Supra and will absolutely buy one, once the manual Supra is an option. On the Z: I love the looks and think it looks better by a small margin than the Supra. The (B58) Supra will outperform the Z in acceleration without question (don't believe the numbers as an indication). The Z probably FEELS better though, because I've noticed all recent BMWs, including those with the B58 (like an M240 that I drove extensively) feel numb, like sex with a condom. I expect the Z feels more bareback, and that will make the difference to me when I get to test drive them. The price point is nice and right at my sweet spot, since an M2 is now going to be well up over $60k.  I may slow-roll my decision though, to allow for the dealer markups and insanity to die down and see what the NISMO version (assuming there will be one in a year or two) brings to the table.  Another ding about the Supra is I have heard it is a pain getting it serviced, since most Toyota dealerships don't keep the bespoke BMW fluids on hand and have to order them, and BMW won't service it since it is "a Toyota".  I think this car is going to be a beast when the aftermarket gets a hold of it, and since it is likely the swan song for this type of ICE car, I intend to keep it indefinitely and will probably mod the crap out of it when the warranty runs out.
TIL Doug doesn't know the difference between vertical and horizontal 😅
Nissan put more thought into developing this car and the GT-R individually than they did to every other car in their lineup combined.
The Z name didnt age well
Slightly disappointed by the interior, that's a lot of plastic for a $50,000 car.
*Doug's The type of guy that does his Best work on his Knees.*
@ the 8:06 mark, I believe you mean "large [horizontal] ovals", and NOT "large vertical ovals" as you stated. Vertical is up-and-down; horizontal is sideways (left-right-left-...)
This car may not be perfect, but at least it exists and at least it’s not electric.
No Hydraulic hood holder??
*Cries in European* 😭
I definitely used that passenger 12v port to run a radar detector in my 350z (when I still had it). Nissan really does know what we want lol.
3:05-3:15  It’s not just about emissions on the reason why Nissan chose a TT engine for the new Z. It’s also about tuning potential. Tuning has become a massive popularity item in the car world nowadays. If the new Z was N/A, a lot of people would become disinterested (just like the BRZ/FRS/86) because you’re not going to be able to compete with anyone driving an N/A car. Nobody would buy the new Z if it didn’t have tuning potential.
doug. please bring back the old doug score it was much better we all want it back so please !
Wow, the Z car with no spoiler and in silver is very nice
There's something that just feels proper with driving a manual.  Even as he's talking and hesitating to shift, it's just comforting.
Souped up G35 😎
if nissan were to keep the number placement. it would be called a '300Z' for its 3.0 engine. not '400' not how the numeration works.
TIL Doug doesn’t know vertical from horizontal.
so much Z it makes you wonder if it's the end of the line
6'59 not to be picky but that chrome trim doesn't line up at the door seam....taking design cues from tesla maybe?
If fan service was a car
Happy for Nissan, the Z looks like a winner! Now for that R36…
Supposedly the manual version of the Z is more quiet than the automatic due to some sound regulations with manual transmission cars. Instead of putting longer gears in the car like Porsche does Nissan put a more quite muffler on it.
Slow. 0 to 60 is horrendous for a 2022 400bhp vehicle.
Me: Explaining the Last letter in the Alphabet-"You can still get your Z with 3 pedals" 😂
Can’t wait for the dealer markups
Legit question - do people buy sports cars for driver aids? I don't understand the need for them generally...let alone in a Z car or similar.
is it just me or does the interior look like it came out of a cheap car from 20 years ago?
This just completely reminded me why I bought my 350z. Looks like an amazing car, would love to own one.
Attention toyota, this is how you bring back a legend.  Unfortunately dealerships are going to mark this thing up to the moon and beyond.
Doug why you cappin' ?
It's funny as hell to think as underwhelming of an upgrade this 'New' Z is;  it still makes the new 'Supra' look like an overhyped, lazy and overpriced POS BMW mutant.
Good buy trumpet
I love the fact the carry over stuff is in there. No one wants to turn on heated seats through a screen. No one wants to change the fan speed through the screen. All infotainment stays in the screen. Anything that needs to activate or disable should be a hard button.
Cant wait to see how customizers make this look.
What an amazing car! I can't wait to get behind the wheel of one of these!! Great video Doug!
You need to show the exterior part of the car while you are driving and it make so good....
Why does Nissan still use a screw on gas cap?  Also oddly enough I don't like the black roof as much as I do the body color. I also dislike that silver trim down the roof line.. A LOT.
“It sounds like a guy flooring it in a v6 camry because hes mad in traffic”🤣🤣
OMG the horror of the 2 white stitches running below the door handle seemingly out of nowhere into nowhere and intersecting with the stitch that was a running on the door. Now you can’t unsee it. You’re welcome.
This car was built with the idea that it will definitely be modified.  So the clutch and exhaust, I feel won't be much of an issue.
When I first saw the new z debut  I liked it alot but thanks to such a great in depth review on it thanks to u I love it this car is a winner for sure💪
17:11 SUS
That silver sport Z is crazy good looking.  Looks way better than the performance imo.
Interesting... the new Mitsubishi Outlander has the same infotainment system, but has a configurable "home" screen of sorts that allows you to add things to or remove them from it. Actually has a high-def 360 degree camera, too.
This car isn't even on the road yet and it's already looking dated. The interior looks dated, especially  the infotainment system is horrendous.  Looks like it's from 2005.   This car definitely  doesn't justify the 40-50k price tag.....let alone the dealer markups to 60-70k.  Easy pass for me.
51,000$ more like $120,000 thanks dealership douche bags
The door handles are suspect
Why does Nissan insist on putting stupid looking door handles on their Z cars?
Nissan would’ve made more sells on the Z if they just did a 350Z GTR edition.
i dont think this Z will ruin the market. I hope though that it will make other cars go lower in price
The $40k Z doesn't come with an LSD so there's an argument for Supra, or even 86/BRZ.
Why can't any modem manufacturers make a good looking car? This thing is gross looking.
INFINITI will never sell another Q60 once the new Z hits dealer’s lots.
🕺
I was waiting for this one
This thing needs to be lowered so bad. That gap between the tire and fender is atrocious.
Nice color, nice lines.
I held off getting a Supra for this
Looking nice but typically Nissan put a low effort attitude towards it
Kind of amusing how this car reminds me so much of the MKZ. General shape. 400hp twin turbo. Same extra black section on the rear decklid. The letter Z. And the option to do completely weird interior coloring. But the MKZ has 4 doors and rear seats so its like an aww man I have to be an adult now sorta compromise.
now THAT'S a sports car
Great ready for the crazy mark ups on MSRP
Doug is the type of person to think Z enthusiasts wont rip out every single driver aid
Doug demuro on the daily uploads🤝
Yup still a fish car
am i the only one that thought he was trying to make love to that shifter when he was showing it off?
0:28 close your eyes, I'm sure this is exactly what Hell sounds like
******Doug saying large vertical ovals when they are horizontal
The interior has to many plastic surfaces
Looks good, could use a tad more 240/260 and a little less 350/370.
"Neesawwn" - Doug
Should have went with bored out 3.7 motor to 4.0liter and call it a day.Get this turbo crap outta here Better to get a 370z which will be super cheap,same chassis.
Seems like a bargain in US.
Bring us a nissian silvia
Meh, it's OK I guess, especially value-wise (if you can get close to MSRP). But honestly, as a previous Z owner, I fail to be very exited about this one.
Half the car is lifted straight from the 370, which was already behind the times as it was when it ended. It's missing modern features, too. And yet they still want 50k to start? That's hilarious.
Almost as ugly as the BMW 4 Series.
I think the rear styling is great but the front is a little too boxy for me. Also the horsepower is nice for sure but I can't help but wonder how they couldn't get more than 400. BMW and Others manage to get around 500 from a twin turbo 6 cylinder. Hell Mercedes managed to get a turbo 4 up to over 400 horsepower. Not that I'm complaining because more power is always nice.
Of coruse you can't change drive modes in a manual. All your modes should be in your left and right foot.
Thanks for the review Doug!!! I’ve been waiting for this one for so long!! So excited to watch it!
I love that it's not as over-styled as a new supra or every new BMW or basically every new car there is😂
Pretty sure Jay Lenno got one of the protos on lock already.
It looks pretty bad. No matter what you all think. Body lines are out of place, from and back not finished design.
I'm glad that 2 tone has been making a come back
Let me predict the near future: Dealership pricks will mark this Z up by $20K-$40K because they can. I truly hate car dealerships🤬
18:00 complaining that there's no home screen while he shows the home screen.  I mean it's not great looking but it literally right there.
You know a car is good when Doug gets that smile on his face after laying into the accelerator and rowing through the gears.
It’s also a dual wishbone on all four corners instead of just a basic strut. 👍🏽 Really cool to get that in a relatively cheap car, only other car in the price point that has that is a Miata.
I didnt like the side profile until I saw it in silver. Now I’m in love.
Nissan absolutely knocked it out of the park with the new Z.
The fact Europe will miss this is heartbreaking for me, stupid climate regulations. Instead of restricting fun cars they should focus on not closing the nuclear power plants ffs
Well i still like supra more but a good car for sure
This is, perhaps, the most overrated sports car on the market.
the silver line that comes across the roofline is suppose to resemble a Katana or Samurai sword, per Nissan designers.
This certainly feels like it will be the last Z
God this sounds rough. Looks good though
damn this thing is ugly take it back to the 80s please
8:05 Doug the type of guy to confuse vertical with horizontal
If the power train is from the red sport... Get ready for oil burning and engine problems. At least you can tune this for 450hp easily but this car definitely isn't reliable.
The interior is absolutely hideous. Looks like a 20 year old car, and that’s not a compliment.
Six speed manual, 400bhp, rear wheel drive.....ingredients for fun!
I've never been so excited for a review and I cannot even buy the car cause Europe
It's always in sports mode!!!
Is it just me but the back end looks more like a older Shelby or the charger
That camera looks good
Pass
Doug's willing to say it's the same engine as the Q50 Red Sport but afraid to say that it's also the same engine as the Japan-exclusive Nissan Skyline.
Glad to see Doug's knee getting a pavement break.
The third gauge situation reminds me of today's Regular car reviews Mustang video
At least it offers a manual transmission... The way it should be.
When u have a Z u don't need rear view camera or driver aid 😎
how the hell do you have 2023 supra already on your car and bids intro LOL shocked
14:59 14.1 MPG avg lol
Those taillight ovals are horizontal my dude.
I really had to learn rev match downshifting when the cars will do it for me now 😭
They just can’t build a slim slender low beltline athletic car can they?
You remind me of tyson fury
That infotainment screen is pretty oof.
Looks great but the completely rectangular grill is weird
tbf they really do know the customer base! does it have an LSD? glad they carried over the crappy interior and focused on performance and exterior looks
As an owner of an original 240z I want to try this out.
Considering current events I don't think having your car be called "Z" is the best idea from a PR standpoint
US: Zee UK: Not this shit again.
Can’t wait to hear one of these get straight piped as it flys down my street
Not a big Nissan fan, esp after the last 2 decades, but I'm glad they are building cars like this.
I look forward to seeing it on r/NissanDrivers
I'm starting to think VW has a patent on integrating the reverse camera under their logo/trunk popper combo. I can't think of any other reason why Nissan/Toyota whoever else wouldn't copy that.
400hp from the factory? Once the tuner/aftermarket crowd gets their hands on these they'll be road missiles.
its a Z not a C goddamnit
Nice car but definitely not worth the price!
It's still a Nissan. Toyota and Honda are better at making new vehicles. Nissan is just meh
Doug:  Vertical.  Me:  Horizontal.  Doug:  Vertical.  Me:  HORIZONTAL.  Doug: Vertical.  Me:   HORIZONTAL!!!!!
My man, those is horizontal.
hideous
Perfect Retro Design!😎👌
16:00  That's because your left foot is the sport mode.
Even if some parts are outdated I think that's how it should be in a heritage car, can't imagine adding for example climate control with screens in this car, the only thing is the price... Dealership will go crazy with this one
Kinda obvious Nissan don’t know how to make cars anymore
Nissan cars are notorious for unreliability now add twin turbos to this piece of crap 😂😂😂 2x worse 🤣
I'd rather take the old one over this trash
That "chrome" trim on the roof is not needed it should just be body color or black and that fuel door is a mess😂 other than that it looks decent
The interior looks like a Stanza.
As much of a dumpster fire Nissan is in general, they still manage to make a great looking sports car, and their v6’s have always been excellent. 280ZX is still the pinnacle of production sportscar design IMO, but they all look pretty good.
I only click to hear doug say "THISSSSS!" then I stop watching.  Sorry doug
Love the content Doug but the tail lights are horizontal not vertical 🤣🤣🤣👍
I think I like the spoiler-less and wheel design of the sport model > performance
6:50 that polished metal strips across the roof are meant to evoke Japanese katana blades
that car looks so uncomfortable
Am I the only one who thinks Doug is confusing vertical with horizontal in this video?
I thought I heard somewhere that the z would be AWD
the white supra at the beginning looks a bit suspicious maybe it's the manual model well it's just a theory for now
Wow diff oil temp
Doug said when you rev it out it sounds like a v6 Camry. Imagine mentioning a v6 Camry in the same sentence as a Z
steering wheel looks like the facelist c63 amg wheel
Love u Doug but those tail light ovals are horizontal not vertical lol
Oh I thought this was electric
Isn't "menu" the home screen?
Why are these tiny cars so expensive.  You can get 6.2L v8 pickup trucks with miles more technology and luxury for like 60k and this tiny thing is only 10k less.
"Neeeesson" Nissan is actually pronounced... Nissan, how bizarre...
11:06 Nice!
Could the back up camera placement meant to be a heritage to the 300 Zx cause thats where the keyhole is placed  in original when you look at 8:01
Doug DeMuro’s, video presentations is a lot like watching the Muppet show from the 70s/80s
The 18s on the sport are so cool, I think I’d rather have those than the 19s
Looks like horrible frankenstein experiment
It doesn't have drive modes?! OMG!! WTF?!?!BBQ!!
I am excited for the hype of this car to die down 3 years from now when I don't see 5%-20% MSRP upcharge similar to the supra
Why did Doug get rid of the old Dougscore model? Miss it
Load up on $INV/$AVT crypto currencies on Coinbase. Low marketcap coins, huge partnerships and news. Near all time lows. Low risk. Thank me later! 🚀🌕💰🤑 #crypto 💰
Nissan even did a throw back to the original Z’s by placing the emblem on the rear quarter panels.
Same vents as in the Sylvia S15 as well :)
Do we know the MSRP yet? I realize it's a bad time right now but I'm still curious
Great review as always Doug.  I wonder what wrapping the large chrome trim just below the roof in gloss black to blend into the roof would look like. Look at the silver Z at 8:54 and the chrome trim fades into the silver roof line looks much better IMO.
I really like how it merges the 240 and 370 together, de-fussifying the latter while strongly integrating cues of the former.  But it is kind of a shame that there's no fire-breathing last hurrah for cars like this, only a 'very competent for the era' effort.
Z is not a very popular letter right now
Can somebody please count how many ‘Z’ were said
Ha ha. Oh boy.
Finalyy!!
I’d rather have the Supra, First the Supra looks way better IMO. I drive a manual every single day, but I want the Supra with the zf, it’s such a fast fun transmission, also the Supras b58 has much better tuning potential than the vr30 in the Z. The Supra also weighs less. Stock for stock the Supra is faster than the Z there’s already a race video of the a90 Supra vs the new Z and the Supra smokes it, also the VR30 engine is easier to blow when modding vs the Supra because the B58 has a closed deck engine and the Z has a weaker open deck design, also the Supra has better mpg lol so I’d rather have the A90 supra
I think they should of called it the Fairlady
Twin Turbskies, 400HP, 6 speed manual? This will sell like mad. Never been a fan of Z cars as I thought they were enemic, but now I’m in love.
I wonder why the torque numbers are so much lower than my Q60. Hell, we just put a boost controller on it and after just 7ish extra pounds of boost im already 400+ for torque and hp.. interesting. God that new Z is beautiful.
THERES A TIK TOK RADIO??!!
Exhaust note is pretty weak, surprising since Nissan seemed to be ahead of the curve on their Infinity models.
Keep up the great content Doug!
Today I learned Doug doesn't know what vertical and horizontal mean
Russia love this car
First time this early
I love the katana blade on the side
18:49 lets be honest though, while it aint a crisp camera, it does it's job.
no one:  british people: Nissan Zed
Headlights look Mazda-ish. Other then that it looks great.
It's cool, but from the company that brought the first mass produced electric car, Nissan leaf, they really should offer a fully electric version. Any car that doesn't offer this, is already outdated.
This new revival looks soooo cool. Impressive design
It looks good, especially those rear lights. I'm not sold on the fitment of the rear wheels, though. They could've been more flush with the arches. An inch wider and an inch larger.
Nothing performancy about the volt gauge? You have some homework to do Doug.
Normal people: horizontal Doug: Vertical ?
...all of your "vertical" taillight features are actually "horizontal"...
Great review! Lived up to my expectations c:
its amazing 🙄
Dealerships will charge double because this is the last true Z before everything goes electric
Vertical taillamp pieces? 🤔
I had a 84 300zx with blue interior.
Massive fuel tank cap, now CJ would know where to hit to explode the car
Doug the type of guy to try car keys to unlock shopping cart locks
needs better tires, as per Jason Cammisa, otherwise the Zupra will smoke you like Dom and Brian against a Ferrari
Damn Nissan, over $40k for a 13 year old chasis with a 6 year old motor
At 19:04, he said “AIDS.” Less Doug Demuro, do what you will with that information
Looks awesome! Just glad they didn't rebadge an Audi 😂
cant wait to see what the nismo version looks like
Looks bad, just bad.
“Vertical vertical vertical” those taillights are HORIZONTAL Doug! Lol! Hotdog=horizontal remember?
I can imagine how some hysterical’s will be moaning about the pro-RUSSIAN name “Z”, haha🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺💪🏻
$10k for 1in bigger wheels, spoilers, and limited-slip diff?
Z  RUSSIANS WILL BUY IT.
😂😂😂😂😂😂Z boys saying it’ll destroy the Bupra.
The large black section on the rear decklid reminds me of the MKZ, not sure that is good or not.
Why I hate U.S.A because of their dealership which cost so much above the msrp
The tail of this car is absolutely gorgeous, bucks the trend of the ugly new cars for some classic throwback
ive been waiting for doug to review this
need range rover rear door trunk
Tail lights are horizontal elements, not vertical ones, but overall great review
BTW, Hagerty (Chris Cammina) just tested the new Z versus the Supra and Mustang Mach 1 4.0 to 60 for the Mustang and Supra, 4.2 for the Nissan. (All Automatic) They blamed the tires and the extra weight over the Supra. The manual is a half second slower through the trap
Alright!! the review that I've been waiting for!
All you gotta do is throw on  an aftermarket exhaust and its a keeper
Doug is so big now, he can review in his favorite spot, every other car reviewer did their reviews out in the desert somewhere.
MFs from UK on their way to call it the Nissan Zed
Should've been called the "400z". Would've been smart to transition the naming scheme from displacement to HP output with internal combustion engines on their last legs
I like how the base model looks more
*The new Z is slower than it's competition in the 1/4 mile. 🤔
The amount of stuff shared with a 10+ year old car that wasn't much different from a 15+ year old car is a massive let down. Really shows Nissan's lack of budget
+$10k for the performance trim is kinda crazy. I’d rather get the sport and just buy aftermarket wheels
I have waited for this review for so long
Better check vertical and horizontal, Doug.
The stitching right by the door handles looks like absolute garbage. Other than that it is a pretty cool interior.
I predict one of the first aftermarket parts will be a replacement grill.  Also desperately needs exhaust help.
body shape looks like lightning McQueen
That rear end design is just perfect.
THIS is the video I've been waiting for. STILL WAITING ON THOSE BUG CAMPERS!! 🤣
Doug doesn't know the difference between vertical and horizontal. Three times in a row he made the mistake. Very weird.
i like how the cars and bids ad was filmed in heaven
good riddance nissan and infiniti. this thing looks like crap.  exactly like the 370.
Thhhhhhhhhhissssssssssssssss
Why does it look like a new looking 2010 Dodge Charger but with a slight update
If you're complaining about carryover switch gear and climate control vents, then you're petty as fuck and aren't really a 'car enthusiast.'  But if you're complaining about being able to get everything this car gives you for $5,000 less in the form of a Ford Mustang GT, well you're just a smart shopper then.
Not sold in Europe. It's a crying shame.
You know its a good car when you see that shit eating grin that Doug has when he floors it.
Nice job, Nissan 👏🏼 I love the restrained, simple exterior lines vs the origami effects often seen on cars from Japan. This will age nicely. Three pedals, traditional hand brake, buttons and knobs… 🥹 sniff 🤧
But anyway
What a neat looking car 😁  Too bad, the Z won't be available in Europe anymore... 😣
Anyone want to help Doug with the term "vertical" vs "horizontal"?
Come on, Nissan!!!! THAT type of parking brake? In a 2023 car? I have that type of parking brake. IN MY '04 V70R!!!! LOL. :)
8:20 vertical oval or horizontal oval?
Doug is type of guy to lift weights to increase his performance
8:25… aren’t those horizontal?
These things are going to be MISSILES once the aftermarket gets their hands on them.  I currently have my 7th Z (...and a 6MT Juke Nismo...and a GT-R...yes, kind of a Nissan guy...lol) and have been saying for YEARS, "just drop the Infiniti twin turbo into the current chassis and refresh it a bit...that's it."  SO HAPPY to see that that's exactly what they did.  Can't wait to see a few in person.  I'm not a HUGE fan of the looks in pics and vids...I think it looks good but kinda awkward in some ways.  I always reserve judgement until I see a few in person, though.  I'm also waiting to see what else they do with it...the "Gen2", Nismo, maybe a Roadster, etc.  Watching closely.  :-D
I love this new "400z" manual cars will never die. Hopefully not
I wish you would separate your reviews from you cars and bids commercial.   I feel like I'm watching a 15 minute commercial
sadly the tech doesn't look like it belongs in 2022
What a weak sauce exhaust sound.
Do you think the russian "Z" will affect the sales of this vehicle?
I really hate the grille
Finally
30:09 true 😂
Please look up “vertical “
The silver trim going down the side of the roof is supposed to be a katana.
Interesting that Doug is pimping the Z's principal competitor Toyota Supra live from inside the Toyota echo chamber for his Cars And Bids plug.
Ugly. Looks like a 90s car, wtf?
I just think a CT4-v B would be better for visibility. The blind spots in these coups seem impossible to get used to.
Car looks great they just failed in the exhaust sound, will definitely need an after market exhaust or at least test how it sounds with a muffler delete.
Let’s see how much I care….
Day 30 of asking Doug to review a 2005 Honda Odyssey touring minivan.
I’m ready to not be able to afford one because of dealer markups wooooooooooo.
I had a 1979 280ZX, in 2 tone blue/gray with a blue velour interior. This thing takes me back!
Is it just me or does the car look pretty big? Either way, the car looks fantastic. Love the review, Doug!
I SAW THE GREEN ONE IRL AND ITS CLEAN
When you die and get to heaven 0:27
If Nissan continues making the GTR then something has got to be done about it. I say that because it's rarely talked about and honestly I forget it about from time to time. Anyone feels that way or is it just underated??
For my taste it´s too little retro and too little modern. it´s boring in between.
Looks bad compared to the 370z, and sounds absolutely awful!
The grill is horrendous
You still call it “a Doug score“
Doug the kinda guy to mistake vertical for horizontal multiple times in a row
The performance variant without the dual tone paint job and spoiler looks great. ❤️
This car looks great icl
I’m honestly disappointed in this car. Yeah it’s got good performance but for the price you can get a nicer, more powerful and faster car from other manufacturers. Also it sounds like a non turbo suv. Sad to see all the hype and inevitable dealer markups for this
Looks very 90's with all the cheap gray plastic inside. 🙄
Why do they still make cars with a clutch pedal ... we entered the 21st century 2 decades ago
I think you meant 'Horizontal' ovals?
I've been waiting for this one for so long, it just feels unreal now
The design cues from the past are really cool, especially the rear of the car.
The depreciation on Nissans z 350/370 is terrible...this will be the same...give it a few years...
One way ticket - to nowhere!
that rear end is absolutely gorgeous. well done nissan
Supra is way overpriced if we include the markups.
YES
"Z" - 🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺. Za Putina, Za Pobedy
Now, that's a NICE Japanese car!
Never clicked a video so fast!!!
Not feeling the Doug score anymore.  I liked it when he explained each point score
👉💨💨💨MANUAL WILL BE SICK IN THIS CAR 4SURE😎‼️
"Before I begin checkout this sweet echoechoecho"
The sport model shown looks so much better to me.  Smaller wheels and no spoiler is very nice.
Anyone else bothered by Doug mixing up "vertical" and "horizontal" when talking about the taillights?
"take a listen" rrreeEEEEeeee if thats how v6 with almost 500 hp sounds then I'll pass, this thing needs something with soul
Now we see why they kept the 370Z on life support for so long. They had some nice stuff up their sleeves.
It seems Doug has happily ventured off into new-Z-land. Ba-dumm tz etc. Anyway, Doug, the tail lights are horizontal. Vertical is upright. 😜🍻
Ïs there a Nismo version of it?
Ill stick with my 2 240z's. The chrome piece above the side windows is supposed to resemble the drip rails from the S30 Z's
c-c-c-a-a-a-r-r-r-s-s-s a-a-a-n-n-n-d-d-d b-b-b-i-i-i-d-d-d-s-s-s
Can't wait for the 350/370 prices to drop...
Reasons to like the new Nissan Z: 1.  Starts under $40k.  2.  400 HP standard.  3.  Manual transmission standard.  4.  No-Lift shifts Reasons not to like the new Nissan Z: 1.  Muffler kills sound  2.  Bridgestone tires, not Pilot Sport Cups. 3.  250 lb more than Supra.  4. Yawn-inducing looks (In a sports car, you want to stand out, not blend in.)
I understand that Nissan/Datsun cars were called "Z" for decades but, in light of recent events... Maybe not the best choice.
As I’m on order for a 400z first thing I’m doing is removing the Z badge… may seem dumb but Slava ukraine
Doug please go back to breaking down the doug score category by category, rather than just the total!
Why Z And not 400Z ? And after the Russian invasion of Ukraine ...
This car is such a cool one
I'm really hyped to see this new member of the Z family. It will be awesome!
looks cool i want one
Will be available in ukraine?
Wow when you opened the trunk I was shocked to see how identical it is to the 370z
You have no idea how long ive been waiting for this review
Sounds like a few issues the aftermarket should quickly solve for
Hate to be the mechanic working under that tiny engine bay
I’m not much of a Nissan guy. But this one is amazing! A legend, indeed.
dawg,  vertical is this |  horizontal is this -  the lights are horizontal hahaha
Doug be the type of guy to sneak in the Miata and Supra in a Nissan Z video to remind people Nissan knows what their customers want
those rear brake lights are giving me severe 300zx flashbacks.
Hey Doug, what’s the difference between vertical and horizontal?
Unfortunate timing to be calling anything ‘Z’. I think we’ll be seeing less of that.
The New Z/400Z looks so amazing, especially in the blue with the black rims & red brake calipers!  buuut 9 gears is quite a bit tbh...
What are everyone's thoughts on the 3rd generation Acura TL?
11:17 that’s kinda cool that there’s a dash after the 1969 to say that there are more models coming and this won’t get completely discontinued
Yay a real hand brake!
Future classic
Very funny, why they didn't just put Nissan badge on some Mercedes or Audi. Toyota did in this way and cut the costs. Nissan need to cut costs more than Toyota. If you don't understand I am sarcastic
The silver strip on the side is supposed to be a Katana.
The chrome piece is a katana
i am absolutely horrified to see how much dealerships end up charging for this. I'll totally be in the market for one once they're close to msrp.
$10k between the models is quite a lot, isn’t it?
Been waiting for this one
Nissan ZeeZ
YES FINALLY!
"Akuma no Zetto"💙
Mostly New??? It's a 350z underneath! 20 years old lol... Cheap. No reason this car couldn't have been built 5 years ago. What were they waiting for? Electric cars?
Common W
Devil 😈 Z :)))))))))
I love the new Z, it's a pure car and it's a pleasure to see that Nissan still manages to produce cars with soul and sportiness.
Front 1/10 - Back 12/10
This is a very nice car and designed very well, I want it so bad I love it already!
Mmm a dinner plate sized fuel door, let’s go Brandon.
The 350z is still the best looking of the recent Z cars, the person that designed it was a goddamn genius
Literally posted 3 minutes ago.  And I'll be damned if I haven't been waiting for daddy Doug to review this shit. In spite of my Honda/Lexus blinders, of what was once considered glorious.  Fucking Nissan fans..........  Getting exactly what Nissan fans want.........
Sad the Nissan Z isn’t gonna be offered for sale in Europe, all down to the eco terrorists in the European Commission.
I don't hate how this looks. Few direct callbacks to the OG, the ultra gorgeous 240Z.
It is made for east Europe Market?? There ist a letter Z on some vehicales 🤭
Coolest looking japanese car in last 20 years!!
"Doug DeGodmode can't hurt you, he isn't real" Doug DeGodmode: 0:28
I have no doubt Nissan went with the blue as a homage to the Devil Z from Wangan Midnight
Video's are so damn long now i just fast forward to the drive and score LOL
Looks like a fast car for a lady.
Even though it's not a 4 liter, it should've been called 400Z because of the 400 hp
Yesterday I entered your channel looking for "THIS' I'm glad the review is already here
THIS...
great name “Z”.
Convertible?
the perfect car for Russian war supporter doesn't exi............
In the 90s they had skilines and 300zx and now we have q50/60 and the new Z what a time
LOL @ a Disney commercial before the video.  As if they're ever going to pull out of their crash dive. Go Woke, GO FKN BROKE BITCHES !!!
I hope doug do a 240z
Clicked on this video so damn fast.
GR Corolla or Z ?
why is Doug now always in the same parking lot? he never seems to go anywhere lately, anyone know why? not a criticism of course, just an observation
I finally beat time stamp guy
Looks stunning. Glad they didn’t make it too “futuristic”.
Ily Doug
Such a beautiful car, and such a shame it doesn't come to my country the Netherlands. 😭 Stupid EU.
Russia can use these as main battle tanks now, the Z sign is already installed
Decent looking car, aesthetics wise I think I’d rather this than the Supra.
I’ve definitely gotta pick one of these up :)
0:28 i thought i entered heaven for a second
Not the best time to release a car with a Z-name 😅
디잔이 개 구린데 ...ㅋ
Bring that back funny but indepth like now
I’ve been waiting on this review :)
Need One ASAP!!!
Thanks thanks, Doug doug…
But I love ur old funny reviews
Ayy
Ayyy
FINALLY
Masterpiece
Dougs the type of guy to make the Z sell for double MSRP because of this video
I was waiting this review for months!! thank you Doug
Love your and carwow vidoes
Putin approves of the Z 😎
This car is so good Doug posting it on a Monday!!
Please review ferrari 430 spider indepth and 360 modena your car
Awesome design the new Z
I don't know much about this car. But it better not be the same damn v6. Something with more power would be very nice.
Doug, we love you Doug
You mean, reworked since it's still on the 350z platform, but instead of asking $28k, they're asking $53k.
Thhiisss is a 2023 Nissan z
Shocked Nissan actually made this
Nice echo
Wait, what is that white supra
Everyone calm down! Its happening!!  Daddy Doug is reviewing the new Nissan Z !!!
Z 😏
the one we've been waiting for
Very similar to the GR corolla, we don't get it :(. Great review all the same 👍
Can't wait to buy it 10 years later
I prefer the name FairladyZ
w00t
1st! 🤘🏻😎🤘🏻
Wrong model, Nissan, according to the war in Ukraine 🇺🇦
I'm happy that the Z came back.
lmao literally 1 second ago
Hmmm
Note the Z Performance also comes with a limited-slip differential -- another nice benefit over the Sport!
Ah yes, the car that made Toyota put a manual in the new Supra.
second
9th 👀
I’m so free despite of my exams that I’m first!😂
Been waiting for this one Doug!!
Miura🥺🥺????
First   Edit: damn 😔
Wow!
Second
Second
second
Finally!
Not first but close
Не очень
GIMME THAT SHIT!
hello douglas
Nice car
2nd!!!!
Second
Very nice video Doug!
Second:)
FIRST
Just in the mood for some Doug demuro
Second
E
Wow
damn
YEA
FIRST hahaha!
1st
Thisssss
LETS GOOO
I’ve been waiting for this review for a long time
lets go
YESSS FINALLY!!!
ye
YES FINALLY!!!
First
First?
Yes
first
