Install geothermal systems to heat buildings in winter, to turn turbines for electricity… which will suck the heat out of the clay, cooling it and the underground in turn.
Why not use the Heat? Why not use Thermal Heat pumps?
Mount heat exchangers under the rails. We here in Oberberg,  Germany,  have a business  ,ONI, that can build composite heat exchangers that fit under the rails and an order from London Transport might fix the future of ONI for at least a decade !
Hey, at least the Central Line is nice and warm during the winter. I wouldn't even bother to take the Central Line during the summer though.
It’s because it’s the only line to pass through the centre of the Earth. The clue is in the name. I read it recently in an online news article.
St Paul is still not cool😭
What I don't understand is there's a lot of offices and shops overhead, heat rises, so maybe they can open ducts to channel hot air upwards?
Cooler trains but what about those waiting for a train on the platforms. Many pass out with the heat
Scanning through comments and guess no one’s riden the Victoria line recently..
I saw a video somewhere explaining that it was impossible to cool down the deep-level lines effectively through any affordable means and that we were basically looking at a runaway heating effect that would make them unusable within the next decade or so. What's your opinion? I mean, air conditioning can only do so much if the outside temperature is 50 degrees.
great video
The colour of the Central line is red so that’s why it’s hot
Why is the Victoria line still hot if they built ventilation shafts on it
Where is Australian?
central line train now replaced cuz 1992 stock heavy refurbishment and now train has new: 1. Seats 2. Aircon. 3. No air pollution or ANY pollution 4. No heat anxiety (recurring)
They have service trains that can deliver gravel and similar materials into the tunnels. Why not deliver ice? Have a storage compartment under things like benches at the stations, fill them up during the night or off peak times. Should provide decent cooling.
Never knew there was a heating issue in the summer months
Central line is Hell! (due to hot weather conditions!)
Hold on, the Bakerloo is the second hottest???  Never noticed, I'm always in the cab with the drivers 😂
I don’t know why it’s the Central Line with the reputation of being hot, when the Victoria line is so much worse!
Actually, the Central Line is one of 5 tube (not sub-surface) lines that use regenerative braking - see the link below. Admittedly, the last few mph for 1 or 2 seconds do need brakes applied (as you can hear particularly on the Jubilee line), but I would think that contributes very little to the overal heat. The remaining Bakerloo and Piccadilly tube lines dont' have this - they not only use brakes that get hot, but also their traction motor controllers use resistive control to adjust the individual motors, thus generating an additional amount of wasted heat. The other 5 tube lines use solid-state control, which generates much less heat. https://tfl.gov.uk/corporate/transparency/freedom-of-information/foi-request-detail?referenceId=FOI-2080-2021
Why is the Central Line so hot? - Because everyone likes a Shepherd's Bush? *boom tch*
I wonder how air conditioned trains will affect platform temperatures. If you think about a domestic air conditioning unit, they expel very warm air out the window… makes you worry about long delays before the next train comes. Will you survive until you can get in the fridge!
There’s a really cold bit at Bethnal Green
Very interesting - especially the bit about how much the train brakes heat up their surroundings.  I always regarded the deep level tubes as infernal regions, though, and am very grateful I rarely need to use them these days.
Idea  Why is the Liverpool line under the Mersey so god damn noisy
Should use a chp type line. Run a heat conductive water line above the line and pump the hot water under hospitals and homeless shelters :)
Doesn't AC heat up the surrounding space?? - Cooler wagons but steaming hot stations? 🤔
I like the devil idea. Better pub story.
Central line trains are so hot because they are not cool?
I have the It's Cooler Below poster hanging in my room... and, somewhat conversely, its sister poster, which states It's Warmer Below. So, that's nice and clear.
The Victoria line burns it more
cus of those sexy cylindrical trains
at 5:35 he says "ice cold tale" while theres an advertising board saying "ice cold magic"
Hot and sweaty 🥵 people on the central line I try to avoid if at all possible. Poor old central line has lots of problems from being extremely hot and very noisy 😃
This video is much better than the one from HalfAsInteresting about the same topic.
Great Video.☺
I travelled yesterday on the central Line and it had air conditioning installed on the one I rode on.
Its not just the central line! I was on the Picadilly yesterday and oh my goodness i nearly fainted!    ...well it wont be yesterday tommorow will it?
UPDATE - TfL are now trialling a new cooling panelling system on the disused platforms at Holborn, with the plan to roll this out on other stations on the Piccadilly Line when it gets it's upgrade. One hopes the Central (and the Bakerloo) get these as well when they also get upgraded...
Far better in the day when the tube trains had OPENING WINDOWS!
I think Central line is possible still using on central heating at over many years now. That's difficult to create cool vents up there, hm??! 🤔
Perhaps the heat could be dispersed by means of a "heat pump" system, where property near the central line gets water heated using excess heat from the tube?
hello, there is the place at 2:33? thanks
The trains are also made of plastic which doesn’t really help
The video got me hooked on Jago in the first  place.
our air conditioning in metro is so cold that we need a scarf and a jacket in summer
Hot doesn’t begin to describe it. The District Line is the way to go to if you’ve got to head to Ealing.
Not only is it darn hot it's really noisy from Leytonstone to Wanstead along with being busy at times. I'm looking forward to the Elizabeth line.
Never noticed that the centre line was hot
The central line is hot because it's the red line obviously
Because it belongs to Satan.
Because it's got a great bod?
Because it's Hot Line Summer?
So, when the trains are air-conditioned, where does the heat from the Aircon go?
I thought bakerloo was hottest plus I can wear a jacket and jumper on bakerloo and central and I won’t feel hot, however why is it that the Victoria feels hottest to me
30 Degrees really, in Australia 30 Degrees is a cool day.
I often have to travel from King's Cross to Kensington Olympia in the summer for work; I usually just get the circle line to Hammersmith and walk from there, those trains are positively chilly, it's glorious.
"The Central Line really takes the biscuit. . .and they've burned it." :D
As soon as you mentioned the lack of regenerative braking, I went "ohhh." Of course. Thank goodness the Central Line isn't a rubber-tired metro like in Paris.
They need to replace the 1992 Stock!
So not all of the tube trains have re-genitive braking?   Here in Toronto we have had it on all our trains since the 70s
Never mind the air - conditioning, that's un - European anyway. But given that regenerative braking on electric railways has been around for a century or so, the lack of it on deep - level Tube rolling stock to date is a bit puzzling.
But why does the tube smell the way it does
The Central Line is shit. Can't wait for crossrail to fully open so I can abandon it forever. I already switched to it when I go to Ealing.
35.5 C. Is 95.9 F. Or as we say 96F. Not much call for decimals of degrees in F
It is far too hot, unlike the Victoria line which is a lot cooler.
I can't be the only one who finds posters about social distancing when travelling etc. incredibly grating when packed into an incredibly busy train, especially ones that are busy because of some failure on the part of the network.. I get it, its polite when possible but I feel people always have distanced themselves throughout a carriage as much when the lines aren't too busy since long before covid.   I guess I just feel it's unnecessary for when the lines aren't busy, and annoying when they are because you almost feel reprimanded for not doing the impossible, or that the onus should be on you to do something impossible. Maybe I'm just looking into it too much!
Are you based in East or just a lover of gants Hill?
the problem that is not ours, is not ours
If Hell was only tube level deep, I doubt the Devil would have let us build our cities. Unless he's cool with it and likes the trains going by.
Huge Fans.. ? Famous folk who like trains make the Tube cool? wow. ! :D
I like the fact it’s hot. It’s part of its character. It also saves me moving abroad to warm up 👌🏻
Don't you mean so shit.
I like the wind you get in the tubes though, sorta eerieee
Air Conditioning  can cause problems in older subway systems.   In Boston, we have a very old system with poor air flow for cooling.   The AC in the trains dumps heat into the tunnels and stations.    The station are not vented to release much of this heat.     The coming of AC in your Tube trains may be a mixed blessing.   The improved braking system may help with waste heat.    At least London Underground is addressing the heat problem.    They may change things as the new hardware  goes into service.   Good Luck !
If it is too hot for someone - they should buy a motorcycle :)
Victoria lines hotter
*I DONT KNOW WHICH THE CENTRAL LINE IS* but I sure know there is one tube line that is stupidly hot...
It'a the hot sweaty passengers!
Jesus Loves You!
Fascinating but commentary could be better.
Someone should take a CO2 meter down there, the CO2 levels will give you a fair idea of aerosol covid virus levels because we breathe out CO2 Outside in fresh air you get a level of about 420 parts per million, in badly ventilated buildings it can go up to several thousand. 5000ppm is the workplace exposure limit in most places, I'd do the testing if I didn't live in 'Stralia.
It’s so hot because it is the sexiest of lines
air conditioning the train cars will not help those on the station since the AC dumps the heat from inside the train to outside the car, generally underneath.  So when the train comes into a station part of its baggage is a load of hot air from under, the a/c, the brakes, the braking resistors, the motors all add to this.  The Montreal metro system had a heat problem even in winter (that's saying something in Montreal), they used a French rubber tyre system that not only warms up the tyres but uses more energy vs a steel wheel system anyhow and tunnels cut thru rock and fairly deep, I don't know how that ended but the times I used it, it was pretty hot.
Wait, 1992 stock trains don't have regenerative breaking? Also, I am afraid with AC on the trains dumping heat outside, the stations will be like hell - just like in NY...
Because it’s closer to hell.  Unbearable line. 8:30am at Liverpool St being crushed on the platform, letting 6 trains go thru as people are literally falling out when the doors open, people with sweat drenched shirts and passing out. Mind you, the journey from Woodford to Epping is lovely, thru the countryside.  Hopefully the new Liz line will alleviate the overcrowding on the Central line.  Best lines in London are the Jubilee and DLR.
Because the Central Line splits the map like the Equator and the Equatorial countries are burning
Of course the Central Line is the hottest. It is painted red, you know.
In fact the most dangerous situation is a stalled packed train in bright sunlight - they can get very hot and if the saloon fans (where fitted) stop the humidity & temperature can build to dangerous levels quite quickly. It is the combination of heat & humidity that kills as sweat no longer evaporates and people suffer from hypothermia.
The Victoria, Central, Jubilee & Northern Line trains already have regenerative braking so no reduction in energy loss when these are replaced.  When the Victoria Line opened the Tunnel walls were so cold that they were running in condensation and the track bed was flooded - they had great problems getting them to work for commissioning. The methods employed included running empty trains with no signalling system to use the Piston Effect to try to remove the moist air.
I live in 35 C. all of the summer in the southern USA. I’ve never found the Tube to be to hot.  Then I think everything British is perfect.  I guess I would after 38 thrips to the UK.  COVID permitting I’ll be there next summer for the Queen’s 70th Jubilee.  .
Cause of all the stinky tramps
Can I advocate against using air con? It's terrible for the environment, always set far too cold, and makes it impossible to dress suitably for the outside and the tube. Horrible!
Honestly they should just have a fucking permanent supply of ice cold water down there and it'd be so much better
Central line is soooo hot 🔥 I'm starting to feel attracted
I use Victoria and Central for my daily commute and I find Victoria much hotter than Central. I'd go so far as to say Central is not hot at all.
Bakerloo line is the hottest
Its not airconditioned unlike continental lines, Rome Milan Barcelona Valencia Paris Frankfurt and so on. The UK is technically a third world backward island
You could use air to water heat pumps, use energy to heat people’s hot water and heating and reduce heat in tunnels.
Very interesting
The Bakerloo is definitely the hottest btw in 2019 it maxed out at 42
About time the central line trains got changed for newer trains as the current ones are built from 1972
If i ever visit, I always take a small handheld fan with me,  you can also buy ones that sit around your neck to direct the air onto your face,  invaluable when the carriages are crowded
Nowhere near as hot as the. Victoria line.........
Ayyyeeee Bethnal Green my local station
Ppl generate heat, true
Better in winter.
You may laugh about "disturbing the devil", but Geoff Marshall has not been the same, since he did that Least Used Central Line Station video at Hobbs End.
Thank goodness I use Tokyo Metro. 😜
I disagree, the Victoria line is worst, notably because its the deepest, and the carriages are smaller and less ventilated than other lines.
I used to stand by the door that connects the carriages, with the window wide open, getting blasted by cool air. But I had to fight for it. There would be people standing there with jackets on and the window closed. Absolute maniacs.
Traveling on that hell hole is best avoided whenever possible.
Quite interesting indeed, especially as someone who travels on the tube quite a bit
moment of silence for the rude boys who have to wear two sets of tracky bottoms and a puffer jacket in the middle of summer on the tube.
Why didnt they priorities the new air conditioned trains for the hottest and deepest line? And surely the heat they generate will make the platforms hotter.
Audio was played back at appr. 30% volume of all my other subs vids. Besides that,good content,
there is no fucking cooling system whatsoever...they don't invest any money into it, they just let us bake while prices going UP UP UP ...London Underground it's the worst in the Europe these days, people slack as fuck, always delays, always shit happening around, no coordination, not proper systems in place...it's just a fkin waste...
The northern line is the worst
Is it because it's red and it's subliminal? Well it was for me anyway.
So is Victoria line.
wait so the new trains will use air con...devices take in air push warm air in one direction and warm air in another...would that not warm it up more in the tunnels.
Putting aircon into underground trains will only ADD to the heat problem, as anyone who’s travelled on the New York Subway in the summer will know.  Cooling the trains means spewing out hot air in the already hot tunnels. Doesn’t anyone in London Underground do basic field studies??
Cos it's the red line and red means fire duh
A: because its part of the red line district
Yooo Holland Park 🏠👌
Bake a loo line  By eating a roaring hot curry
i have to disagree with this , the victoria line is like you are being Deep Fried alive
Wont air-conditioned trains just make the stations hotter?
You have a spectacular voice for narration! I could listen for hours!
Yes the lovely London underground packed with people like a sardine can in a microwave all with masks on.
Gorgeous shot for the thumbnail I've gotta say! Central line is my leaat used line and I'm not sad about it!!
TFL is extortion! 4x pricier than most metros but its the worst
I met Alice Eve on the Central line in December 2019. The heat was my fault on that day.  My deepest apologies to everyone.
This is better than headspace app
Hot as in sexy ?
Cool humour, too.
There is no ventilation, rebrand the central line to public Sauna
Could you not install mini aircon units on trains?
Central line is nuts! I remember commuting on it in 2003 and I honestly thought I would melt. The piston effect and big fans is good up to about 32 to 35 degrees, after this you are just getting a heat blast!
I used to go from Mile End to Ealing Broadway , you can imagine my misery on journey 😂😂
💯https://youtu.be/KdTAOMlEa9E
Who wants to bet those trains dont make it for 2025
I searched for Foo Fighters gig and I got this video!?
I suppose there's no way that this unwanted heat can be put to any use?
I remember riding the central line after a heart op standing by a bit where the two cars connect, there was an open slot which allowed the air outside the train to breeze through and HOLY HECK it was ROASTING
This video just reminds me how much London fucking sucks. Lived there for 30 years, moving away was the best thing I ever did for my physical and psychological well being. Fuck that place.
A new cooling system is currently being tested
Sounds like the central line could do with a few of your fans..
I can confirm, the Central Line is fucking baking.
Central line is fine.   If you’re in Epping.
Victoria station has natural cooling - they use ground water to carry away excess heat. It's been quite successful 👍
Not as hot as the Bakerloo Line. Last time I used it somebody passed out from the heat. On the opposite end of the spectrum, the Northern Line is bloody freezing in winter.
very informative
Its So Hot ,Because I Use The Central Line, From East Acton. When I Get On The Train Women Get Moist
I don't know if they've considered this, but probably not... air conditioners don't generate cold, they just move heat. In the case of a fridge, the heat is moved from the inside cabinet to the grille on the back. In the case of these trains, they can surely only dump their excess heat into the air around them. That is, the stations. And the tubes themselves of course, but the piston effect will push all that air forward, since the tubes are narrow and don't hold a lot of air.   The other thing about air conditioning is that it's inefficient. It doesn't just move heat from the place you're cooling, the machinery itself creates heat. So overall you end up hotter than you started, if you take the whole system into accout.   I can't think of a way they could fix this. I suppose you could heat up water on board each train and dump it at stations or something, to take away the heat, but it's a bit impractical, and would cost a fair bit to create and run. Realistically it's gonna just dump the train's heat + the extra inefficiency heat, into the air in the stations. Making it WORSE!  A solution altogether might work if the stations cooperated, and mapped, then planned, the airflow between stations through the tunnels. Currently the piston effect is pretty useless pushing hot air from one hot place to another. If they could feed fresh air in, somewhere where they're able, they could let the trains move it round. Then once it's traveled far enough and got hot, dump it at some other station. Some giant vents for "in", some for "out". Powered mostly by the trains themselves, and actually SAVING money, because the trains will be pushing air that's free to get out of the way, rather than canned in the same tight tunnels, resisting their motion. Saving electricity and thereby reducing heat there as well!
Don’t remind me. I hope they let me work from home indefinitely
Sounds like JayEmm
Central line feels like the train to hell
Central Line is the Hell train
Must be global warming, all those overpriced electric cars will sort it out...
this is so funny omg I remember when my tube got delayed between bank and st paul and I had an anxiety moment in the middle of rush hour pre covid UGH its physically hell
hell is hot the central line is hotter!
It's funny I never noticed the central line being hot, I think all underground's are hot so never saw one as being hotter than the other
Fresh air of course is required to dilute the viruses, air con in the train will only recirculate the breath contained in the carriage and heat the tunnels. They won't include filters to clean viruses from the recirculated air because of the maintenance cost. Give me opening windows any day.
Nice name
I know right, its so hot!
Anyone else get this video in their recommendations after the heatwave this weekend? I avoided the central line like the plague 😂
To many ******** people !!!!!!!!!!!!! what a stink !
I spend a small fortune on ubers as I cannot handle using the tube too bloody hot
Because it's the girl all the bad guys want
TfL have so much money they should of upgraded these trains by now dusty seats and no air con not to mention they stink
To summarise: it’s disgusting 👁👄👁
The maximum temperature allowed under EU regulation for transporting livestock is 30 degrees. That is why we voted to leave. It was in the Brexit Party's manifesto. Nigel Farage promised us a hotter Central Line in the summer. He is fulfilling that promise. Thank God for a politician that's keeping his promises, unlike the other lot.
your dad sells Avon
Because despite world-beating fares and fat cats salaries over decades, there have never been real improvements.
"if everything's on schedule" ok so I'll expect it in 2040
This gentleman should commentate for the BBC.
At least not as unreliable as the Bakerloo absolutely useless and garbage line.
try a turbine fan train..a whole train unit blowing air?
you are the lover of my life ik ur so hot
35 degrees ain't so bad, thats like the normal temperature in Indonesia.
1:57 the poster is by Frank Herrick ('HERRICK' at the base). Cooper did a similar duo of posters in 1924, but this specific one is by Herrick.
east to the west fam i dont know you
The Bakerloo Line was terrible yesterday too.
Idk why am watching why a train station in London is hot. I don't even live in England.
Tfl need to invest in air con simple they are making so much money already what's they excuse for the London underground the only UK city which has a underground for centuries come on do better than that .
This guys got punchlines for days 😂
that reminds me I've got to visit London soon, not been for 30 years..so daunting
05:00    For a minute I thought that said cockfarters on the front of the train, it's only when  I looked up I saw it was Cockfosters
Because it passes through the Centre!!!!
If you care about the air that you breath, you wouldn’t go anywhere near these places.
A moment of silence for the deserted station of Queensway 😞
meanwhile during all this talk china has already moved a mountain.
You’ve got a voice that was made for commentating test cricket.
To answer the question on the video title... The central line is so hot as are every other tube line because TFL are too tight to spend money on Air conditioning to ACTUALLY improve the comfort of paying passengers. Instead they spend money on Covid propagander and ' if  you seen anything suspicious blah blah blah ( be it visual ads or irritating repetitive PA announcements . There,  Said it typed it  sorted
I worked in London for years, I miss the tube like I would miss cancer.
The underground are devils because they’re under the ground over grounds are angels
Nice and warm for the Rats
Bruh how come I ain’t ever seen this video
I love how this came up in my recommended. I was just in London and was shocked at how hot it was while using the tube system. I couldn't help compare it with Seoul's subway system (I just came back from living in Korea after 4 years) and kept saying 'damn the London tube needs an update' ha!
_"I'm never going to grow up to be some old fart that watches documentaries about trains."_
What Station is showing at 17 Seconds in??
So I read an article the other day about loudest noises turns out the London underground is one the loudest sounds and the loudest in the UK. VIDEO?
Just ask her she'll tell you
I suffer from claustrophobia, and no way would you get me down that bloody thing!  EVER!!!!!
It doesn't matter if it's summer or winter or autumn or spring, Central Line is the hottest i've ever stepped foot in. it's like there's no air con in the ting.
the noise from the tracks is often worse than the heat.
They should also cover the trains in the sun at the depot with huge car port style covers. They sit in the sun there and gather heat inside. The breaks only contribute to station heat. Stations should be cooled independently.
Because hot people like me use it
why is London underground very dirty, under maintained while India have a better underground system and its cleaner?
we have very cool air conditioning on every train in HK MTR
Can't stand the Central line  😡
I always thought it was it was because it is the deepest ....
I was on the Victoria line last month and it was like a sauna, so the ventilation shafts don't seem to be very effective.
Ethereum 😁
Because it's closer to HELL 🤭
The hottest and the noisiest. I hate the central line. Glad I don't have to use it often
Not only hot but  noisy too
hhuuu
Because it is red
No air con
As a Northerner, I always marvel at Londoners who keep their coats on when on the Tube. I’m usually stripped down to my string vest when I get on the train
Anyone tried some aircon?
The central heating line
And I was only using the Central and Bakerloo...
"Now to put that into perspiration" hahaha
Remember - "It's warmer down below ..."
I'm getting PTSD watching this. I used to catch this line to Shepherd Bush everyday. It was always busy, no matter what time I used the line. So damn stuffy too.
Huh, I wonder how that compares to some of the stations of the New York city subway, I bet the 96th St 1, 2, 3 station gets to 40C at times.
Central line: pretty darn hot  Victoria line: let me introduce myself If you know ya know
I used to travel from Bank to Bethnel Green every day for about 2 years. In the summer it was awful. Hot, sweaty and crowded. Thankfully I haven’t had to do it for about 3 years now. I now travel on the jubilee line from Canary Wharf to Westminster 2-3 times a week and it’s much better. I don’t get the claustrophobic feeling. Or the hot, sweaty and crowded conditions. Most of the time!!
All the tube stations are so archaic it’s ridiculous. None of it should be how it is in 2021.
Victoria line is by far worse than Bakerloo
Ironically, the Bank platforms of the DLR (deepest of all Bank platforms)  must be the COOLEST underground platforms, as they have the perfect ventilation arrangement of twin tunnel bores directly up to ground level. Always cool on the hottest days.
They've just put dark tints on the windows of all the central line stock. Not sure that'll help much with the heat problem though
I remember coming in from Hertfordshire, three hours on the train every day, cooking from Holborn to Tottenham Hale.
Has anyone considered the communistical approach?  All Thames water has to do is route its fresh water pipes along the Tube (space permitting).  This would create a heatsink, cooling the Tube and heating the water before being distributed as normal to its customers.
Oh really, try the Bakerloo line.
imagine just getting AC in the carriages
this is why i avoid the tube its such a trigger for my anxiety !!! aka too hot
Nice!
The best line is either the jubilee or Victoria line
in short, it's well old
Red colour is not accidental 😂
Also a smog fest, smelly 🤮
R u having a laugh St. Paul’s station so warm I was sweating even. Too cold 🥶 come on that’s is the whole point we want it too cold.
The noise pollution is another level just between Bethnal green and Liverpool Street there is an extremely sharp noise to the ear  that surly not safe when someone comutes on regular basis!!!
Its always amazed me how hot it is
Hot or HAWWTT 0:02 O_O
I have never found the Central Line in any way attractive!
I come for the trains and stay for the stumble-puns.
Why is London so hot? EMF!
No idea why I watched this but it was absolutely amazing 😂
No one:  The Central Line: *SCREEEEEEEECH*
Fire is hot.
Because we’re on it am I right guys up top!👋🏻
now do one on "why is the central line is so loud", I can't use the central line without wearing noise cancelling headphones is soooo loud makes my ears bleed
Natural ventilation is better than air conditioning that is complex and energy hungry!
35? Try working in an engine room on a ship!!!
Next video: Central Line, Best Line For Catching Coronavirus.
Because it runs on central heating
You have a central line fetish?
Nice video
The New Tube for London project started around 2011 and was announced in 2016-17; the trains were meant to slowly start entering service in 2020. In 2019, this was delayed to 2025.
I avoid the central line where possible because it's unbearable in the summer. The northern line gets a bit toasty as well when it's in zone 1/2 at some stations.
it's hot because it's just ~that~ long. i'm sorry i have the mentality of a five year old
Very interesting, thanks :)
It’s volcanic heat. It’s underground, there will be lava down there. Find the lava and pour water on it, it’s actually quite simple - follow any orange glow
I despise the tube.  I'd rather set out and hour/hour and a half earlier and take the damn bus 😒
I'm on there that's why :)
The breeze on the escalators/corridors mostly makes up for the heat.
you totally missed the fact its the trains themselves acting as storage heaters.
Another good question to ask/discuss would be why is the Piccadilly line tubes so dirty ❓😳
Central line is the 5th circle of hell EXCEPT FOR ST PAULS BABYYYY
My first job in London I commuted 3 tubes - central line to Oxford Circus, change to Victoria line, change to northern line. I did this for 6 months before I gave up and moved closer to work. The central line was so hot during that summer that I fainted twice on the way back, and took a change of clothes to work because I would sweat through everything I had on by the time I got there. I don’t miss it at all! Hell on earth. And always stuck behind another train in a tunnel somewhere for 30 mins on the way home. Lol.
Jubilee, Victoria and Northern Line (Bank branch) have their hot moments too
I’ve been dealing with this heat for 19 years of my career. I will not miss it when those fancy new trains come in.
I don't care why but please can someone tell me when is it going to stop? Any aircon ideas perhaps?   Lord save us all inside of this oven.
Adding air conditioning to the trains will make the tunnels and stations hotter
Love the bakerloo line
Cubs
TFL has no money. It was in a mess before Covid. It is in a worse mess now.  Last year they were in £11 billion debt.  TFL who run LUL are a top heavy money eating monster. They could make a mess of the most profitable company.  Every car has to pay £12 to drive into central London.  This goes to TFL. Covid has killed a lot of this as well as reduced the amount of tube travel.   https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-54652907
Lol
Shout-out metropolitan line for being breezy af
Cool! Question for you, where does the third tunnel looking southbound at Golders Green station go to?
I think someone is suggesting that  AC should be installed on all tube trains. I think  it may need replacing the cables which may be quite a task as  I guess they may like not to touch it.
Always hated the central line, so loud and too hot whilst being the most packed. 🥵
So the solution is aircon. What a revelation. All the trains here in Tokyo have aircon and it's pleasant, even during the hot and humid summer.
Cos it’s wearing a g string underneath
EU regulations have no relevance to a railway in the UK.  TfL is Transport for London.
My abiding memory of the Central line in hot weather is hopping from Oxford Circus to St. Paul's. It got packed. Holding onto a grip, there was this guy doing the same but he was wearing a t-shirt. His armpit was an inch or so from my nose. The smell was one thing but my nose started to itch. I tried wriggling my nose but failed and then started to sniff. Never been so glad to get off a tube train before.
Now make a video on why the central line is so loud
Lucky summer has never visited London
I calculated placing air outlets in the tube exit with heat exchangers built in would generate enough thermal power to power the station but my boss ignored me
EU regulations for livestock transportation are no longer relevant. UK voted for this, it's a cold island, an occasional bit of heat is not going to harm any local.
Thanks very much for the explanation, very interesting indeed.
Cos it’s sexci
5:38 “…ice cold tale…”  Look at the top line from the poster on the right… 😳
Nothing beats the wind slap you get while going up the escalator in Tottenham hale station
EU regulations temp. limit for transportation of livestock: 30C -- now we know the real motivation for Brexit
I'm sorry but the bakerloo line is by far the hottest
Because I'm on it
The subway is one of the coldest places in the city I live in 🤣
Set playback speed to 1.25 for a normal viewing.
Its Hot, Because Its Sexy
If the U.K. is having problems cooling its underground railways, dear lord help us in hotter nations that will soon be seeing more serious extreme heat events.
The Victoria line is hotter I’m sure
"Trains get refreshed every 2 minutes"    Central line: what does it say?? Meh prolly
what a boring monotonous voice this dude has
The algorithm directed me to this video, and for once I'm quite happy about it. I didn't realise that I wanted to learn about the London Underground cooling systems, but clearly the all-knowing algorithm knows better I do. Liked and subscribed!
There is AC now in the trains no ? In Paris some have, and other don't
Why wasn't... air conditioning the first choice? As an American I'm baffled by this. We have A/C everywhere. On trains as well.
Funny enough, when I travelled the underground system as a student in the 90's, my main fear was being attacked by some nutter. There were lots of nutters back then. It was such a dangerous place that an extra few degrees C wasn't even noticeable. As long as I got off, where I was supposed to get off, without being harassed by some drunk or druggie, that was chalked down as a good day. Even with the dangers though, I loved the underground and the Central line was my line.. South Woodford my station.
your narration is excellent, clear and comforting voice, many thanx for everything dear Jago
In India the tube train drivers would leave the carriage doors open to ventilate the train as it moved along but those dreadful Health & Safety people have said that this is a very naughty thing to do now in the UK
You think the Central Line is hot? Try the Victoria line.
Very good
Slightly surprising that the Central Line is the hottest, given the rising gradient approaching each station and the fall on exit. You'd think that there'd be less heat generated by braking and less power needed to accelerate.I believe that not all the other deep level lines have this feature.
lot of stinky people on there now
You're full of jokes on this one 😂
:30    35.5c = 95.9f
Back in the early nineties, it wasn't too bad. Fewer people were travelling then.
Yk all this talk about the Central Line having some form of demonic influence in the comments as I'm going through them is pretty ironic in a sense considering a disturbing-ish dream I had involving the Central Line last night. Which is weird considering I've never even been to London.
I should be used to your impressive deep dives by now, but breaking down the different cooling systems really is a whole new level of detail
Cuz there are many sexy girls! Look at 0:06!
I suggest that you look at the St Petersburg metro, before you take in the British excuse that we can't do this or do that. The truth is they don't want to spend money on it.
new trains are not for the central line, they are for the piccadilly and bakerloo lines. The central line trains are not due to be replaced yet, they are from 1995, still fairly new compared to the other 2 lines mentioned.
Hot means hot!
I'm surprised it took so long for them to start using heat pumps at some of the stations to cool it down.
Because British Engineering is shit?
And we are back again with another episode of why Tf did I get a notification for this
It’s so weird how subway stations are on the level ground in London lol, in my city there are stairs in the middle of the sidewalks, and that’s it lol, the whole stations are underground
Because HELL IS ABOVE
i think it's creepy underground and i tend to avoid trains, even the ones overground
Who the fuck says centigrade
It is hot because I farted and everything started decaying.
This explains a lot, I always wondered why aren’t all stations like the Jubilee Line but realise it’s not as easy to do for other stations
That is probably OK. Human beings are able to cope with much higher temperatures than livestock - they have a lot more sweat glands you know.
God bless the YouTube algotithm for this video
In the meantime I'm never even going to London, let alone on the Tube.
Fun fact: In my dreams I replace the ‘central line’ bit from the title with ‘my girlfriend’
I'm Canadian and was commuting to work on the Victoria in the spring. How y'all survive hotter is completely beyond me
This is so weird to me because the Hamburg underground is always at a near-constant temperature, probably somewhere between 10 and 15 degrees.
1:05 I remember that quote from the ending scene of the "Ghosts on the Underground" documentary!
this was where i learnt not all subways had AC
Unless I missed it he didn’t explain why the tube is so hot, apart from stating that about one third of the heat comes from train brakes. I assume the ground is warmer at that depth, and the body heat of passengers adds to the heat.
Terror Tales from the Tube!
It's nice standing with windows open between carrages while your screaming along the underground , only respite from the heat , too many passengers aswell all that body heat cant help
MORE LIKE A RED HOT CHILLI-PEPPER TALE!!! Is that what the red on the Central Line Represents?
It's very close to Hell.
There's also a new system on the Northern Line, at the disused City Road station, that extracts warm air from the tunnels and uses it to heat water, helping to heat nearby buildings.  That's what we should be doing, rather than using more energy to cool air and pump it into the tunnels.
Hi
I'm sweating just watching this video and getting flashbacks
Thank god for covid.. Saved us from the heatwave last summer on the tube and the hot buses too
That was pretty interesting thanx 4 sharing that
Your sense of humour is the best
Central heating line...
So many foreigners. London has been lost.
I LOVE how you make something which should be so dull so interesting. Love your videos.
I assume it's because there's no space underneath or on top of the trains to install air conditioning (I bet those new trains with air conditioning will have less space inside the trains because there's nowhere else to put it). Plus the wiring is too antiquated to put air conditioning in the stations.   If it's hot outside, fans and ventilation shafts don't do much beyond just pushing hot air around.
A great review, and thanks for sharing. Have to say, taking the central line in summer is like getting off a plane in Dubai.
Where did you find a central line train in that good condition? They all knackered now.
Every deep-level line is very hot
….
As an Aussie expat in the UK I'm quietly chuckling at this! 30c...oh no!
If the trains have air conditioning, where will the heat go?  Into the surrounding air, that’s where.
Because I travel on that line 😁. I always have a spare shirt in my brief case during summertime. Shepherds Bush to Bank. Great video  joking aside. Thank you.
Are you telling me that your deep level lines DON’T have air conditioning???
good to know that if by some grave misfortune I'm still in London in 4 years I can actually change home or job to somewhere that'll take me along the central line and not actually want to vomit the enitre duration of the commute.
What is preventing the use of airconditioner?
Too many cables on the Underground and that’s why Elephant and Castle was on fire so the issue will repeat itself every year
Air conditioned trains will make the tunnels themselves hotter - being that they will now have all the heat from inside the trains plus the power expended in moving it from inside the train to outside it. Energy isn't destroyed, it's either changed from one form to another, or moved about
Trouble with air conditioning the trains is, air con actually produces *more* heat in total, so any cooling inside the carriages will be countered by a greater amount of heat in the tunnels.
I avoid the central line like the plague for this reason, however sometimes its unavoidable
Central line is so hot that even the creator of the tube map put this line on red colour
Maybe the Transport for London Commissioner - 'Andy' Byford (Salary 370k) can answer this??
One problem with train A/C. The car interiors may be cooler, but all that heat removed from the trains will be rejected into the tunnels and stations. That will likely negate any advantage offered by regenerative braking versus dynamic braking through resistors. Ride will be comfortable, but the wait on the platform will be oppressive.  This is the primary reason why the Montreal metro’s latest rolling stock still does not have A/C.
Hell in so many ways......
Thank you
Very curious to see how effective air conditioning is in tunnels deep underground. As far as I know, air-conditioned trains in narrow tunnels just make the surrounding air warmer and warmer because the heat can't go anywhere.
How is air conditioning on trains going to help? Moving heat around generates more heat, like how cooling your fridge causes it to get hot at the back. So where is that gonna go if it's all one system with no vents? It will just make the platforms hotter.
I always read Jules Verne Journey To The Centre of ghe Earth when riding the Central Line at the height of summer to take my mind of it, hic
We all know that the bakerloo line is the hottest
Because it passes close to a gigantic fusion reactor built by the mole people.
Don't forget, if you start feeling dizzy and out of breath, you must protect yourself with a face nappy.  😁
basically air quality on the central line is in the minus. extremely bad air quality from the trains and people breathing.
*!@?
I don't mind it at all.
when i went on the central line to bank to go on the waterloo & city line for the first time, i found it quite hot on the central line
They’re about to introduce the air conditioning train for the future
I used to go from Leyton to Oxford Circus 5 days a week and sometimes during the summer, it was unbearable. Remember getting stuck in the tunnel one evening during rush hour for nearly 2 hours....a couple of people passed out. So glad I don't have to do it now as it's so much worse with more people using it and it's not surprising how much healthier you feel once you stop using it.
I got pissed and got the last train from Woodford, fell asleep past tottenham crt Road.  Ended up west Ruislip, end of the line. Weren't happy as lived in Watford
C in temperature stands for Celsius not Centigrade. All Centigrade means is" in increments of 100" and its not a celsius synonym. its purely british invention as they still struggling to fully adopt metrical system.
The mind Boggles. South-East Queensland - Typical Summer Temperature 33 degrees [24 to 26 overnight]. Underground route about 2 Kilometres. All trains comfortable. Sometimes too-hot in the Sun on the platform. Solution, everything but the outdoor platforms are air-conditioned - this was REALLY, REALLY, REALLY Hard to achieve, so amazing, much incredible, very Air-con.
The addition of air conditioning on the new stock won't be of any help when standing on the platform. It will even get worse when the air conditioners expel their heat in the tubes. Luckily the trains run on a very high interval :)
Too hot Hot damn
Dubai has better trains
Heat exchangers are the way forward.
Ask Geoff Marshall. He knows why the Central Line is so hot. Because it is the most hottest tube line on the London Underground. And what is the coldest tube line or the coolest tube line on the London Underground. If the Central Line is the hottest tube line.
It’s weird just watching this I can smell the oil lol 😂
Air conditioning the cars dumps yet more heat into the tunnels, and ultimately the platforms.
At last an explanation for why it is so bloody hot on the central line! If the new livestock, I mean rolling stock is cooler and Quieter it will be great. Thank you Jago for your first rate explanation.
*Mid 2020s passengers* "Oh, it's so cold down here, I want my money back" 💚🐇🐴💚
I’m from Australia and I’ve never been so hot as when I’m using the Tube. I usually get comments like “it must be hot if the Australian is complaining” 😄
Entirely serious suggestion, build a tube train that just carries tons and tons of ice, and when it stops in a station it puts the ice into big bunkers on the platform. Problem solved. New problem, tube network flooding.  Also you should totally make the middle section of the ice train have a window in the side and a man selling magnums and heroin, as is British tradition.
I was under the impression that air conditioning was impossible, or even counter-productive on deep level lines, due to the exhaust heat just going back into the tunnel/stations?
The Central Heating line.
Finally a sensible explanation! Thank you
A truly horrible line
It’s very noisy compared to the other lines
Really enjoyed your video.  I was in london today and travelled on the tube at various times, with my longest trip being on the Piccadilly line, which got very hIt and stuffy indeed.  In addition, there was an ad in said tube saying that then tube lines and trains have a change in air once every 3 minutes, but would love to know what airflow duty this is based on, as the rate would be differenT for a train carriage compared to a station because of the difference in sizes.  Also, it should be pointed out that air conditioning and ventilation should be regarded as two different things, air conditioning conditions the air around it, and in some cases, like the train, takes its ‘fresh air ‘element from the air being fed to it.  Ventilation consists of either fresh supply air, exhaust/extract air or both, the latter being better as it then has better chance of changing the air in said area.
TOO MUCH USELESS TALKS NOT WILL MAKE MORE COOLER CENTRAL LINE
Because it ain’t cool...?
I work for tfl and can inform you there are 125 forms of vent shaft on the central line 25 of these are fan exhaust
These videos are so underrated
I use a walking stick and got offered a seat on the central line on one of the hottest days of the year. I politely declined as I was stood by the window - the breeze is wonderful
Video on Mile End station please!!
I was horrified when I first travelled on the Tube when I moved to the old smoke from the North, it was stuffy, no air conditioning, not very clean, over packed and loud, ear splitting, and only I had any reaction to it, and continued to do so. Especially the Central Line, it was like paying to sit in a 1980s designed sub Bauhaus hot house with free armpit sweaty poos from zombie businessmen.   Buses are a bit better but still hot, old fashioned and overcrowded.  I missed the clean, modern, bright Manc tram, the WiFi provided clean Stagecoach Gold of the Wirral, space to move, modern seating and normal trains.  In certain aspects it sure does lag behind the North in terms of transport facilities. And well the people, that's another story lol....
I've always thought it was a marketing ploy by London Underground (or perhaps should be) - travel on the Central Line and "enjoy" a sauna at the same time (especially in winter when you're wearing a heavy coat and you can't take it off 'cos there's no room and you're only going 3 stations anyway)... :-)
We need that too cold system in every station
Not as hot as the Northern line.
Victoria line is even hotter and no one speaks about it
I dislike using the central line
Interestingly, this popped up in my news feed today https://www.ourhut.co.uk/inventive-vents/
the central line gave me claustrophobia, the colour red is angry, the tubes are tiny and there is no air and they love stopping in tunnels. Just watching that gave me palpitations. About time they installed air conditioning.
When i was a Motorman on the Central line in the hot summer of 1976 we had ice cold orange juice available from the signal box at Marble Arch for the train crews .....
It legit feels like a sauna on the Central line, it is GRIM
I always bring a mini fan in the summer I dnt play on the central line 😅
Here we go, the hackneyed old "you wouldn't transport animals" blah, blah blah. The reason that there are regulations on temperature and numbers is because animals can't choose when to travel. The tube's deep level tubes are hot because of the first law of thermodynamics. Work is heat. Electric motors working hard produce heat.
It’s hot because the central line is coloured red
The heat is an annoyance in the summer but in the winter its more comfortable on a central line platform than a district line platform.
working from home since march 2020
AC equipped trains is a great idea....once you are actually on the train!   Not much use for those waiting around in the station though. Probably make it hotter in fact, because the heat from the AC units has to be dissipated into the surrounding air. Probably just as well the new trains will have regenerative breaking or it will end up being worse not better. I'm not sure why it has take this long, some overground trains have used regen braking since the early 90's!
It's schedule, not shedule. Lol
I always wondered why, I got on the central line the other day and the humidity was killing me fam.
I deliberately avoid the Central Line whenever possible, even though it is my main outlet from Liverpool  Street, much preferring to use the more capacious and air-conditioned Circle/District/Metropolitan Line trains.  The Central Line trains in Summer are truly disgusting to travel on in high Summer, added to which there is never a quiet time to travel, as there used to be in years gone by, the 'rush hour' is constant.
Bank plate forms are so dangerous over crowded during the peak hours and the curbed platforms don’t facilitate the process . Fortunately the new lay out is coming to live
Surprised you didn't mention solar heating - ie. the same reason the trains have tinted windows;  the line runs east-west so gets the full force of the mid-day sun from the south along its exposed outer stretches..  this heat then carried into the subway system where it dissipates. My tuppence-worth anyway..
Shame all your 𝑓𝑎𝑛𝑠 couldn't be put to use cooling the Central line.😁 Someone had to say it; I'll get my coat though.😁
It must be hell down there. How do they manage with Covid rules distancing I wonder.🥵
london in the summertime is horrid glad i dont live there anymore!!!
Aaaah….reminds me of many a bleary eyed early morning or late night rattling to work or home on the Central Line. Shepherds Bush was a horrible grimy station!
At Highgate a ventilation fan was installed in the 80s on the staircase that went up tp the never-used High level platforms, which seemed kinda sad ...like admitting theres no point in keeping it ready, trains will never run through there again :-(
TL;DW heat soaking
fascinating
Title of this video: **exists** Rule 34 artist: "Well... it's my showtime..."
hot!
I did a spit take as I had forgotten the Tube cars weren’t air-conditioned! TfL is about to get a very rude surprise.  When Mr. Hazzard speaks of 30°C+ temperatures it brought back heated memories of my commuting on the IRT in New York City. Fulton Street station* used to be even hotter - nearer 38°C. Wall St and other downtown stops would get similarly sweaty. You wouldn’t think this the case. Nearly all these stations are “cut and cover” and thus are close to street level. They are less a “tube” and more a mezzanine below the street. However, they were designed in the 1910s. All those air conditioned carriages dump their heat into the station and there is indeed a piston effect as well - the heat from between stations, where there is less ventilation, is pushed into the station area. All that hot air needs to go somewhere {insert reference to parliament here}. With luck Mr. Hazzard will give us a report when the time comes.  * Since then Fulton street station has been redone as “Fulton Center” which I’m told is quite cool. Unfortunately, it took a cool US$2,000,0000,000 to make is so.
You know what they say.... When you're hot, you're hot but when you're not, you're not....
i think i’ll stick with my air conditioned bike seat
what about the pollution on the victoria line! i took the train once from victoria the other day and I've been coughing ever since ... when i went down the escalator i could see a thick haze :O standing on the platform i could feel the heaviness on my chest even having a thick mask on, and i blew my nose at home and it was black..... the whole underground is just toxic and bad for our health!!
Well cool!
Please do a video on Berrylands station. (I think) its the only station with regularly used wooden platforms in London?
Aircon sighs ! they should ask themselves where the waste heat goes OHH into the tunnels
want to go to night tube. too bad
Hard to tell from this if the heat is mostly in the trains or in the stations. If it is in the stations then it is easily solved by using liquid cooling. Pumping coolant to air handling units below ground and using heat exchangers located above ground. In the train cars it is a bit harder as you need to expel the hot air to somewhere external to the train. Tough job but the regen braking will certainly help. Maybe using liquid Nitrogen coolers that are recharged daily.
I think you mean ✨h a w t✨
35.5 degrees celcius is cold for me
Yet another brief but fascinating video Jago - cheers ! I had no idea that trains braking generated so much heat in the system - truly informative. 😎
The stretch between Liverpool Street and Bethnal Green has to be the roughest, noisiest ride on the whole of the London Underground :(
I always found the Victoria Line to be the hottest and most claustrophobic.
Because it's shit
It's due to the curvature of the earth and the proximity of the Central Line to its molten core
Gees this got on the trending page , that’s awesome
They would not transport animals at this temperature
This video is so correct it felt like a oven down there 3 days ago
Dear Jago, kinda funny that only ventilation has been looked at as a solution to tackle the accumulation of heat inside the tunnels. Heat pump systems should be able to bring a much better solution here. One in which the tube could interchange its heat to cool its tunnels and possibly offer the excess warmth or cold to either cool or heat adjacent structures. Air conditioning on the trains may seem a step in the right direction, however, because these units travel inside the tunnels, their ‘exhaust’ heat will further increase the temperature inside the tunnels. Hence, this installment will only lead to a more pressing argument for tackling the heat accumulating inside the tunnels.
5:00 oh that does look spiffy doesn't it, i hope the real thing looks as pleasing when they're done with it
0:25 Was expecting "How hot is it? So hot they coloured it red on the maps."
Why is the Central Line so hot?  Because: 1)  It's just naturally good looking and goes to the gym a lot. 2)  It wants to be on Love Island. 3)  It's got the flu.
Lol ladies on first if you've got no underwear on then you've stepped back on to a hardcock before lol Hat!
So often I would see unprepared tourists faint from the overwhelming heat on the Piccadilly Line during the evening rush! Hot stuff 🔥
3rd clip is the area i live in, gants hill
Why not get some actual visible fans and cool water mists or something installed on the platforms and have air con in the tube and open windows
The cheapest way I can get into London is the central line, so every year I used it to get to Stratford then I got to ride the nice cooled DLR to comic con
my favourite line is the met line just for the sweet sweet air con. nicer to be on a train than outside on some hot days
Ill be real, Victoria line might have taken that title now. Those trains are stuffy as hell!
Don’t forget that we heat things up automatically just by being there - roughly 100W each person thermal, so any unventilated place soon warms up.
What's cooler than being cool? ST. PAUL'S! 🧊
Livestock don’t have the option of disembarking and walking. Or getting the bus. Or bringing a water bottle.
Ah, thermal management, the bane of... well, just about everyone now, really.
Great video as always. It's amazing to realise exactly how much heat is generated by a train's brakes!
Well someone forgot to turn the furnace off..
I thought this was going to be a video about how the Central Line is so hot and sexy, baby
I've always thought that the trains themselves contributed to the heat. Electric motors on the train naturally produce heat and the brakes get hot with constant use
IT'SSO DIRTY AS WELL! The chairs are also very old and worn out! We pay so much money on oyster cards! It's unacceptable!!!
I can never understand why all that excess heat isn't considered a valuable energy source to heat homes and warm water with using heat pumps.
I asked TFL about the screeching and they said it's on their list of things to address but it's too difficult. BULL. They had an empty line during vivid to fix it. Appalling. One if the richest cities on earth and they can't be arsed to fix noise issues. People who have hearing aids get a terrible shock when the wheels screech. TFL sort out central line before we all get fed up and move to toronto
You sweat every day to protect the commercial investments of people too rich to use the Tube.
Having been on the Central Line recently I agree with the Devil theory
Oh how clever: regenerative braking to reduce heat output on the new trains... and what happens with the heat from the aircon heat-exchangers cooling the air inside the cars??? It's the tunnels too close to Hades that need cooling most!
The Central Line Modernisation Project in the 1990's, which I worked on, considered if there was a way to introduce air conditioning into the new 92 stock. Due to technical and space constraints it was deemed not possible. Hence the only ventilation on the 92 stock is "forced air", which is very innefficient at cooling as eventually it just shifts warm air around.  The 92 stock does use regenerative braking btw, I wonder what the temperature would be without it.
I like how at 5:41 or so, the ad on the right side of the shot is "ICE-COLD MAGIC" ... nice Easter egg.  And relevant only to this video (or others with similar concepts).
I think you’ll find the hottest line on the tube network is actually the Bakerloo line, with its average temperature higher than that of the Central.  The figures were actually quoted by TfL themselves.  https://www.businessinsider.com/tfl-has-revealed-the-temperatures-of-the-hottest-tube-lines-during-the-summer-2017-6.  With such easily researchable information it surely would have been better to use this data rather than cherry-picking to suit the narrative?
#22 on trending
Poster is by Frederick Charles Herrick
Jago filming lots of hotties and passing it off as a factual video 😂😎
Why not use geoexchange to provide hot water for buildings?
#22 on trending. Nice one, Jago!
I sure hope the upcoming "deep underground" new trains initiative in some way addresses the god-awful screeching that plagues the central line. Traveling between Gants Hill and Liverpool St is a real pain on the ears. It may not be alone in this matter, but it's beyond unbearable and needs reform.
Omg yes! Always knew this and avoided the Central line in the summer but never wondered why it was so hot...
30 Deg C for livestock LOL, here it's often 30 Dec Everywhere in the summer, sometimes 40 or 45 Deg C, good this we are not in Europe or nothing would get done.
There’s also the Tube smells
I have an abundant memory of going for one of my job interviews and when I got out, I had to pop into a shirt shop and got a new shirt because i was so drenched with sweat thanks to 30 minutes standing in an oven. I mean train. The shop clerk even offered me a skoosh of aftershave and wished me good luck. I ended up getting the job and returned a week or so later to buy a new and fairly expensive suit, I said I hoped he was on commission but he said 'no comment'  Good customer service pays for itself.
Jago , you need to chill out .
Since I live in California I can say;  That was totally cool dude ! And parts of it were really Hot man !
Dude, just say fucking hot. Lol
I am rather taken by the fact that the St Paul's ventilator building is shaped very much like a church. It might be fun to tell gullible tourists that, underneath the engineering brick and louvres, there is a tiny chapel, dedicated to 'St John of the Bonham' designed by Wren, and it's single bell, called 'Mortmain' is in the Museum Of London, and can be rung on request. The main part of the chapel was cleared out in 1904, and the shell is now a ventilator.
Vent all the hot air into a doughnut factory ! Yay, now l will forever be known as Doughnut Boy - well done me !
This is what I could not understand about the London Underground system.....how is it that it is NOT air conditioned?  I lived briefly in the UK from 2008 until the end of 2011 and 18 moths of that time I lived in Harrow.  I took either the Bakerloo or the Metropolitan line into the city everyday and coming from New York City, where the subway has been air conditioned for the past 40 years, I supposed it was the same in London.......nope!!!!  But I am hopeful for the future!!!!
Great engineering and deep level geekery again.
In winter you can’t wait to get on the tube in summer you can’t wait to get off
Would it not be possible to run a lattice of narrow plastic tubing on the inside of the Tube's walls into which water, the colder the better, would be pumped through them? It would be emulating a radiator, except in reverse. Where the water is pumped out its heat could be captured for use elsewhere.
Video posted 27/07/2021 - Video refers to "by the mid 2020's"...  Is this an old video re-uploaded?  Im confused.
I was held up for eternity* in the summer between stations in a hot cramped carriage full of inappropriately calm people so the proximity to hell theory is, for me, the only possible explanation.  *15 minutes
I'm amazed that with all that heat, LU hasn't been approached by a private concern to buy it, and pump it to produce ...electricity.
The Victoria Line is the hottest and the loudest imo. For a city that rich, the state of the underground is disappointing.
You tryna go cunch?
And here I was thinking that I’d be finding out why the Central line was (unbeknownst to me) considered to be sensuously appealing or desirable, albeit in an unnatural way.
I loved trains as a little kid, and i still do.
If everyone stopped taking takeout coffee and tea down the tube it would be cooler. Perhaps everyone who presents an empty cup at the entrance could be given a deep frozen looly to take down below
I love your stuff Jago
Congratulations for getting on trending jago
I thought it was a ice cold, magic non stop adventure. Hold on Jago, not only are you reading dates off buildings, your script is based from posters. 5:38
Interesting decision to use air conditioning. On Barcelona Metro, all the trains are air conditioned, but the stations are a pretty good impression of Infernal regions of Hell indeed, so by the time you get your train, you're already medium rare.
Talking of ventilation shafts I was gobsmacked when I first found out about the fake houses used to disguise shafts. So much work but they fit in beautifully you would never know. Here's a link if interested https://youtu.be/QAw_BU_Zk4c
Yes, I always found that I when went down to into the Central Line (more than any other tube line) I started cool as a cucumber and later emerged looking, feeling and dripping like a hot wet flannel - glad it's not just me!!
Thank you for my regular dose of Sunday morning breakfast London Underground Tube Trivia!
full height platform edge doors would help the temp in the stations to be better regulated and putting AC on the trains is a no brainer but just wasn't a concern for some reason
Those vents are my favourite part of St. Paul's! Also, AC was supposed come in 2023, but with the way this government is handling things we may still be in some lockdown by then so it shouldn't matter as much.
nice video. also idk if u knew but in Paris, they have a relatively similar system to this on the over ground trains wherein they have a sort of water collection system that then converts the water in mist and then that's just constantly sprayed during heatwaves at some stations
With the heat wave over here in the USA's Pacific Northwest, I feel like I could use a variable refrigerant flow system right about now.
When I was regularly visiting LUL depots (late 90s). I found that the standard trains drew 1.4MW - that's over 4600 3KW electric heaters going full blast. The new stock, then being introduced, drew 1.9MW, limited down from 2.0MW. Regenerative braking was supposed to mean that the consumption over the line averaged out.
Wow #30 on trending!!!
A good argument for riding Crossrail ... if it ever gets completed.
Definitely a huge problem on the Central and the Bakerloo in the summer months. I think AC in carriages is as a stand-alone a pseudo-solution. Not wrong, but far too little. Solid state power equipment, regenerative brakes (both already planned) and surface property acquistition to enable the installation of Bank-style ambient air chilling shafts are still necessary.
Why is the Central Line so hot? Because of all of us sexeee ladeeez!
From the 1980s, I remember a great feeling of relief when reaching cooler air as eastbound trains pulled into Stratford. I really don’t know how people put up with it every day.
Which station is at 2:09? I don't think I've seen a tube station with plain white painted walls like that.
Regenerative breaking will help a lot with the black stuff that builds up in your nose when you first move to London but somehow your body learns to deal with. Apparently an awful lot of it is from wear on the brakes of tube trains which gets largely trapped underground so gets to quite significant levels.
We are not in the EU anymore, Luckly you have a Mayor that will listen
Wouldn't it be possible using a version of the ground source heat pumps to transfer the heat to the surface where it could be used to heat buildings during the winter? An eco win?
The underground actually gets warm? I thought that's just called wearing a raincoat as you have to descend the stairs into the depths of Bank's northern line section. I wouldn't know though as I was a visitor from a place that reaches 105F (40C) regularly during the summer.
Thanks again Jago. But Can you explain why buses have the heating on in summer but never in winter.
Oh, I thought the Bakerloo is the hottest🤔
One theory is that the vibration of the trains release's heat from the surrounding clay causing the tubes to heat up.
Watching this in Vancouver, where tomorrow we should be breaking a heat record, 40°C. Crazy hot, especially in June.
the words in the title "so Hot?" put dark things through my mind, like us all.
Why is the Central Line so hot? 00:59 - because it's an attractive little line? Sorry, I'll get my coat.
Just ride the tube in the winter. 🤓😂
So, about these air conditioned trains.   Where do they dump the heat?   An AC system simply moves the heat out of the train, presumably dumping it into the tube, thereby making it even hotter.   Doesn't really solve the problem does it?
Wow I'm so surprised they weren't already using regenerative braking.
Phew Wat a Scorcher of a ride
cooler by bicycle
That's chillingly cool...
The main cause of heat in the underground is the piston effect compressing air. A byproduct of which is heat.
I always thought they should use heat exchangers to use the warmth elsewhere - effectively a giant ground source heat pump.
toasty!
Remember boarding a NYC subway in Mid Manhattan on a 40+ degree summer day. It was absolute hell. Toronto on a 45+ day and the trains were an inferno. Windows fogged over and many passengers refused to board. Santiago's line one stations only offered fans spraying water. Didn't help much.
I was hoping you could have invented a pun using Ice Cold in Alexandra Park or some such, but all in all you did a grand job.
The trains' brakes produce a lot of heat, too.
The bakerloo line is way worse than the central line in my opinion
People stop being fussy Central Line is brilliant who are tubes in London are brilliant my favourite trueline metropolitan District Circle line DLR
Another pun filled video sir, hurrah I say, hurrah!
1:00 Mission Impossible safe house disguised as Liverpool St sub-surface entrance
Dr Cumming? Dominics Grandad?
The Northern Line is either freezing or roasting. It has no middle ground
Good to see the Herrick "It's cooler below" poster featured. Think you missed a trick by not showing the companion "It's warmer below" one too. Anyway, great video as usual!
Is this a case of “sweaty bum time”?
Your narration to this excellent piece is too quiet and more noticeably so when your credits are tagged on at the end where the tube train arrives and there is a noticeable leap in volume....sorry for the moan, keep up the great work..xxx
I should think the air conditioned trains will have to put the excess heat scavenged from the interior of the train out into the tunnel(s) and station(s) making the station(s) even warmer?  That excess heat has to go somewhere!
I think the Bakerloo line feels hotter.
Are the trains also not air conditioned?
You guys have some very delicate trains if they're breaking so often that it adds to the heat.
I always found the central section of the bakerloo a bit hotter than the central, probably just me though
Next stop: Hottenham Court Road
Short answer: needs more ventilation
I wondered why people would crowd into the middle carraiges leaving the end ones empty . Which were more sufferable on hot summer days.
just found your channel, really enjoyable.   Thanks very much :)
Brexit means brexit; those EU regulations no longer apply. :-P
There has always been heat problems on the deep tube lines, me, dad and my youngest brother - 3rd, have challenged ourselves to travel the full length of all the tube/underground, DLR, and possibly the overground train lines - dad partly loves trains and travelling on them, I haven’t got a drivers license, and used public transport (before COVID-19) and as an interesting experience, alternative to being a car passenger. We have done the Piccadilly line, metropolitan line and (before COVID) the central line - we went in the car to the nearest end of the line, bought tickets to take us to the other end of the line and boarded the train sitting in front of the the buffers - waiting to depart. When we sat down on the seating bench we felt air being blown out of a vent on top of the seating, under the window - dad automatically assumed it was air conditioning, but I couldn’t see any venting at the bottom of the seating bench (where the air would be drawn into the unit to be conditioned) and assumed it was a fresh air/ventilation fan that was drawing in air underneath the carriage and blowing it inside = this was further proved that when the train went into a tunnel section - I put my hand over the vent and felt that the air was warm (with dad and brother also feeling it) and pointed out that it was air conditioning the air would still be cold, and that when pulling into a station there was a break in the third (electrified) rail, affecting the pic-up shoe supplying the auxiliary circuit/transformer causing the fluorescent lighting to flicker on/off and the fan to briefly cut out - we didn’t hear a refrigeration compressor cutting out. I assumed that these must be unbearable in the summer heat in the tunnels as the hot air at the bottom of the tunnel is being blown into the train, the only other ventilation being - the passive damper controlled vent above the windows - opened/closed with the small red lever, and the pull-down sash windows in the carriage end emergency doors. Also because of Covid-19 we are being forced to wear a mask on public transport that I assume would make it even more unpleasant in the heat, I wonder how many have been fined for not wearing their mask properly because of their face being hot and not being able to breathe properly and glugging on water bottles. Assuming that masks will be made optional on 19 July. Unfortunately I have also experienced uncomfortable conditions of carriage on the TfL bus network - heat related, before COVID-19, I was regularly using a local bus route for work experience, and found that the bus was fitted with after-market air conditioning but has the openable pull-down/hopper windows - and the passengers readily fling them open at any sign of malodour/heat and the driver (unknowingly) presses the a/c switch (the one with a snowflake on it ❄️) to blow cold, conditioned air from the dashboard fan/vents into his cab - assuming he has closed his sliding window, but the rear a/c unit on the top deck, above the stair well, also turns on and if the heat thermostat is closed it conditions the air and blows cold air out of slot vents in the ceiling panels above the windows, but the passengers not knowing the bus has full-climate control have opened the windows and….   the cold air is being sucked out of them and drawing more hot air in from outside, the air conditioning being defeated 🤦‍♂️, the passengers wilting in the heat, fanning themselves, glugging water from bottles and complaining how hot it is 🥵. Annoyingly with this particular bus - Alexander Dennis Enviro 400 filtered diesel, the rear seating bench gets uncomfortably hot  in the summer time, I think the manufacturer has slacked on the thermal cladding in the engine compartment = with it being hot outside there is more heat in the compartment and this is being radiated into the bus. Other makes of London buses; plaxton, Scania,  Wrightbus - Bamford bus company, MCV evocity - Volvo hybrid, and optare - battery electric, the most resently made ones have air conditioning designed in/the older ones have it retro fitted.
I'm going to be in London on Thursday; any chance of getting this sorted out before then?
Very interesting.
Cockfosters?
Takes the cookie... and burns it.
I have no clue as to why I watch these videos about British trains and subways, but I really have gotten addicted to them. I'm American and I've never even been to the UK. I mean, I'd love to move there, but I'm a Californian, so I'd get double the hate and bullying for being from the US and, even worse, from California lol
Air conditioning in trains won't solve the problem by itself. All that air conditioning does is move heat from the inside to the outside of the train. Without a further solution to remove that heat from the tunnels, it will potentially make the situation in the stations worse.
I freeze easy so I'm moving into the Central Line🏃🏾‍♀️. I'll even bake for the Devil, he better like Betty Crocker🍰☕
Just the central line?
The Santiago Metro has high level fans with water misters along some of its busier platforms.
Going back to my Tube/NYC subway comparisons, the latter has the same problem. Even though NYC often gets hotter (and humider) than London in the summer, sometimes subway stations are even hotter than the surface (even though NYC was built on schist and gneiss instead of clay).  Some have been logged at 40 deg. C; enough to be considered an official public health hazard!  https://ny.curbed.com/2018/8/10/17674900/nyc-subway-summer-heat-temperatures
Back in 1989, l was on the bakerloo trying to get to paddington. This was part of my daily commute. The old stock train halted just before Regents Park. It was the evening rush hour, mid summer and it was standing room only. Plenty of back packers ready to turn round and take your eye out. We were stuck there for an hour! The heat was intense, people opened all the small windows, no announcement! I was starting to panic but luckily l had a very funny book that took my mind off the situation. The train then moved. Phew, but then it stopped again for 15 minutes. At Regents Park l managed to revive a bit. We were never told what was up. After that l caught the bus from Victoria to Paddington, an express service but then London transport cancelled the route.
They just need one ventilation shaft and one of these - https://www.reactionengines.co.uk/beyond-possible/heat-exchanger
@0:13 there is a guy sitting down who is surely so tall it must have been difficult even getting on an underground train. His knees are literally half way across the carriage, and it's not as it he's slouching either. Compare to the guy in blue jeans sitting on the left at the back (or is it front) of the carriage. We maybe have a new Darth Vader.  Actually, whilst I call them carriages I have a vague memory that sometimes they are called cars on the underground, as in move on down inside he car, which is unusual in British railway systems. Or am I imagining things?
bakerloo is hottest no?
Tales from the Montreal Metro: the original rolling stock here (MR63) was designed by the Paris metro (MP59, rubber tyres). Lore has it that those French engineers didn’t put in any ventilation and actually planned a *heating* system, going by the prejudice that “it’s always winter in Canada.” (FYI: Montreal summers are 🥵!) For a long time Berri-UQAM station (3 line interchange) was sweltering even in February.  Indeed, breaking is a large source of heat. Luckily Montreal’s deep tunnels are dug through limestone which doesn’t accumulate heat over time like London clay does.
This is definitely Jonathan Pie.
5:45 love the 'Ice-Cold Magic' poster
As a traveller to London's Best Hospital - St. Bartholomeus near St. Pauls for many years, I used 2 stations = Fairlop, often quiet and St. Pauls fairly quiet going to it around lunch time or just after, but coming home around 5 PM was a nightmare. I too travelled In its hottest times and it became so unbearable as a disabled 70 something bloke I ended up giving up my "endocrinology" appointments sadly.. Oh how I loved travelling to central London but Oh how I very much hated trying to travel out heading home as exiting from Fairlop faced a 70 mile traffic busy drive down the A12 to my North Essex coastal retirement home.. LOVED looking at your video though young Jago - thanks again.
The delved too greedily and too deep. You know what they awoke in the darkness of Central underground... moppy hair and bumbling narcissism.
The Central Line, so hot right now.
I tried getting on the central line the other week from Bank to Bethnal Green, even while sitting in the station it was sweltering. Then the driver mentioned a signal failure and I decided it would be better to walk than die in a dusty sauna.
I'd be interested to know why they built the deep level tube lines SO deep in comparison to the District, Circle, Met etc. I can understand why they'd want to go below building foundations, but it feels like the tunnels at least 10 stories down. Back when they built these old lines, there weren't skyscrapers like we have now, so seems odd they went so deep.
Two possible suggestions are 1) use a bus, 2) walk. Central London is actually quite small and many walks are quite enjoyable. I used to walk daily from Shepherd's Bush to Westminster.
Actually quite like the boiling central line in winter; means I can wear a nice outfit without the need for a coat!
Video Request: How do you get a deep level train down there? Where are the sidings, the connections etc? Obvs the central line has the essex bit, and the bakerloo goes overground in the northwest, but what about the W&C? Or the Victoria?
Sorry for asking a dumb question but why can't they just install evaporators  along the station walls and pop the condenser and cooling tower on the surface?
Another great vid! Love how you sweat the details....
We are almost a quarter into the 21st century and are still looking at CGI of an air-conditioned central line as progress
Interesting. But no mention of the Northern Line. How does that compare (or is it the subject of a forthcoming video)? Thanks.
I think they can install AC on existing trains. New York did that.
There was a documentary about this. "Quatermass and the Pit" it was called.
Air conditioning inside the train raises the temperature in the stations and tunnels - the heat has to go somewhere. Selling heat to the buildings above the tunnels may be a possibility however…
You'd think the owners of some of the most expensive buildings in London above the line would put a borehole in their basement to take the heat out of the ground and heat up their swimming pools.
air condioning on the trains does cool the train, but the heat from inside the train is "pumped" to the outside of the train thus heating up the tunnels and stations even more edit, and it uses more electricity per train too
I had never noticed my local line was so cool...
It’s currently over 100 in our apartment in Seattle. This vid was appropriately times.
Circle Line: the sexiest line
St Paul's is the coolest because the demons are repelled by the cathedral. Another success for Devil Theory.
Many a  sweaty journey on the vicky line was bad enough, loaded down with rucksack and guitar......
You'd have thought some bright spark would have thought of re-using the heat to warm some of the expensive real estate above the line.  Sell the heat - probably cheaper than electric heating and more environmentally friendly that oil or gas boilers. Win-win.
I think its the Disused City Road station that uses heat recovery .... mentioned in one of your vids ? Lots of potential kilowatts  to be had ?
"To put that into perspiration" 🤣🤣🤣
Well .... The Central Line is marked as red on the Underground Map and red is traditionally used to depict heat.  People perceive rooms painted red as being warm and surely it can't be a coincidence that the two coolest lines (The Victoria and Jubilee) are shown on the map as light blue and grey respectively (both known as "cool" colours).    Maybe a cheap and cheerful solution would be to rebrand The Central Line as lime green or pale yellow.  As to that "disturbing the devil" theory, I've never heard anything so ridiculous in my life.
"It's gettin hot in here...so take off all your clothes..."  Hey, there's a solution.
I remember the first time I went down the London tube and the wall of heat. I live in Stockholm, Sweden. Here the tube is built more or less 100% in the bedrock which means the heats get "drained" away. It is between 16-18° year round, no matter the weather.
38% of heat coming from braking is a telling statistic. In reminds me of Dr W.A.Tuplin's comment on the very hilly lines of the West Riding. "It is sad to think that a lot of the work done by engine and fireman was lost in nothing more productive that the heating and erosion of brake-blocks. It was sad, but if it were not done the consequences could be a lot sadder." Two separate spectacular crashes at Shipley (Great Northern branch line), at the bottom of 3 miles of 1 in 60, proved his point; happily both were to goods trains and non-fatal.
The Central Line is not just hot in the tunnels either. I love the design of the 1992 tube stock with its big windows but those same windows mean that you have the sun blazing onto your head in the many above ground sections of the line. Not pleasant at all. Thanks for another great video.
Sorry Mr. H but your assertions are incorrect. The Bakerloo line is in fact the hottest. The Central line is second.
"Thanks to my *fans* on Ko-fi and Patreon" – I see what you did there, Jago.
And I was also on the Central line yesterday and my grandad used to work on the Central line until 2001 when he retired he works on the Central line between 1967 and 2001
Do you know I got lost on the Victoria line yesterday afternoon because of the lift that took me straight to the platforms And I was missing for 45 minutes from my family support worker but I found him in the end in Walthamstow and could you make a video on that lift and call the video the Bermuda Triangle lift and if you don’t know where this lift is it’s in Victoria and it’s a Lift that take you straight to the Victoria line platform
5:34 I thought that was a rouge Class 33 mowing pedestrians down…
Very interesting survey of a very important problem. I rarely use the Central so hadn't realised it was so bad - the Victoria is bad enough. What hasn't been mentioned is the effect of faster and more frequent trains (and more passengers) that inevitably generates more heat. Aircon will add to the overall load - it needs 20-30% extra power to do the cooling, released as extra heat with all the other hot air. So regenerative braking sounds essential. I'm surprised that LED hasn't already replaced fluorescent although the latter are not bad anyway especially if using low-energy fittings. Ironically the Central should benefit from the downgrades out of the stations and the upgrades approaching them, using gravity to help acceleration and braking. Dread to think what it would be like without them! Hadn't realised about the ground-warming effect! That might also contribute to London being generally hotter than the surrounding country (numerous other factors involved though). Also, good further info particularly on the air-conditioned trains in this link just circulated by @Stakebuster: https://eandt.theiet.org/content/articles/2021/05/the-tech-that-finally-brought-air-con-to-the-london-underground/ And an even more detailed one from @Stephen Saines:  https://www.cibsejournal.com/technical/londons-tunnel-vision/
Would the heat have anything to do with that terrible metal on metal screeching noise you get on the Central line? It's the only line where I have to cover my ears at several stations as trains arrive.
Great video!! I'd love you to do a large coffee table book of your channel, curated obviously as you have so much content, which includes your photos. It would also be great for presents!...you could do a series with similar themes!! ...'Jago Hazzard: The Ox-Blood Tile edition' ...'Jago Hazzard: Underground Angels &Devils Edition 😃
pretty surprised they trains still dont use regenerative braking, especially these days now the trains go and stop harder than they did years ago. such a waste of energy and money just to dodge an upfront cost.
The new deep level trains will be cooler but won't they simply make the tunnels and stations even hotter?
Wait, those trains don't have AC already?! The Delhi metro has been air conditioned since basically day 1, and it costs about a dollar to travel the length of a full line.
As an Australian the idea of not having aircon on a train is mindboggling to me, we would not survive as a nation without it!
Read John Wyndham book of short stories called “Jizzle” one of those is set on the Central Line and involves The Devil and the infernal regions😈 the short story is called “ Confidence Trick”
Thanks for changing your microphone settings. The new setup is a lot easier to understand for myself, and possibly others with audio dyspraxia.
Jago could you please do a video on the London Underground 1983 Stock? I always found it fascinating how quickly they were discontinued after only 14 years of use which is pretty much nothing for a Tube stock train
JAAGGGOOOODDOOOO!!O!OOOFGOFGOO
Thank God I’ve retired, I used to have to use that Hell Hole from Holborn to Stratford every Afternoon coming home from work.!!
Ive always wondered that when I lived in London and used the tube for work thanks Jago.
That's what happens when your system is first out the chute.
I just do what everyone does when they have a problem with the central line, blame the 92 Stock and call it a day
I GOT A SOLUTION  BY A BATTERY FANS/RECHARGEABLE FANS  THERE PROBLEM SOLVED
they're hot because they're wearing the useless idiot mask, the sign of enslavement
My favourite part of a Sunday ( or any day) - A new Jagoo video and a fresh cup of coffee to keep me happy ! Yea !
What does on sheddjuwull mean
Aaah well, they were shortsighted closing the trams!!! They should've kept them and pedestrianised the streets of London 😏😄
IIRC, the NTFL air con is very large buckets of ice under the seats that air will be blown through, and the ice replenished between services.
Hot and excruciatingly loud in places.
I always wondered about this!!
Well maybe the central line should stop looking so sexy. LOL
please increase mic volume, my voume is max and still cant hear very clearly
May I ask a general Tube question, please?  (I'm going to make myself look silly as I am sure that everyone but me knows the answer to this.):  Why does the Tube "do" SO many cables?  Particularly noticeable out in the open air..... cables;cables;cables!  Now, obviously some are for track circuiting and some for signally, etc. as upon Network Rail but they don't have anywhere near SO MANY CABLES.
I think Islington is looking at ground source heating, so will suck heat out of the clay in winter, which will help
Glad to hear London will has its first Deep Tube Air-Conditioned trains. TfL even planned to convert stations to air-conditioned with platform doors like in newer Jubilee Line stations. The Holland Park and Saint Paul's schemes are more reliable.
That's interesting. The Stockholm underground [at least in its tunnel sections] is nice and cool in the summer, and mild in the winter. Probably because it is built in rock, not mud. 😏
I do everything to avoid this line even if its the quickest way to work
So much unwanted heat to get rid of - perhaps some of it could be used constructively to provide hot water to surrounding premises?
Your audio quality has been a bit off on your last few vids mate. Check your levels.
"The Central line really takes the biscuit...then burnt it". Made me laugh, and I snorted tea out of my nostril.
in mother russia, it was 35.5° centigrad.  these days, we use celsius. it's the less mass-murdery temperature scale that's all the rage with the hip and trendy post-communist youth of today.
As someone that used to commute from Ealing Broadway to Gants Hill I can confirm that even in winter the trains can be hot, in summer they are often unbearable.
Lovely panning shot of the Paolozzi mosaic at TCR! A possible episode on that? Pretty please...?
I visited New York in summer 2000. I got on the subway at the Trade Center station, and when the train came and pushed the heat out from the tunnel I honestly thought I was going to melt.... It set a new benchmark experience, so that any tube station temperature in London always feels quite mild😃
Air con on the trains will just dump the heat removed from the carriage plus the energy consumed by the  system into the tunnels.  The platforms will get worse as a result.
I spent a long, hot summer working in New York in 2011. The subway carriages were lovely and cool. The filthy, decrepit stations on the other hand were a far less pleasant place to be.
Ah yes, the Central Heating line
I worked on the “cooling the tube” programme at Oxford Circus. It was an interesting challenge. The system is essentially air handling units suspended above the track on each platform. They are connected to two large chillers located on the roof of a TfL owned building above the station (visible in the shot of Oxford Circus station at the end of the vid). It is very difficult to work efficiently in the small window of work you have in the middle of the night. So the whole process takes a very long time and costs an extremely large amount of money. You also have the added problem of dealing both with the LUL and the TfL who are difficult at the best of times.
I'm going with the devil option, prove me wrong. 😉
Couldn't the new trains be designed with the capability to blow air conditioned air outside of the train as well as inside?
I always liked the idea of the static fans you see on the underground during a heatwave wafting other people’s questionable body odour  my way…
I think Tom Scott explained in one of their videos this problem with heat and how since some years ago it is used to generate electricity (especially in winter, when the temprature difference between the surface and the underground is greater and taking advantage of how it  manage to storage summer heat)
The contrast couldn't be starker on hot summer days than at Mile End, when changing from a District or H&C train to a Central, or more preferably, vice-versa, where the two lines are next to each other across the platforms. You can travel in a nice fridge ("S" Stock) all the way from Richmond, Ealing (don't get on the Central all the way from Ealing!!), Wimbledon or Hammersmith via King's Cross to Mile End, but just one stop from there to Stratford could make some pass out, as they won't be fully "acclimatised" in such a short space of time.  Even worse if the train stops in the tunnel before reaching Stratford!!
All that heat must have helped to create the Tube's very own unique breed of Mosquito.
Shall I compare the Central line to a summer's day? Hot as balls, quite literally
Hot video, Wrighty! I'm late to the party again today, and haven't gone through the comments yet, but it seems to me that the easiest way to keep the CL cool would be to simply get rid of the passengers! Either that, or make it hipster-only; they're always cool! :D
The irony is that rather than hell heating up the tube, the effect is actually the other way. After a hundred years the earth around the Central Line tunnels is now 10-15 degrees hotter than it was when the tunnels were built, something that's actually caused some structural problems as the London Clay dries out and contracts. Nothing serious and easily fixed with a quick squirt of concrete in the right place, but an interesting extra wrinkle in the struggle to keep the tube cool.
I worked in London for a while and had to use the central line to get from home to work. I remember it's sometimes being stifling
According to Imperial College data modelling, everyone who used the Central line in 2020 should now be dead
I am surprised its taken them this long to fit air-conditioning to trains. Here in Australia we have had air-conditioned trains for decades now.
It's 35 degrees in my house today as it is most days- Bangkok
And new trains on deep level will have to clean those air vents for the air con on a regular basis.. all that dust, and hair and yuck being filtered out all the time. But anything really would be good. I am on the SSR so cool air con thank you very much. When the train decides  the amount of passengers is heavy enough to warrant increasing it
So the drivers are suffering for those 8+ hrs?
Wonder why they're not extracting it with air heat pumps for ...  .  something  .. .. . or other.  Suppose it might not be worth the investment if they're going to use regenerative braking in a few years time.
As an Australian who has spent many a year living in the UK (London and Newcastle) I can promise you that an Australian summer is infinitely preferable to a British summer. The way Britain seems to retain heat and is unable to disperse it results in hell on earth. That said, an Australian winter will put hair on your chest. You've not experienced freezing cold misery until you've spent a winter in Melbourne. The British design traditions we inherited were convinced Australia is always hot when it quite simply isn't.
Wait a second, tube trains use electro-pneumatic brakes right? If they are not able to regen, do they have resistor banks that converts the electricity into heat?
In Kolkata India airconditioned trains came late as 2010,now still 6non airconditioned trains in use,new lines all airconditioned with platform screen doors!
air con in carridges, on its own, would only make things worse on the platform!
Very informative. Thank you. Ftr, as a trucker, often in motive units without working aircon, I’m pretty sure I’ve endured even hotter temperatures than that:- on day a couple of years ago, I actually reached the early stages of both heat exhaustion and heat stroke combined. Knowing both sets of symptoms, and luckily reaching base before it became an issue, I was able to deal by myself. 2 1/2hrs in that cab with slow moving traffic and no aircon is way more uncomfortable than 20mins on the hot tube (been there too many times).
Hot and humid, especially between Bank going towards Liverpool Street where the train is often held. Nightmare.
*38% of heat is via braking.* Re-gen braking and LED lights must make a significant impact in keeping the stations cool and in running costs. As well as reducing the carbon footprint. LED lighting is cheap to instal in most cases, as it is just replacing a lamp.   The Mersey Rail tunnel under the River Mersey, built in 1886, has a parallel ventilation tunnel of about 2 metres diameter - it also has a drainage tunnel under as well.  Boring a 1.5 to 2 metres wide vent tunnel parallel to the Central Line tunnel, that runs off to more convenient surface vent shafts, may be a more permanent solution. The vent tunnel may only be in small sections, not the whole run of the tunnel. Keeping the stations cooler naturally, would reduce the need for expensive to run mechanical cooling like air-con units in the stations and on the trains - or at least make them cheaper to run.    As an aside, the water pumped out of the Mersey Rail tunnel's drainage tunnel was used to heat and cool adjacent buildings, using heat pumps - *50 years ago.*
Well it is the red line!
St Paul's is one of the coolest stations on the tube? Strange, I don't think I've ever see hipsters congregating there...
The trouble with air-conditioned carriages is that the heat is just pumped into the air in the tunnels. This makes the stations hotter and potentially makes the tunnels more dangerous if they are needed to escape the trains.  The only real solution is to pump the heat out of the tunnels.
We always called it the central heating line
I remember a couple of winters ago, when we had a really cold one. I went on the Bakerloo or Centeral and it was absolute bliss.   I was shivering outside, and far overdressed down in the tube. It was great until I had to leave again.
38 seconds in and already two corny dad jokes. Might have to watch more of your videos 😂😂
Still don't have regenerative brake system??? It's 2021! 🙄
I thought the problem with having air conditioning on trains on the deep level tubes is that the on board AC is exchanging heat with the already overheated narrow tunnels.
Love your videos Jago Hazzard! Witty and influential!
Another great video, thanks. Interestingly, there is a similar poster to the one you showed in the video which advertises that during the winter it is warmer below.
Perhaps they should install those heat pump things along the tunnels to generate electricity from the heat.
This video is false, really it's all my fault. I'm so hot and irresistible and also love the tube! I'll spend less time in there okay?
When they say it's Hell on the Underground then they're not wrong. Let's blame the Devil then😂😂😂
I wonder if the thermosiphon technology mentioned in Tom Scott's video about freezing arsenic dust could be a solution - though ventilation is probably a better idea, especially learning the lessons of an airbourne pandemic.
Surely any station visited by Mr Hazzard is immediately blessed with coolness? :-)
Centigrade. Showing your age there. ;)
omfg best city in the world: aircon 1950s tech may be available 2025
Could I just observe that your voice, with the new equipment, sounds a little thinner and more distant? Is there anything you can do to tweak your sonorous tones?
I prefer the Devil Theory - it's more in tune with today's general craziness.
Oxford Circus has a cooling system? Never would have guessed with the oven effect in the station, or the people passing out from the excessive heat....
I can't imagine any devil being bothered by a newly opened tube line... Who doesn't like having an easier commute around their terf? And you can't argue there would be noise complaints during construction or operation. It's hell. There's not going to be any respite in silence anyway.
Why does the Bakerloo line smell of cheese though?
I used to commute between Liverpool Street and Great Portland Street and it was heaven when the new trains were introduced!  I remember the old Circle line trains as being the worst on that section, as they were freezing cold in winter and boiling hot in summer; the new trains were cool in summer and warm in winter.  Hoorah!  I would avoid the Central Line like the plague in the summer.  Hot, crowded, and noisy!  Ugh.
In my experience,  during the summer, I think degrees went over 35.5. And also we have to consider pollution and humidity, which help our body to fell the tube more and more hot than the actually degrees
Could air conditioning make things worse? If you pump heat out of the carriages that heat has to go somewhere. Presumably this will be the tunnels and the stations.p?
If there is no song about hot girl met on ride at Central Line, maybe it should be one?
I wonder why those people are still wearing face masks, the face sweat must be unbearable too.
But what about the horrible screaming noise of metal on metal? Bank station built on a curve so as not to go under the gold vault in case a James Bond villain gets any ideas is particularly screamy.
I remember too vividly the inferno of heat that hits you as soon as you enter Bank station in the summer.   Talking of Bank station, are able to pinpoint the source of that rather unique "aroma" that is just as inescapable as the heat?
Bakerloo Line is hot af the last time I used it. But I put that down to it being deeper underground than all the other lines and it being the height of summer. I’m no expert though.
Bakerloo is actually the hottest though
it's because I use it ;)
Excellent.  Also, you hinted an excellent idea for your next thralling instalment..... the new deep level rolling stock! ;-)
A hot tube....that's cool!
The soon to arrive trains with energy recuperation will continue to produce heat while braking (there are still "heat losses" incurred while braking) but they will probably emit less heat compared to the old stock that uses air purely to cool braking resistors, but still ...
This video was perfect timing, my city is just going through a massive heat wave. Thankfully our newer trains have AC.
Why not harvest all that free energy? Build an underground lake to buffer the heat.
!:-) 🖖
Let's hope that when they finally get Crossrail working it will reduce the amount of passengers having to use the Central line.
Is it Jim Carey's favourite line? Smokin'...
I'm pretty sure that digging the underground did rouse the Devil. I remember seeing a  documentary about it a few years back.
Great vid Jago. I wonder if tube travellers still get the sensation of their ears popping between Stratford and Mile End on the Central Line? That must be some gradient as the tube rushes down towards central London. As a kid I used to dread the ear popping ride. Cheerio for now.
Hi Jago. If only we could chill out!
@05:24 Mate, we all know that's as likely as me to become ordained as Pope... 😆
Centigrade? It's been called Celsius for the last few decades.
‘Hainault’ allegedly had an ingenious solution to this problem - above ground platform(s). Sadly though, it remains in the realm of mythology and what might have been...
When those trains get aircon, that will make the temperature in the station itself much worse
Thanks, that was very interesting.
With air conditioning the heat has to go somewhere, so cooler trains means hotter platforms. Perhaps they could market the Central Line as a travelling sauna?
Bethnel Green always seems to have a freezing jet of air for some reason
Disturbing the Devil in His infernal regions probably explains the screaming whenever you enter the Bank station area
Thanks again for sharing your video. I really loved that quote about the tunnels taking us closer to the devil. I’m really hoping that particular individual had no say (officially) in how things proceeded. Thanks again and take care of you 🙂🐿
No U
It’s ‘reassuring’ to know I wasn’t just imagining the Bakerloo being up there as one of the warmest lines!  Here’s hoping the new deep-level stock become TfL’s coolest trains…
Well it's just so darn sexy it can't help it
The Piccadilly line won't have air conditioning, it will have air cooling which is different
Where does the heat from the on-train air conditioning go?
The heat comes from disturbing the devil? Well, in rush hour the system is crowded like hell so it might be a valid reason.
Many years ago, a fried of mine described his experience on the New York subway: you are always afraid the carriages will fall apart before reaching the next station - but they do have air conditioning.
Underground trains summon the devil. Central line passes under st Paul's. Illuminati confirmed
Interesting. Thanks for all the effort and information. 😊
surprisingly fascinating, thank you.
I always thought it was hot because it was just so damn sexy, I mean just look at those sleek sexy trains.😂😂😂😂
But you can ignore EU rules now that you are an 'independent' country !
I’m literally moving to South Wales to stop having to use the line. My days of commuting from Debden to Bond Street needed to end haha
where is this shot at 2:30?
TfL employee in City Hall: Let's put some display screens down there to show adverts on and generate even more heat! Greed is good after all and that ad revenue is so important to us so we can cream off the top of it. Unless it shows a healthy woman in a bikini. Now that is banned!
It would be good if the waste heat could be recycled.
Isn't everything hot when entering the Central line ?
5:33 you can't 'chill' out lol
Good to see Western House get a cameo appearance at the end!
By "Hot" I thought you meant sexually alluring which would have made a interesting but slightly disturbing video
G'morning, Jago!
It's the slinky walk and the way It smoothes its hair when you pass by.
The heat is unbearable , I’ve seen people nearly faint !
No reference to the devil himself, I thought Yerkes would have a "hand" in this hot topic. Any chance to make a video on Green Park? Thank you again for your most entertaining content!
How does air conditioning work on the deep level tube? IIRC air conditioning doesn't destroy heat, it simply moves it from the air conditioned space (the train) to "outside" (so in this case, the tunnels or the stations). Surely this will make the problem in stations worse?
Bakerloo is the hottest line by far
Yeah its pretty fucking hot  Central line is very sexy
Including air conditioning on the trains won't really do anything for the temperature in the stations, nor really be of much help in the trains either since the heat will rush in every time the doors open. But going to more power efficient lighting among other things and regenerative breaking is likely to help with reducing temperatures far more than the AC to be fair. Especially if the stations also gets a bit of an upgrade to their ventilation.  Another thing the stations could do is to "just" drill some heat pipes into the surrounding clay, increasing the effective mass that needs to be heated during summer. And cooled during winter. All though, clay is a good insulator, so this wouldn't actually be an all too effective solution. Though, drilling is somewhat cheap so there is that.
35 degrees eh, that's a nice summer day here in Australia
Marble Arch on the Central is supposed to be cooler for some reason.
The bakerloo and northern lines are the hottest of them all
I remember being grateful for the bit of air coming though that slidey window thing up at the front of the old tube cars when I rode them a couple years ago. I definitely felt quite claustrophobic and short of breath on some of those old trains. Luckily as a tourist I was always travelling off peak so the trains were never crammed full. I can't imagine how bad that would be at peak times.
1:28 when did they remove the firextinguisers?
Unpleasant memories of working in the City through the great heatwave and drought in 1976. The District Line was just about bearable if you arrived and left early (easy with a flexitime company). The best place to be was by the connecting door of the carriages with the window down.
It's a shame that a bit of joined up thinking can't be applied here. Why not use the heat generated by the tube to heat office space or heat water? 🤔  Whilst you may not need a warm office in the summer months, month, we'll, that one day in August, you will still need warm water! 😊
Interesting to know 38% of the heat comes from trains braking,to me the tube smells of brake pads and the Central line particularly so
I remember being in a carriage that stopped for about a 10 mins between Chancery Lane and Bank back in the mid 90s. It was mid-August, the train was packed. It was one of the worst experiences in my life...
Oh, the days of the old Tait trains, fondly dubbed the Red Rattlers, and blue Harris trains of yore.  The former had no air-conditioning unless you count the manner in which the doors would roll open as the train moved off.  Or the way the windows were jammed open letting the rain in during winter.  Some of the Harris trains had air-con but you generally sweltered on a 38 degree C summer's day in Melbourne.  The Hitachis weren't much better. The underground loop isn't bad although it's sometimes warmer than it should be.  But the air-con on the Siemens trains have a distressing tendency to struggle or stop working when the temperature hits 40.
The Central Line is hotter than the EU standard for lifestock transportation. WELL good you're not EU anymore, right.
Love your videos Jago
I still think that the Paris Metro is hotter...
Problem with air-conditioned tube trains is that it cooks those on the platform instead. Regenerative braking definitely good though moving from fluorescent to LED probably overstated
In few years or so, people  will definitely be kicking themselves in regrets for missing the opportunity to buy and invest  in cryptocurrency
Why is soo smelly 🐑
Worked on the electrics of the Green Park system. It is hot down there though
I just came and like  before watch it
I am surprised no Earth coupled passive cooling systems have been tried piping air through the earth cools it to the ambient ground temperature and then with a vent taking the hot air from the top of the system. Okay it is building a lot of tunnels and repositioning old exit vents and raising the roof (if possible) in the ticket hall should help.
Oh gods, I sure did not expect the heat when I visited London - it was actually what inspired me to google a little and that is how I found this channel :D Why 2025 for AC though? I would expect it to be a bit more pressing matter for the Brits.
A very cool video…  Won’t an air conditioner train just be pumping warm air into the tunnels though and unlike the sub service lines doesn’t have the space / ventilation to dissipate the hot air?
It is infact the 4th circle of Hell and all who travel on it are serving some kind of cosmic penance
This must be why you're not allowed to take your Cows to market on the Central Line.
Ooh yeah, Jago, you're back in form. 00:05 I know what you mean. Waiting for a train in summer, in Sydney at underground Wynyard Station, peak hour, wasn't something to look forward to. I"m surprised science and engineering hasn't got involved to mitigate the problem. ... oh I forgot, money. I guess the cheapest and quickest thing to implement  is nude commuting.
Besides the real estate problems, I can’t help but wonder whether the lack of adequate ventilation systems is down to poor management? It would be great to get your insight @Jago. As an engineer, I struggle to see how the above ground real estate assets make it impossible to build smart ventilation systems.  Granted, cost is a huge factor*
If commuters delayed coffee and breakfast until they arrived at work tube temps would fall.
Would you cover the King's Cross Fire?
In the summer during hot weather, I used to go into the few smoking carriages, as in the heat I would rather smell cigarette smoke than various odours which permeated the non smoking carriages. I fainted once and went two stops before it was noticed. That's because we were so packed in like sardines, the other tube travellers were literally keeping me standing! Clearly, not much has changed. Thank you for yet another interesting video on your channel 👍
Very Interesting and Informative about the trials to cool places like St Paul’s. I guess commuters can’t wait for Crossrail to open to have some air con, and in the long term I guess commuters can be happy the Central line and Bakerloo Lines are getting air conditioned trains, except I think Central line will not get their trains until 2027 at the earliest, probably 2028-2029 based on the time it took to fully introduce the S Stock. At least the very hot 92 stock isn’t being made to last 50 years like the 72 and 73 stock on the Bakerloo Lines and Piccadilly Lines as I don’t think commuters could cope with another 20 years of increasing heat with pretty heat inefficient trains.
Do the trains themselves have anything to do with the heat ? I don't remember the Central line being as hot as it is today when the 1962 rolling stock  ran it. I don't know but I'm asking, is it the more powerful new trains that are responsible for the heat ? Great video Jago, Mr.Hot stuff himself  !!
ngl, I find it crazy that I am ever interested in these videos because this will most likely be a train system I might never ride on, yet I know more about it than most of my London based online friends
How about giving eveyone free beer?
Pffft EU regulations? Didn’t you hear? The UK doesn’t have to abide by EU regulations anymore! 😆
01:05 The heat was caused by the underground railways disturbing the devil? How can that be? A lot of the lines were Charles Yerkes' idea in the first place, so I doubt he'd find them disturbing. Or am I confusing different characters in this series?  (And the mid 2020s is looking like the next chance most of us outside the UK will get to visit London, if one is being optimistic.)
Never had I question the title of Jago Hazzard title before clicking the video.
The central line......so hot right now.
I always found the Bakerloo line worse but not by much
What's cooler than being cool? St. Paul's cold! (Alright alright alright alright alright)
Never use a carriahge with a driver's cab in it - there is sod all ventilation.  Thanks to Jago for explaining why those vents at St Pauls offer a little relief. I wondered why the air was a bit cooler.
00:33 Terrible joke - but at least the girls on train laughed for you! ;)
I alway thought the Central line was cut & cover, not deep.
The Central line is run by the Devil, that's why it's coloured red on the Tube maps and hot.
And people are wearing face masks too.  No wonder people want to work at home
Great video Jago. The new trains will be Air Cooled not Air Coditioned as Air Con on the trains would make the tunnels even warmer as there is nowhere for the aircon waste heat to go.
Mr H, Another particularly superb offering.  Thanks,  But "chill out and deal with it"!  Oh dear.  Simon T
35c would be a balmy day in Australia!
The central do be looking pretty fine, though 😳🥵
Very interesting, i always wondered
1 View=4 comments. Youtube cannot do Maths
When will it be 250k subscribers huh?
It’s hot even in the winter!
I’ve wondered this for years!!!
First or at least second
Ooooh nice
