BTW this was never sold as a track car ever..  That was the GTR that nobody bought.  so for 50 grand you are calling this a shit box?  But for 100,000 grand the ford raptor is a bargain?  Go lie to another group of fools.
Dang.. Um, don’t look over at Mr. 370 in the corner lol. I think he’s sharpening his sword. I really enjoyed this video and the honest assessment. Valid points made, fair assessments, track facts, and a very accurate alternative in the 1LE (🤮 that blue though). The Z is beautiful and reminds me of my aunt’s fascinations with the cars when I was growing up. She had a toilet brown 240 I used to sit in when she came over to see my mom and I would sit in that car at 10 years old rowing those 4 gears and dreaming of the day I could drive. In the years to come she drove a 270, skipped the 280, then ended the Z run in a 300 none turbo and all were sticks. Id take that 240 all day but in any other color. Why that brown Datsun?
A 1LE is not at in the same ballpark $ in the used market
I feel like Nissan is just the Chevrolet of japan and the Z was their Camaro while Nissan's GT-R was just the equivalent of Chevrolet's Corvette
5:57 double clutch
The big thing.. will Nissan go out of business?
Coochie yellow 😂
1:40 actually Chris Forsberg did do this🤣🔥
The Z’s arch villain: BMW, sorry, Toyota Supra
If only they gave the Z a sporty suspension like the 370Z from before, it'd be a much more competitive at it's price. The for some reason only gave the nismo a sporty suspension.
"A GR86 is much slower"  GR86: Has a noticeably faster laptime than the Z  I know what Thomas meant, but it's still funny to me.
If that’s your son, I wonder how your wife looks like.
They made the Z into a muscle car lol
Surely, the engineers caught all of the stuff that’s being complained about; have we ever had to modify our Z’s from the factory before?
Awesome car…. I hate that stupid yellow color
My 2018 370Z Heritage 6spd cost $31,000 new. Just saying.
What the f is up with that pos cup holder in the z?
Please get rid of James, he is unbearable
I've never been a Chevy man myself but ... boy that 1LE 🤌
From backside it just looks so beautiful ❤️ The tail light, the curves, the edges ❤️
There is no universe in which the SS 1LE is ever a $10k car. Never. Sorry.
As an owner of 24 Z Performance 6MT bought new:  this vid is ~2 years old - the comments are pretty accurate - the new Z is really not a track car - so by the way, the world doesn't live on a track - we live on the streets - and for an everyday sports car with lots of power and torque, with an above average interior, the new Z is a winner to me - this is a 'real world' car to be driven on roads - I must agree it is more of a GT but that is not a negative - to have a NEW modern, latest Z with a MANUAL transmission, this machine is awesome - in a world where the manual transmission is DISAPPEARING - when I bought this machine I looked at ALL of the current manual transmission offerings - for the PRICE, the power, the performance, the interior, the Z heritage, the 'fun' factor, and everything in between, this machine is still to me the winner of all - May 2025
😂😂🌴🌴🌴👑🐣🐣🐣🐣😂
Rear wheel Nissan 😎
400z is not 50k
I bought a 24 knowing jack about cars except what looked good. Z's have always been my favorite to look at and I'm falling in love with driving for fun.
Z are just baby gorilla GTR
would never buy a pos Nissan over a Camaro 😂
Multiple people have mentioned the second gear grind  yeah I’m out.
Inventive review to this by owner succession! Nice way to showcase the dimensions of the car.
The gt86 beat the nissan!?! Wow
Wow you called a buck tooth car pretty 😂 no its not pretty its actually bad like really bad
That’s why didn’t get invited to the mismo repase 😂😂
I like 370z.
I'm  not your buddy, guy...
My Kia stinger is more of a sports car then the z I tested one before buying the Kia, stinger is so much nicer inside and monsters the z on the street.
Wait, the GR86 was a second faster?
It's too bad the Camaro is so ugly... and then there's Chevy quality. It's just as gross as the car looks.
If I could get a brand new TT 300ZX I’d EASILY take that over a 2022 “Z”
So the vibe is more like…. “Uhhhg god,, ANOTHER Camaro 🙄”
Modern Camaro has issue of 94’-04’ Mustangs, the BaseModel/V6’s were EVERYWHERE! and like the Cobra, 1LE hardly looks diff—
—unless you know exactly what you’re looking at. Took a Saleen or Roush to really stand out for Mustang, but Camaro doesn’t even have that option!
Love all the nods and quirks to the past.. but I’d rather lose those in return of an easily to better design grille/headlights !!
bro i love how it looks so much like the orange z the 240z and its amazing i love it
Its only just faster than a TLX Type-S. A car that is heavier and has less HP and is nicer in every way. Jesus Nissan. I hope your black hole of garbage cars doesn't suck in Honda.
I’ll keep my Audi S5.
15:33
Bla bla. What i want is to be owner 27 of a 300zx 2+2 turbo. Buy the thing from the scrapyard for 1k and spend 25000 geting it to the state we want it. Maybe engine swap maybe not. Lots of insulation, modcons ac cruise info and tour from coast to coast well under the speed limit to melow the wife and go full throtle during the night...
Nissan = GARBAGE
2 years later, buyer #1 doesn't exist for this car.
Yes to the strip the 400 pound's ! PLEASE HELP NISSAN OUT
Still havent seen the Z on the road. Cant believe I see more Cybertrucks than the Z
Z isn’t good at all then! 😢😮
Never grinded second one time as an owner. Can’t imagine the drive stick very well.
400z twitchy in a bad way, Camaro ss twitchy in a good way.
just now realizing james and I are the same, I had a 12 frs first, then a 12 TTRS, will I get an F type next?
The shift nob on the 370z looks like the head of a bowling pin. That was my first impression.
NISSAN ZZZZZZZzzzzzzzz   . .  . .
Lots of wind noise! Sounds like they're recording with the windows open.
"I'm not your buddy, guy"  😆
"Fair lady";  nice reference to the Z's original name.
At least spider man took a break from saving the world to do hot laps for throttle house
"Nice BMW" isn't what I would call an insult though.
What happened 🧐. Late 70's, 80's into the early 00 the Japanese had the best sports cars for the money with best reliability and styling .  But the 240/260/280 Z, which was arguably my favorite sports car I've always wanted and had huge expectations.  Has disappointed me. 😔
Chevy can make nice looking cars, why does the Camaro have to be ugly?
I’m glad you’re okay after losing the rear end. That was close!!
$50 THOUSAND dollars 😂😂 buy a used Porsche Carrera or anything else
bruh it did worst than the gr86? that's bad. they really went all the way to GT cruiser with it. its got what twice the power too? oh well i guess most people wont track it
he is buddy pall
I've been looking for an SS review on the channel and haven't found one. I wasn't expecting to get it in this video but I'll take it
Yay! I love when the SS 1LE comes out. I sure do miss mine…
“You’re watching throttle hoouse” 🫡🇨🇦
I think the Camaro is prettier tbh, which is odd, because I've hated almost every Camaro ever made. xD
This thing is a unicorn.  Been out for like two years and I've only seen one in person and that was very recently.
the canary did not help it.   for nostalgia I would look to get one in metallic bronze, as my gran had a '76 280Z and then my dad and my uncle etc.  Family had it for 25 years until my uncle ran the oil dry and roasted the engine.
Likes: Drake until he texted Millie Bobby Brown, is savage.  The downfall was on a countdown😂😂
The fairlady joke xD nice
All i know is that Nismo takes notes, good notes, Godzilla , etc, so imagine when Nismo arrives for a tag team
this car is not worth $60,000
Would you consider test driving the 04 Cobra? Love to see you drive a 20yr old Cobra.
I'm the 2nd owner....of the ss 1le in that same rapid blue. This review couldn't make me happier with the decision I made.
These guys are so entertaining! Keep it up fellas!
I like when Thomas says "Throttle Hoose" ... :)
The Z's have always been sexy as hell and this is no exception.
The southpark reference lmao “im not your buddy, guy!.”
Guess ill just keep my q50 😅
Loved that In-car camera while the Hotly. Great! Especially without commentary. 😀
What if you have no money, no way to make money, need a soft but firm ride? The only reason why I have a car only 7 years old is because I got hit and got a little bit of money for putting me in a wheelchair and lots and lots of pain! I got truly fucked out of my dream of being a racing driver with a twisted spine! And after the crash, It hurts too much to drive and I only got by doing courier work. Now I have no work, no money and all the pain. I hate being depressed! Makes watching this and other videos about cars just bring me down. It reminds me that I'll never get to live my dream.
That Drake diss from Owner #2 hits a bit harder these days....
A year late... but try double clutching second gear. Both 1st to 2nd and 3rd to 2nd.
One of the best review formats Also... love the rs5 comp format
And I’m James 🤓
Can't pay me to drive a nissan.   They are like a (better) japanese GM.
Dude, they have those 3 beautidul gauges...why putting so many screens?
For sure the have to do another one on the Nismo
Wait are those paddles in a manual transmission car? Are they just duds?
The new Z isn't the best platform for a track car. It's a fantastic sports car for the street though. You don't buy it for the numbers. You buy it for the looks, power, fun, and heritage. This is probably the final internal combustion Z car. I think they knocked the styling out of the park, and the performance is plenty for the street. If you want a track car I'd just buy a 350 or 370z and modify it.
That second gear grinding is a defect. I would go back to the original 370 synchros.
I’m so fucking sad this car sucks. My first car was a 350 and I loved that thing. Then when I was ready to upgrade I hated the 370. I was really hoping to upgrade from my genesis to this but…
I wish so much that Nissan came out with a new 240SX; a lghtweight and more affordable RWD sports car, not unlike the GR86 and such but with a fastback and just a bit more horespower... that would be perfect.
Guy, you're getting grind because you're not double clutching lol. wtf
The Drake reference for Owner #2 is feeling timely.
Let's all be honest here. They are selling simply off history. It's a 30k car not 50 , 60. It's pretty much junk.
400z IS SO UGLY. I'd much rather have a twin turbo 370.
Camaro's are not sports cars. They are muscle cars. Totally different character. They give you completely different feelings when you drive them. It's all down to preference. If you were comparing a Camaro and a Mustang, then you might decide based on track times and raw numbers because otherwise the two cars would drive, sound, and feel basically the same. As someone who grew up in a family of muscle car buyers, I chose to lease a New Nissan Z because it feels like all those Japanese sports cars I lusted after as a kid. I would not choose a Camaro or a Mustang because it would feel like my mom's car from when I was growing up. Doesn't mean I don't like them or that I don't respect their raw performance. It just means I prefer the more polite way the Japanese car goes about it's business. It's more subtle. It's less obnoxious to live with on a daily basis. It's sneaky fast. It doesn't need to be loud and obnoxious.
I love the Z but I wouldn't change anything. Is it that awful? I don't care about racing it at all. I just want to drive it.
4:20 ... not your Buddy Guy ? ;-)
I loved this review, legitimately influenced my current debate on whether I'll get this car or not. And I absolutely will not. I want something that'll work great from factory, and not be so problematic, and a Nismo is too expensive for me.
you can get a vr30 q60 2020 for like 30k that looks better and more luxurious. this is a garbage waste of money. they should have given it both NA and single turbo forms of the GTR engine. so the NA base model could be bought by enthusiasts and they can mod it with their own turbos or just enjoy 300 hp.. and the more expensive turbo could be bought by collectors. Just like the 300zx had the NA and the TT versions.
370z Nismo in good condition for 30 a better option?
After seeing their review of the Z, I can’t wait to see when they get their hands on the Nismo version.
I think some cars should be manual others not. Depending how hard-core they are. For example bmw m models always auto. Lesser trims manual. But only coupes.
plz do a infiniti q60!
2nd gear grinding is a problem since the 350z
Looks and performance... I like them both, but since we all vote with the power of money.... I voted 3 times for the Camaro since 2016...
Grinding into 2nd ? Wow! That’s a dealbreaker .  The other stuff about softer feel is all stuff I like about the z.  It would be a daily driver for me .
Why is the startup in Z sound like my 05 nissan quest??
Is there some legal liability reason why, when you turn off traction and stability control, you haven’t actually turned off traction and stability control? So many cars are that way on the track. When I turn it off, I want it off. Like, unplugged off.
It’s a cool mustang like modern sports car for someone willing to drive on Sundays with cops at bay and yet affordable to most and by no means is it a track car like how you put it to the test and certainly not advisable for street driving in such way either! But a very in depth review with testing on the car to know its limits and for that I thank you! I kinda love the Nissan Z :)
Looks like a gold fish
Nissan could’ve given that car some personality
Enjoying the video until driver # "3" took over lol what a white privilege young guy comment..  ugh
This car is rather boring and hideous. This is coming from a fan of the 370z
somehow this video reminded me of the old top gear
Jatco transmission? Hard Pass
Hahaha NONE of these cars are "deals" used.
the camero is a good performance car i just think its ugly
400z Nissan failed to deliver period. Using the same platform as a 350z was a big mistake.
The "400z" is boring AF
OMG, I'm owner 3 (or 5)!
John Wick didn't kill all those People over a Camaro or Z.. LMAO...
WOW Shifting that, sounds worse than an MT82 from the GT... Holy shit thats bad..
HE SAID IM NOT YOUR BUDDY GUY!!
lol the "I'm not your buddy guy" reference from owner 1 to 2 was awesome.
Donuts on your lawn. Tony Orlando and Dawn.
Rear: Hell Yeah!😎 Front: hmm nope😬 Europe: Nope.... not available 🤯
OH MY GOD, does that scroll wheel on the steering wheel control the volume!? honestly i love it! thats an incentive for me.
The miat wasn’t that much slower on the table, and a lot more enjoyable to drive in that way. Price aside if that’s what you want to do you’d get the Miata.
Could do without the silly stuff
Guys, you are both Canadian.  It is ZED not ZEE.  Otherwise you got it right.  It is a bit under done. The car not the video. That was the usual, informative and entertaining.
COOL, fantástico 🎉 ese carro y su potencia increíble
Z or GTI, Golf R?
Please make more. Really like those.👍🏾
I love mine
Completely esoteric comment - I think the design team for Nissan absolutely nailed retro modern.  It's just a great looking car, far better looking than the supra, honda type r, etc.
the z can be tuned for another 100-150hp, can the camaro ss? aftermarket front facias will be out soon that will look much better.
Needs to start at $35,000 considering most of the parts are legacy in nature.
My 91 300Z had that same 1st to 2nd grind!
4:20, “I’m not your guy, friend…”
That z kinda reminds me of something..
I appreciate the small glimpse into how James came to be. But a full story would be great!
I am owner #2. I just recently purchased a one previous owner, low mileage luxury sports sedan. There are small things I am fixing, and it’s nicely maintained. Great video, guys.
Im not your Guy, Pal
This video is hilarious! Great job, as always guys!
Transmission grinding already WTF!!
No owner 2 because you don’t know how someone beaten it. Especially when used is basically saves you just $5-7k
this car costs twice its price here at Mexico around 1,500,000 (pesos) so people here would like to  know is this machine is the best option when in comes about sports car...so yeah
OMG I am owner no. 1 sort of. LOL. 😮😅
Great review, When I was a young driver we had a 260Z 2+2, my only thing.. you are Canadian it's pronounced Zed (I also had a BMW Zed 4) with a six-speed manual, I am happy to see that transmission is still available.
Hello Nissan have you forgotten that proper JDM sports cars use inline 6’s ??? Despite Toyota outsourcing BMW’s 6 at least they remember the proper JDM recipe and are currently mopping the floor with you!!! Then there is the automatic Nismo 😂
Another modern “sports car” that looks great on paper, but is too disconnected from the road to be fun to drive. I’ll take a 370z over this child’s toy any day!
Sad it is not coming to Europe but with the insane eco tax (tax on fun) it would not sell. For a GR86 you are taxed 15k USD due to the emissions...comparatively it is a 3k tax on the Supra 2.0 and 10k for the Supra 3.0.😢
I know many people like the Camaro, but here is the one thing that would stop me from ever buying one and racing it.  The side windows, if you ever had a serious wreck and had to get out of a Camaro you CAN NOT get out of a Camaro through the window with a helmet on.  If you happen to have a fire after a wreck you are dead if you can't get the door open.  This reason alone it baffles me why any serious racing organization allows the Camaro to compete.  Now if you are looking for a fun, out of the box AutoX or part time Drag car it is a great car, but for serious racing I would never even consider it.
Front end looks like a girls car.
"Full time GME holder" hahah love it. Can't stop buying.... Go time soon!!
Still prefer the look of the 370Z over this, this one just looks meh. But luckily South Africa isn't getting this car so won't have to see them on the open road.
What is Al-U-Minium?
Looking for a reason to get the new Z and every review is just roasting it 😭😭😭
I test drove one of these a few days ago and was really disappointed...interior was laid out well but only slightly higher quality than a ford costing 2/3 as much. Power was okay but not blistering. The gear stick was plastic and shook like my old truck under acceleration. Oh and the dealer was selling it for $63k with a 15k markup...It felt like a 40k car...
The Z,s front doesn't look finished,  had two ..a 240 and a 280 ...they were pretty ...
Nissan Z - huge failure. How did they (Nissan) not know they were going to build such a comparatively bad car in performance? Are they blinded by desperation? I remember when they produced GREAT cars...so sad to see where they are now.
You should track the SS 1LE vs ZL1 vs the ZL1 1LE all of them manual
I leased a 2003 350z when it first came out, this seems like less of a sports car.  It reminds me of the Zs just before they stopped making them in the 90s.
50K, Puerto Rico be like, nah, make it 78K 👌🏻
$50k your getting ripped off
Camaro all day long. Pretty is for the ladies.
sorry, i can't get over that they've made sports cars for decades and the shifter isn't perfect, or at least near perfect. like...... what's the excuse? can't make a great shifter for 50 GRAND!........... pass. i would literally rather have a bmw with a toyota badge on it.
I'm definitely an, " owner 3 ". Bought a 2004 WRX in 2020 for 3,800$, gave it brakes, a big wing, lowered it a lil, and turned the boost up to 11. (Really more like 18 psi)   She ripped, had 228,000 miles when I got it. She never broke on me. She's still being good to my friend I sold it too.   I just got a G37x Sedan at 93,000 miles and so far, I've put intakes, custom y pipe, custom mufflers and resonators, removed the OEM catalytic converters, got ceramic pads and aftermarket rotors, put some performance tires, and off she goes.   I also replaced the parts the last "owner 3" didn't. Like the rusting subframe and control arms.   It's awesome.
sick video, I love my 1LE
If a BMW had a front end that ugly we wouldn’t hear the end of it. But somehow people are saying that thing is okay or even good-looking? Okay.
Don't you mean Zed???????????????????🥶
R32 swap anyone
if you are not an american is canada in africa? asia? europe? please explain.
i would take the camaro honestly
No way I’d take this over a mustang or is500
Who else said "iam not your guy, friend"
Since you didn't show the weight of new Z in Kgs I had to use converter. And it also showed me that 3536lbs is 0,4 elephants. Is that really so bad? 0,4 elephants? Come on! You know, I really don't like Windows and Microsoft. But sometimes, just rarely, they have a great sense of humor. (Shout out to the guy who was writing One Note update notes 5-6 years ago)
Moral of the story. Don't buy the useless Z-car...just buy the superior Camaro SS 1LE. Got it.
It’s cool but I don’t really like the body shape of these newer cars
Remember when the Z was to be 40k, even w/ Nissan spouting this stuff. Well the Nissan z is 53,500 msrp and those are being marked up. I bought the camaro ss 1le exact spec and color of this car for 47k. So glad i didnt wait for this poor example of a true sports car, and im only dogging it because ive owned two 350z convertibles, and i was really excited for this as i thought wow , there going to make a great track car this time. Just really dissapointed. Buy the ss 1le while you can w a tune and cold air intake and more free flow muffler and cats this car is over 500hp. After Jan 2024 thats it, and then this car will be even more valuable.
Only the Nissan Corp. could take a car that was so phukin cool and make it the ugliest POs on the road today  😮😮😮😮
Most people won't modify their Z though. Only a small handful will.
I cant believe how terrible looking this car is lol wow.
20-23 Ford Mustang GT, for that money…
finally got around to watching this one. nice kirby reference.
can somebody explain to me why the Camaro has paddles on the Steeringwheel while beeing a manual?
The Camaro is just an absolute monster at its price point. It's almost unfair to expect any sports car at its price point to compete on track.
My view of this channel skyrocketed from the “loves telling people keto doesn’t work”. IT DOESNT. ITS CALORIC DEFICIT BABY SCIENCE BIATCH
You've got to be fair though, its almost certain that Nissan will come out with a track pack and the 1LE is a track pack.  Although the SS Camaro is still pretty fantastic and would also dominate the Z.
The sexual tension between theee two is unreal
Camaro Supremacy Babyyyyy
it's $50K?!?! For a Z?!?! FFuuuuuuck Nissan.
The outstanding handling 6th generation Camaro SS1LE, ZL1, and the SS are better performing sports cars.
U can't tell me in the outro that it's slower than a GR 86, when u showed me the lap time before. Even that Toyota is quicker
Watching this from the future, when James turns into Owner 1, on the waiting list for a Lotus Emira (possibly getting it at this point, who knows) now he can use a full time mustache 😂
Thomas is a menace Pay attention to his driving:0
Still don't like the front. Can't wait for update after 2-3 years and get a better front
the new z might have the worst front look ever ...wtf is that ahaha
Given that its better as a grand tourer, i'd rather have it with a sunroof
Let's be honest they ruined the New Z I'll keep my 2019 nismo
Lol love your vids.
Lolol😂😂😂 that thing is so ugly perfect way to ruin a classic
I love you. I love you I love you. I did NOT expect the Camaro but I love that you put the Camaro in here cuz it's just better in every single way.
it's a cool car, but I'd be happier with a used bmw i8, which would probably also hold its value better.
A Canadian and a Brit saying Zee instead of Zed... shame
"I'm not your buddy, guy" nice South Park joke 😂
Thank you for this several owner reviews, truly encapsulating the car enthusiast, wonderful video
russian car, nissan should drop z name in it.
Around 30k im looking about the nissan z or a new camaro sports car
Good review. I had higher hopes for the Z. I had a 240sx back in the day and loved it. So when this came out it sounded like it was a possibility. But I have also owned a 6 gen SS m6 car. Now I'm in a position to own a fun car again, I'm getting a SS1le
This is Copy of Datsun 280z
Great review. I know more than 50K but how would you compare to 718?
I wish they made it so 6'4 guys could get in
Let’s just get 1 thing straight a 100k mile 370z would cost you about 15-20k plus a twin turbo engine would cost you 10-15k not to mention tuning and supporting mods ontop of that the z gets warranty add new paint to a old 370 that another 2k not to mention ALL THE MILES ON THE CAR
Can you do a video were the Corvette C7 Z06 is present pls
What's with all those waste of money wind turbines in the backround.
I think u might git a bug in ur eye, causing the "accidental slide" !
This is nice looking and well worth the $50k asking price.  Unfortunately,  the new Z is considerably more dear to Nissan dealers in Los Angeles.  I've no intention of a battle of wits with the unarmed.
I’m not your guy, friend! Loved the Terrance and Philip reference!
Boring as hell... hope some of you know what i mean ..
This and the Supra manual both have MASSIVE rev hang in 1st and even a little in 2nd. Unfortunately the synchro in the transmission of the Nissan Z can't handle 20k miles of regular sporty driving. We'll see if the ZF 6mt in the supra can handle that constant rev hang either.
The Toyota GR86 having a better time than the Nissan Z is crazy, reminder that the Z has 400 HP and the GR86 only has 228 HP! Thats a 170 HP difference, yet the GR86 came out on top, Nissan really needs to tighten up, literally, that suspension is not it!  If I were to get a Z, first upgrade would be tires, the stock tires are a joke considering what the car is and how much power it has.
Ooops 😂
“I’m not your buddy, guy” “I’m not your guy, friend” “I’m not your friend, buddy”
I don’t think they intended it to be a pure sports car. More like a GT car with sporty attributes like the 300zx was. I think they knocked it out of the park tbh. It will be underwhelming as a new car but by the time we get these in the used market under 20k and can modify them I think it will be a hit. It’s Nissan so we know they’ll make them for like 15 years.
Damn, what is Nissan doing? So disappointing to see a company that built some of the best cars ever, made such a bad sports car
the camaro is so much prettier im sorry it just is specially in that blue
the front of this car is such an opportunity wasted
Nissan used to make some of the most beautiful cars in the early 90s such as the Nissan 180SX, 240SX, Nissan Z32 ZX, Silvia S15, R32 Skyline, R33 Skyline, R34 Skyline and the R35 Skyline... But then, they hired a bunch of idiot designers and they came up with the Nissan Juke, Nissan 370Z, Sylphy, Almera and the worst of all them all the hideous Teana and the V Series the V35, V36 and V37... I knew Nissan was doomed when I saw the Juke, the Teana and the V Series...What the hell were you thinking Nissan??? The 2022 Nissan Z is nice, but it is too little, too late...you can't save Nissan anymore...
The grinding 2nd gear shift - on a new car - makes this a hard no for me.
That's hilarious that the new Z can't even beat a GR86 on a track, that's just sad. And can't even beat it's equivalent rivals in a drag race. It's 9-speed automatic gearbox has issues and it's barely faster than it's predecessor the 370Z. I've driven many cars on and off the tracks and the 400Z feels heavy, heavier than the 370Z and is only decent with manual. Quite disappointed with all the new remakes of past legends such as the new Supra not being what it could have been and the Ford GT lacking it's essence and not worth it's outrageous price tag for a V6.
“I’m not your buddy guy” 😂😂love South Park
The „fairlady” reference 😂
Lost me at "shift grind" when driving spirited.  Which is why you would buy it... so for that, I'm out.   Camaro 1LE is still the go to for a reasonable priced driver's car with some track days in mind
that is one ugly ass car!
the alpine a110 would like a word
A brand-new car with a grinding 2nd?
hahaaa, Great video guys! From owner #2-3.......
At 1/4 angle away in the still photos, looks like Porsche 944
amazing review
I loved the shot of tossing the phone into the trunk. 😆
Really enjoyed this review. I'm selling by British sports car and have been thinking ... what's my next toy???  Toyota and the BMW Supra was a huge let down. Even the Toyota mechanics aren't that thrilled. I'd never give the Toyota reliability to the Supra. But it does seem to me Z's through the years have put up with a whole lot of punishment from their owners and stayed reliable. As you say mods can be done. I'm a spirited driver who respects and love my cars. With that in mind I think my Z could last and last and yes be very attractive for some time. Also your Miata overview was great so it looks like 2 cars on my short list now.  We shall see but 1st I've got to sell my Triumph TR6.  I'm very motivated this year. Thanks, really enjoy so many of your videos.
I’m not your guy, friend!
See how hard boost fell off ( owner 2) my stock turbo st holds boost better
Gotta appreciate how great/ consistent a driver Thomas is. Kept his time within like a tenth of a second! Love it!
LOL at the "full-time GME holder" for the 2nd owner description. Literally had me laugh out loud. Except, i'm pretty sure it's spelled "HODLer."
I love Z cars since I got into cars in 1989 but I feel they could have done a much better job on the styling with this one. Its very plain and dosent evoke much passion when I look at it. A Z car is supposed to be ahead of its time in styling and be unmistakeable as an aggressive sports car. This looks like a cute lego car..
4 words come to mind with every Z car I can remember stretching back to the 350: Heavy, unbalanced, impractical, overpriced.
"Full-time GME Holder" 4:33 LOL hope hes still holding.
Camaro’s fucking suck… can you even see over the dash?
Yup, the Nismo 2015Z is made for furious and control craziest ones of the few. Daily driven and even here in Denver,, but had to get another Nismo for the snow as well..ain't no snow plower, but the Juke 4x4 Nismo RS makes you like automatic  Like seeing this as I most fast cars here are gtr
Amazing video once again guys!! Love your channel!! No one does what you guys do! Been a subscriber since T.H and 46 :)) or however it was called 😃 amazing stuff guys! Keep it up for a very long time please!! 😃
Thanks for the honest review. I am current rebuilding my 2003 BMW Z4 2.5 (manual 5 speed) and passing it on to my daughter ( She loves the manual transmission) and at the same time looking for a new ride. My priority has been finding a new car that has some power and a manual transmission. I had been looking at the new Z since it has some power, a manual 6 speed transmission and I owned a 280 Z when I was in my late 20's.....and I loved the car. I was disappointed during the review when you called attention to the grinding issue (going into 2nd gear) with new Z's 6 speed the transmission. I have been concerned  that I would not find a decent car with a manual transmission before everything becomes Electric. Then I watched your review on the Lotus Emira, it is everything I have been looking for. Power (V6) with a 6 speed manual transmission and a style that makes it look like a Super Car for only twice what the Nissan Z would have cost me. Now the challenge is finding one in the Midwest.  Thanks Guys!!!!!
And it’s sold for 100k …
The Camaro's track performance would make me really curious to see how it compares with the new Emira or even the Evora GT. Would love to see Thomas lay down track times with either of those cars.
No one who wants this car wants to keep it stock lol
Does the Camaro come in a 2 seater configuration, or is it strictly for dropping kids off at school?
Front of the car looks like bender from futurama
I don't like anything about this car...other than the interior
LOVE the South Park reference buddy😂
50k for a car that looks like a 90s model and is slowly that a 4 cylinder mustang. No thanks.
Uh !
I've been a fan of Z cars since being a kid in the 70s.  I'm the "second owner" of a 2011 370z manual touring sport.  I'm disappointed in the new Z because Nissan kept saying "affordable" over and over again.  But, by the time you build the performance in, it's no longer affordable or even a good deal. 3 to 5 years from new, there will be multiple cars with better performance for the same or less money.
M2 is still the best car for the money. But the bmw supra is the only one in manual. Z is prettier than all. So i dunno.😊
This is what I don't understand about the GR corolla. If I'm gonna spend 50large, why would I get a hatchback with no seats over these. The point of the "hot hatch" is to compete with this & have the seat option...duh!
In South Africa , we have no Camaro but we have the Mustang and at the start , I said already that I would be on the Mustang , I was quite surprised you pulled out the Chevy , Mustangs and Camaros are natural arch enemies .
Well done review as always. From my perspective though I like the idea of a GT where you can travel long distances through the mountains and arrive relaxed, after enjoying the drive. Guys, you are Canadians (except for James) so it is a ZED.
The Nissan still looks a lot better than the Camaro.
Modern Wangan Midnight ❤
The funny thing about the Supra comments is only jdm purists actually care. No one else really cares. Half the people who comment about the Supra being a bmw would love a bmw compared to what they already own lol
I would be content
I’m not your guy friend!
I LOVE THIS! You guys are sooooo awesome!! Epic car!!
Omg I'm an owner 2. I bought a 1999 WRX 11 years ago. As a second owner. Just bought a 2012 golf GTI as a second owner.
it’s way more than 50k
Z is definitely one of the cars of all time
To be fair, the SS1LE is a GOAT. I’ve had 2 of them and tracked them a bit.  Now I have a 718 GT4 and … it’s no more fun and it’s not faster.  For 3x the money.  GT4 is great, but but Camaro is sooo good.
The S
The new Z looks ugly.
1LE all the way
Thomas, Nissan about to rip you a new one for that slide😂
I fell in love with Z cars as a kid playing with Hot Wheels. That Love never stopped. I own 3 Z cars now and will always have at least one. I will get this car but not until the markups drop down. Until then I have a 84, 88, and 94 to enjoy..
Car good
The Z's chonky descendant
The early z's had the bouncy suspension too.  Haha.
The z is terrible looking
Those are the same interior door handles from my 350z just black, huh. Same exhaust tips too.
Nissan are making gas cars still? They're going to die out, aren't they? :( I loved their GTR and skyline, ouff.
The LS engines sound amazing.
At least we had the old  Nissan😢
Anyone who picked up the south park reference from Canada is a Legend lol
There so ugly love the 280z man
I just can't get past the front end, I hate it. It's just awkward and ......just trash, sorry. And no I don't mean the intake I'm talking about the front quarters by the lights and the lights themselves......drek! Too artsy-fartsy! The classic Z looks miles better!!
I literally just became a "guy #2" for a Camaro SS a couple weeks ago lol.
That second gear grind drove me nuts for 5 years in my 370z. Funny that they still haven't fixed it.
Who gives a shit about drifting? It's for juveniles.
Dude this thing is half a second slower than the GR86 and 60% more expensive!! wtf lol Plus if you spend that extra $20K upgrading the GR86 it will literally annihilate it!!
“That’s guy number one” when he explained the one guy who looked got me 😂😂
The profile is the best view of the Z. The back is OK but not loving the front.
As a second owner of a 2003 350z owner I felt that grind of gears. Mine had the infamous 3rd gear grind. I replaced it with a low mile 2007 transmission with a  stage 3 race clutch. I ended up selling it to the 3rd owner who turned it into a race car.
300z design still not as good as the 1990 version. This looks more like evolution to 240z
Decades later and Nissan still can't fix the synchro issue 😅
I had a 280Z that I still long for the driving experience of . Actually thought about buying one of these one I knew it was coming when I was looking to get out of my beat on, BMW M2  Then I heard it was still a 370 structure with a tt V6 and was disappointed throughly cause I really wanted to be a inline 6 as was the original and was hoping they'd do it right ! Would've been happier if it was a turbo il4 and sold to battle the Gr86 and BZR not the Supra cause the Supra makes it look dull and cost about the same and now has a manual so Zorry Nissan I ain't buying ! Especially since I bought a very low mileage C7 Vette for same money !!
I was so excited to run out and buy one of these but after hearing all the reviews.....  I'm not excited anymore.
Man the seats and shifter in the Z shaking like it's ready to fall apart or has over 150k miles on it.
I think perhaps Nissan missed an opportunity here to truly capture the quintessential buyers 1 and 2 .  Instead  the typical “buyer 3 “ will be biting the bullet , and becoming the “buyer 1” - buying new and modifying.   The typical buyers 1 and 2 will largely forgo this car for other options- wanting something that offers more performance out of the box.  I was a big Nissan/ Infiniti fan when you could purchase the car as buyer 1 and it gave you all wanted out the box, and when you felt the need to upgrade performance , you started modifying. A lot of owners bought the previous gen Gs and Zs new and kept them for years and years because of both their potential, and what they had to offer out the box .
ZEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD, NOT ZEE!!😁
Nissan failed? How surprising! Not really.
I died from laughing when he “accidentally” did the “power slide” it was not on purpose. I’m sure
Nissan is big mad
Give me a C5 Z06 all day long. Any year C5 C6 etc.. Sorry, the Z does not look good. Nissan and even Toyota over the years with their new changes on these cars is just terrible. Ill take a 370z or a 300zx twin turbo over this current model.
I'm not your guy, friend!
2nd gear grind is a Nissan Z staple. They probably could have fixed it, but decided to pay homage to tradition.
...I'm not your buddy, guy
Y’all got to do the gt4 Nissan Z now I’m begging
Gayest car ever
Great job love the owner 1,23 concept  im a mix of 1&2 somehow can’t afford it but i want to try it 😂 think im going to try owner 2👍🏻
That is an ugly car
Half baked effort.     Not a chance that I would buy one.  I’m more a Civic Type R  buyer but I also do like that Camaro.
I would put a Nissan titan 5.6 in it
Love the channel guys. Cheers from Australia
I'm working on getting a new Z by this coming spring. I could care less about track lap times, as I will only be driving it on the street, public roads. So its role as a GT car is perfect.
that perfect rectangle grill is so goofy looking
I'm kinda laughing seeing him rev to redline so casually - pushing my stock Camaro V6 manual to redline borders on scary, you gotta be paying attention to keep it tamed.
Nissan does that all the time. The "brand new" Frontier is exactly the same chassis, just a new body
Love this!
Fun Fact:This Car Can Tune To 1300HP (Same As Driving Cody 66.0K Subscribe and Video:The 1300HP 2023 Nissan Z/ITS Find of kind!)
What an ugly car.
God I genuinely hate what GM did to the looks of the camaro.
Young guys buying $50-$60K cars and beating the living shxt out of them is always funny to us old guys. Like watching fashion victims wearing bell bottoms or something.
I know that we went through a couple decades where a lot of American sports cars were built by accountants more than engineers, but I think we've passed that time and American sports cars can go toe-to-toe with some of the best European and Japanese cars. Sure you're not going to get a hand-built Pagani, but you're going to get a really bang for your buck, capable machine that's not overly pretentious.
same chassis, you can even fit same lip kits/wing/transmission/clutch/gear/seats, just about everything from the 370z to the 400z
7:51 every time i see this again i tear up a little bit. thank you for being the best supply/substitute teacher
Nice South Park reference! HAHA
The SS 1LE is an absolute king of a (cheaper) track weapon. Seriously the little Camaro that could, keeps up with 3RS’s in corners
looks like they made a really nice looking car inside and out (i think) but thats about it.
My 2.0 CTS has more bark when it starts up lol. Can't hear shit after it warms up though, which is kind of sad.
Car is ass
You guys are pure geniuses and I love the sh out of your content.
I’m sorry but did he say Liverpool?! 😂
nissan needs to drop that name, rusian nazi car
Doesn’t seem like there’s much of a reason to buy this car, especially given how shitty Nissan is.
wait...you guys just said the GR86 was "slower" however your lap chart says otherwise. It's also... what $20k CHEAPER?! you realize what kind of aftermarket that kinda cash taps you into? and it IMMEDIATELY makes owners 2 and 3 into owner 1.  I'm also willing to bet $3k in tires and wheels over the premium on the GR86 would widen that gap even more.
i just realised thomas is actually Tom Holland
The Z is a joke.  2 seconds slower than the massive Charger
Camaro SS>>>>>>>>Nissan Z
I’m not your guy, friend!
From the perspective of being able to get race times, I would expect the nismo version to be the best. I respect this comparison review for taking an equal view. By the way, in Japan, the top grade of the Z is about the same price as the cheapest 2 liter coupe of the Camaro (grade name Coupe LT RS). So living in Japan, it's a bit hard for me to get the best and most satisfying Camaro.
Wasn't expecting to see a GME reference here. DRS and HODL for life apes!!!!!!
You must be blind if you think this looks better than a 370z
Well the markup on the z will make it not as affordable 😢
🌻
I wonder how many takes thomas and james had to make to mispronounce "zed" as "zee"
I am huge fan of V6 turbo charged engines going back to the 03 Pontiac Grand Prix GTP LE SC - although that was a fwd car with a supercharger.
Sorry, but I cannot abide a d#+uchebag ironic moustache.  The reviewer may make some interesting points during this video, but I'll never know because I can't stand looking at him and therefore can't watch the video.  I find myself wishing that the driver's-side airbag will deploy.  I know I'm not the only one...
It doesn't cost *that much* less than a new a Corvette.
Your name is Tom Holland
Feels like this car is just a set up for a Z-R (or similar) to be released thats fully made for track days. Less weight, less sound deadening, louder exhaust, a bit more HP, better tires, more aggressive and samurai sword looks and a stiffer, more planted ride.
pffff, com'on that camaro is around 2 TON that's bugFatti lvl obesitas !!! calling that a trackday special is a Massive middlefinger to any petrolhead ! calling them "stable' to hide the weight is just Wrong
Front end of the Z is ugly, side profile and rear look great though
the immediate difference in smile after jumping in the SS by thomas is golden 🥰🥰
Much better and faster cars for the price.
That "Z" is illegal in europe
I'd never thought a Z would be this much and this is not even including mark ups. I really like the new design but 50k for the performance trim is way too much. Also, it is interesting that both MT and AT are the same price, but either way, there are so many options at that price point.
The Z is a nice car and props to Nissan for giving us a reasonably priced, manual transmission sports car option. However, it's not even in the same league as a SS 1LE...
These guys are never going to see a nissan again 😂
Too bad Nissan has NO functioning quality control to speak of.
They begin to sound like Cheech and Chong... So, it SHOULD weigh 3000lbs, new suspension, good tires, and a re-styled grill... So, for your $50 grand, you're getting  a C4 Corvette... Oh wait, for 50, I can get a C6 Corvette
i will never understand how they somehow thought this shit sound would even be remotely acceptable for such a car. it's driving me crazy.
You guys, you verified what I was thinking.  First, I wouldn't buy a Nissan/Renault.  I was never impressed by Nissan and their reliability.  Nope.  I would prefer the Supra, Camaro, MX5, in that order.  It just does nothing for me.  I would go for a BMW 240 coupe before this.  I'll pass on the Nissan.
So the track car is 3700 lbs?  What kind of track do you drive on, exactly?
Leave it to Nissan to have a shitty gearbox on a new sports car
Front end already looks dated
I sure hope owner number 2 is DRSing his GME shares! 🟣🟣🟣
So i really feel like the only thing missing was the proper pricing. Inflation has sold for anything less than 80k.
Anyone else really getting 2nd gear grind/crunch? Maybe just this particular car?
nice car- i got mine in yellow
This car pulls at the heart strings. It looks so damn sexy.
I was just at the track with my son driving his Genesis with a 3.8 and I was trying to break and use my hand to slow down and I'm still trying to push on the break! Dammmm that car is fast! Especially around corners ! But I loved the Son thingHaHaHa!!!
LOVE the look of the Z, especially the interior…will definitely age well.  It may not be the fastest, but I’m not interested in track times…as long as it can carve canyons, I’m good.  Would also LOVE to see a convertible version and can’t wait to see what NISMO does to it!  But just as important, hoping Nissan or NISMO will fix the shifting issues and offer a short shifter.
I looked forward to the Z and when I saw it, I just didn't like what it ended up with. Pretty bland, boring headlights, bland rear end, horrible color. It's piss color. Now knowing it's not even worth the 50k... really let down.
It’s just a yellow Altima
Nissan dealers are selling the Proto Spec trim at about $50,000 over MSRP which is absolutely highway robbery. Car is barely worth $50k in proto Spec trim as it is.
The very first couple things A Z owner is going to do when he or she gets the car they are probably gonna change the Exhaust the rims and the tires and then probably the suspension anyways
Just wanted to say hi from Ontario! You guys have a great YouTube channel 👍. Cool you guys are from here
As the owner, of a 22 Camaro SS 1LE, I couldn't agree more, that this is a true, world class track car that can be driven on a daily basis. Absolute steal for the money, damn shame their gone after 23.
3:17 - Your son should be in a car seat at this age! Disgusting! REPORTED!  Looks just like you, by the way.
Buy a Mustang GT.
one question ,why camarro does have padle shifts on manual gear box dafuk?Its too expensive to make steering wheels for manual cars?
What a good looking car. Newer cars are so gimmicky this reminds us why we like cars.
Interior is as it should be. Compact, dashboard mold actually had effort go into it instead of the "contrived" slapped on floating screen bs, which is a massive distraction nowadays.  Plus, KNOBS. In a world where people actually want to die pressing a touch screen in a moving vehicle.
Looks like a 370 really they just changed the lights lol and some percs in the motor Nissan bunch of liers
What would be a great challenge is the Toyota Supra vs Gtr vs 370 z
Less than 30 secs in and my head said "It looks crap." It doesn't have the dramatic aesthetics that previous Zs had (for their time). Shame.
But i feel a bit sad that toyota and nissan now dont really have a capability to develop new chassis for the iconic cars
I’m not your buddy guy- Terrance and Phillip 2006
I feel like every time a car is pretty mediocre or just plain kinda shitty for what it is, TH always tries to make it not too offensive to its fans by saying "compared to the competitors, it's unique and one of a kind, so there really aren't any direct competitors" while Thomas says "this is a car I'll buy cheap 10 years down the road and put a roll cage in it and race it."  Last time they did the exact thing? The 2022 WRX. The time before? The VA WRX STI. Let's be honest, I daily and race an STI and these are pretty shit cars compared to its modern competitors (GR Yaris/Corolla, VW Golf R, Civic Type R, Veloster and Elantra N, Focus RS, etc). The difference, though, is that you could buy a VA STI for 25-35k used (or for 10k-25k for the exact same car but older gens since Subaru haven't changed the engine in 20 years), and you could easily push more power and handling performance with it with a few mods. This was always the case with "tuner cars." They were always a lot shittier out of the box compared to Chevy/Ford or the German counterparts, but they were very easily and cheaply moddable to outperform them.   The new Z on the other hand, is in a rather problematic position. To get an LSD in one of these you're looking at a 51k MSRP.  You're now looking at a shitty tuner car that's already more expensive than the competition it was supposed to beat only *after* you put a bunch of money into modding and tuning it.   At least when I bought my 2018 STI for 30k and put 20k more into it, I now have reliable forged internals with every reliability mod known to man, and 415 horsepower to all four wheels (stock is around 240), and a bunch of exterior touches to make it special and mine. This makes the new Z's 50k very unattractive.
Lol bro busted out a v8 that’s not really fair
I'm not your buddy, guy....I'm not your guy, frien
DRS GME
I swear that Z has the ugliest front end of any car in the last 40 years. It's so basic, when did peoples taste turn into a box.
If the Cameron is a manual, what are the paddle shifters for?
That grill makes the Z a "but-her-face," and I'll pass.
love the back of this thing, hate the front.
What were the specifics on the Camaro? I did t hear a year or anything
mazda cx5, thats the buyer...enough said! 🤣
They have one priced at 125k usd down here.....crazy dealer markups
5:50 Granny shifting, not double clutching like you shoulda
Nissan can’t catch a break. At least it’s not an EV lol.
The letter "Z" has some quite unfortunate conotations these times....
Fun! except here in Australia the Camaro is no longer available and was $120000 AUD! The Z however is still here...
Honestly , noone really cares about drifting and racing, at least most customers dont. Just give us a nice looking car with some performance.  Those who are into that will mod it anyways.
No no no what you mean the z is better looking than the Camaro🙆
Yhere is zero reason for me to buy this when the Camaro SS 1LE exists, which I bought for 38k in 2019
Great format for reviewing please continue this. When will c8 make it to the leaderboard?
That in cab lap camera view was so cool. I’m new to the channel, but please do this more often 👏
That description for James was lmfao
Wow, watching them grow every week until they grew by two cups is definitely satisfying, I went with what I commented about and after the first 20 days or so I went up by one cup! I simply go'ogled the latest by Mika Klopsworth and now they’re fuller and firmer than I expected!
It will never sell for 50k. They're going to go for probably 90k after the dealerships gets the new Zs.
Hello friends, listen to our Nissan Z with an spectacular sound of our Cat-Back https://youtu.be/mx-SYpRn-Rw
I love how they compare the z to something in a completely different league to make the car look bad. Can they not do an even comparison? Comparing the Z to the SS 1LE is like comparing apples and oranges. The SS 1LE is a track specific version with upgraded suspension, brembo brakes, better tyres and wheels, performance exhaust, recaro seats etc. All that plus 455hp, of course it's going to be better the two are completely different cars. An even comparison would have been with a standard camaro but no of course they wouldn't do that.
What??? V6 Twin Turbo!! & it's Only Making 400 Horsepower? Are! you! Serious!! That is Totaly Trash!!! LMAO..The New Toyota Yaris GR Makes 300 Horsepower Out Of a 3 Cylinder From a Single Turbo 1.6 L Engine Stock!! that's Totally!! Embarrassing For Nissan!! LMAO🤣
Please no for love of everything that is holy tell me didn’t really just grind a gear
Ok Canadian "card" back pls...   zed.  Zed.   ZED!
Haha, I'm totally Owner 2.
Was seriously thinking about getting a new Z since I drove an 85 300zx in high school.  After this not so much.... That grind pulling into 2nd gear is a huge turnoff.
4:19 A reference to the Canadians from Southpark! 😂 These are all right up my alley.
Great looking car but camaro is better buy for sure.
Nissan has recent dismal record for quality and reliability.   The increased taxes and insurance make-this an extremely poor buy.   With its ridiculous markups.  Plenty of other cars out there,  better prices in 6 to 9months. Already dated components.  Had z years ago, service manager laughed at propensity to break down, (privately).    Stay away!
Yeah I went out and bought the Camaro SS 1LE last week because I wanted the best performance car for $50K.
very rarely do they nail the performance on the first new model (even though its based heavily on the groundwork of the previous Z). Im sure Nissan put the car through its paces with their test drivers and they gave their recommendations, which i think they might do on the next model year. By 2025 this is going to be the monster everyone was hoping it would be. Which means it will likely price out of the demo they want to nail, which is why we have the model we have, for the price that is. The base model will still be the "affordable"  $50K car while the track ready NISMO will be the Godzilla-Lite version at around $80K. See, that's the thing about the Z. It's always been the every mans affordable sports car, it was never meant to be the be-all, end-all sports car in the market. It was meant to be a great ride which on occasion you could take auto-crossing for some all out fun. The Z32 elevated the Z to almost upper echelon sports car tier which was never the original intent, but to compete in the growing market Nissan had to do what they did and it was no longer the everyman's sports car.  This Z is meant to go back to the original spirit of the car.
I have a 1972 240Z. The new Z seems to me that it's falling short in design style compared to the original 240Z.  The front end looks kinda bland below it's nose & grill.  Something seems to be missing... It's not that appealing... Nissan's designers should put more work on the front end & at the rear end as well.. Rear looks like a 90's style of design. Interior dash lacks the sportiness in design too. Needs more improvement too.  I know they can do better...
Dealer advised minimum 15k dealer mark up on these in the US 🤦‍♂️
I see the differences in these two cars that you are able to put another 150 HP easily and cheap on the nissan but not on your camaro because the nissan is a V6 with turbos. So i think as owner 2 or 3 you can do more (tune, suspension, exhaust .. etc) to make it "your car" than the camaro.
The front end is just 🤮
"Supple teacher with a failing YouTube "hahaha 😅
Since Russians started using the Z symbol im not interested. (I'm Ukrainian btw)
i don’t think he knows about stick shift too much
Not the cabbage patch lmao!!!
I got old top gear vibes at the beginning
thing is ASS
Nissan is a crap except for GTR.
The golden ratio 😂😂😂😂
Hilarious boys...nice work as usual.  Really enjoy your reviews.
I'd say buy one used but have you seen the way consumers treat turbocharged engines. You'd be lucky if it ever had one oil change. And the direct injection is not going to help. Did I mention they love using the wrong octane too. At the end of the day, they swapped the VR30 into a 370Z put a bunch of useless driver aids and touch screens in the car and marked it up to 50 grand.
I was not expecting that. 1LE ROCKS!!!
The shifter was rubbish all I was thinking about getting flash backs of Gordon Ramsay 😂
This is amazing because we own both. 2011 camaro RSSS and the 1986 Z…this surprised us as I saw the video for first time. Absolutely could not of said it any better!
please put the Z on the cup tyres!
Apple Car Play is depending on the phone for graphics processing, the internal menu is using the crap processor in the car.
Message to the owner #2: buy an fn2 type-r and then complain about the 2nd gear.
Quality is questionable, the headlight shape and lines that don't match the hood which makes it look weird....Just because the old Z had the giant rectangle front grille doesn't mean it was a good looking design choice to do it again. They are so worried about keeping the heritage look that they will not design the car properly to be an EVOLUTION. Also why do all of the retro sports cars from Japan look like trash. The only good looking car in the entire lineup is the GR86, go buy that.
Nismo
"I'm not your buddy, guy." Well played, sir. I love the SP reference.
Ouuuuuchhh!!! It’s worst than the hellcat! 😭😭😤 omg Nissan, bro I’ve been saying I wanna get the new Z and it’s my dream car but now nvm… idk
I like most of the styling points of the Z. Muscular, reasonably simple, not full of gimmick weirdass moldings
I am ashamed to have just found out that Thomas’ name is the same as Spiderman’s
Im not your Guy buddy 😭  4:20
Great overview. The current gen Camaro is such an underappreciated car. Too bad they'll be ending it's run in 2024. I'm on my second 2SS and LOVE it. I'm not at all a chevy guy. I'm typically a premium/luxury brand guy (my second cars have been Acura/Lexus/Audi). I enjoy trying all brands and types of cars, and have owned, rented, or test driven Porsches (992, 997, 996, Boxster S), Ferrari F430, BMW M4, Mustangs (GT, V6, EcoBoost, Foxbody 4cyl.)), Corvettes (C6, C7), Audi (A4, A5, S4, S5), Infiniti (G35, G37), Nissan 370z, and many others, but for me the Camaro is one of my all-time favorites. So incredibly fun to drive. It has an amazing mix of power, roar, and handling, with lots of modern creature comforts.
I think it looks absolutely awesome. Glad the performance is fun and sounds good. Can’t wait to see them on the road
I love the smile on your son face..
Nice to see someone being honest about the car.  Not that it really matters because it is leagues outside of what I can afford.  Maybe I could be "owner 3" one day but that many years from now I'm likely going for other cars.  I still want this car so badly, just for the looks alone - As a big Z fan and Nissan fan it is beautiful to me
A NISMO version could solve some of the issues.
You’re not my buddy, guy
Since the Nissan feels like a GT car I’d be very interested to see how it compares to a Stinger GT.  It would be great if you could make that happen in one of your future shootouts.   Those GMs really touch you and make you smile.  I’ve had a Formula and a Trans Am from the late 90’s early 00’s and I have great memories in those vehicles.
The French will always f up an iconic car
Best sports car for 15k? C6
The old shift nob was a real Zenis
He said coochie yellow bro, open your ears!
So the Z is a disappointment and still looks like an overweight ladybug. Actually, fits the heritage since the 350 lol
I once owned the 350z and that one was more of a track car. The 370z went soft but was welcome to the teeth chattering 350. I now own the camaro ss 1le and the active MR dampers are simply going to allow the engineers more room to perfect comfort and handling. Won't get that with the Z
“I’m not your buddy, guy” lol nice
The funny thing is majority of the critical internet is always gonna be Owner #3
Camaro ftw
American Muscle > Japanese non muscle.
The Nissan looks vanilla but trying to be a bad girl by lifting it skirt on the back end.....fail
Haha James, that child is way too young to be in the front seat and with not booster seat lol.
I'd like to see you test the 6 cylinder Camero with the le track package someday. Its lighter than the ss.
You guys just sold me a Chevy. LOL
Ima buy this car Idc if the gr 86 beats it i love z cars  and I will not have enough to pay child support but worth it.  The only thing I don't like its that it doesn't have the thiccc hips like previous generation.
Too expensive.  Fuck off
GME to the mooooooooon!!!
Things are just junk
for a completely different take, see Road and Track's experience at Lime Rock Park: https://www.roadandtrack.com/reviews/a40978570/2023-nissan-z-vs-2022-toyota-supra/
The only other car I've seen you guys grind gears on is....the 2cv?
It's definitely an attractive car and definitely an attractive package for 50 to $60,000 twin turbocharged V6 can't go wrong with that
Learn to shift better.
Learn to shift better.
I love the new Z, but will be interested how they develop it in the coming years.  Also huge fan of the SS 1LE, but have you ever done a comparison between the 1LE with manual vs A10. I always see people saying it's faster and such, but the manual is more engaging.  To compare the two in a drag and around the track would be interesting and your opinions.
I was cool with it, even wanted one over a Mustang... until I heard that 2nd gear grind.  That is discouraging.
The looks are shit, the performance are shit, why would you pay 50k for this shit.
The best way to describe the Nissan Z is:  It's like that one kid who was picked on in school for no reason at all. Until one day, that kid... joined the basketball team and made the game-winning shot during homecoming. That kid became the hero of his graduation class 🥺
If the “Second Owner” (Guilty) wasn’t just nailed to perfection!!!!
When they started talking about how shit the carpet was. No wonder why they probably don't own or have driven Lamborghini... I'm quite the opposite people just love to tamper with my stuff.
The @400zFairlady is mine. Register 400Z. This is my future 2023 Nissan Z. @400zFairlady
In a different timeline, two of Jesus's disciples are out here reviewing cars.
Cant compete with a 1le for the price
6:16 Uh, James, you do know that a “cacophony” is a bad thing, right? I think you may mean “symphony”…
I was a first owner and I'm just about to sell my 2014 370z with 60k miles on it this week. I'm so ready for something different and more comfortable.
I don't know why there was any need to be so bashful about "handling the knob" "grasping the knob" and "being rough with the knob"????
automatic rev-matching.... lol.
im also owner #2 but I keep it forever
Just leaves more room for improvement down the road.  Z cars have always been more about being a good GT car than a track burner. The 82-83 280 ZX Turbo's were not good track cars. Neither were the 84-89 300ZX or 90-97 300ZX. If you want a good GT car with a manual it fits the bill. Doesn't look to bad either. Just like it's predecessors.
How did the red eye challenger lap so low? Was it snowing that day?
This new z is a failure
so…Z is crap in stock form
Camaro all day.
Hate it
Give me the Camaro
Just as I expected another over priced import pos I wouldn’t even pay 20k new for the z…
The SS 1LE costs $150k in Australia… RIP
It’s got a turbo timer, it times the turbos...as they go around the race track
All these years I wanted for new z and I gotta say I’m very disappointed, now have no choice but get 2023 manual Supra …
the z is the 130,000 dollar hero in seattle right now
I like it that Thomas acknowledges he would’ve failed had it not been because of James. Well done
BMW M240 100 time better!! This car for baby boys and girls))) IMHO
I totally agree that the Camaro SS1LE, Mustang Mach l, Shelby GT350 / GT350R and Toyota Supra 3.0 are much better sport cars compared to the Nissan 400Z
I was owner 3 in high school I became owner 2 after I graduated college I am now a mixture of all three - My daily is an "owner 2" my wifes daily is an "owner 1" my second/project car is an "owner 3" (in reality, at least owner 6).
Both cars make up Ukrainian flag 🥰🤍🇺🇦
Caught that. Im not your buddy guy. lol
4:20  Nice Terrance and Philip reference.
Back in early 2018 I bought a 2ss 1LE for 48 otd.     Everyone and I mean everyone said I bought the wrong car if I wanted a sports car to autocross and track it.    I’m hearing less comments about I have the wrong car    It’s a shame nobody bought them to where GM decided it’s going to axe the best drivers car
You should get some HiCar upgrade ideas from the Donut guys.
I want one so bad if it’s shipped to the UK, if not the new type R civic
Regarding 2nd gear grinding, a properly executed double clutching will remedy that issue.
Fantastic review once again, brave Throttle house! The Z is very cool but the Camaro wins me over and over again..
Gear grinding in 2nd in a brand new car doesn't speak well to longevity (this is a Nissan, after all) and a bad manual is simply not worth it - I would rather have the ZF 8HP or honestly just get a 1LE Camaro or a PP Mustang.
Maybe Nissan was trying to copy the soft/body roll magic of the Miata?
U guys really need to do the gt500 with track package to seenid it beats the Camaro zl1
The moment he started the Camaro I’m like yeah I’d buy this over the Nissan any day 😂 that v8 just 😮‍💨🔥
Superbly crafted review, no surprise. Having owned or at least driven every Z model since the original 240, I was curious to see a balanced track review.  So if I spent way more than my FK8 cost me, and gave up my rear seat and hatch storage and a bunch of other things- I actually need a couple seconds MORE time to get around your course in the Z than in my Type R? Just so I can do a power slide? No thank you.  Visibility issues aside, at least you can make a great case for the Camaro - and you did. Type R stock- great. Camaro 1LE stock- incredible. New Z stock-meh. You would have to mod it a lot just to enjoy driving it on a twisty road let aline a track. I must be buyer # 4- the one that makes a better choice.
Thanks for the review. You broke me of my mighty need for this version. I will stick to finding a good used 370Z.
New versions of my first cars...... Love the 280Z -esk look of the new Z... didn't realize it would be so soft compared to the camero.  Good show, thanks.
FUGLY
29:54 so the mustang gt is the way to go?
Z is a COMPLETE FAILURE. Should have put 500 hp in it to dust the SUPRA in a street race. Nissan marketing team are stupid and don't understand their customer base. Who would buy this over a SUPRA or GT OR SS, .........NOBODY I KNOW.
Camaro SS 1LE is underrated
respect for the supply teachers
in 10 years, there'll be no more gas stations and everyone will be driving an electric.
Wow! Just wow. I even gasped when the lap time came in. Why did they do so little in tuning like chassis and suspension. Anyone think its gonna be a 'oops someone forgot to tighten the couple bolts and nuts' and try and play it off after a few months?
Looks like a Aston Martin ish
“likes: drake (until he texted millie bobby brown)” 😭
ITS A ZED
The new Z is one of the most profoundly disappointing sports cars released in the last few years. It is a 2008 chassis carrying a 2014 drivetrain with a copy/paste interior from the 370Z. It is already outdated even prior to release. That other car may be designed in Germany and built in Austria but at least it’s new.  Not just this channel but other channels and reviews have negatively commented on the new Z performance including squishy suspension, vague steering, disappointing acceleration, etc. But devil’s advocate time: most Z customers do not care about any of that. Most of them will never go to a track or put any mods on it, they just care about looking good driving to the mall or car meets. Speaking of mods, stop it with that, a new “clean sheet” sports car should be great from the factory and not require owner modifications and the Z falls abysmally short.  More devil’s advocate time: I don’t blame Nissan for parts bin reuse from the 370Z/Red Sport or not updating the GT-R. The truth is the average car buyer doesn’t want limited use two seat sports cars, they want EV SUVs. Nissan knew the new Z wouldn’t be a barn burning seller so that’s why they cheaped out on the Z redesign.
U can get a 2022 camaro with 6.2 for like 33k msrp also has a ton of options
That color looks like it has been fading in the sun for 15 years
when you say you are Canadian then you definitely are american. America is a continent, just like i'm european. And supra was a very mediocre car at best. It was for the recycle bin until people started to rediscover it after these corny and hideous movies fast n furius. Noone remembered that car, nothing exceptional about it.
Yeah but..        an American car to a Canadian is pretty much like what an American car is to an American.  Hell..    Demons, Challengers, Chargers, GT’s etc..  are all made there.  Just as much theirs as they are ours.
As owner 1 of family cars and owner 2 of fun cars, I love the Z over the Camaro.  I can drive the Z to work and shopping.  Having driven a friend's camaro on the streets, I was terrified.  Visibility was terrible.  I felt closed in, even though there is a back seat.  All camaros should come with blind-spot monitors.  Supra or Z?  Which one is comfortable on the way to work and fun on the way home?
Love my camaro on track! But shes so expensive on consumables.
The 2018 mustang gt was the same way with the shifter! The trans was rated at 430hp and the engine made 460! How the hell?! I called 10 transmission shops around town and all refused to work on my trans. So I bought a 10 speed lol
Owner #2 so spot on I feel attacked..
Such a disappointment for the money Nissan 😞..
Such a high quality channel. I watch a video either when I’m looking for a car to daydream about or when I’m just looking for entertainment.
I never got the deal people made when they unveiled this newer Z.  It's basically the exact same as the old car. A few minor tweaks, mostly sheet metal, but it's largely the same as the 350Z that was unveiled almost 20 years ago.  It was extremely half assed, but the media made a deal just because it's rear end paid homage to earlier Z's and because it could be had in manual.
"GR86 is slower" 30 minutes in. it's half a second higher on your own leaderboard!
that gear grinding issue has been mentioned by Alot of other reviewers and is a serious concern... imagine that tranny after 75kmi of grinding, if it even goes that long before problems... The other  thing thats blatantly obvious is the soft sprung, ponderous handling...Its squatting back and leaning forward and rebounding all over the place...its about as far from being a track car as could be...when the supra manual comes out, its gonna eat this car alive on All fronts..
I just can’t stand nissan other than a GTR
made the connection between the supra and bmw but forgot to mention  that the Z is a combination of old Nissan and Mercedes.
Had my build complete at the dealer and darn near signed on the dotted line for that 1LE.....then ordered an M240i the next day. That zero to 60...Thomas has ruined me.
I am literally owner 3😂  Car: Infiniti g37x Condition: 13 years old, 280,000km
“I’m not your buddy, guy!”  What y’all know about South Park?! 😂
Electric steering over Hydraulic is a step back ALWAYS. Same with electric handbrake BTW.
'and on the road it feels very quick to me!'  That's all you need, owner 1. That's all you need.
Hey ! THAT was drifting @30:30 !! (low key 'nice')
New car owners are wankers. Simple.
Anyone else watch Hagerty's Z heritage video, felt almost the same in this vid oddly imo.  I got the fairlady joke but im pretty sure its not a fair lady also random fact, it's not a 400z, the R&D team said it was a 3.0 and they didn't want to map it down as a 300z because people would complain that was a step back
I'm not your guy, friend!
where are you finding them for 50k???? most if not all dealers are marking them up to like 100k plus
That's the world War z car....... looks as if a Russian from 2002 built it...........
Nissan and transmissions
Nice baby Z CAR HERE AT $50 k sounds n looks great too. Rebirth is always nice to see of this iconic car in 2023 right . Da old 370 n 240 to now wow
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
gonna miss the camaro
The color is rather hideous. The steering wheel is too skinny. I like the rear lights, dash-mounted gauges. $61k! Ya right.  man, hot lab Z and I can hear the suspension slamming for good lord. I see the seats in the camaro not providing enough bolstering. The interior is pretty nice.
Brilliant!  Sad that as we come to the end of ICE sports cars, that the Z is just so-so. Of course,knowing the dire financial straits of Nissan, perhaps we should be thankful for anything at all.
50k my ass the dealership in florida selling it for 125k
Nissan dropped the ball. Looks pretty it's fairly fast & affordable only because it has the V6 twin turbo. What's sad is it weighs about 3,550 lbs. The Q50 weighs 3650 and the red sport pulls similar numbers. With that engine the Z should be much quicker but it's not.
Nissan, what have you done ? From an iconic Need for Speed 350Z you now made a Miyata. 👎
Is there a nismo version for this one?
Still prefer 400z legend car. Can’t wait for the aftermarket parts it would be much fun to modify 😍👏🏻
At last we see James' son and what a strong resemblance 🙂
Do Canadians not say "zed"?
Any idea when you guys might get your hands on the new GR Corolla?? Love the content gentlemen!
In 15 years, someone will turn one of these into an electric car...
are we all gonna act like the Q60 redsport hasn't been out for over 5 years and looks way better. if this really isn't a drivers car i don't see what separates the two other than looks and manual trans
Easily the best, most honest review seen to date. Thanks guys.  I guess I'll just stick to my Z32 300ZX.
look at that shifter shake! :o
On this Episode of Throttle House.  Its the A6M Zero vs the F6F Hellcat
Great video as usual... really enjoyed it! So, you said the Miata and the GR 86 were both better connected, but slower... yet the the GR 86 turned a faster lap time by a half second. So, the GR 86 is more connected and FASTER (on a track) at nearly HALF the price! LOL! I get that better tires on the Z would put it slightly ahead of the GR 86, and the addition of a nice set of coilovers would put the Z significantly ahead, but still... for nearly half the price, I'll take the GR 86, thanks!
Mk5 Supra>>>>>
Guess who is about to put an order on a 2ss 1le from factory (at MSRP)… as much as I love the idea of the new Z, the Chevy is just too good at that price. I can’t justify a “would be” great car for 52k if you put in the necessary mods… don’t forget the mark up too.
Thanks. Not even looking at the Z anymore after this review. I've had the Camaro SS-1LE in my mind since it came out, the reviews are great and used prices arent horrible. Going for either a Camaro or an M2.
Meh, BRZ is a better buy.   Start at 9:00
I fucking knew you're in GME. FUCKING KNEW IT!!
The Z as it is is not a track car, it’s a daily. And as a daily it kills the Camaro, Price wise, and comfort. You do not buy a Z for track purpose only… review for kiddos. For the entry price of a Z vs Camaro : tune it up for the track and retest again…
Hands-down a brilliant review, you guys. For me, this really transcended the typical "show and tell" that hits the car's highs and lows without really getting into the weeds to become an engaging, detailed, brilliantly shot and told story about what the car really is. Despite being a Track Series video, this told me more about the Z than any other review of it that I've watched (and I really loved the contrast with the Camaro). Great, great work.
and to think one of these in florida is going for 124k hahahaha the poor bastard that buys that car……  i really wanted this car to be better. c6 z06 gr corolla gr86 and type r are still on my list. Need to check out this camaro now hahaha
50k god damn
Too much going on in that car and the gear grind is terrible.  Buy a used Lotus Elise for the same price and enjoy the ride alot more.
You called the GR86 “much slower” but yet it got better lap times 🥲
Yup, tires and new suspension and you have a good car. But that 2nd gear grind is a no go for me.
50k? Maybe in Australia.  In greedy USA? The new Z is 100k or more from dealer markups.
I like it, but I can't see myself driving something like this. I drive a truck, and I am doing burnouts and sliding all over town because it is so fun. This doesn't seem to want to do that, despite being more sporty than my huge truck.
The z has always been the in-between car, not supposed to be obnoxiously fast, it's not supposed to be the best handling car, it's not supposed to be the best sounding, it's not supposed to get the best gas mileage or be the most gorgeous car, but it's supposed to have a decent amount of all of those which for me is great, I don't need the most amazing car ever for a decent price. It has a little of everything, and I love that about it.
Ahhh yes, gear grind. A Nissan trademark!
So the comparison is basically dating a person for their looks rather than personality LOL
cant wait for dealers to sell it at 80k+
*says GR86 is slower than new Z* *New Z gets 2 second slower lap time than GR86*
The Camaro or your M2?
the front end is ugly but the rear is beautiful just like your mom
Wait. JAMES HAD AN F-TYPE!? WHY AM I JUST KNOW LEARNING THIS!?
$50000 msrp with a $50000 markup
It’s darn ugly for sure.
That front end is fuuuuuugly
For $50k just get a used ATS-V Or a used CTS-V. Faster, more tech, more luxury too and the engine sounds amazing
My type R is faster around their track!?!?  wow.
Was so excited when this car was announced, 100% decided i would be buying, then the price came and it was announced it was on the 370 platform and eehhhhhh.  The marketing people also kept saying "significantly cheaper than the Supra" but the performance Z is literally 3k less than the 6 cyl Supra, and if you're buying it for the performance or for track driving, the extra 3k for the Supra is a no brainer.  Don't even want to know what time a base Z would put down.  Then started looking at other cars and found you could get a fully loaded used Z51 C7 stingray for less money.  Bought that instead.  Still want to stop buy a Nissan dealer and drive one though.
I’m a huge fan of the 350 and 370 but wow this car is disappointing to me, they took the most iconic drift/track car line of the 2000’s and removed everything that made it a great track car
The Supra and the new M240i are way superior in every way. Nissan just can’t compete with BMW. The hype this average car got was annoying
Have to say the Camaro , when compared to the Z, is a very poorly made car. The quality is just not there. I looked at several and the workmanship and finish left much to be desired. Cheap plastic looking everything, door gaps and panel gaps were all over the place. As a car guy and an engineer I just could not live with such sloppy work. Maybe it has a growling beast under the hood, but that alone does not make a car. Plus how many days does the average guy spend on the track? For me two days in my entire life. I want a car that hits the spot every day I drive it on a regular road. Oh and for the record, the Z is not for me either, it skips out of line at the rear at the drop of a hat, not good at all, but the finish is way better than the Camaro, but then again almost any car is a better finish than the Camaro, which of all cars I have seen, is the worst by far.
This is a tough sell for 50 grand. And with markups it will likely be closer 60. Definitely isn't performance bargain. They'll probably look to make an electric sports car soon to replace this. And hey the  new GTR could be great
It's such a great looking car, I was hoping it would be a monster on the track....
50,000? hahah 120,000 after dealer markup... sadly ill be unable to have one now.. Might as well get a lamborghini gallardo for the money the dealers are gonna take you for...   In america at least, the dealerships are absolutely destroying this country with markup.
I’ve never seen a Camaro drift car...because 90 percent of them are all Nissans 😂. Z or Silvia’s.  Maybe, just maybe it’s for a reason!!
The enemy is the extra $50k mark up
Bravo gentlemen. Keep up the strong work.
I was so excited to get my new Z, until the reviews came out.... Now I'm sure it will be destined for the flipping market as first year production is so limited.
No foglights ? Why Nissan ? Why??
Can you please review the 2023 Lexus UX please? I know it’s not the views driving car, but I’m sure you guys will find a way to make it interesting.
I retire in a few months and drove hundreds of cars. I’ll intern for you. Problem is I’m dynamic and handsome but I’ll work for you. For free. For 6 months.
Yea. Build all your videos and do a weekly or monthly “episode”. Throw in your charisma and charm. Add who you are. Perfect.
Also, come drive my bmws in so cal
Release them all for viewers and mikes and comments and the algorithms but shoot it in a way you can build it all for a full length episode. Then you two are the new top geeeeeer (they are watching) North America
See below
I have A thought. Why don’t you wait and build one video for an hour that does : track review, then Vs now, and a regular review and edit the entire video. It humbles me as a prior automotive review columnist turned corporate/military (don’t ask) that you two have the ability to make a full length hour video that does it all. Even rent a space to talk car news. See where I’m going????
Nissan and Infiniti. Legendary. Toyota Lexus Honda and Acura is dated in my eyes. They dont cater any younger drivers. Nissan and Infiniti will stay cool with innovative interiors and performance based.
This Nissan Z is pureee BadAZZZZZ. You cannot deny that. I still see Nissans and Infiniti coupes tearing up the roads. So i know this model is dope as fukkkkk
$61k whaaaaaaaaattttt that's insane lol I wanted one of these but guess it's not in my budget lol definitely need the manual but for the performance trim that seems pricey.
You 2 🙌...the Z 🤢🤮
Is the sound system really that bad like they say it is?
So this is a bit of a 1998 Camaro. Eesh.
Sorry but i tried to buy nissan Z they added markup, if this car around $40-45K it's good market price how ever its more than 50K. no way. there are many option. i bought bmw m240i and i dont care manual because f.king traffic.
Yeah springs and exhaust straight off.
What a disaster in stock tune (a former 260Z owner) 😢
YES YES 1LE BANG FOR THE BUCK
That second gear crunch would be enough for me to avoid this car. How can I have fun if I’m worried at the 1st to 2nd shift? If this one is doing it then a lot of others Z's are doing it. They were doing it in the 80's and Nissan still hasn’t ironed it out?
I don’t even think they make the Z with a sunroof.
I would love to see you guys do some independent reviews and comparisons amongst a Challenger 392 Scat-Pack, Camaro SS1LE and Mustang March1. All same year (between 2018 and 2022 year models). It would be an honor for my upcoming birthday. Thanks always for being one of the most brutally honest automotive documentarians.
Nissans are gay the new Z included
As someone who loves your videos but most likely won't ever track something like this, I'd love to see a slalom on the Z for something more real-world. The way the front end was completely washed out under the conditions of most of its lap look... concerning.
That Z looks terrible. I can’t even swallow it saying it will grow on me. Looks terrible. The lights. Like wtf why are they so damn small and awkward
In a new car, doesnt matter the price, gear grind should be illegal…..
Well I think Nissan has actually nailed it!  Nissan doesn't sell to third owners, they sell to first owners.  Most of whom were second owners of the originals.  These are people born between the early '60's and the early 1980's.  They want a fast car that is easy to get in and out of, that reminds them of being a teenager while driving comfortably across the country to see their grand children.  I could be a second owner of one.
it is so cheap cause they cut off design budget. looks so bad...
I guess u can see it at formula drift the second it cones out ;p
I'd still choose a BMW Supra
It's funny that they go from like, driver 1-3, I'm straight up like driver 5-6
Haha, called it. Everyone saying it was going to destroy the Supra are eating their words now.
Bring that to Canada and you'll be lookin at a $85,000 car
Totally relate to the used buying race car guy. Picked up a low miles C7 Z51 3LT for 50k with the 7 speed manual. I still think those are great value for the performance you get
Just wondering since you guys are a fan of the LFA if you have seen what is apparently its replacement, a girl from here in Australia going by the name Supercar Blondie somehow got hold of one and apart from the fact it's electric is stunning. For some reason people keep letting her review extremely expensive and rare cars, no idea why.😉
So this car is for those 40 year olds that liked the old Zs while they were sports cars and they couldn't afford them but now they need a GT car because they got old
Kust say u can drive a good car
Nissan lost me I wanted one but I can't afford 50 k or dealer markups
I was going to buy a Z, I am not anymore. Drivers cars only and the Z is not one of those.
I hope the Nismo will be better
"Thanks buddy"..."I'm not your buddy, guy." 🤣
The real enemy is the $50k mark up.
was that Golf R time the mk8?
it's pronounced "Zed" not "Zeee"
De ja vu 2022.."oh it's no good on the track!" 2032 .."this really is a fantastic sports/GT car, it's a shame they don't make them like this anymore"...
Great video! I honestly loved the old v new luxury videos you guys did! A crazily cheap Bentley right now is the Bentley Arnage. I believe it can put up a decent fight against a new bentley!
I wouldn't say that the new Z's sports car DNA has been diluted. None of the previous 350 or 370 iterations have been at home on the track in stock form, and this new one is no different. Which makes sense, because it's underpinnings are so similar to the old cars.
Support
We appreciate your honesty
I get the feeling from this review, that almost everything that can be criticized, can also be, modified.
The nissan Z
"I'm not your buddy, guy" - Owner 1, Circa 2022. Masterful.
The Warrior Princess has a Zeenis!?
The Drake shade was HEAVY
How did I go from owner 3 to owner 1 😵
Guess I won't be trying out the new Z after all when I sell my Supra. Probably gonna go 718 GTS.
You can feel the ridiculous suspension in the Z by just watching the video
I would rather the new Toyota GR
Throttle House just keeps raising their own bar. 😄
For that money I'd rather buy a supra, faster, and better looking lol
That's my car! I picked up a brand new 2022 SS 1LE in that same Rapid Blue earlier this year for $44k. What a car.
Possibly 2nd & 3rd gear grinds could be due to a rubber clutch line needing to be replaced by a stainless steel line? Sorry if this was mentioned already
Is this better gt than Stinger gt?
i really think its a disservice to wish that the z was more like the supra,, or even a camaro, all of those cars are nice but sales speak for themselves, the GR is an evolution, the supra is a bmw you cant roll the windows down on, and the gm is talking about discontinuing the camaro... The Z has everything you need, and with cars having to be everything for everyone especially with the economy being the way it is, i think its actually perfect, 99% of drivers want a race car but almost non actually race their cars.  The z is going to continue to be a tuner platform, but first year sales are going to be lackluster, mostly due to dealers putting 90k markups on them
Ouch. "Full-time GME holder" hit a little bit too close to home.
Y’all guys never fail to have me laughing b each episode 🤣
Jesus, I AM owner two, you nailed me. I am the second owner of a Q60 RedSport (basically this exact car), I'm a realtor, I golf, and I love Succession, you have me pegged guys haha (minus the Drake part).
Not 40k. I saw a new one for 130k
All the cars that beat the Z, were all special version of that particular car, like they were all track version  etc...  I still think it did ok if you look at who it beat. and over Nissan got it right!
My first car was an 88 300zx. All black, black leather interior, t tops! Standard transmission, turbo charged, dual exhaust. Loved it. 😍
Likes Drake, until he texted Millie Bobby Brown. I died.
The good thing is the modding community is already ready for this car because of the Q50/60 so people are going to have these going quick, fast
It would be nice if dealers could honor this price instead of charging 120k.
Even though this my 5th time watching this 😂😂
Can y’all do the 9 speed automatic please for use automatic drivers I believe they might driver differently weirdly
The turbo speed is purely tuning oriented  You don't need to see it some driving, which is funny, but the fact that Nissan is taking that into account, means for far more accurate tuning of the engine parameters, with an impeller sensor. It makes a big difference in fuel/ignition tuning.
Nice car, but 50K is too high.
Fulltime GME holder lmfao.
But it’s still a Nissan…
The rear looks like a Polaris 2 and I don’t dig it. Mouth is fugly too and I hate the color honestly.
I love my fairlady Z fam 💚💃👉👀💃💋🤘
I just bought a manual 2010 Camaro, and I can confirm for the money they are stupidly fun cars
It's slower than a civic
$50k? You mean $130,000?😂💀
How can ya'll show all these GT cars without showing the AMG GT black series?
We all know how nasty the Z will be when it’s modified, I’m glad from factory it’s a fair lady
Is it the ferrari roma of the sports car market ?
GMErica
Ty Thomas for the happy little driving accidents. You guys are the best.
It's ''zed', not 'cee'.
Its competition and price is more g86 and on a track its slower despite the increased power. The yellow is i left it in the sun to long yellow
50k? It hit the dealer lots buddy.....  its 130k.    I seen one as low as 110k. Good luck everyone.
The best car for $50k? Not if dealer markups have anything to say about it.
Renault gearbox grinding 🤣😆. Well I guess it is a Renault engine 😆.
Really ugly car
12:50 what mic is that, holy crap it's crisp and beautiful with editing. I need it.
GME to the moon babyyyyy
To be fair, the 300zx, 300z, 370 didn't feel like sports cars either...more of GT cars
that south park "buddy" and "guy" reference made this the best car review on youtube
fuck this.. get a ZL1 Camaro
LMAO 3:18 I thought he was gunna crash with his child
Nissan gonna be pissed about those power slides lol
To bad no dealers have them yet, I thought they were suppose to be available by now.
I tried to watch this video while I was working, and I didn't get any work done.
Drake (until he text MBB) LMAOOO
I also take into account the “ownership generation” of enthusiast cars. You missed one; I’d posit Thomas is actually, like me, Owner 4: the owner who brings cars back to life, maybe even saving them from scrap. Owner 2 was accurate, but Owner 3 is the worst of the bunch: the one who lets the car go. Deferred maintenance, leaves it out wet, parks it wherever, curbs the wheels, you name it. Then the savior, Owner 4, puts off retirement by another year by turning the car into a money pit.
Sometime manufacturers just dont know... how you gonna tell James not to drift a Z! Lmfao we all bought the old one and drifted once in our life
I've seen every YouTube ssy they've been grinding 2nd gear
Datsun!
My 1983 280zx grinded going into 2nd... It wasn't a true sports car either... Might be just what I'm looking for at 52
"A GR86 is much slow" except it wasn't according to your laptime board. lol
Alpha 2 chassis is world class in a Camaro or Cadillac, I’m disappointed in the new Zs performance but maybe the Nismo will be way better, I’ll take the 1LE, too bad more buyers don’t care about world class chassis’.
Love it that you guys are still real. I know two other car reviewers that just praise every car they drive. This is what real car journalism is.
It would be cool if you guys displayed some car info on the screen during track laps. Like a shot of the tach and the timer
Oh, man, I will miss the intros
I'm not your guy, pal
RIP R36 GTR review. Nissan puts hits out on dudes!
Sorry, but for me the Z is probably the most boring looking design for a new car availible today.  Hardly a single styling que anywhere on the body. Bland bland bland!
You take this thing to a track day, you’ll be driving back home with a rug burn and sore butt.
As the "first owner" of the Z, what modds should I do? Tires, springs, and exhaust?
Open diff on the $40K model? 😳
The 370z always have second gear or 3rd gear grind
What a shame. I was hoping for so much more. All those looks wasted. Maybe there will be a NISMO.
I’m so confused, why has the Camaro electronic Shift Pedals? It’s a manual car?  What on earth is happening there…
I love this car maybe I’ll buy one one day!
I died when i saw owner #2's likes. Top tier comedy
Why am I just realizing Thomas’ name is Tom Holland…. Flipping Spider-Man
So safe to say the new 400z is a disappointment!!!!!! Maybe not so much when it's in the 15k price range but not at 60k
2nd owner 370z here 😂😂 the z trans always grinds when new then it wears in. And yes past 3 z’s have been overly quiet. Every second owner gets an exhaust lmaooo
I dunno.  This best way to describe this car is bland: vanilla exterior, meh interior, and other than in a straight-line, average to a bit below performance.
The threat of losing the ability to review new Nissans is not enough to stop them from a actually using it
Somebody missed a shift on the Z, sometime before you got it, that is why 2nd gear was grinding.
Fort Myers Nissan < Florida >got this car in. Dealer mark-up < price gouge > price is $ 124,915.  Limited production GT-R dealer mark-up price $400,000. Guess this is okay with Nissan. I will not buy one for these prices.
1LE owner here. Love it and really underrated car for the money. Car is so much fun and too much to add here as to why so just take my word for it. Would not sell it nor even considered trading it for a Z.
You could literally buy a 2016 z06 for the same price as a 400Z. Why fanboys 🍆 ride the Jdm bandwagon is beyond me. Even the top drifters in Japan (Daigo, Nobu, Tsuchiya etc) own Corvettes or drive LS builds competitively. Only fanboys in the US and Eu justify this stupidity.
Gearbox??? Press car syndrome??? Someone probably never driven a stick and killed the 2nd synchro mash???
Excellent and fair review. Fun, informational, and well paced. Thank you!
2nd gear grind already? My 29 year old Honda with a Prelude VTEC swap and Accord SiR tranny doesn’t even do that and I can shift at 8k all day long.
This showed how much Nissan payed attention to the enthusiasts. This will cripple their sales especially at a 50k price point. Disappointing to say the least
Z is getting uglier
Mustache'd man holding a doll hand.   Nope, don't like it.
If owner #3 act a bit grumpy then he could easily passed for the guy from Parks & Recreations…
“Full time GME holder” you love to see it.
The car is extremely boring to look at! When the people take this car to a mixed car show,98% will look at it for about 5sec and walk to the next car.
I lost it when he said I’m not your buddy guy
How many fellow driver #2' hodlers out there?
Oh man that 2nd grind is hurting me 😂
this is soooooo good, especially when 1LE stepped up! I race a ZL1 1LE, that Nissan is a wanna be...ST
lol Nissan sucks ass
Seems steering needs work, maybe some more boost a tune or something,  exhaust definitely,  rear end stuff.
What year is that camaro? And SS 1LE or what'd they say? Also this New Z does need some work, it needs to be better at that price tag. Even not a nismo version just this Z or thr performance package it needs more . As they said
I can't wait to see a ls swapped version of this lol
I still think the Nissan would be a good car for my mom, she has missed having a sports car and had a 240z when she was younger. Being that this is softer and full of safety features, in a way it feels like this car has perfectly aged with its customer in that way.
As a full time GME holder i can confirm im gettin this car
Your acting while driving the car was terrible man lol. Not feeling this video
Oh no... I've lost traction rather suddenly.... would be a shame if I... drifted off to the side....
Hate the front end. I don't think it's a good looking car at all. It's another fail by Nissan. Nissan doesn't listen to the people reviewing the cars..... The 2016+ Maxima No AWD, CVT transmission. Biggest complaint from every reviewer. Still made with  No AWD and a CVT transmission. smh
Wouldn’t mind that Camaro. Only problem is in Oz it costs near $190aud compared to $82 for the Z. Whole different league
Great now the Z boys are gonna be Camaro fans
Great realistic review. Thanks. This being more GT (which is fine for me) then sports car, I am curious what Infiniti would have done to its Q60 if stuck around.
I think they overdone with the new Z. This car belongs in the family of the original Z cars back in the 70's. A sporty car but not a supercar performer. The Z family should have stayed more in the lines of the Golf GTI, or BRZ/GT86 line. A sporty, yet affordable car.
auto rev match is stupid  j learn how
Yea but we all know the stock tires on the Z hurt the car overall, would like to see a review with proper tires.  No enthusiast is keeping the stock ones on.
It needs the Vk56
Love the South Park Terence and Philip reference. I’m not your buddy guy
8:01 the self deprication humor by Thomas is great... James really made the channel better, but was still one of my favoriite car review channels.
ATTENTION ⚠️ Everyone be extremely careful, there is a person privately texting comment posters on here, this person is pretending to be one of the guys on the channel and even has the logo of the Chanel to deceive people, they will tell you that you are the winner of a PS5 raffle and ask you to provide all your personal info, don’t fall for it this is a scam !!
It’s absolutely hideous
Sorry Z
I'm here to see the all new Z" ! But instead I keep seeing this guy's funny moustache.
So with out saying it y’all simply were saying it’s not worth it Lol
Where the heck did you guys get that baby doll 😭 I can't... I need one so bad they're so cutee
Owner 2- full time GME holder.   Oof shots fired!!
One thing these 2 guys forget is reliability. Which car is still going to be drivable in 10 years. Certainly not the camaro. Majority of car owners are not race car drivers, who TF is going to drift on every street corner and if you're using a car for the track, you do not want to drift. That is why Throttle House are not good street car reviewers and they no nothing of track driving because they always want to drift every car they review.
So it sucks... got it. 🤣 I dislike when reviewers try to stay in a companies good graces.
As an owner of a 2019 Camaro SS 1LE I will also say it's an amazing car for the price. Especially in its stock form you just can't beat it! Plus imo the car looks great too.
Its a coochie yellow is my favorite
Its slower than a GR 86, Damn! Really love this style of video, I am one of the 3rd owner types who is just getting started. I just bought a 08 IS250 M6, need to install an LSD and a nice exhaust that does doesn't sound like the muffler delete the previous owner did. At sometime in future I will probably get to own an actual 2 door sports car but for now needed something reliable as well as the ability to fit the family.
Im not your guy, buddy 😠
Is that a real moustache?  It looks fake. You should have applied wax on it.  🤣🤣🤣🤣
I would still buy it over the supra just because it's a real Nissan and it's more  Livable. However the Camaro is very hard to say no to
what? camero is junk...  they always break down.  it can preform however you need a pocket with no bottom and the patience with it always being broke down
keto does work tho
Idc you could never ever catch me in a camero. The ugliest fuckin car
zed not zee
I got a g and yea that 1st to 2nd isn’t always the smoothest 😭😂
One thing he failed to mention between the ss and 400z is the nissan is probably 2-3x better on gas mileage. So that in itself is saving you more money, which makes the camaro more costly to own
I’m third owner of a 981 Boxster S (60,000 miles) and couldn’t be happier. Not much to do with this car’s N/A engine except an exhaust and tune to bring it up to 370 hp and 4.2 to 60. 32 mpg at 65 on the highway. Rock solid reliable, two large trunks front and rear, and phenomenal mid engined handling with Porsche panache, and it only cost 45k! There is no substitute
What about chev roll lah sounds American.  That's a French Canadia special.
Take it to the dealer, for those type of shifter grinding for example, should have recalls warranties. You don’t have to live with it
It is pronounced “zed”
OMG James, I can’t stop laughing! When he mentions his son and it’s a cabbage patch doll I think. I love these guys. 🤣🤣🤣
Looks he’s driving a boat when in that Z
I don't feel the new Z is going to be a winner fro Nissan. Kind of bland compared to when they unveiled the 350Z back in the day.
What do you think about the ev Dodge Charger SRT personally I like it and it will grow on people how ever I wish they would have used the interior for the Gas SRT why wait this long ? But it still looks like a dodge kinda like a long dodge challengers. I think we can all agree the the EV cars has a weird shape for all EV they don’t look like regular cars because they are not
Me personally, i cant spend all that money for a interior that looks like its a 20k car.
Good one , the Z could of been so much more , what about modified is outstanding. ✅✅✅✅ M1 Ghost 👻.
I love how the straight pipes were not about drifting it at all!!  Love it.  They also mentioned the grinding
Grinding?? Sheesh…
Can someone tell me name this race track is? Certainly in canada but names...
So Nissan made a Mustang
Nissan sucks
Z looks crap. Gearbox crunch. WTF
I’m excited to see future iterations, this is just the first take
Well done video. Thanks. Z needs to be tuned.
Review shows exactly why it is pointless assessing a car on a race track. They aren’t bought to drive on a race track. People buy cars to drive to work, shops, holidays. Reviews should assess a car in its real world environment. If someone is going to put this on a race track they will strip it and turn it into a track car. Ordinary Joe or Jenny aren’t going to do this and you should assess cars against there intended role.
I’m not even a fan of the Camaro but I’d take the camaro over the z any day
lol, ppl not considering the fact that it's gonna be everything electric, so this stuff it's gonna skyrocket, not drop the price, cuz it's gonna be so rare
Guys, as journalists, you should talk to Nissan and see what they have to say about the gear grind. American reviewers didn't seem to have noticed it. Is that because, as you Brits like to think, Americans are not bright? Or maybe it's just because your particular car is faulty? I'm leaning towards the latter. Nissan Canada might've messed up giving you a faulty car to review, but you should've checked with them before publishing this.
I'd seriously consider a quick BMW if I lived in Europe and a muscle car or Jeep if I was in the US.  But I live in Australia and those cars are overpriced, less reliable and too expensive to maintain and improve here.  I'd love a V8 before the tide fully turns but a Mazda straight 6 will do.
this review was fucking hilarious
What's interesting to me is how much the "Datsun" ZX and Z28 kind of resembled one another in the late 70s/early 80s. That's why I love them
silly question, but how do you put this thing in reverse? doesnt look like theres a lockout collar ring on the gearknob, like the mustang or brz.
It has "ze bulge" 😂😂😂
I'd skip the camaro to just not drive a camaro. Value just can't compensate for style, one of the core tenents of super villainy.
I'll take the Camaro all day
ok so a set of tires, some springs and shocks and an exhaust.  Sounds like stuff people change out immediately anyway.  Still a shame they didn't off those options as upgrades.
That yellow is nasty
Thank you! Your experience is consistent with its aesthetics. The car is ugly inside and out!
CAMARO IS MADE IN CANADA
Genesis G70 is the best sports car you can buy, hands down!
2 door Altima
Apple Carplay runs on your phone, not on the car. That's why it's faster.
I'm owner 2
Infiniti coupe
Good d honest review.... That's why I'm subscribed.   No salesman masquerading as a reviewer....  Getting paid by the OEM and YouTube clicks
i was all for the Z, and still partally am. im a type of person who wants the best bang for there buck... and when you busted out the camaro, there was a total shift... i totally forgot how much power you can get out of a charger/challanger, camaro, or mustang for the price. and ive gotta say, its making me think
I think it's funny how the Z is so old and feel into irrelevancy that we forgot NISMO exists. Nissan can't make the regular Z into a track weapon/performance monster, that's what the NISMO Z is for whenever it comes out.
I'm out, the second gear crunch did it for me.
What a hideous car
The front is reminiscent of a hand held vacuum or an electric shaver, the engine note is that of a muffled hair dryer, and the price as tested is just too damn high.  I'll pass.
"GR86 is slower".... Except in your laptimes
This is the least interesting review and car I have seen from this channel.  The car looks like an oversized Miata with its balls cut off and James commentary is just sad compared to what it was a year ago
Nailed it. I'm owner #2! 😆...also surprised they didn't fix the 2nd gear grinds...
Syncros are a deal breaker.... completely unacceptable
Tires make all the difference thanks!!! Obviously!!!
front is still hideous. And 50k is ridiculous for what is basically a 135is from Nissan a decade too late? It's ridiculous. So sick of 3 bedroom homes that cost 400k and "affordable" cars starting at 37k. I paid 24,600 for my 2013 FR-S. That was mildly affordable. Twice that? nah.
u can get a used hellcat for this price
Nice bite off of M529 restoration
Lol grinds when you're granny shiftin....not double clutchin like ya should.
Straight pipes didn't drift this because of the same reason. Salute to them for following instructions.
The Z is now for Mainstream general commute car same with the c8 vette. Not that it’s a bad thing but the racing enthusiast wants the nismo and Z06 versions that really opens up the potential of the platform. The base car is there to make sales and make room for the halo car when it’s not so tied down to everyday constraints
"This is in coochie yellow" "It's- I'm sorry, what?"
Daily reminder that North America encompasses Canada, and The USA, and both Canadian's and The US are American.
At 16:00 you can here the transmission gear clank at downshift. Not sure if that’s normal
The more negatives you say the better i feel about being to poor to afford it
The "likes drake (before he texted millions Bobby brown)" fucking sent it me
Imposible to get, MSRP is out the roof!
Respect for not drifting
This car suffers from the “Goldilocks” syndrome. It slots between the Miata / Toyobaru Twins and the Supra.  It’s not as good a value as the former; not as good a performer as the latter.
I’m sorry it’s ugly it looks like an electric car with no soul
Great review. Would love to see a comparison between basic Camaro and gr86 (both manuel)
HE'S NOT YOUR GUY FWEN
its not pretty :P its fuggly come on...everyone must be able to see it :P
Wait... why does the Camaro have paddle shifters when it's clearly a manual. I did look it up and supposedly it's for rev matching... like wth! It looks so stupid as if someone installing a steering from auto car.
I think the Z will become a sports car in the Nismo variant.
I saw a manual shifter at about 6 seconds in aaaannnnd I’m out! See you on the next on boys. ✌
Cars are too fucking expensive...
I would love the Nissan style on a GR86
Loved the Review! I have an SS 1le I I track it a couple times a year. You guys were right on the money. Also the jokes at the end killed me!
It looks like a cheap car they are trying to sell for corvette money I’ll wait 5 to 8 years before I’ll ever recommend this car
I hate the styling of that so much
Thé Camaro hands down, the z looks weak
I think Nissan dialed down its propensity to oversteer. The 350Z/370Z can, somewhat unexpectedly, step out and it's not as easy to correct as an E46 or an E39. I use those cars as references because I've had actual experience with them vs the Z. Don't get me wrong, it's not some brutal monster like the first gen Viper but it's not the most forgiving thing.
Never buy the 1st model of anything…..rule  #1  .
OMG worst time than a SUPRA A90 with less power. What a mistake car
Not your buddy guy, nice South Park reference.....
Please make video for WRX manual on track. Thank you. The 2020 model and 2022 model pls
love love love this review..
You should do a 370z Nismo vs 400z on a track
Honda needs to build a new S2000 to give the Z & Supra a run for their money.
what do you want to be when you grow up?  Nissan Z: an Aston😭
This video was amazing and hella funny. I like found a way to tell us how the car would handle when it “accidentally” goes sideways.
nissan is the most frustrating asian car company 😤
People Don't buy the Z because its faster, lighter. They buy it because it its 100x more reliable then every other car you just mentioned. The chevy after 15 years will be in junk yard. furthermore Ive owned 350z and it literally was my dream car in high school, the amount of pu$$% I got made it worth it
UNTIL HE TEXTED MILLIE BOBBY BROWN 💀💀💀  we must protect Throttle House at all costs. a true gem on youtube.
This review really has me thinking of how if the Supra was like the Z it wouldn’t get the praise it gets now Toyota hit it’s target but I feel like the Z isn’t want people thought it would be
Brilliant review. You guys are so good.
At least the Canadian guy knows it’s a Nissan “Z”, and not a Nissan “Zed”…..James!
How is those climate nubs on the Nissan easy to use so low and then so pushed in and behind the gear stick? I don't think muscle memory will help with the position either. Requires a full attention off the road to look down and shift the head position. Very bad engineering IMO.
I love the honest review….I knew these other journalists were bluffing
It is funny that model s plaid in their test is slower than supra 😂
I am wondering how long that gearbox will last with that grind on second gear. If after almost a 100 years of making cars they can't get the gearbox right they need to rethink making cars. I loved my 300z.
Felt like they were trying to not be too negative about the Nissan. For its price it just doesn't deliver and it looks like a bug especially in that yellow. The camaro looks better and performs better and that's where my 60k would go.
Camaro is butt ugly to some of us so doesn't matter what its compared too. I will never be a neck breaker in my opinion. C8 corvette and the Z are beautiful cars.
Solid video as always :)
Z❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🇱🇰
Great review, would like to hear how you think the M240i RWD compares to these two since it is in the same price range.
sad times. gr 86 is the one to get. bang for ur buck.
love how you guys do better promotion for the camaro than gm ever has.
I'd like to think Nissan knows their market really well. The barebones comment is spot on. Nissan does GT cars really well imo, they always have. The skyline, while being heavy, was a lot of people's favorite "sports car" right? They shouldn't have done that with the Z imo but- i'm not entirely complaining. I really think it has all the potential, but I do understand buying one brand new and then having to spend 10k in mods is a little frustrating.   Really good honest review!
At 0:35 speak sense man I'm a car guy not a time traveler. LOL
Finally a Japanese car review. Waiting for the GR Yaris video and upcoming Civic Type R
ugly design ....i am sorry
Anyone catch the Mazda CX-5 buyer reference? (Hints at who recently bought a CX5) lol
“I’m not your buddy, guy” 😂
The back looks great but the front is awful looks like a nerd with braces
Hard to justify the expense over used 370
That Camaro will break down before the Z
So basically if you want a track car, stay away unless you plan to do some fairly big upgrades. Something  you probably don't want to do until it's a few years old.  However, still a great car for someone looking for a sport couple that can be daily driven and is very fast.  What I would do, buy the cheapest sport 6spd. Right away upgrade the tires and exhaust. For a daily summer driver that would be all I'd need.
Good choice...i also bought a 2022 ranger, fx4, partly because of your videos, but also because on paper its the best midsize available... I couldn't be happier with it...i also considered waiting for the 23/24 but we'll see when it comes out...i dont like that its growing in size...i already feel like the current ranger is a little bigger than it should be for midsize
Wow, Acura TLX performance. Lol
Garbage, looks 👎 power👎 interior and space inside👎
4:33 LOL Drake until he texted Millie Bobby Brown
It’s Nissans Luxury brand Infiniti’s engine.  Why will no one give Infiniti its sue credit?? This engine is fantastic!!
First 400 in Tampa got a markup of 36 thousand lol love the new z but not worth 86k
“I’m not your buddy, guy” 🤣
We lost the maxima and are probably gonna lose the GTR so that this could live. I just don't know if it was worth it...
If these are grinding second now...this is going to be a recall. I haven't heard that they do this before, is this a beat on tester and that is the explanation?
what's with the tacho needle pointing the wrong way?
Full time GME holder is right!!!!!!
Love the show. That Z looks worse than the last one. Lazy Nissan. Only good looking car is your way expensive GTR. 🤪🤪
Jacob and Yuri look wierd
I’m not your buddy guy lmao
One of your best videos yet I especially liked “coochie yellow”😂
It would be pretty. If it didn't look like it was missing the front end
Great and honest review guys, thoroughly enjoyed it. Though, I believe these are going to be really good 3rd owner cars considering the “bones” that they carry. The front grill/bumper look needs to go.
These Z will look great with a huge front mount.
That Z in yellow is ugly!
I feel like I'm the real guy 3, I'm literally putting an M113K in... well we won't talk about that yet but it's Japanese, from the 80s, and weighs 2100lbs, and I still have automatics and air conditioning in all my cars, it needs new suspension, it needs the V8 from the QX, and it needs T Tops, because nobody really wanted a new 370Z, those people are just gonna buy a GR86 and a turbo kit these days, they wanted a better 300ZX
Perfect format with opinions from three guys.
15:08 i'm 15 and have barely driven especially not a sports car and yet i knew exactly what he meant bros just amazing at explaining it he got a way w words
Whereas the Supra looks cheap with all the fake plastic vents, Nissan went the other way with pretty much no character at all. Looks like a blank sheet of paper.
So... Basically it's a great car, it just doesn't have track suspension and tyres. By the way, in my opinion it fits in the Z heritage well, and I'm looking forward to see it get tuned all over the place.
At 13.09min, fatal lost for the new Z. Don't get me wrong, I got an Z350 for three very pleasur years and i loved it so much. Till an old oak decides to lay down on it, in an storm in the fall.  The camaro got what the Z needs and it doesn't look like a pile of garbage.  And it has another advantage you might hear.
Looks like it was designed with a machete.
Just like it’s name z it’s performance gets graded with a z. Last in everything lol
Can you guys retest the z on a better tire ?
You guys clearly refuse to put a GT350R track time in
I've been following you guys for a few years now. Really love your show!  But I must ask and I'm a bit irritated about this.... How is your leaderboard existing without a GT-R lap time?
That looks awfull compared to 370 and even 350.......
Not your buddy, guy.    Classic
Hell is frosen, america build better sport car than japan XD
@3:51 THAT was a wicked burn!  But I would still take the BM.... ..Supra.   Well, I haven't driven either so forget what I just said.  except for the wicked burn part
It’s not even aesthetically pleasing…
Nothing about this car excites me… Supra shits on this thing…
The nismo needs to come out ASAP!
"I keep grinding second gear" ... pretty much sums up why the level of driving skill we're dealing with on these reviews.
🔥🔥🤩🤩😍😍❤️❤️🙏👼🌻🌻
Camaro SS 1LE FTW !!!!!!!!!!!!
Solid review. Can’t wait to see them on the road but I rather stick with my Supra. I’m loving that Camaro too, that’s a compelling argument you did for those on the fence about the new Z lol
I'm not your guy, pal!!
So, the Camaro obviously has a manual trans, but why does it also have paddle shifters?
Had ‘19 SS1LE… tracked it.  loved it.  Got a GT4 recently and I may or may not be considering going back to SS1LE (or ZL1?).  the GT4 costs 3x as much and no where near 3x as good.
Had me dying at iza coochie yellow 😭😭🤣🤣🤣
The Z with the automatic transmission is faster to 60 mph than the Supra.  The Z has more HP than the top trim Supra. The Supra sucks. The Z rocks.
If only a person could see out of the Camaro. Somehow. I think I'd rather turbocharge and beef up a new GR86 than buy the Z.
I want both
2nd gear grind you say? Yeah, that’s definitely the definition of a Nissan Z alright 😂
I own a G37s 6MT and a Challenger R/T (pretty modified) 6MT i really REALLY wanted to buy this Z but I think maybe you guys might have convinced me to get a camaro instead, and honestly I'm not sure how I feel about myself right now
Fantastic review!!  I get the sense that people really want to like it, but the choices on suspension, tires and interior mean it's not for you.  Well, not yet, as you so brilliantly pointed out with James' twin, James and Thomas as the three owners.
i’m guessing no one saw drake and millie bobby brown 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
To me, this new Z is a disappointment and could have been A LOT better. Claims 400hp but gets smoked by Supra and the Camaro from a dig. Aesthetically, it’s also lacking but the rear view is well done. The interior reminds me of Nissan Kick especially that infotainment system design.
you guys do such a nice job.
This felt a bit bland for you guy's usual theatrics. Great info but not as fun as your usual materials! Maybe it's the car.
The 3.0TT from the Q50/60 Red Sport is hot GARBAGE.  So is the ancient ass chassis. 🗑🚮🗑 The Toyota GR86 looks better than the new Z 😂
You guys rule!
I think I am going to take that blue car instead of the yellow one.
Just buy a c5 or c6
When you say "Gran tourer" while talking about its handling, I just perceive it as "messed up". I highly doubt that it was the way it was meant to be, even by the original engineers.
HOW OLD IS THOMAS
Making the Z,,,2000 pounds would be more Z than this 4000 pound car
would be cool to see people swapping 370z hydraulic steering racks into these things
When you have a hrd time shifting into secod, are you revving outside of the power band?..my mazdaspeed doesnt shift well when its rev'd a lil too high.
Am I the only one ready to see what NISMO will do with this
I just didn't like the Camaro. I guess I'd be owner 1 or 2 so that probably matters. The A/C controls are stupid. The economy button is stupid and in a stupid place. The infotainment screen is in an awkward place.
I scare my son hahah
When he yanked that Camaro out, I got chills.
The problem with the "isn't it just pretty" part is that it isn't nearly pretty enough.
So once again Nissan and the Z car fails again. I remember reading about the 370 when it first came out and it couldn't keep up on a track cause it kept getting hot and over heating. Now a car that is not a sports car. Or a good one. Lol IDC I don't like them so it's one half dozen to the other two me.
It's an engine swapped 370Z full stop...15yr old outdated interior switch gear and all. Thanks Nissan. Sales hinging on the psuedo enthusiast jumping at the 'cool' retro styling. At least it's still somewhat of a bargain.
hey James like the big mustache, makes you look like a gay freddie mercury or john holmes. oh wait right. suprised nissan remember how to make a manual because thought they only made [ Continual Vucked Tranny] now. nissan has sucked since the 90s
4:20 "I'm not your buddy guy" you cant do that to me, i have a lung condition
It’s like you guys have read every post I’ve made comparing these two cars but there were no track tests. I was waiting on the Z to see if it would be worth it compared to the SS 1LE and Your video helped me make up my mind. Knowing y’all made the same comparison of the two track cars I was considering makes it’s even better because for $52k US you can get an amazing track car & daily driver that cultivates pure American bad ass muscle that’s sadly dying.
That 2nd gear grind hurts my soul.
Car review aside, I'm surprised you guys haven't hit a million subs yet! Your content is amazing and production and quality are very good. I love every video you guys put out.
What a weird car to look at ....if it looks like shit who even cares it handles like a turd.
Throttle House reminds me of Top Gear from the mid 2000s. Visually pleasing video production, humor thoughtfully mixed in, lap times, quirky hosts that each have their own distinct charisma. But what makes them so reminiscent of Clarkson, Hammond, and May is that they’re genuine friends hanging out, and we are there to hang with them by watching the videos
owner 1 is just old james
Having a baby boy soon and my wife and I are naming him James looked on your site for an “and I’m James” onesie and you only have adult sizes. You guys Need some baby sizes.
"I'm not your friend buddy" -Phillip
The nismo Z will be out soon.  That's your track car.
But this looks so calling back to that wonderful 240Z sports car.  Not a muscle car like camaro.  So I think they capyured the past very nicely I give it a thumbs up.  Money wise Im a numberbtwo buyer lol.
Not having to heel toe is beta
You can buy a Z for 40k  You can no longer by a Camaro for less than low 50s  And the Z has the VQHR engine  Twin turbo  We've been getting massive power out of that engine for years.  My q50 with a flash/tune and bolt ons is pushing 500hp.  For 2k total cost.  You can't beat that.
BOOOOO Nissan for denying us drifting, YEAH Throttle House for bringing us what we want. 😅
love ya guys keep it up
Don’t worry boys…the NISMO is coming 😈
Thanks for the review. Looking for a new car and the reviews on this have turned me off. Not that this car is bad but not what im looking for.
Funny thing, the SS 1LE with bare minimum options comes out 5 grand cheaper...
13:10 is my favorite part cause I have one 🙂
Wonder if they will do a 2+2 model, might look better
“ I don’t care where a car is made”. B.S.
Nissan Z Z no way!
So this car is basically just okay
I’m so sad. I have been waiting for throttle house to review this and I had such high hopes. I was genuinely thinking of purchasing this car. I’m just so sad.
Oh well.  I have owned Datsun / Nissan most of my life.  First car was a 72 240Z.  Currently I own a Titan and Infiniti.  I'm trading in the Titan for a Ram 2500.  Ill keep the Infiniti for a while but it will be my last Nissan.
It's Nissan after all not an bmw
Honda Civic type R faster than Z is crap just say it....
4:20 awesome southpark reference 😂
My thinking of the designers of this car is, they are good. They are not geniuses.
Lower Back Doctor? 🤔That would require a custom license plate, right?😁
This is what an electric car should look like.
I need a new daily and am torn between the 2SS 1LE and the A91 supra.
Meh… I don’t get it. Am I the only one that thinks it’s on the ugly side of the spectrum?
Wait for the refresh, Japanese manufacturers always tease with an uninspiring first release
You should do a review of the new dodge charger daytona srt
I actually really appreciate how the A91 Supra and this 400z have pretty different appeal, that way they’re not such direct competitors that all we hear about is people comparing them endlessly
Idk it looks ugly i would prefer older Z
Difference between the two is one will survive to 15 years on 99% of the same parts to 100k plus. I love the camaro but the reliability of GM makes me wonder how in the states they are the manufacturer of choice. They even feel cheaper than anything in its classes
I’d rather spend $10k more to get a Supra
When they talked about the front end nissan look 😂
My local dealer is marking them up $20K.  So much for the entry level $40,000.
I normally buy mustangs over Camaro’s any day but ide be a fool to ignore the fact the Camaro ss le1 is a fantastic track car with great straight line performance for the money 👍🏼. I agree, I rather have the Camaro over the Z
If you want the best track car get the 11th Gen civic type r. It’s not rwd though, but bet it could beat both of those cars easily.
What's funny about you saying you don't care about if the car is American because you're Canadian is that pretty much all Camaros (and all GM products) are made in Canada :^)
I thought this might be a retro hit for Nissan but in reality it’s crap.
"Pro on YouTube with an always perfect haircut"....is that Adam LZ?
i would go with Camaro
We need to see the Elantra N back out here for lap times
Couldnt even beat a gr86 wow
LOL the beginning bit about buying a used 370z to turn it into a drift car a subtle dig at TSP Yuri? 😉
You can breakdown Canadian car channels into two groups:  those that break sports car owners into three groups and those that don't. :) Kudos to Nissan.  Let's pass a bill that all OEM have to sell two-seat sports cars.
This video makes me feel better about my 2ss with magneride.  The engine note in the z is almost non-existent considering the claimed horsepower. The Camaro just sounds excellent whipping around the track.  With no lift shift and rev match, the Camaro eats up the road.  The z looked like a 3/4 ton pickup bouncing around those turns. Crazy soft suspension and ridiculously heavy.
24:02 and 28:22. I wanna make these a ringtone.
I take comfort in knowing that the latest team at Nissan is taking feedback well these days and reacting, I’m confident Nissan hasn’t shown all its cards yet and is shaking up the scene, everyone else will up there ante to what they think is Nissans best and BOOM. Remember how the GTR had an amazing run as the sports car to rival back in the day.. excited to see Z phase 2
Hey guy #2. Imagine spending 50g's on a car that was made so bad in key areas, that you'll have to spend another 4-6k to make it the way it should have been made in the first place... 😒  Just get the Camaro SS if you want a well balanced highly capable car.
v6 engine sounding like a hair draier fitted to it,  its a GT. Please make a better nismo strip it down and raw it up, please remove electric assisted steering. pleeeeeease........   good review
THROTTLE HOUSE!  Please review the new 2022 Audi RS3 as most other reviewers have and they love it. I would like to see how it now stacks up on track vs it's competition and previous version. Thank you ! ! !
The drivers side a pillar doesn’t even fit right.
Yeah honestly the only good Nissan ever made to me was the gtr. Everything else is cheap, boring, slow, and uneventful even the old z cars were slow they just had a light body and good balance that was their trick. Nothing special, have you scene anyone run a z motor at the track and beat anyone of the bmw, Honda, Chevy, dodge, or really anyone worth a damn because I have not. Shit I would take Pontiac back to get rid of Nissan at least they provided the gto and firebird.
I'm not your buddy, guy... subtle South Park reference, nice!
It was slower than the GR86?!? That's kinda shocking given the power difference. What's it say that you can go faster for 10K less?
SLE's pwn.   Just wish someone would do a serious test between a new, fresh, stock SLE and Mach1 HP and see who's the fastest.
The second gear grind haha .. have that in my 16' 370z since brand new lmao Makes me wonder how much of this car is brand new vs just an engine swapped 370z? Will be waiting to see what they do with the nismo & special editions before I consider picking one up!
That Nissan is one ugly looking car, and apparently pretty bad. Great review as always! 👍🏻
Nissan Ruined their cars with traction control that doesn't really shut off all the way.... I hate it..
I'm not your buddy, guy!
You can't drift it anyway because on all new cars even with traction control ((off)), there's still some sort of traction control going on in the ECU.. It's fucking horrible, and it's not just Nissan it's all of the car companies, that do it.. Like when manual shifting a automatic, Even when you slap it over into manual mode to shift it yourself, It still doesn't matter the car will shift it's self or worse through you into Limp mode because you spun the wheels to much.. They started doing this shit to cars back in 2005 for safety but it just ruins the experience for people who know how to drive and do donuts.. It just takes all the fun out of the cars.. Example I have a CVT, (Yeah I know they suck) But anyway I have one and it is basically a 2 speed in reality.. But getting back to the point they are fast transmitions but as soon as you start to (spin the wheels a lot like to do a burn out, you get locked into the 1st gear or what ever simulated gear it is in.. Like for me my car shifts automatically at around 6300 RPM's right before it hits the red at 6500, But I have found when I am racing the car that I have to shift the car slightly early to get it to hit the next gear right. like as soon as I see my RPMs hit 6000, I have to shift it right at about 6100RPM's to keep it from slipping the belt and make sure it goes into a higher gear.. It's has to be timed just right for me to pull off a decent quarter mile run.. I have a Nissan Juke and Yeah I know a lot of people don't like them.. But I love mine even though it's not a manual it's still a bit of a sleeper.. I have beat cars that are supposed to be way faster than a Juke in roll races and especially going light to light.. I am at right about 256 WT and WHP, My Torque numbers are higher than my horse power numbers actually.. I am at 256 Torque and at about 246 HP to the wheels.. according to the dyno... And most people will think thats not that much power, but it gets all of it to the road.. It's not like some of the stick shift Jukes that are making over 300 HP and spin the front wheels the whole way down the track.. I have found through 5 years of experience that it's better to have a car that is 250HP and gets all 250 to the road than to have a car at 350 HP that only maybe gets 250 of of that 350 to the road.. If you want to show off on a DYNO on Youtube and say I made a 400 HP Juke that's great but what does it do on a track or the street???
Stupid always perfect haircut was good but his son got me LOL.😂
Too bad this new Z couldn't have been compared to a new Z-28. But then that Camaro would probably be $60 to 80k.
I need a really fast car to impress girls.
I guess the days of buying a 27,000 dollar sport car are over.. This sucks bad.. The only way to get a good sport car under 30K is to buy something used and beat to hell.. God this sucks.. Just 10 years ago you could find a nice sport car for 30K put 15K down on it and keep low payments, Now every car I look at that is over 400 HP is  40K and up and that is for used cars!!!!!! My God it's a terible time to want to buy a car.. Camaro's are 45K, Mustangs that are fast are 55K, And the Dodges are ugly as fuck the challenger is a big ugly beast of a car that I am sick of even looking at!!! And they are just like asshole's everybody has one.. Toyota has nothing in that 25K to 35K space, unless you want a Yaris GR.. Nissan has nothing, the Type R Honda and WRX's are over 40K and up too and they aren't no where near 400 HP unless they are tuned..      What ever happened to the 27,000 sport car that you could tune and make faster.. They are not around anymore.. The day someone makes a sporty EV with a 3.5 zero to 60 and 12 seconds in a quarter mile for 27K that looks like a hot hatch or is sporty enough for the track, they will win, they won't be able to make them fast enough..
Lol seems like these guys are really salty about not receiving early access, and that Camaro and Z are not in the same price range
2nd gear grind was also a problem in my 06 g35. Led to a clutch replacement at 75k.
They ruined the stick shift on that car, Yeah its a stick with automatic BS to it, Look into it and you will get what I am saying.. Anyway it's better to get the dual clutch auto if you want the faster version..
They already have a Nismo Exhaust that they through on them from the 370's, But me personally if that was my car I would lose at least 2 cats and through a bigger exhaust on it then have it tuned to 500/600 WHP.. But thats just me..
I raced a 2016 camaro for 5 years and it still hold several lap records. Just bought a c7z06 to replace it with.
This is basicly wtf toyota  should have done with the supra!! Sad they made such a shitbox instead
Ayya that's some cash. Pretty though.
This car is overhyped and this is coming from a 370z owner
The owner 1-2-3 was fun. I recognize myself as the typical owner of a Mach 1 and it’s so fun and quick.
so god forsakenly ugly that grill is absolutely garbage
Put Bridgestone potenzas on anything and it will be slower.
These two guys sound like perfect talking chipmunks at 2x speed.
In my area, I am seeing 20K markups on the proto spec so it’s going for 74K USD….. in my case this car isn’t cheaper than the Supra. Also, I don’t see any non-proto spec versions available….
Can't take the comparison seriously with those Bridgestone potenzas, joke of a tire, its more economic than performance.
I like the “three owners” review! Brilliant and relatable approach
I'M NOT YOUR GUY, FRIEND!
That first owner was so nice, letting his son share in the driving experience....
Is there a T-top? Ps: the clip’s sound on a big screen TV is dull and mono. Thanks gents 🏎🏎
Thomas getting a bit naughty there with the slides.. Borderline Clarkson.
This is priced at $80k here in aus. It looks great and has a much better engine, but a GR86 or BRZ goes for less than half that......
Bytheway, is Nissan suing Russia for copyright infringement?
The Z is gorgeous.
It does look good. it's slower than a GR86 though... 🤔
Great review!  Bottom line for me, Z loooks = +10.  Z dismal sound = -10.  It's a wash.  For me, and A LOT of other car enthusiasts,  the sound is like 30% of the experience and appreciation (Hence why I LOVE my Mustang GT with Rousch exhaust).  As much as I love looking at the Z, the engine/exhaust sound would be a complete deal breaker.
What in the hemk is growing on that guys upper lip
I literally shut off this video when he started grinding the gears on that brand new car. If it's not the driver and it's truly a problem with that car I wouldn't piss on one if it was on fire.
I bet this car will be a huge hit in Russia 💤
As a former owner of a 370 I'm glad they made this New Z.  But for me, the Camaro all day for a true performance car. 😊
Essence of penis 😂 or is it ezzence of Zness you guys are funny
I dont think a camaro is a good comparison.
Hi! Could you please test GR Yaris? 😊 I am wonder what do you think about this car 🤔
everyone scolded toyota for doing a partnership with bmw ,now everyone will scold nissan for not doing a partnership with somebody
Love the inside angle of the Z’s fast lap.
Its a Coochie yellow 😭😭😭 these 2 are Leg’ 🙏🏾
No intro?
I'm not your guy, pal!
As a Nissan fan I'm a bit disappointed. In isolation the Z looks good, next to the Supra, it looks classy but I'm afraid it's too bland.  Much of the appeal of a sport coupé is it's looks and the Z relies too much on the past, much like the Jag X-type and S-type. For me the best looking was the '90s 300ZX and 350Z.
Z or R ?
Really would love to see where an AMG E53 Coupe Mercedes stacks up on their leaderboard.
Why does the front look kinda like an s2k
$50k and you still have to modify it to make its drivability bearable and controllable?? And then a massive 4 door stupid heavy muscle car Can beat it around the track by Two seconds too?? Fuck Off Nissan!
It’s ‘Zed’ for goodness sake!
Wait… I’d the Camaro is a manual… what are the paddles for??
23:30 had me dying 😭
z looks minimilistic and stunning
White one with a red gas cap. Rising sun, son.
Why isn’t anybody talking about the shade they threw at Drake joke😂😂
70k afte dealer mark ups
Why didn't they make it electric?
I plan on getting the performance trim in blue pearl or white pearl with blue interior! Love colored interiors hate black and charcoal. Agreed on the tires have to change those Bridgestone tires to Yokohama.
Supply teacher? Is Thomas an economist? That portion had me Rollin 🤣
"Does it currently suck at the limit? Yeah, a whole lot." 🤣🤣🤣 That's all I needed to hear.
Let's try this again when they come out with a NISMO edition, right? ... Right?
Shit, I'm Guy 2.
How many auto journalists got their hands on this press mule Z before you?  How many hard laps and power slides has it done since day 1?  Let's face it, auto journalists are "hard" on press mules.    Granted the new Z is nice, but it is full of bean counter comprise and "old Nissan tech".   We all know it could have been bette....however,, Nissan couldn't make it better than the GT-R and they could not out do their precious Infiniti Q60 (red sport).   So,  glad the Z is here, just wish it got more development money...
They should discontinue it . Then come back in 10 years after time passes and they have more creative minds.
By the looks of the bouncing around my fiesta st with coilovers and stabalizer bars would outhandle the z. Lol. Disappointing really.
I drove the "Z" in Ukraine, they shot at me. Don't know why😣😑
Can’t be a coincidence that every YouTuber that reviews this car is grinding at second gear. I now y’all all share the same press car sometimes but like is it a design flaw or is this specific press car the one with a problem?
Oooooh that grind is awful lol. Fix it nissan! I wouldn't buy off that alone. That's the gear you slam the most!
If you own a Z in England and you blow the motor, when you get home and your wife asks where your Zed is you can say “Zed’s dead baby. Zed’s dead.”
Nissan somehow managed to make muscle car with the looks of a sport car, while Chevy managed to make a sports car with the looks of a muscle car
this was really good guys
I'll never sell my 181LE
The trans is probably grinding because it’s a press car and has been abused
Slower than a GR86 for the lap.
*NISSAN TO JAMES* "You drift it, you buy it"
You guys hodl gme?? Sick
For the price and performance,  I'm glad I ordered a 6 speed Camaro. That Z needs two more doors. Looks, sounds,  and apparently drives like a family car. Looked like my Chevy Lumina going around corners.
This is one of the rare reviews on the 400Z that dares to speak the truth - it is not a must buy and there are better alternatives out there. Kudos to Throttle House for having a spine against corporate PR.
Nissan will most likely offer a Nismo, and tuners love to tune... so I think coming in below the Supra and leaving money for mods will make a LOT of buys happy.
Honestly this video makes me proud to be a Camaro owner. Nissan dropped the ball here. It looks great, but it’s definitely a let down. Nissan: better tires, better suspension please. And for Gods sake, an exhaust on the manual with a few more decibels! I feel like that’s basic sports car stuff.
Bahahaha I'm not your buddy guy
Two none drivers
Hahaha love the rebel nature of this review
Still looks way better than supra and it will be ten times more reliable
I almost thought that it said 100mph on 2nd gear. That got me thinking what type gearing have they implemented and how is it already at 100mph; and then I saw kph. Then I calmed down. Great video
Did anyone else notice how a PP1 Mustang is faster than a Hellcat Red Eye on track?😂😂😂😂😂
If you're taking it to the track. Get track tires 🤷🏻. Also this review has the opposite opinion of what I got from savagegeese's review, so now I'm even more confused.
Nvr liked that z the 370 nismo is way better
Can you review 992 GTS with manual. Thank you
Is it a scam to be asked to telegram u guys????
Any chance of some motorcycle content? Do either of you ride?
What is a Kemeroh?
2nd gear grind more than a fk8 type r omg 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I ordered a Camaro 2SS 1LE back in mid-April and just picked it up a few weeks ago. I had briefly considered the new Z, but I think I'm one of the few people who doesn't like the way it looks, and I just couldn't get past it. Now seeing all the various comparisons that have come out, it seems like the new Z isn't all was cracked up to be, at least from a driving standpoint. Can't say I'm disappointed to have skipped this one, at least for now. We'll see if Nissan can make any improvements in the coming years.
19 SS 1LE owner here. Long time subscriber, enjoyed the video. I take no joy in a storied car like the Z being softened so much, but that is what makes this channel so awesome. The ruthless honesty from James and Thomas. Some constructive criticism for the guys: Thomas should let James finish his point more with less interruptions, and James should push back a bit more when he disagrees. Sometimes you can tell he kind of goes along with Thomas but he doesn’t really believe it. Besides that, please keep up the amazing content. You guys are terrific.
2nd gear grind is pretty unforgivable in a new, modern car - hopefully thats a press car or been driven poorly, cause that ain't a good sign. Otherwise, pretty nice overall package.
U guys need to make a special with Straight Pipes and get along…… both are good but both are vastly different….
Watching this review after watching the Straight Pipes' review is like watching a blockbuster movie after watching an elementary school play of the same movie. Your production quality is unsurpassed in the auto journalist sector. Also, all the Straight Pipes talked about was Yuri's 350z, I forgot I was watching a new Z review in their video....
I always thought the Z lineup was overpriced and this new one keeps the legacy going it seems lol. Meanwhile, there's the Camaro 2SS 1LE, the king of bang for your buck and my current dream car.
I have been begging for the 1le ss vs supra/400z comparison for a while....this confirms my thoughts after driving the 6th gen Camaro...it's a better GT, sports and muscle car than anything below 50k. It's simply amazing.
You guys need a C6 z06
To be fair it needs to be compared to a regular mustang gt and ss. But yes 50k is too much just like 50k gt is too much. And im sure that camero is 60ish almost.   The nismo will fix this.. for another 10k, lol.   I like the way thomas thinks... 3rd guy for 10 to 15k purchase 👍
What a review!
Promoting a discontinued hand me down car lol
No one going to talk about the 2nd guys description about Drake? 😂
You mention in the wrap up that the BRZ/GT86 is slower that the Z, but around the track it was actually faster, so it might be the better choice for owner 3.
THOMAS IS A FXCKING MENACE YOU GUYS! Lmao🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
The Designer in charge of the Headlights ruined the entire car. There would be more hype about this car if the front didn't look like something Britney would drive on her way to Starbucks.
I keep commenting on the manufacturer channels telling them that I cross shop the Z, the Supra, mustang gt and the camaro ss.   But for me it's really just between the Camaro and the Mustang because I can get them in convertible for the same cost that I can get a z for a Supra and the V8s are more dependable and more powerful than the turbo 6 cylinders in the Japanese models or German model. On those channels I keep getting responses like you only like the Mustang and Camaro because you're American and they are American but in reality it's that I like to get the most for my money and the Toyota and the Nissan don't deliver
I think Nissan is never going to give you a car again.
nice review
someone screwed up not putting good sports tires on it , in the real world  using cheap upgrades , modify  the sock turbos and a bigger intercooler ,   550-600hp  , some hard coilovers braided brake line and EBC pads etc , the new Z is gonna be a sweet track car.
I would buy this just because the fact is ISNT BMW...
Lol @ the drifting it
understeer? typical nissan
If they painted the lower half of the grill it wouldn't look half bad
"Nice BMW" like the supra instead for this car its "Nice Q60 Redsport" which the Z is essentially.
This car makes the BMW M design team look like studs.
My opinion is this car is 2 years too late. For the price, it would need another 50hp and weigh 100 lbs. less at a minimum. I was excited to get one, as I have a 370, but now a Supra is starting to look like my next choice.
Actually if you put in mind Nissan teams up with Mercedes for the 9 speed auto  Nissan doesn't that kind of money to justifying making a 9 speed
@3:14 😂😂😂
Seeing this vs a built 350z would be interesting!
I'm taking the Camaro over a shitty Nissan any day
I love the Z because I own one of the best generation Z, however; Nissan failed this generation Z very badly.  The Z trim that matters cost too much for its performance and instead of lesser weight, to stay really competitive at its power level, Nissan increased its curb weight.
That precious moment when he held his son's hand 🤣
Nice Thomas 🦆
A Mustang GT will blow the doors off this slug. At $52000? Ridiculous. Not to mention the manual transmission is hideous. It shifts like a Mack truck.
The cabbage patch baby!?!?!😂😂😂
Well if you knew what Keto actually was, you would know it’s scientifically proven 😂
Anyone knows how much the new z weighs
Just connecting the dots. You’re name is Tom holland. Like spiderman
Wow guys, I truly enjoyed this review.  First, kudos to Nissan for keeping the legendary "Z" alive. Very refreshing, especially given today's automotive climate. Always been a fan, dating back to the early 240's. With that said, I agree wholeheartedly with your assessment. The icing on the cake for me, so to speak, was when it came down to purchasing my next fun/play car. I chose the 2023 Camaro 2SS1LE, near identical to the one shown. Rapid blue, 6 speed, no sun roof, etc. (ordered July 08th). Thanks again for a great, and extremely entertaining, video. And when I'm ready to sell, perhaps "owner number 2" (or eventually number 3) will be interested...
Can we all take a moment to appreciate how special the GR86 is to be $30k and put down lap times with the big boys.
I hate Toyota with a passion because they don't have the balls to produce cars like this bunch of pussies Nissan has my respect
Nice southpark nod
I’m owner #4  Salvage title, four mix match tires, different bumpers front and back paid $300 bucks.
My take is that Nissan expects the buyers of the performance model to be like ME--which is to say--pushing 60, with fond memories of owning a highly modded '74 260Z. (I was guy #3 back then--or maybe guy #4).  But now I'm guy #1.  I have a lot more money so today I can afford a new one.  However, I'm a lot older and a lot softer.  I'm probably looking to revive fond memories of what I loved about my old Z: Great lines, great mechanical soundtrack, reliable fun, time on the track--but without the drawbacks. Retro cars are designed to appeal to those who remember and perhaps owned the original. Except these days I'm just going to take it for spirited but more relaxed pace drives in the hills and don't like to be beaten up so much while doing that.  And I can't hear the sound as well anyway since my hearing is less sharp.  So the crappy Bose sound system and "GT" nature of the new Z will probably suit me just fine. Oh yeah, and I'll buy the automatic.  It's faster anyway and won't bother my knees as much as the manual. 😁
10:24 Brilliant. This is why I love this channel.
I think the $50k version is not worth it. Now, $40k ...
Another car you could get for this money is a Lexus RC F. That would be my choice.
"A GR86 or a Miata are both cheaper and more connected, but much slower."   * in a straight line as the track time showed otherwise.
I know you guys don't generally cover modified cars, but I think alot of people would be interested to see the Z lap again in the future once aftermarket suspension and some other bits become available.
That Nissan track run looked absolutely ridiculous in the worst way! Yeesh
What to take away from this review is, if your a serious car guy looking for your first new/few year old performance car, take a GR86 and save about $15,000, or pay about the same price and get a Camaro SS 1LE/Mustang  GT perf. pack for the about the same price (pricing was through the manufacturer builder starting with the premium trims with a few options to make it realistic)
I'm kind of disappointed. I really hope the 400Z is successful. I wanted to like it. In stock form though it doesn't turn heads, doesn't seem to excite and doesn't seem fun to drive. My tastefully modded 280Z does do all of those things and while the 400Z depreciates the 280Z appreciates. I don't think I will ever sell that car.
Don't put your trust in men, put your trust in God. Jesus is coming soon and it's time to repent. We are all sinners in need of a Savior. No one is perfect. We cannot earn salvation. It is a free gift from God. Mary doesn't save you, confessing to a priest doesn't save you, religion doesn't save you, self-help doesn't save you, meditating doesn't save you, Buddha doesn't save you. Only faith in Jesus' death, burial, and resurrection saves you. The Father gave His only begotten Son to die for our sins, and whoever believes in Him will not perish but have eternal life. Cry out to Him now. He loves you so much.. but He won't force Himself on you. True love allows freedom to choose. If you don't want Him, He'll give you what you want - eternity without Him in hell. If you genuinely admit you're a sinner and need His sacrifice to pay for your sins, He will cover your debt and give you life forever with Him in heaven. I hope and pray you choose life.   This is realer than you could ever imagine.
BRZ, TT-S, F-type.... I like that line up. Cayman next up! Did you go from the BRZ to the TT? If so, how was that transition?
Car mania all saying  Nissan Z best model 300zx
The Kirby line was great had me rolling 🤣🤣
Yeah, this thing is definitely not a good "sports" car. On their test track, the Z is only two tenths faster than a sedan that makes 45 less horsepower and weights approximately 700 lbs more.
15+yr Nissan Z owner here:  The MkV supra does a lot of things better than the new Z.  People who pose arguments like "well, the Z just needs better tires" are trying to soften the blows of reality with steady doses of delusion.  In my opinion, the biggest thing the Z does better than the new supra is the throwback.  I will grant you, there are many other things that can be measured that the MkV Supra undeniably bests the new Z in.  But in respects to homage:  The new Z humiliates the MkV.  And homage is immeasurable.  There is so much more homage paid to the older Zs in the new Z than the supra can even remotely compete with.  Thats something that I personally care more about, and is harder to remedy with $ than performance (if thats what youre after).  For me, the real argument to have between these 2 cars comes down to which box youre looking to check:  performance with a warranty or emotion
Nice Datsun
19:44 turns out the GR86 IS a Nissan Z killer on the track, the prophets did speak!
7:59 Keto DOES work.😁
Watch out for the moisture on that turn you could loose traction ... Damn too late. I'll let Nissan know if they have any questions
Damn!! I mean sounds like they wouldn't pay half price for this. I guess their evaluating this on price? Nissan has lost its touch... sad being a nissan fan
I doubt you're going to be able to do much with nissan's modern steering in the aftermarket.
Did neither of the three owners not notice that the A-pillar trim is off by an inch
Trending!! Hell yeah.
Please showcase the Audi S8
It is insane that this did a slower lap than the GR86. I was a Nissan enthusiast for a long time but the Ghosn era of cost cutting has essentially killed their engineering. I'm a current G35 owner but I'll likely never own a newer Nissan product. That being said, it does look great at least.
At the Performance trim you’re not far from the price of its direct competitor, the Supra. This honestly drives home that while the Z is not far from greatness, the Supra is still the better car for under $60k USD. The Camaro SS 1LE is a great choice if you like 8 cylinders for sure but for the boosted 6 fans out there I’d have to say it’s the Supra for the win, now just waiting for the manual to finally come to dealers.
I don't understand why in 2022, and Limited Slip diff's so expensive, or rather why are they always attached to such expensive options packs? With 400 HP, it should be included as part of a capable driveline. If i can buy one for a couple hundred bucks, surely massive-corporation nissan can get them for less.
so, buy a stock Z, fit aftermarket sports suspension and better tyres = fixed
Thank you for an honest review of the Z. It's always so transparent when other channels are so excited and happy to be kissing the arse of whoever let them borrow the latest and greatest thing. I am also glad this car exists, but at the same time, it hasn't convinced me that it's worthy of my money.
the truth is. S2000 still.
GDAMN, that Camaro sounds AWESOME!!!
The side profile view looks like a MX5, a Hellcat charger/challenger thing. The front bumper looks something like one of the shite front bumpers you get on Need For Speed that nobody ever fits. Looks like another shitty little Japanese tossboss
I love these guys and it was a spot on review. I had a 370z and looking at this, it looks like the same car with an updated interior. The trunk is the same, the sound system is the same, the shifter and s-mode button are pretty much the same. Plus they ruined the stuff that made the 370z fun (steering, suspension, etc). They added 50hp with turbos. Im just, disappointed in Nissan...again.
Slower then the 86 around the track? Woof.
I’ll get excited when the Nismo is released.
Z is a letter with a certain symbolic weight to it, cough cough
Why is there ice cream van music playing in the background?
I swear  these modern  engineers despite the technology are killing performance cars.
Just amazing made my day 👍😉
Nissan and syncros…never ending issue
Forsberg already made a drift car for the new z before release
I loved my 350z. Got excited when I heard about the new Z. Watched the online launch. Was sad when I heard it won't be sold in Europe. Got happy because I am moving back to the US and the Z is available. Ordered a new Camaro ZL 1 🤣🤣
Thumbs up just for the Terrance and Phillip reference, "I'm not your buddy, guy" had me laughing.
Saved me a $50 stack decision! Literally every early review I watched they gloated avout performance. This is why you wait for the Throttle House review!
Thomas, when I was 17, my dad took me with him while he was shopping for a new, from the dealership, sports car.   One of the cars we drove was a 350Z.  After my dad told the sales guy that he wouldn’t let me drive while we took the car out, just after we turned the first corner, he pulled over for me to drive…I remember locking the rear wheels on a simple downshift because I didn’t know what rev matching was at the time and just let the clutch drop and bite; luckily the rears only full locked for a moment before control was regained.  This 350Z was also the first time I was in a car that someone hung the back end way out while making a nice open left turn onto a fast road. Coolest dad moment, but hey, even a broken cLock is right twice a day.
there 100% will be a Nismo version, this would be considered the base model Z hence the undersprung and quiet GT car vibe.  That 2nd gear grind however is HIGHLY concerning and seems to be a recurring problem from the 350z and 370z
Not too surprising, Zs have always been lacking a bit in outright performance compared to their competitors. Its beautiful though and would make a great street car, which is what 99% of people will use it for.
A concept car has fully driven. Dragon ball Z
As a Succession fan, wow, that bit did not miss.
Finally I get to see them in a VR30 as a Q60 owner I’ve been waiting to see this
I'd imagine a nismo spec z would be more track focused
Omg he bring a boat😂😂
Can you please put the model year on the vehicles because its hard to distinguish which GR 86 was on the leader board or which Golf R for example.
It’s kind of expensive for a Nissan and doesn’t look that good to be honest, i prefer GR86.
I own a late model Camaro SS and I agree that this car is better looking than the Camaro, and better interior.  That said the Camaro sound is 10 times better and that's what sold me on my car  owner #2 😉
And this video settles it for me, I'm sticking with my veloster N. Car seems like it would be unstable at speed.
What was the time of the G80 M3 and G82 M4? They are not in the table. The table also shows cars way above $55k, so I do wondee where they are and what is the time.
....I'll take James  Miata over the Z for a track day.  I was disappointed test driving the Z recently.   I thought I got a lemon with the grinding gears but drove another one roght after and same thing happened. can't stand it. also no sport exhaust and crap tires. Nissan messed up on this vehicle and lost a customer.
The performance pack is $10k and offers poor handling and braking wtf nissan
РА СИ Я! Z Z Z
I feel like I’m Thomas but younger, just starting off my teaching career having bought a used car 😅
I'm guy 2.5. A person who will not purchase it new but will both enjoy it first, and then turn it into a race car later.
Had a 2022 2SS with a 6 speed for around 5 or so months, car was absolutely phenomenal. I miss it every day.  Can’t wait to get into another one or possibly a corvette.
As a Q60 Red Sport AWD owner, the new Z is crying for a wheel & tire upgrade, a suspension upgrade, a brake upgrade, and some performance enhancements.  Here's what I'd do:  - Vorsteiner FF or Rays Nismo wheels w/Michelin PS4s. - SIx-pot front & four-pot rear calipers, with LW 2-piece rotors, SS brake lines, & Carbotech XP12/XP10 pads  - SPL Parts Suspension, including adj front UCAs, offset Tie Rod Ends, adj rear Camber, Toe, and Traction Arms, and front & rear STB Rod Ends - Hotchkis or aFe front & rear STBs - Fast Intentions Full DPs & resonated CBE w/10" Sport Mufflers - AMS HE - Mishimoto or Dropbear LLC Charge Air Coolers - Ecutek/HPT/Racebox tune - target +450 WHP/+500 WTQ - Upgraded clutch - Al or CF Driveshaft  Yeah, pretty much everything I've done to my Q60, except I'd be starting with the Z platform which is 500 lbs lighter than my AWD Q.
seeing that Z's shifter lean to the left and right in turns while in gear.... not great.
Don't girls also buy Nissan Z's? Or is it a strictly male-oriented ownership from the 1st to the last😅
That’s a f^cking review!!!  Grreat job guys!! How the f^ck nissan doesn’t allow to drift a press car?  Gosh damn!! This channel its on another level!! 🇨🇦  ( straight pipes it’s ok [to many commercials] but you guys nailed it)
Damn! Zed!!! Who cares what Japan says it is called: say it the canadian way! Why, oh why do I keep telling my students we say "zed" and not "zee" on our side of the border...
I used to have a 20212 370Z and if they got rid of that ugly square grill I think it'd be a beautiful car.
White exterior, red interior to really get that 300zx feel.
The Camaro is a bargain compared to the z. You get so much more, back seats, v8, 🧲 ride, lots of untapped potential compared to the z has gotten an extended lease of life. Nostalgia sells, but the Camaro has more nostalgia than the z.
GR86 had a better track time, not always about the HP
You can’t own a Camaro in Europe. Tax and insurance make it too expensive
One of the ugliest machines ever created. Not a single redeeming line or curve or angle on this monstrosity. Pathetically incapable engine. Mediocre suspension. Clumsy gearboxes.  This car is an absolute failure, and everyone who bought one, will trade them in within 12 months of ownership.
EDITING ERROR: Forgot to add weight specs at freeze frame during Thomas's review
The Z was never a pure sports car including the Z32 which was outshined by the Corvette, Supra, and RX7 in the nineties.
😂 lol
The Camaro is a great chassis but the visibility is too limited for me...even as a dedicated track car.
Great content guys  keep it up  Your like the baby of the top gear shows and that makes me happy oh and thanks for not drifting the car 😉
Was the CX-5 with the princess onboard sticker Yuri?
I love the number 1_3 buyer facts. ♥️One of the best 30 minutes on a review.
That Nissan Z is ugly…
Hi I'm Jiemeu and I love your channel I hope to discuss business cooperation with you..
You said the gr86 and Miata are slower but didn’t your lap times disagree? I think the 86 was quicker than the zee on your leaderboard…
The approach of this review... the three-price-points-over-time thing... is brilliant. I suspect a lot of us have a little bit of all three of those owners within us. This analysis really speaks to how a buyer might imagine himself making the car part of his life. It gives an insight that potential buyers might not think about otherwise.  You might not want to spend an entire review on every car you test dedicated to such an analysis, but I could imagine a sort of 60-second long "Three Owner Ratings" breakdown at the end of each review, in the same way that Demuro does his DougScore thing, yet unlike typical ratings/scores, it's a completely unique way to look at a car. Some cars might score highest for 1st owners, and some might score highest for 3rd owners, or whatever. It's incredibly informative.
Concerned about possible pushback against a Z featured prominently in thumbnail, they opted to show yellow and blue models to assuage any fears 😏
4:25 I'm not your guy, pal!
Is nissan ashamed of the 350z, wheres the VQ growl when you start the car?
I've been waiting all summer to hear you guys to review the Z.   That said there's no point mentioning traction control intervention when everyone who would track the car is gonna bypass traction control, by unplugging abs or yaw modules or pulling fuses.  Sincerely, a third owner.
Looks like the 2023 Nissan Z is simply slower than 2005 NISSAN 350Z.
I love that Owner 1 has a fake mustache...over a real mustache.
@Straightpipes were too pussy to drift it hahahaha yall got some balls
For looks give me the Nissan. For sound give me the Camaro. For integrity I'll take a Nissan product over a GM product all day. But for $60K I don't see spending that on a 2 seater RWD that I'll drive 8 months of the year max.
“That sounds like a 4 cylinder Corolla” 😂😂😂😂 Absolutely Hillarious Calling Out the Exhaust on this!  But apart from that, such nuance, such an accurate analysis of the way the car will be going out in the hands of different kinds of owners, I mean that is just superb assessment of the future to come, for this Z. It’s sooo spot on! Just to think of “Okay, what’re we doing for the review of the new Z? What’s on the script?”  And then to come up with this, take a bow you guys! Absolutely On Point with the facts and comparisons with the other cars as well. Love the way you guys break it out to us, you guys are an inspiration @Thomas & @James. Kudos to the while team of Throttle House! ♥️
Everyone watching this should "Like" this video due to that amazing "powerslife" scene 😂 I love it oh man
I’ve never felt better about making the decision to by my Camaro last month, instead of continuing to wait for this Z.
Wow z
Hey you not my buddy, guy. you not my guy, friend
Is it just me or did Nissan's driver involvement (steering, braking etc.) Really go to hell after they got in bed with Renault?  I had a thing for the Nissan Primera (I'm from the UK) and it's the only time I've ever sold a car for an older model, sold a P12 for a P11 and suddenly I was back in a drivers car.
shame its a boat
2nd gear grind already?….pass
A front wheel drive civic type r goes faster round the track????? what's the point of this car?
now hopefully the 370s will decrease in prices
Brilliant!
Ashame in a world where manuals are dying and they bring this subpar grinding manual out, undersprung sports car, numb steering feel, heavy feel, sounds like a serious disappointment..smh.
and the model 3 can blow its doors off, nissan sucks
Nissan loves to kill its cars by saving money in the wrong places.   Same with the Nissan GTR when you put other tires and Suspension on it its double the car as stock. With a couple Grand only
Maybe if one understands it as a sportive GT for traveling - it might just be perfect.
I wanna know why the Manual Camero has Shift Paddles. What was gm thinking 🤔
1970 240 z is real .......driver input no assist
Wait.. 🤣 is his last name actually Holland? Like T(h)OMas Holland 🤣
Don’t be too hard on it guys,  a nice GT car that doesn’t cost Aston Martin prices has its place.  Great review.
Freer flowing intake & 'Zorst, coilovers, slightly lightened flywheel, a decent tune, lose a goodly amount of weight, decent tyres, and yeah, she'd be good... 🤔😏    😎🇬🇧
personally i think the front of the z looks beautiful, i wouldnt change anything about how the car looks.
This is my Company's 😂
these 2nd gear grinds are very commonplace in today's modern cars. I think I knw why.  For emissions purposes, the engine is made to rev hang for much longer than it ever did because losing revs too quickly would result in unburned fuel and nasty emissions. Hanging revs way up high while you're trying to shift into a much lower gear ratio means your synchronisers have to compensate for a big gap in engine speed vs trans speed (input vs output).  Maybe today's manuals would have far better performing series of synchronisers to make up for this extra challenge newer cars have.
This review is amazing! So well crafted and the quality is top notch!
The real question is nissan z or mustang GT?
You guys introduce an obligatory sound check. Pleeeeaaase
Owner 3 : An idiot! 🤣😂 You guys are hilarious!
Well done nissan, everyone kept complaining how old the 370z was and how badly it needed a replacement, it took you this long and a "refresh model" to prove everyone wrong, that the 370z is still a gem just in a new body kit and an engine swap. LMFAOOO..
That Camaro is foul looking, and the manual in the new Z seems like a turd already! Gonna have to say the auto base Z is the route for me
God I can’t wait to see what the Nismo Verizon looks like!
I still love how the 350z/370z gage cluster looked, it was just so cool
The new Z is certainly cool, however it is clearly a renovation on a renovation, I can see a number of my 2005 350Z interior parts still in play. Mind you the last couple of Z’s were not bad tools to begin with. Loved your approach on the review - to funny !
I wanted to love the Z, I still do. But now that you were honest about it and pointed out it does have problems, I don’t know…
Some of your best work guys! Bravo!
94 more horsepower and it lost to the civic type R...by alot....can't wait to see how you do with the new one
"I'm not your buddy, guy.  I'm not your guy, friend."
Thanks for still staying honest about the car boys. Love your work.
I don't care my gran had a yellow 1971 240z and nostalgia wins...
#15 Trending, congratulations guys!
Something feels really off about that airbag badge when Thomas is driving. Like it was added in later
The most informative video I've watched on this car. I do track my cars. But I'm just a working Joe that can't afford to modify a $50k car. I will own this car one day...but that's what I said about the Z32 and now I can't afford those either
Sounds similar to the 370z in terms of a fat pig GT.
Pretty sad about the performance of this thing. Nissan has been on a downward spiral for awhile now, and this was just a big let down. Add to the fact it isnt even a new chassis, this makes is a real difficult purchase.
"I'm not your buddy guy" 😂
Absolutely atrocious performance.  The gear grinding.    Unacceptable.    I’m a life long Nissan fan.  Have and have had multiple s chassis, and even have a z33.  This is an insult from Nissan to us enthusiasts.  I’m going to hope and pray for update like Toyota did with the Supra.
I was hell bent on getting this car.  But with the mark ups idiotic Nissan stance of “iTs NoT a TrAcK cAr!”  I dunno.
Maybe the z just needs magnaride
The problem with buying a used Camaro SS even a 1LE is that used corvettes exist.
Nissan is just failing left and right for the past 20 years.
I’m owner #4.  😎
So I watch the video you guys doing the TLX Type-S. Is there a reason why you guys made a video against the Kia stinger pretty much all the other cars in his class including the 330i, I mean you guys practically trash the TLX type S in your review but I was taking a look at your leaderboard and none of the cars that you guys were raving about are on the leaderboard.
What a disappointment. I'd take a GR86 and pocket the 20k.
Owner number 2. I feel personally attacked.
The Z front looks like this 😬
So what one should take away from this is replace the z tyres and suspension and you've got a great car
So happy the track testing is back! Missed these. Great job.  As a former 370Z owner its crazy how much 370Z is in this "new" Z which in itself was basically a 350Z. Nissan must be making all profit on these as its been paid for over the past two decades multiple times over. Also heard power cuts in hard cornering with anything less than 3/4 tank of gas because the 370Z did the same thing.
Really interesting video! what  cool lens to look at the whole thing through!
For 176 days, bloodthirsty Russia continues to kill Ukrainian children, civilians, destroy infrastructure and even kill prisoners of war, as in the city of Olenivka. Since the beginning of the war, 361 children have died, 711 children have been injured. Russia has unleashed a war, arranges gas blackmail, because of Russia there may be problems with food in the world. Russian troops continue shelling the Zaporizhzhia NPP, the largest nuclear power plant in Europe. To recognize Russia as a sponsor of terrorism is to prevent nuclear terrorism and the threat of a new terrible catastrophe for the whole world. #russiaterroriststate #olenivka
Really good review gentlemen. The question for me is now that it is a twin turbo will it be a reliable enough platform that buyer #3 will be getting the same reliable drivetrain platform that previous 350 and 370 buyers came to love. Time will tell.
One doesn’t experience self transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates- 🔴🟥
Imagine when the nismo comes out
GM is supremely excellent at chassis and suspension tuning. The 1LE variants has been known to be very capable for a decade now. It’s always a tough match to go against a 1LE
It needs a nismo upgrade
"for everything else...there is Mastercard" 😂
For EU both cars are a no no ..... They cost more than 100.000 euros plis 1000+ euros road tax a year plus 1000+ euros insurance..... So car for the many few...
I was excited when the new z was announced but the more I watch about this car, the more disappointing it gets. I was excited at the $40k price for the base model but then I learned that it comes with shitty brakes and doesn't even come standard with an LSD. The top level trim is also disappointing performance wise compared to its competition.
If it's a Nissan/Infiniti manual and it grinds, don't worry, they're supposed do that. My G37 was like that going from 1st to 2nd, 2nd to 3rd, and 4th to 5th and the gearbox whined like bitch.  Also, the VQ37VH tends to overheat if driven at the limit more than 8-10 minutes, and guess what happens next: Limp Mode. Good Luck doing a pedal reset procedure.
Love THat 1le
What cheese can never be yours?      Nacho cheese.
The Z is what the Supra would have been if not for BMW. Someone should check on Thomas i think i saw a dude in the distance with a sniper rifle and a Nissan hat in the "drift" footage.
You guys are awesome.  It's good to hear that under no circumstances were you allowed to drift this car.  The original 2002 Impreza WRX 5-speed had a terrible synchro going into 1st such that the car would drive you into a murderous rage if you had been dumb enough to buy the car to commute through daily traffic jams (a sin, regardless), *but* it didn't grind going into 2nd and fun could be had so long as you didn't need 1st gear again until you were stopped ;).  This was ironic as they were marketing the WRX as a street-legal WRC and that car had a press-for-1st button right on the wheel.  The WRX approach was rev-matching and costly brute force; every shove is painful.   IIRC, they switched to a 6-speed for 2004 and complaints faded.  My point is that a grinding 2nd gear not caused by prior journalists is going to kill the transmission well before the Idiot comes across one.  If this issue happens in other press mules, Nissan has a problem that won't go away until the tranny does.
Nissan knows the Z enthusiast wouldn't keep it stock...it's a nice driving car stock and daily-able as well as a good road trip car for a couple, but what this car needs is better tires, coilovers, a good exhaust, some better pads, and a couple more pounds of boost.  This will shave seconds off that lap time and will only cost an additional $5k of so.  While the Camaro is impressive we should keep in mind that the Z is also ~200lbs lighter, has a shorter wheelbase, and is a hardtop 2 seater which is just wonderful.
350z looks a lot better
Hope Nissan Canada isn't mad.
At the price point of $50K US dollars, it's really disappointing to hear you'll still need to change suspension and tires right out of the gate.
whats the story behind the gear grind?
Good review gentlemen as always.  I don't like the looks. I know looks are subjective,  I don't think it looks good.
so same interfering traction control, what was a strong transmission is now weak and it also still has the fuel cutout under 1/2 tank on track. Definitely touring car only to be driven slowly haha
Why would they compare the Z to something slow, outdated, ugly, unreliable, etc should’ve gotten a mustang not something ugly
It's the prettiest coupe in its segment, for sure.
I died at GME long term holder 👍🏻🤣
I loved this review!
yikes
its a shitty nissan lol
They teamed up with Mercedes for the automatic transmission anyway 😅
Who in there right mind wants a Chevy SS Camaro?
Aside from cosmetics, or not wanting to be a “Camaro guy” I can’t see why anyone would buy anything else in the segment.  If driving really matters to you. Best money I’ve ever spent, and probably the last great car I’ll ever own.
Can car manufacturers PLEASE bring back designs of older cars? Nissan did an amazing job of bringing in that old design and meshed it perfectly with modern car looks
I've actually wanted a car that ... wallows in the corners, constantly grinds 2nd gear, and weighs 700 lbs more than my Kia Soul. Bravo Nissan!
*mangata*  The reflection of the moon on water
damn this is a roast
Sad the interior is similar to the maxima and newer rogue 😞
This lardy boy is about 3600lbs.   I wish Nissan put it on a crash diet to trim off about 500lbs of fat.
Calidad y humildad
They ran out of intro ideas?
Glad you’re doing these type of cars again. Keep up the great work
as a 22 year old, i am 110% gonna be owner #3 with either the z or the manual supra
You're becoming #2. Age happens. I literally put a quieter exhaust and dual clutch (easier to press) on my D1X supercharged muscle car once I turned 40....
that color looks so good on the camaro 😍😍
I care that it's an American, F yea
How much better would that lap have been if you were guy 1 or 2 and did nothing but brake pads/fluid and a set of wheels with tires like the RT660?
Holy frick imagine if Thomas was your substitute teacher, I would lose my mind
The Camaro 1LE came out in late 2016 as a 2017 model yet its still the best performance car money can buy.
James, that moustache. Made me really uncomfortable 😕
So...as is...it's worse around a track than a barge (aka hellcat red-eye)... ...hey Jason "so called Z fan boy" Camissa... How do you like them 🍎s? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 I guess legends do die after all...and I'm not just talking the car Jason 😉
"Even though they told me it has rear wheel drive."  The best laugh I've had all year.
garbage car
the gear grind is due to the massive amount of slop in the shifter. watch engineering explained's review of him wheelhopping the HELL out of a manual Z lmao.  also, the exhaust is due to stupid noise requirements.
Do you think they read these comments?
Finally a reviewer that understands the potential buyers properly  Owner #3 gang for life
These guys are the best.
James has learned to say "Camaro"!😁
Give you guys a thumb up by bringing the Z to the track and let us know exactly how it goes there.
It’s the aftermarket where this car is gonna shine, the sport brakes- from every single sport Z or Sport infiniti, literal same suspension as the 370z with the exception of the DDS suspension from the Q60 if it is equipped with it, same VR30 that won the B58vsVR30 shoot out at atco raceway park. And the same 6 speed manual transmission that will make people either feel more connected to the car and have a more fun experience driving or want to shut your ears because of the “iF yOu DoNt DrIvE sTiCk, YoUr NoT a ReAl CaR gUy”…those idiots. It’s like how toyota/Subaru did for the brz/86 twins, lackluster performance with A-LOT of meat on the bone for modification for not a-lot of money
Dealers are already pricing these at 80k for the 50k trim. Damn despicable. It'd not even out yet. Dealers need to be a thing of the past tbh.
Do 5th gen zl1 vs 6th gen zl1🙏🏻🙏🏻
I really like this review. As someone seriously considering an M2/Z/Supra, this more or less sold it for me. I am somewhere between buyer #1 and #2 and will be using it for commuting with occasional spirited canyon runs. The wheels, tires, intake, and exhaust were going to get swapped anyway so I think at that point, it will check all of my boxes.  I still want a Viper though.
You can’t put the SS in the category of the Z😭😭😭 that’s track beastttttt, but I agree 100% for the money , best bag for the buck
Ugly ass overpriced car
Z fail
One of the best car shows on YouTube. Keep up the great work guys. I keep expecting to see an episode where you guys phone it in but you always deliver.
Review - Excellent and Funny!  Car - yawn
I hope that it flops at launch so that they lower the price to make it more competitive and then I can get one!
lol already trans grinding... Japanese quality.... hahaaa.. sureeee....  mustang GT allday everyday was the correct answer btw.
What track is that filmed at?
You guys are honestly taking this YouTube car review thing to the next level
I wanted to like the new Z but $52k is just WAAAAY too much for that mess.  Bad handling, bad steering feel, and abysmal sound.  The performance version should have a lot more go fast goodies, esp for it's price.  Remember the 1LE package on the Camaro SS costs $7400, but comes with maybe twice as many unique parts.
Oh no, that second gear grind needs to be sorted out pronto if it's not just that particular car. Unacceptable.
next redesign....coming in 2040.
Owner 2 APE is gonna have a lot of money in his future
I’d take the Camaro LT1 over that shiny turd.
Aftermarket and enthusiasts will take it to be a great machine. Q50-60 was the experiment 😁
I guess I’m a guy #2
No one gonna talk about its true competitor the gr86? For $20,000 less, easy to modify and comes with a great transmission and suspension right outa the box?
Hideous
“I won’t have to hear people say ‘nice bmw’  No, this is a Nissan, through and through”  My condolences mate 🤣 enjoy that gear grind!
Pikachu! How do you not see Pikachu when you see the new Z?
Isn't it a miracle to be blessed with a manual V6 RWD coupé with 400 hp and a real parking brake for this price in 2022? I totally understand the complaints, don't get me wrong, but we have to appreciate this incredible effort from Nissan to get something like this on the market in this era metastasized by virtuous soy cyclists, corrupt politicians supporters of the WEF, and constantly outraged twitter scolds fanatics of the carbon footprint cult ready to cancel anyone who does not eat crickets.
Great review just 1 question... what in the hell is a nissan 350 zed.
Junk
I was typing my last comment as I watched the video but after actually finishing the video this guys are trash!!😂😂😂
Wait until the nismo version comes out that will actually compare more to the 1le Camaro ss. Cmon guys if you guys are supposed to be professional be realistic and compare it to a regular Camaro ss and not there actual track base trim level  ss .
I am owner #3 who wishes he was owner #2.
Camaros are rare and or pricey in aus... z it is
Were Jakub an Yuri waiting on the sideline for their turn?
I was really waiting for one of these... but with supply chain issues and mark-ups on new cars these days I didn't want to fork out $60K+ (US) so I decided to purchase a CPO Genesis G70 3.3T for under  $40k.   Applies to oranges, I know... but after this review no regrets.  Some day I may be buyer #2... of the Camaro.  Cheers to another great review gents!
Stop saying Zee, you're Canadian and English, it's called Zet in your countries. Just wrong!
The only people that can afford todays “sports cars” are not the same as days gone by.  It used to be acceptable for a true sports car to be stiff as a board, be more noisy, have a lot more feedback in the steering and brakes, not rely on traction controls, and have tires that dont last very long. All of this was so that there would be a whole lot better performance on regular roads, or on the odd track day.  Nowadays, the guys that can really afford these cars are as neutered as the cars they want. The factories dont even try to offer a real performance car that true enthusiasts, that will put these cars through their paces, can afford. Think back to years ago when you could buy stripped down models that were meant for racing, of whatever type. And most factories offered these stripped down models. Of course, thats when guys actually were willing to build their own cars and do the work it takes for upkeep and repairs.
The new Z is the girl's sport car.
Man I hate when I accidentally drift out of a corner
Came in expecting a Z review, came out happily surprised I got to see a cool Camaro
The boost gauge not going to 20lbs, is bothering me.
I'll wait for the 10th anniversary like the 370z, lol.
O.o the new Red Sport 400 coup with a manual transmission…😂
I guess Ill be looking at these in 3 years/30k but It didn't blow me away vs the American options. Edit: But I super appreciate the old school track battle episode, thanks!
dont loose sight of the point of this car , none of the z's before were drift cars ....them things were gt cars that people discovered could do these things.
Take it to a shop to get coilovers?? Hand over your mancard
"The guy in the mustache, yeah that was me.." DEAD! 🤣💀
The most  annoying host ever. I hate explore.
TIL 'supply teacher' is bri'ish for 'substitute teacher'
Should do a comparison with the Q50 and Q60 Red sport with the new z
I also get 2nd gear grind from time to time from 1st gear on my GT86. I just think it is normal in sports cars.
I think the Z is a good car... nothing special, but certainly not bad, even for the money. It splits the difference between everything else. If the Mustang and Camaro and too loud and brash, or the Supra is too ugly and expensive, or the Toyobaru twins and Miata are too slow, and you want a nice interior, this is probably the right car. I also happen to not mind the grill and I think it looks lovely.
I briefly owned a 1994 300ZX TT.  It was a heavy car with somewhat soft springs and rear tires that didn't have quite enough grip.  It was scary at the limit, especially in the rain.  But, if you stayed within its limits, it was a fun, comfortable ride with great ergonomics where you can just cruise around and mash the throttle to put a big grin on your face.  I loved that car.  I think Nissan knew exactly what it was doing with this new version.
I had high hopes for this car, but these guys hit the nail on the head: Nissan knows exactly who’s going to buy this car with wet paint, and they’re not the same demographic that will buy a Camaro. The manufacturers only have to get it right once to move fresh metal.
That's a 25-30k car at best...not that fast and not that good looking. I guess I'm guy #2 on the new? Z.
A Canadian and a Brit saying ZEEE, how embarassing :)
Faster or not, the lower redline is quite a disappointment and more importantly the lack of hydraulic steering.  Exactly why I went for a used G37 over a Q50 3.7.
As a 370Z owner, it's a shame that the new Z didn't turn out better. I didn't really plan on buying it though, and it makes it easier to move on to a different car because I don't want to live my life devoted to one car make/model.
That lap time is damning.  I purchased a Nissan daily a few months back and mentioned to the SA I may be interested in the Z but was currently planning on ordering a Cayman.  Cayman order went in shortly thereafter, based on what I'm seeing of the Z no regrets (even if the Porsche is considerably more expensive).
The weight difference is pretty significant between the 2, with the Z being much lighter. It’s a crazy time when American Muscle cars are out handling one of the newest and most anticipated Japanese sports cars, by a long shot. It’s not even close.
Nice BMW. HA!
Nice Z-ness bulge bro
its nissans gr86/brz, nothing more.
Disappointed it is not supercharged and hydraulic steering! With a Targa version, it would be perfect! SAD!
So buy a BMW supra got it.
Yall are the best
Now we need Z v Supra v Camaro v Mustang with Cammisa and Harris!
In your dreams dealers sell new Z for 50K.
The price is way too high for both cars.
Hmm, the guys over at Straight Pipes, made the same assessment of 2nd gear; grinds.  Nissan made a bit of a misstep by not giving this car an exhaust soundtrack.  I project most buyers will swap it out.  Would this new Z be considered 'mediocre'? ...
I love the review great job guys. Although I do not fully understand why you would invest 50k into a new lower-budget sports car when you can get 997 Porsches for the same money.
speechless. great video guys
Balance is the name of the game, both with the youngest fairlady and with you guys. I love to see the comments section popping with objective compliments and discussion after only 13 hours, and I believe it motivates you two to keep putting out high(est) quality content. Good luck and much love ❤️🤞🏼
Full time GME holder...hilarious
The fact that you can make the transmission crunch on demand while shifting it normally like a sportscar is a deal breaker for an otherwise great car
I'm pure British and I still love the deep burble of a muscle car, hate the hornet sound of a Ferrari.
That second gear grind would drive me nuts . I’ll take the more powerful better looking Supra
The Z! has always been a GT car and has always been the best car for enthusiasts.
Wait, the GR86 and Miata are much slower? The GR86 (Premium) just minutes earlier in the video had a faster lap time posted on the board.
Great review as usual but the car would be much better chromed imho, maybe I'm just old lol
Am I crazy, or does the Z exhaust sound like a Civic Type R?
is it me or do most modern turbo cars just sound like vacuum cleaners?   btw, I love the look of the new Z and appreciate the Throttle house folks!
I think they left some Fat on the Table for the Nismo But in saying that add some Coil Overs and a Tune and I think the Z will surprise most.
Not gonna lie the design looks already dated. The face is below average
I'd still pick the supra over this even though it's a BMW.  B58 engine is just too good.
Only clicked on because you guys are great! No interest in a $50K redo car, I'd buy the Camaro
Is no one going to comment how SLOW this is around track???  It's slower than a GR86 (#23 while Z is at #25)!  It has nearly double the HP and is a purpose built sports car.  Those Bridgestones have been know to be lousy tires for awhile, but that's still really terrible.  And the fact is costs $10k just to get a limited-slip... which puts it right in the Supra's ballpark.  I've always felt numbers and times are overrated, but this is really pathetic, and considering it isn't that great a driver's car makes it even more disappointing.
Gee thanks, Nissan.  Another generation of slammed fart cans with peeling paint coming outta the nearest trailer park.
What an ugly car. Just ugly
So, you compared an SS, to a Z?  I feel like there's a meme in this somewhere.
Nice! Straight Pipes wouldn’t even do a little drift! 👎🏼
Too many lines. Ugh. Just review, dangit.
🗑
Dang I can’t believe you guys! This is completely unacceptable..    *Get that baby a car seat!*
Every Z car in the world eventually grinds into 2nd gear. It’s part of the charm? And the eventual transmission replacement
One of the only non biased takes on the Z. Throttle house once again does it right. Great channel guys. Hope I can catch your next throttle house and collecting cars meet next year.
Next up please: Camaro SS 1LE M6 vs Mustang Mach 1 M6.
Is it just me or I feel like the Z is a pretty good canvas to make it your own? I rather like it a lot
People always going on about the BMW grill but the Z is somethin else
Keep this review format! Love it!
Idk man for 50k I’ll just get a c7 vette
Genuinely was hoping this Z would be a 370z with a better transmission (I went through 3 of them, grinding like this one did), better brakes, tons more power, while maintaining the old school handling characteristics. It seems to miss on all but power.
29:56 I think you mean the GR86 is faster 19:43
I really appreciate this review. It pushed me over the edge to abandon my plans to buy one. I'm disappointed.
Front end looks like a 'Pikachu".
FUCK YEAH, DRIFT THAT SHIT!!!!
When are you guys going to toss a Elantra N around this track?? I may have one you can use if asked nicely...
i like the look of the Supra better but hate the fact that Toyota had to go to BMW for development  SMH.... I can understand Nissan using the same chasis as the 370Z to save on development costs and keep it more affordable. but dam, 2nd gear grinds WTF
Too bad the Camaro is discontinued to be turned into an EV sedan 😐
American cars are just so aesthetically disgusting, I would never
its a powerslide 😂
They hired artists and engineers to come up with an extremely boring looking car.
Hope to see the Nismo version be more track-focused...I'm owner 3 if you can't tell
That SS 1LE really illustrates the Zs shortcomings. Compared to the Camaro it’s completely outclassed from a driving standpoint.
That is the LEAST interesting gauge panel I've ever seen. Absolutely zero extra graphics??? Red circle and white numbers... Wow. Looks like a free app
Feel like it’s over priced in my opinion and if they make a nismo version it’ll be ridiculous on price it’s a good shot but I feel like it’s got a ways to go before it’s worth the money
Wish i could work with you guys.
type r gonna kill this piece of junk
James' son looks just like him! 😅
Took a page out of bmws book and botched the front grill
I liked instantly when Thomas power-slid accidentally. Such dedication to the art of thorough reviewing.
Hmmm….I’ll keep my low mileage S2000 from 2007.
I canceled my order a few months ago I cant bring myself to buy a "new car" with a ton of reused parts
If this channel ever changes its name to "Throttle Media" or some stupid shit like that I swear to god
seems like Nissan spend all their time to get the looks right that they forget to take the time to properly tune it...ooorrrrr, they said here's a toy go crazy.
There are buyers and there are talkers. Always have been. Buyers, primarily the initial buyer, isn't much concerned with what any reviewer thinks about a sports or GT car. For those actually about to spend 40 to 60 grand it's about the looks, the way it makes them feel and whether the performance is good enough for them. Reviewers and commenters gush about manual transmissions yet the actual volume of sales on any car with a manual is less than ten percent of the total sales because most buyers don't care about a tenth or two around a track they're never going to be on anyway.
Hate it when a pretty car is a let-down in the dynamics department. Really wanted to like this
Use my 07 350z and i bet you it’d beat the new one. I have it for you to do a comparison if you want. Its got 14,500 miles and there are zero modifications. And its manual
Can get a gr86 for half the price and have a good platform to mod if you choose…
Great, now it'll be impossible to buy a 1LE. Anyway, I expected this turnout, but can we really blame its crap performance on its GT focus? The Z32 was criticized for being too GT-like, but it was FAST. Like, very fast, one of the fastest cars you could buy in the '90s. The new Z doesn't have many rivals, but it's slower than all of them... They really missed the mark here.
the drifting bit got me lmao
Your Canadian/British, it's pronounced "Zed"  Oh and awesome review as always!
I'm not buying one but I appreciate that nissan chose the vr30 for this so I can have more parts development for my Q50.
So it is not a tack car... OK  How is it as a stylish fun daily driver?
wait a minute... when did James have an F-Type???!!!
Kind of disappointing on the Z. Still want one in 4 years second owner maybe third.
I had higher expectations tbh for this new car
That first dude is every dude who will drive this car.
While Nissan asked not to drift the Z I'd bet Chevy specifically asked for it to be drifted.
Savagegeese said the Z felt more like a drivers car on the track vs the Supra felt more like the car was doing the work for you... do you agree or respectively disagree?  Edit:  Not trying to start drama but based on your track opinion of the Z, I am curious how you would compare the Supra track feel.
Thomas, you are my sunshine. Just like the color of that Z.
drake until he texted millie bobbie brown LMFAOOOOOO
I wonder if the Z was made like this on purpose to save it all for a future possible over priced Nismo?
V6 terrible sound no-balls trash- ugly front end- priced the same as a well equipped Mustang GT, Camaro, or Challenger/Charger, all of which have amazing sounding V8. I hate it.
Thanks for not being scared to slide it around a bit unlike the straight pipes. You guys are just better at reviewing cars hands down.
My 18 wrx performance could beat this around a track 🙄
I'd rather have 2 year old Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio
I love the skits but damn if the facts and points don’t ring true here!
Yea but you guys didnt give the z a chance on a straight line tho ☺️
It was a Z (Z31) that got me into cars  A black 85 2+2 manual got my juices flowing
this is the best review I've seen from this channel in a minute
I had a 2020 Nissan Sentra Nismo manual and it did the same thing grinding second and needed a new trans because the synchros before 3k then it got hit by a tornado.
I swear I expected that  mustache to jump off his face and wrestle him for the steering wheel
I'd like to see the Z against a V6 F Type. It seems like the Z with its GT bias would be a good comparison. Great episode!
Ok... I am a little bit disappointed now. I will still say... It sure is purdy!
They need to release an R version or whatever in model year 2 that addresses the terrible suspension and sheds 1-200 lbs.
@4:20 I'm not your buddy, guy.  Hahaha.  South Park said that. https://youtu.be/m1JakODvYhA https://youtu.be/zuQK6t2Esng
Glad someone finally linked the Camaro. The Z is not, and never has been, a sports car. It’s a Japanese muscle car. That’s what it is. Meanwhile Nissan’s 400bhp Z can’t keep up with a 220 bhp GR86 around a track. Not a sports car.
350z revamp looks WAAAAAAAAAAY MORE APPEALING
At the end they said it had the fundamentals, but what about the eps steering? Think nissan finally shot its foot off. depressing
Cacophony a harsh discordant mixture of sounds.
22:40 Do you need Yuri to do a photoshop edit for you?
Very pretty.  Hope they sell alot.  ( not a supra fan at all)
In conclusion  get yourself a 350z,, 370z   this is a horrible car 🚗   unless you buy it in 10 years and beat it up !!
370z looks much better than the new Z
Can you review a lotus Evora GT on the track? That car should be recognized if we talk about being a true drivers car
Such an ugly car smh
The Camaro DOGS this car.  Not even close
I know what I've got 😁
Guys its high time you do a video on Mitsubishi cars!
I could watch you guys review drying paint, i know you would find a way to make it hilarious.👊
Wait, his name is Thomas Holland?? 🤔🤔
nice q60
I really appreciate that approach to a review. I'm (grudgingly) admitting to being buyer #1. Camero was not on either my 1980s or 2020s shopping list.
Great review guys. I was debating about trying out the Z but after watching your review, I decided not to bother. You did get me more excited about Toyota GR86, especially seeing it has faster lap time than the Z
I was super excited for this car, and was probably going to buy one, but after this review (and several others), I’ll have to wait for the Nismo. Though that is another issue, as this car is already at least $5,000 overpriced. The Nismo will no doubt be a $60,000 (US) car. That will put it solidly into M2 territory, which will almost certainly be a superior vehicle.  But I will say that you guys are by far doing the best reviews on YouTube! Amazing job!
Zee?  C'mon you guys are Canadian/British. Zed!
This car is a GT car for all to enjoy; it most likely produces less HP and Torque than the Bupra because it just runs less boost (easily turned up).  It is reported not to be snappy in handling and want to kill you like the Bupra; and it won't be unreliable like any German automobile you can think of. You can buy one for US$39,000 compared to a maxed-out BRZ/GT86 for $38,000 while is Toyota's punishment for customer loyalty (needs a turbo).  This car provides the perfect architecture to be whatever your want it to be in the Aftermarket World without spoiling it as a daily ride.  So that V6 can deliver 1200 HP with internals and turbo, and pushing through that wonderful 6 speed and RWD.  The suspension and tires can be addressed.  You tell me, which other car would you rather spend Aftermarket money on and know it will retain its value?
Ehhh bad visibility all gotta say of the camaro.
Гавно це а не спорт кар. Найкраща аеродинаміка  була в Nissan  pulsar  ,  машину буквально притискало до дороги що давало  ефект стійкості .   В цеї  моделі всього цього нема . Ставка зробили на форсований турбо двигун .  👎  Якщо  в компанії поставлять в цю  по дизайну   черепаху   електромотор ...... ну  то  може ще набере трохи більше прихильників Але дизайн  жахливий👎
I am a total owner number 1 in my buying habit (I want the warranty and want to be able to hand the keys back at the end of the lease and get a newer one) but I drive like owner 2 (I am on my second set of tires in 14k miles).
Brilliant video. If nissan made the car we all want. No guy number 1 will buy it. The "grand tourer" should help it sell. Then guy 2 or 3 needs to swap the suspension and brakes, and Thomas is good 2 go 💯
What interesting times we live in where a Mustang is the better buy for sporty street driving than a Z. Nissan nailed the looks but this thing is such a misstep. Really needed to go back to basics and offer something to slip between the Miata/86 and a Cayman. There's not 1 lightweight, genuine sports car in that wide gap. A new Z could have been it and fulfill its destiny as the original was exactly that in the 1970s.
Given Chevy reliability, the unfortunately reality is that the Camaro will be in the scrap yard long before buyer #3
You know what really grinds my gears? The sound of grinding gears. 🤣😂
It's the new Zed. And the Supra is butt ugly.
I'd take a manual transmission V8 Camaro over a V6 Nissan Z anyday
That phone toss into the back sold it for me
🤡🤡
Not gonna lie, you guys absolutely kick ass.  I passed one of these up for an SLK 55 AMG for over 10k less than this and I do not regret it.
Great storytelling! loved every second, one of the best reviews of the year so far.
Given that they're sold out. They should hold their value or slightly appreciate.
Thanks guys.  Good content.  Kinda lame Z though.
Did anyone catch the South Park reference? Lol “I’m not your buddy, Guy!” 🤣
For a company on the brink of destruction, you gotta hand it to em. This is a really good car for 90% of people 90% of the time. And anything you don't like is probably gonna be modded out by the aftermarket community
Bad suspension, numb steering and bad synchros for shifting. Looks like a flop from Nissan
it weighs as much as my Sonata N which is a 4 door sedan that is pretty big
Z Z Z
This or the Rs3 is the next move
And im not your guy buddy🤣🤣🤣
Well i guess that was the last Nissan review you'll ever do lol
Man ill be honest, to me this car is very ugly. I love the look of the iconic Zs that have come before it. But this onw hits the mark to me. Maybe its just the large square grill and the small headlights that give it a weird front look.
Congrats to Chevy for making this car.
Youpi ya ya ya Youpi yé. I'm waiting for mine, Blue interior Blue, manuel 6 speed, my future Z, my @400zFairlady
Zed 🤣👍
Plot twist in 15 years it will cost more than a r32
The face lifted 6th gen Camaro is still butt ugly... Its a shame, the pre-face lift car looked soooooo damn good...
Make me think get a Camaro instead of the new z.
The worst thing they did was get rid of the Sport Package. So rather than tacking it on to the Base Model, they've added it to the Touring Model, so you have to get both; meaning a $10k price gap between trim levels. So the $40k car is now the "Base", essentially.
The real question is 370z Nismo or New Z Basic or even sport, I'd take the nismo , based on this review
If you want a GT car for 50k get a low mileage F-type. Or something from BMW or Audi. This isn't a car you should buy new.
So welcome to see honest reviews
FINALLY
Will not be sold in Europe? noooooooo
So the must've used the Datsun chassis...smh
I almost waited to get this, but I got a new Veloster N instead and I am incredibly happy after watching this review
I missed the hotlaps so much
Really like the owner analogy.  I'm owner 2 purely on depreciation, though not necessarily for 10yr! - On this one though..I'll keep my used M2 all day.  Or keep the used Cayman I don't have.
I like the " Z" it is an oamage' to the original Matchbox car...!!!
The Z looks like a car that will give you lovely little jolts of nostalgia every time you look at it, the interior is much improved and it just needs a few mods by the owners, or updates from the factory. As a 2.7t Audi V6 owner though, I would be loath to buy another turbo v6 as say, owner #3. When the turbos start to let go, and everything that needs attention requires an engine pull. Good job Nissan, and great review, fellow far north americans.
My god the road noise in this video seems ... not good. - is the sound dampening really that bad?
I knew that Nissan was gonna be a giant flop 🤣🤣🤣
tbh, apart from the stupid steering, all of that will be trivially fixed by tuners. no matter how good the suspension is stock, people are going to toss on bc racing coilovers on it. no matter how light the interior is, people are going to chuck out the rear seats and interior trim to save weight on the track. and no matter how loud the exhaust is stock, people are going to chuck on all sorts of aftermarket exhausts.  so why not make them more tame from the factory, for the people who don't want to track it?   it makes alot of sense to me. making a blank car, with a good powertrain, and lots of room for improvement and tuning.
Even though it’s not in the same car segment I think the GR Corolla will eat this things lunch
Been waiting for this review a long time.
It looks like the 370z clone from gta, to be honest
did they not Kill the Camaro yet again? Great video as always gentlemen
"drake untill he texted Millie Bobby brown" 💀😭
“I’m not your buddy, guy” haha loved that reference
Sounds like the second gear synchro is already bad after the abuse from all the test drivers.
No one wants the letter Z all over their vehicles now.
with all the cars getting carried away with trying to look extra cool, i find this one a step back and a bit bland. just can win the middle lol
Mustangs MT82 does the same thing from 2nd to 3rd
Nissan is a dead brand at this point. Maybe think twice before buying. They barely even update their volume models. The engine is 8 years old and they can't even release the car in europe because of its shitty emission and noise values.
Ouch!   TH pulls no punches y’all.  Dang wussup Z?  That’s what I thought you said!   I am Wombat and TH rules (official #1 fan- dibs on that title)
definitely owner 2.
Literally the same garbage tires I had on my 2014 370z, first thing any owner of this car should do, take it to the tire shop! It will transform that Z to what it’s supposed to be
It’s a Nissan who cares
Ouch that second gear grind
I love how TheStraightPipes didn't even turn traction off, and here Thomas is drifting it 🤣
I'm not a fan of it's looks, but I'm sure it's a hoot on road.
These guys never disappoint me. Pure automotive entertainment every time.👍
Unfortunately the Z is just too heavy, even for owner #3. Why bother trying to make a track machine out of a 3500lbs pig? Honestly, in 10 years I'll be importing a Yaris GR (Corolla GR is too heavy as well) rather than buying a used Z - and this is coming from a through and through Nissan guy ('72 510, '76 280, '76 620 with a G35 swap. 2003 350z).
Guy 1 would never buy the Camaro.
You need to understand that the z has always been a drift car, it's made to play with..  it's a great all rounder..
Knowing tomei they will have an exhaust to Match up nicely with this car. The sad part is no limited slip differential unless you spend 10k more. Hopefully they change that in the future.
370z nismo was sexy. This is a blob
Wouldn't the 1LE equivalent be a Nismo Z? 🤔🤔 It's not out yet but these are two completely different types of cars.
The most shocking thing for me is that it is slower than a GR86 around the same track by half a second.
so basically this thing needs coil overs an exhaust wheels and tyres and retro fit the hydraulic steering from the 370z got it 👍
Right, but modify a $50k car? Why would I do that when I can just buy a Camaro?
Body kit cash grab of a slowly dying legend
I'm not your guy, friend!
Man was waiting a while for this one!  Was starting to think TH wasn't going to review the Z.  The performance package being bundled with a tech/interior package and overly soft suspension are miss-steps in my mind, but  at the very least we should expect to see more trims of the Z arrive  in the next year or so after initial sales are done which should drop the price of a version with LSD, Wheels, Brakes for around 45K which makes it a far better package (price wise).  We may even see a 300HP version around mid-high 30s if there is enough demand for one (which I think there will be).   Either way a new set of coil-overs  is not very expensive and tires are a wear item so the choice (while bad for performance testing) makes a lot more sense for street driving  anyone who plans to take it on track is going to swap them out anyhow.   With that said I still think Nissan did a really good job with the Z given the circumstances of its development, they just didn't lean into those sports car roots as much as I'd like  but now that they killed off the Infiniti Q60 (luxury twin)  it makes me wonder if they went more GT oriented with the Z because they no longer had a RWD Sport coupe elsewhere in the lineup.
I honestly do believe that Nissan played this conservative, but when the NISMO version comes out that’s going set the record straight About this car performance. This Z is more of a GT car and that’s ok.
Can't wait to see what the tuners can do with this. 500 hp with a tune and a down pipe and I might buy.
For me, im not a full on racer, i like fast and quirky, it will work for me. Id like to buy this and make it as my daily car. It's sporty and subtle. Not to race but to have a racing DNA on it is a thumbs up, only thing is i dont have that extra buck! Its got great potential, good for non-enthusiast (racer) and just an ordinary person who wants a lil bit of thrill.
My favorite car channel coming through! Can't wait to see what the fanboys think of this. That front grill is so atrocious. It literally looks like half of it got removed. This video did a marvelous job reinforcing my appreciation for my A91 Supra. 😎
Brutal…..but honest. That’s refreshing nowadays.
The power slide, you guys are legends for this one
20:39 All i see is one HUGE opening for a nice HUGE Front Mount Intercooler and ditch the air to water cooler.
My biggest concern is the steering feel. My 2004 V6 Accord had a perfect amount of heft and weight to the steering wheel, though I’ve heard some prefer the generation PREVIOUS saying it’s more direct for the Accord, and it apparently goes for this high performance sports car too
SLOW AS FUCK. Its. 0.2 seconds better than a Type S and that car was RAILED for being slow. Disappoint us again Nissan
I didn't intentionally drift it BUT thankfully we captured that from 7 angles. Hilarious!
You guys should apply  3 guy rule to all performance cars.
Owner 1 ur son should have been a cabbage patch doll lmao
Full Time GME holder 🤣
Why does camaro have shifters and manual transmission?!
The 280ZXs and 300ZXs in the '80s were great looking, fairly quick, relatively softly sprung, well-equipped, dead-reliable, and comfortable -- and they sold like hotcakes. Those things were _everywhere,_ because they were just right as 'sports cars' for the vast majority of buyers. In that context, this car seems to nail it. People who buy 400Zs (we'll see how many) will probably be very happy with them.
is it only 400hp to not step on GT-R ?
It's so ugly
Im intrested how common putting this power plane in a 370 will be
"We are getting 14 l/100km, with some hot laps." "Not bad" "I'll bet that beats the Camero" Pop 16.8 mpg... But 14 is worse than 16!? Yes, the normally excellent TH have been using different units and comparing apples to oranges
i feel like that amount of shifter movement during acceleration and deceleration is a tad bit excessive
Nissan is hiding something? Why are they so worried about keeping the TCS on? I know it needs the LSD and the rear lip. But what are they hiding other than the obvious issue with the transmission.
Wonder how long production is going to last due to these governments enforcing EVS
Love the look I'd 2JZ swap & do a full suspension,trans.body kit I think it would be a great car after some mods.They did great job with the look esp the 🍑
Listening to an English man call it a Nissan Zee really makes me want cry.
Hit him right in the Z-ness!
Agree with the z being a GT car instead of a sport car but maybe that’s why Nissan says this time the Nismo trim will not just be looks and I really think that’s what they are doing.
james brings golden retriever energy
Likes SANTANA!?!?
Come on, nobody really expected the Z to be good did they. Nissan literally did 0 engineering or development. They don't call it the parts bin sports car for nothing
Hey fellas!  What's the mustang gt350 track time?
Hell I'll say it, the long awaited Z is a failed sh*t box!  ANYONE can make a quick'ISH 0-60 car and they barely succeed at that, with the trans grinding into gear!.. FRUSTRATING!!
So....a GR86, a car designed with the philosophy of a slow car driven fast being more fun...is faster than the new Z? Would James's MX-5 be quicker than the Z?  I'm right at the front of the queue of people always waiting to say "fun > fast" all the time, I have genuinely hung up on 2 car dealers because they tried to sell me a Golf R when I said I wanted a fun hatchback. However, slow because light and underpowered is good, slow because powerful and badly set up is not. There are many great GT cars out there, the Z is not going to be one of them.  On the plus side, this video makes me not feel disappointed about the Z not coming to the UK. They say it's due to emissions, I say it's because our roads have corners and we like our cars to go round those corners without spending £10k on mods....since rather than spending £10k modding a 5 year old Nissan, we'd just spend the same amount buying a 5 year old Porsche.
“It’s a coochie”
Something is missing on the exterior, it doesn’t look finished. Looks like a prototype. Especially the front.
I think the 1st/2nd owner is much better delineated by the 'Cars and Coffee' crowd vs "Performance drivers" There are plenty of 1st and 2nd owners in both categories
I'll take the Camaro please. All day, Every day.
I am owner 2. I'll wait 3 or so years and then check the market again. Shame...I think without dealer markups I could probably afford this reimagined dream car as a stretch. But looks like I have to wait for the fixes to the suspension and shifter first.
Weight distribution on the Z is horrible paired with sub par suspension is not helping either
Agree with your assessment of the Camaro but remember in 15 years the z might be 10k but that Camaro will be more like 100k
Owner 2 is allergic to depreciation and doesn’t want an overused experience
Can confirm. SS 1LE Made for track. I’m glad you made this comparison, I was on the fence about trading my SS 1LE in for the new Z but after watching this there is no way in hell. Hopefully a NISMO version transforms it.
The NISMO variant will be a better match for the ZL1. The crappy OEM tires are great for driving around town.
20:38 ALL YOU NEED 😵
It's really too bad how far behind Toyota and Honda that Nissan has fallen. They can even get the fundamentals of handling right. Maybe it should match up with the new Civic Type R, but it should handle at least as well as the Si.  Nissan had a chance and they got the design mostly right but the engine and handling; why, why, why?
Essence of zness and that whole thing about a Bulge is kinda sus Nissan
It’s a type R
Too bad the camaro is dead after 24
Wow.  I don’t want to hear anyone say that you guys aren’t honest reviewers. You took a heaping dump on this Z (which is fine… it is what it is). Hopefully Nissan will take it as constructive criticism and sharpen up the Z for the mid-cycle refresh. Fingers crossed (I want to love this thing, but I can’t… at the moment).
Lucky you two are so short.  Fitting inside and being able to use the peddles properly is very hard for taller people in this model.
2nd gear grind is probably cause it's a press car that's been beat to shit. Tires and coilovers are an easy fix.  I'm guessing 370z steering rack won't be hard to install. Chris Forbergs drift car is using 370z steering components. Give it a year and there will be a hundred bodykits to change the front grill area. Car should make 500hp with just simple bolt on and a tune.
I'm really curious what nismo will do with this car and if your complaints are solved with that trim.
When Canadians get confused for AMERICANS LOL
Nissan forgot to add function brake vents on the front bumper and a removable Targa top.
Rather have a Supra
I'm not your guy, friend!  Omg am I the only person here that caught that superb South Park reference???
Love the review guys, keep it up! One thing you forgot to mention in your comparison is that the Camaro will never make it to a 'driver 3' lol
I wouldn’t even acknowledge they said that just like oops guess don’t send me the 450z in 2 decades?!??
Hey guys GT3RS just came out. Please review that car 🙌🏼
I will get it when it’s 15k I have a Z33 rn and don’t plan on ever getting rid of it
Idk if these will make it the distance of the 350z and 370z in 10-15 years these will be trash
i feel like Nissan is saving a true track-raedy 400Z for a new trim after initial introduction.  The current price is pretty attractive so get the buyers who are looking for a decent sporty car, then charge a true premium for a more performance-oriented model.  I do not believe theyv'e introduced the Nismo version yet, so that's likely upcoming.
That nissan is real ugly and slow. period
Hydraulic steering def the big missing piece
The Zl1 LTE STARTS at 66K, while the z tops out at 51K.  How are these cars "within a couple hundred dollars of each other"?
Color is horrible
Just bought a 2006 Zo6 for 50k. Only 4700 miles. Best thing I've bought in my life
Lower back DOCTOR???? Ass doctor?
That Camaro is sweet
Bruh is that Tom Holland driving
They've made the base version soft, with room for improvement, so they can sell you various Nismo versions down the line.
Watching today's Japanese sports car fans is like watching the eighties American car fans,, there's nothing but an excuse-a-thon.. America got their act together and Japan lost all of their manufacturing and cheap labor advantage. Sorry dude's Korea is the new Japan!  And America is back on top!
Omg I love your guy's videos🤣🤣🤣
Isn’t it the same engine in the q60 red sport?
Great video👍🏽
200,000 miles is alot for you  my father her in the middle east his first car he sold it at 1,500,000 kilometers that's Approximately 930,000 miles And w had another car beside it
that things fugly
Would not buy a Z, because of the Turbos.. Lived with problems with them.  I was looking for a White Mach 1 Handling Package in a 3rd Pedal 6 Speed Manual Transmission. I was Lucky to find the only White Mustang in All of California August 2022 with the 3rd Pedal 6 Speed.  Near where Live in Los Angeles, spent $20,000 to Start More than the Mach1, and the Bottom Line. Starts at where the Shelby Super Snake, the AutoTragic Shared with the C8 Corvette, GT500 starting price. My Purchase is a White S/N 22.0001 Roush Mustang 6 Speed Great show Camaro All Day. 🧑🏻‍🦱👍🏻🏎️🏁 in this comparison
I think I'd rather have the 370Z and if I wanted a GT car, I'd want some sorry excuses for back seats. And Bose sucks.
It’s way too much for what it is. Cars like this have pushed me to motorcycles.
So,   1. Suspension bad; 2. Exhaust bad; 3. Tires not ideal; 4. Shifter assembly not dialed in; 5. Heavier than you'd like it to be.  Solution to all: wait for NISMO and hope they fix it all.
Go get a used Nismo Z, then add in Fast Intentions twin turbo kit with good tune.....and brake upgrades and better shocks/springs......thats what you want.
this thing lost to a 797hp widebody boat with the turning radius of a school bus on a track
Didn’t watch the video and already smashed the like.  Can’t believe it’s 30+ minutes of dopeness. Tv series comin soon!?
Soo will that second gear grinding be a recall?
As always great reviews. But I hear too often that certain cas has to be bought used and not new. Well, I think is important that for those who can to buy this tyoe of cars new, because if not in the future there are not going to be any more of this affordable sports cars around.
What an outstanding review. I had a 370z, absolutely loved it, but this new one seems to have all of the same issues! I'll never forget how I could never get the car into 6th gear over 180kmh and how the rear was so strangely sprung that it used to just bounce around... But the steering was the best I've experienced, on par with my v8 vantage.. Pity it's now electric
Bye bye supra, I'm happily selling it for the Z. Saw one at the Tail of the Dragon and got to drive behind it. It only took 1 mile of twisties to know I'll mod it for sure (like everything else)  but has good room for improvement.
YOUR TRACK TESTS ARE UNMATCHED. YOU HAVE SHOWN THAT THE Z IS NOT AS CLAIMED. A FEW MORE BUCKS AND YOU ARE IN A VETTE C8.
IMO the 2023 Z is 5 to 10 years too late to the game.  I owned a Q60RS and the motor was good but you have to throw too much money at it just to get ok gains just to blow turbo seals in the end. The turbos on the vr30 are too small to make any additional power safely.  Only buy the 2023 Z if you are owner 1 lol and will not heavily mod the car.
Not sure if it´s the yellow color but I think it´s ugly.
Why are you using the clutch?
I’m so jealous my mom bought a 1le before me 😂 don’t worry I’ll catch up to her in a couple years always been my dream car
I'll take the chevy
Half a second slower than a GR86?  Ouch.....
Can't believe Nissan has killed the Zee.
I like how the "Z" in the middle of the tachometer looks like the logo from the Mask of Zorro. Antonio Banderas should buy one of these.
Would have loved to see a gt350 up against those cars.
been waiting to buy this until you guys did a review😭😭
I'm not your buddy guy!
loved the way you did this video, very unique
Great review! And also super interesting them from the pov of 3 owners!
I own a 18 SS 1LE and that thing is a track beast! You can easily go FBO and you’ll have more than enough RELIABLE power for the track and street
"GR86 and Miata are cheaper, and more connected, but slower."  Their timing board shows otherwise.  They should have said less powerful, or not as quick.
Nissan's Z is 6 years too late and still unable to keep up with cars that have been out for a few years...cough, cough...BMW Supra, etc. Nissan most likely didn't even target any sports car. They were just rooting for success with a new look and $40k pricing; not performance. The Nissan Frontier is also another example of the same recipe. Just let the GTR die if it's following the same recipe. Nissan will eventually fail again with the direction they're going as history repeats itself for them.
I'm just glad you guys gave an honest review......tired of seeing reviews where people won't just say its not enough savagegeese review talks about its bad dynamics as making it seem like it drives old school and it being less sharp makes it more fun its so silly its like someone is paying some of these youtubers to not say anything bad about a new car they were so careful to not say the Supra was a better car or had better overall performance lol
People have been using the argument that at least the Z is still a Nissan as to why they’d buy one, but that’s literally the reason why it doesn’t live up to any of its competitors in its price point because Nissan doesn’t know what they’re doing anymore and just half assed it by putting a Q50 engine into literally a 370Z with different body panels and a different gauge cluster. Z people will come up with any stupid reason why you should by this mediocre machine over a Supra, Camaro, or even a Mustang GT. All of which outperform the Z and have already been on sale.
Idk for an extra 10k you could get into a new mid engine C8 corvette (in the u.s.)
Love me an SS. 😌 the noise alone and useless back seats are a nice touch👌
Good thing you didn't slide the car....
Old people car 😔
The GR 86 had a half second better lap time than the Z so is it really slower? Appears to depend on where your driving it.
Why on 1080p all of a sudden?
Nice review a little disappointed it' didn't fare as well at the track also . I think the front end still needs some massaging to get the right classic look. Nissan please place  proper Z badge on the  hood like all the previous Z's. Nissan on the rear fine but if you don't know who makes the Z then this isn't your car lol. Also if we could get the talking lady back and t tops omg this car would be heaven. Having had 2 -  300zx  In the family an 85 turbo and 86 non turbo z's have always been more about a gt type car . Nissan perhaps also a z and zx edition as a throw back .
In it's current form, it seems like it's 3/4s baked.  Maybe the NISMO version will fix some of the issues.  But on it's face, it's a powerful, attractive sports car.
Camaro ss is the way!. I drive a 2019 mustang Gt premium pp1 and it is a bit pants. Back in a camaro soon!
i really hope when nissan releases a nismo version of the Z that they fix the “not a track car” issue. i get that they were going for a gt car but i wish they tightened it up a bit more and made it more of a drivers car.
mustang all day long, cant get enough of my 2021 gt with pp2
A modified I30 N with 400hp sounds better to me and cheaper too!! Even after the mods. Edit: I know, it's front wheel drive, but it can be tracked!! unlike the Z...
This should have been a Supra manual vs 400Z manual review although I suspect Nissan wouldn't appreciate the Supra making the Z look like what it is. A parts bin special in an ugly suit.
Good Canadian south park reference.
I had a new 2000 Sentra with the manual and 2nd gear synchros would grind like that all the time, too…until it stopped letting me use 2nd gear altogether, that is.  Had to redline 1st and then flip to 3rd and bog down to like 1500 rpm, way below the power band. Nice to see they haven’t fixed that over the course of 23 years.
the funny thing is i dont even like the look of the Z
What airport did their track used to be?.
wow, in 2022 a V8 camaro is a better track car than a TTV6 Z
Nissan teamed up with dating in this build
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I love the comparison but what I appreciate is the hot laps with no talking. Just hearing the car and seeing you drive around the lap is fantastic.
As a Z enthusiast this is the video I’ve been waiting for and to be honest I can accept what they say about it. They bring to light all the pros and cons that most other youtubers won’t tell you about and they seem to be mostly unbiased with this too which I appriciate
4 hours after I uploaded a short of my camaro ss this video is uploaded 😂 which confirms I made the right choice!
Camaro ss’s also don’t deprecate as fast like the nissan 370z did because of the v8. So you will keep a lot of money when you go to sell it.
I had a 1970 240 with dual webers I used in autocross. That was the best Z. Weighed 2270lbs and actually stuck in the corners.
The inevitable Nismo trim will definitely add more horsepower, stiffer suspension, better tires, more aero and different styling. It might be marginally lighter with a few carbon fiber bits but I think it'll definitely use the GT-R's steel brakes for extra stopping power.  However, in this current configuration, I think its a great car for the price. A sports coupe to have fun in driving on the road without sacrificing daily drive-ability with overly aggressive handling. Nissan knows these cars are going to be modified so they made a well balanced car that can be tuned to fit the owners needs.
supra for me
Englishman saying ‘zee’ 🤨🤨
“Understeer on the way in, then use throttle to bring it around and get you through the corner”<<<So basically, it drives like a FWD car. Not at all the driving experience I’d be looking for out of a 400 hp RWD sports car.
I’m not you’re buddy guy
Second gear grind.....maybe the gearbox is from Renault?  There's indeed lots of role in the body when you're driving the circuit, makes me seasick. Maybe There's a nismo version coming soon that got the balance right?
I love that the video is a bit longer,  it really suits you guys
No one is going to mention the mediocre front design?
I think If Top Gear had these two as presenters, the show could be saved.
Most people who buy these cars def wont be taking them on track, I'd still take the Nissan here as it looks waaaayyy better than the Chevy.
Damn why y’all gotta do Drake like that!😂💀
We keep forgetting that this isn't even the Nismo version. Hopefully they'll make a Nismo edition as well.
For some reason, this car reminds me of a knight in shining armor.
Do you think this will ever get to $10k? Or will the loss of petrol powered sports cars keep this in collector status with the rest of what we are taking advantage of now?
The video starts after 13:00 :D
the fact that a 4300lbs boat was faster than the Z on the track was pretty hilarious to me.
It’s a cool car but sounds like an angry vacuum cleaner
Bless you guys for defying Nissans stupid rules. These car companies think they’re so high and mighty and their cars are gold when it’s literally a car designed to do drifts and track times and launches. If you design a track car, expect it to be used on the track. I’m tired of all these companies not accepting warranty claims on sports cars if you push the car a little bit or maybe even abuse it, THATS THE WHOLE POINT OF THE CAR.
We need a lap time for the DCT Elantra N!
10:30 well now ik why you guys haven’t did the q50🤣 nissan does not like u lol
Seems like if you want the Z best to get the 40,000 version and a few mods. It just seems like for 50k just get something else
Gearbox in the Z is a travesty
Why are there paddle shifters on a manual? Am I dumb or something?
lol nissan still having grinding trans problems. They have to be the worst car company currently.
Honestly very sad to hear all of this with such high hopes for this, but Ik it’ll still sell in massive numbers especially because oh how amazing they designed this thing
Who else grinned when you saw the Camaro 😌
Take a Q60, put the vr38dett in, offer manual option, badge it as a skyline gt-r and call it a day
Nissan said don't drift and he proceeds to "accidentally" drift. Awesome review as always!
I love your guys video and the comedy makes me laugh all the time 😂
You guys never did a Infiniti q50/q60 review
“If you want to swallow your enemies” damn James
Current-day Nissan couldn't design their way out of a cardboard box...
A good bit slower than a GR86. Oh dear.
I take that Camaro every day of the week and twice on Sundays
I just don't like the grill. Gives me Pinocchio from Shrek vibes
I have just watched the Porsche 911 GT3 RS (992) presentation. Nissan, I want that treatment in this one. Suspension, brakes, aero, caged interior, bulletproof engine, and lightweight. Ok, skip the fancy electronics. Factory always does it better and cost effective. Come on, Nismo.
There will be a NISMO trim coming next year right? Maybe that will perform better on the track🙏🏼
Am I the only one who's always looked at the new Z as a GT? I'd just take a pearl white one and drive it forever!
I guess the hype really offset reality huh :/
The A91 has a great engine , looks good, it's well tuned and handles well and it already has great aftermarket  parts and upgrade packages. People are too blinded by nostalgia and cant seem to move past the fact that it doesn't have a 2JZ. This car doesn't even come close
Excellent review. Genuinely interested the entire time and I don’t really care about the new Z. Keep up the good work
Finally someone said the truth about this car!
Yes , Nissan got lazy on this car. Great looks but not serious enough for the competition . Thinking it is more of a retired dentists weekend car like the early 1980's Z car. Just not good enough for the price .
Its looks amazing the new Z Nissan.. great content guys keep up
It's slower than a GR86?!
Until he txt'd Mille Bobby Brown :')
Nice to see James bring his son along on a track test 😂
So this Chevy Camaro is very nice car Include by Ford Mustang 70 Years and I love those çar da atmak zorunda kalıyorum mama verdiğim için canım sıkılıyor da atmak zorunda kalıyorum mama verdiğim için canım sıkılıyor da atmak zorunda kalıyorum mama verdiğim için canım sıkılıyor da atmak zorunda kalıyorum mama verdiğim için canım sıkılıyor da atmak zorunda kalıyorum mama verdiğim için canım sıkılıyor da atmak zorunda kalıyorum mama verdiğim için canım sıkılıyor de var ama ben o evdeyken hiçbir takım arkadaşına duyduğu bu direniş hareketi hakem tehlikeli hareket olarak muğla emniyet müdürlüğü güvenlik şubesi gözaltına alındı ve yüksekova dağ komando I'm speaking Deutsch da atmak zorunda kalıyorum mama verdiğim için canım sıkılıyor da atmak zorunda kalıyorum mama verdiğim için canım sıkılıyor de var ama ben o evdeyken hiçbir takım arkadaşına duyduğu bu direniş hareketi hakem tehlikeli hareket olarak muğla emniyet müdürlüğü güvenlik şubesi gözaltına alındı ve yüksekova dağ komando tabur komutanlığı beş gün boyunca onları da atmak zorunda kalıyorum mama verdiğim için canım sıkılıyor da atmak zorunda kalıyorum mama verdiğim için canım sıkılıyor da atmak zorunda kalıyorum mama verdiğim için canım sıkılıyor da atmak zorunda kalıyorum mama verdiğim için canım sıkılıyor da atmak zorunda kalıyorum mama verdiğim için canım sıkılıyor da atmak zorunda kalıyorum mama verdiğim için canım sıkılıyor da atmak zorunda kalıyorum mama verdiğim için canım sıkılıyor da kişi olsa bile dürüst olmak üzere tüm demokratik güçleri ile gol fırsatını verir mi var mı diye bir şey olabilir miyim ayrıca hesap açtım ama tamamen unuttum onu Ben arasında daha önce sarı kartı bulunan ve online bahis oynatma pahasına bunu nasıl yapıyor fakat savunma Araya
re: your comments on its styling, i think that they chose a terrible color for the press car, and they greys and blue look so much better and make the dark grille cutout look so much better.
lool im not ur buddy, guy!
Thank you, camaro doesnt get enough love
Throttle House reminds me of Top Gear from the mid 2000s. Visually pleasing video production, humor thoughtfully mixed in, lap times, quirky hosts that each have their own distinct charisma. But what makes them so reminiscent of Clarkson, Hammond, and May is that they’re genuine friends hanging out, and we are there to hang with them by watching the videos
Those heated seat switches are the exact same as the ones in my parents 7 year old Leaf
Soo basically its a dodge challenger
Nissan is gonna be pizzed lmao
As a former 370z owner now SS 1LE I'll never buy another Nissan
Idk if Nissan saying no drifting was a bit..... But what is Nissan gonna do about it? It's going to be another decade before Nissan comes out with something exciting enough to get the attention of reviewers. There will be plenty of time for them to get over it.
"I'm not your buddy guy..." had me in stitches! 🤣
common nissan L
Why has only one reviewer amongst all reviews I've watched that has compared the new Z to the turbo 6 Supra mentioned anything about the massive wind buffeting you get when driving with the windows down. Especially with the feeling of claustrophobia. Is Toyota paying reviewers to keep silent? That and Toyota knows that's probably a deal breaker for some people, not all but some.
So no one’s gonna talk about the side profile Ford Mustang look alike?
9:15 The Z was NOT built to drift, it was built for the straight away .... Hence WHY it has a front DOUBLE wishbone suspension = to keep the front tires FLAT on the pavement for the straight away.
Nice
I go between this channel, donut, and Doug demuro all day lol
One thing where the owner 1-3 thing falls apart.. Dealerships. 4:59. cant afford it from a dealership used either. 12:38..... lol....
Lmaooooooo good cooling???? Says the man in a VR30!!!! Bruh heat soak is a pain!!! 🥲😭
Idk about this review. Mostly cause it is trying to do a TLX Type S review and track evaluate a definite street car (as factory set up). Like I imagine there ought to be some self awareness in that. As seen in other reviews (well one other) the track nature of the Z changes significantly with just some Potenza’s, no even Cup 2’s.  Between the comfort and performance, and overall set up the Z is certainly a Z car, while the Supra is a soft supercar for Toyota (B58 provides something like 460 to the crank y’all) and the Camaro is a Corvette chasis in jeans and a t-shirt. That said Subaru’s BRZ/86 definitely act as the greatest contradiction to the Z, wonder if Nissan should look for a collab too…
Thats faredinkem
That gear grind IMO is unacceptable. Especially for a sports car-- that's like the Honda Civic Type R's popping outta gear BS. You can hear Thomas grind into second at 15:45, so it's not simply user error. It's genuinely Nissan's shit synchros.
me: *just watched a nissan z review* also me: goddamn I need a camaro asap
I wonder how the m240i would do in their track, not just the G-chassis but the F22 as well
5:52 i am going to imagine ALL the people that reveiwed this car for a few days or a week, really beat the piss out of that car, and now 2nd gear is grinding.
All Ukrainians hate the Z nowadays
10:56 I keep.. It keeps doing that 😂
Thomas & James, your style, presentation, and most importantly - wit remind me so much of late (as in just before they got fired, not as in "the late"... I hope) Clarkson, Hammond, and May.  Apologies if you hate Top Gear, I intend it as highest praise.  Please keep up the amazing work!
Stewey got a mustache.
3:55 Nice BMW ... LOL ... Facts !!!
Nissan says I cannot drift; then proceeds to Powerslide😂🤣🥹😍
I hate this car, doesnt even look good.
I had a '17 SS until just recently when I traded it for a truck (had to have). I miss it so much. Its just so good. When I'm back in the market for a "fun" car it'll be a camaro again. Its just unbeatable for what you get.
Love the new intro!👍
Let me see if I got this right, the Supra is one of the greatest sports cars of our time, it is a BMW tuned by the makers of the 86 ❤️ And people are saying "Just get a Nissan Z because it is a true Nissan" so it isn't that great but at least you get a true Nissan, right? 🙄, do you see why great sport cars are dying? :(  But other than that 😅, at least the Z looks amazing and it's a sports car that's still alive :') (Even if it's not that great 😅)
well we now know which canadian car review channel has more balls
Sorry, i don't think the Z looks that good. The profile is nice, but the front end mouth (that's half pretty much open space for some reason) and the front and rear lights ruin for me. They could have done more. You can go for simplicity and "throwback" without sacrificing elegance and style; this wasnt it.
Stellar review guys, - With everyone doing solo reviews or Drag races only. (except Sofyan on Redline his. reviews are top notch)  I enjoyed this a lot
Supra and camaro over this any day
Content like this is why Netflix/Prime and other streaming services are in trouble. This is a half hour car show with insanely great production value. For free.  Throttle House and Hagerty blow away any streaming produced auto content by far.
As a previous owner of an SS 1LE and a current owner of a ZL1 1LE, I laughed a bit too hard at this comparison. I still find the Nissan Z to be interesting, albeit not in stock form at all. It would absolutely have to be modified extensively to be fun.
Funny. I was between a Z and a SS 1LE. I went Camaro, same color, 2SS. And I'm happy I made the right call. The Z is a massive disappointment, to me. Looks great, too bad it fails performance and experience wise, especially for the price. The Z performance pack is way overpriced.  Great vid. Seriously. And you called out all the proper options at the end.
My 1LE has become a garage queen since I've started riding the Wolf King GT and working from home. Feel bad for her, nice video though!
The GR86 was faster by your own metrics.
The Z is a good car in a vaccume the second you start comparing to any other car. It doesn’t make a lot of sense. Bmws B58 In Supra can make way more power than that engine ever could on stock internals
I think both of you are amazing person and the reviews are good
Alot of poor things to say over a $60,000  toy.  When a $20,000 Yamaha R1 is gonna do everything better. I'm not convinced at all. I still believe performance cars are a gimmick. Especially in Canada... you won't drive this thing all year, no way!
I suspect the 2024 model year the "New" but not really "New" Z will probably have a bit of a bark from the exhaust. Or maybe the Nismo Z when those come out..
They really could have done a better job on the front grill!
Looks boring, sounds bland & performance is average at best.  What a shame....but Nissan has been 10 years behind the times with ALL of their vehicles.
Clowns 🤡 were did car people go? Only a couple left.
Would the base model be worth it over the BRZ/86 or the performance the only one worth considering?
Bravo! *Standing ovation*
I was waiting for Clarkson to pop up after that intro
Go Supra!!!
This is the first review by these guys that is a miss for me. I get the comparo between the two cars, but spending that much time on a Z review showing me a camaro? Give us the review of the car in question, then do the track comparison.
Luv the Camaro
The problem with this is that its far too expensive for not enough car. It will never match the Camaro ss 1le, even if you strip out the interior, put better tires and suspension on it, you are just never going to get that 5 or so seconds out of it. Plus that 2nd gear grind, and the lack of the rear seats. Meanwhile for owner three guess what? The ss 1le is still going to be faster than this thing stock in 5 to 10 years, and if you strip it out, modify it and so on it'll be much much faster. For owner 1 well the camaro is nicer looking (sorry the Z is pretty but compared to the camaro its a dog the styling for the camaro is just a home run), it has a back seat, it has actual storage, and it just sounds better out the gate. Its bigger on the inside and its just a more comfortable place to be, if feeling a bit cheaper. For owner 2 the camaro sounds better, performs better, and if we are being honest holds its value better. Its cheaper to fix, and while it'll get worse gas mileage its a LS engine with a manual transmission, a monkey can work on it, the parts are easy to get and so on.  The mustang, and the camaro are the better cars for the money. The GT86 is actually faster by half a second around your track, and costs at least 10 grand less if not 20 (hell you can almost afford two for the price of the Z) and it can hold 4 tires in its trunk. Hell this thing gets beat by a type R. Its just not what you expect to get when you buy a 50k sports car.
Why does the camaro have paddles? It's a manual transmission isn't it?
if my girlfriend ikazuchi would be yellow like this car i would send her to the doctor
Makes me glad to have a 1le even more once again 😂😂
I’m sure most of the complaints about steering, and handling will be addressed for the Nismo edition
He said the Gr 86 was slower, which is true in a straight line, but he posted a faster lap time with it.
outdated chassis and engine.  mediocre performance.  And that nutcracker front end...  why nissan...
U could hear the grind of the gearbox in the laptime for the Z
the shape of that grill is really inspired ... NOT!
Scratchy black plastic trim  The horror The horror…
When they initially announced the new Z,   I was sooo excited. Over the last year or so I new it would come down to the car being described as okay.
12:45 Damn bro you nailed that. Overall a well done video as well Edit: Has Thomas always been this good? Am I just noticing his performance now?  He's got his acting voice and everything else on point in this video
Might have the same 9 speed that the frontier and titan has which of it is it's a Mercedes derived transmission ...the pathfinder has a zf 9 speed .
BRZ or miata is the best sports car for $30k
Did james just diss drake?
What a disappointment. It has the looks but not the performance.
Looks like the guys from straight pipes have a Z with grind too, and its a different car, looks like a common issue?
When James says “ I’m James”, I always think of team rocket.
As an owner of a 370z since 2015, I was really looking forward to 500hp stock and an infotainment that works and connects to modern tech iPhone! This version seem a step down on all aspects.. the body does not have the girthy flared wide body booty, the from grill looks horrible, the dual paint mismatches at the trunk, the silver line is another thing that will peel off, interiors even the piano scratch me steering feel cheap, and lastly the engine, shocks, and weight are a let down.
The sheer fact that the Camaro SS 1LE beat a GT500 non-CFTP not once, but twice. Goes to show how quick this car is around corners. There's people out there that act like the Camaro is still a straight line car. It disappointed Japanese twice by being quicker than the Zupra and Nissan Z, for less money.
WELL ITS ABOUT TIME
I didn’t see a time for the G80 M3 on track. There hasn’t been a track test of that any of those variants, yet???
Soooo, don't buy it.
So now you guys need to get the Nismo Z or a modified one to test
LMAO!!! Owner 2: Part time Realtor, Full-time GME Holder --- I am dying XD
Bummer I'm the sense of stock performance, but I absolutely love my highly modified 370z... With chassis mounted aero and the corner balance with alllll of my mods, it is go-kart fun.  And with the mods, not including my heavy ass, it's at 3218 lbs.    The new Z prices are spaced a lot... So if you want to mod, either, sport is the way to go, but for me, I kind of wanted a one and done, but hearing that the performance isn't as up to par, I'm bummed out. Maybe I'll wait for a one and done Nismo Z 🤞🤔
JATCO strikes again. Trash transmission.
The 400Z had a slower lap time than the Toyota GR86. That seems totally unacceptable given that the GR86 is so much cheaper.
4:15 This is such good editing, I was literally dying of laughter when I first saw it 🤣🤣🤣
Its funny how Nissan basically gave it the Q60 red sport engine with a limited differential but the Q60 doesn’t come with a limit differential when its more expensive but its predecessor G37s did. Why go backwards? I guess they don’t want anything they make come close to the holy GTR
These guys just blacklisted themselves from Nissan probably all just for a review and I f****** love it
That 1-2 grind is a deal breaker
Camaro all day!
Now, Owner 2 pays more than Owner 1. LOL
Grinding gears in a brand new car? I can already imagine the service department insisting it is user error and that you are driving too hard. yuck
Owner 3...this is what I was waiting for, lol!
Definitely something wrong with the synchros if they're grinding already.
It reminds me of the vantage more than earlier Nissans 🤔
Bro I know what I got 🤪🤪🤪
Nissans are trash
Was Ned Flanders a "low back doctor"?
When James said he was grinding 2nd I was thinking, he should ask Thomas if he's getting it too and then later on Thomas said he keeps grinding 2nd so it's more than likely an issue with the actual gearbox and not driver error. It did look quite under sprung too, on the track it was very jumpy and fidgety. I owned a 350Z 35th anniversary edition and man, that thing was solid, it felt like a Porsche to me.
i just realized that throttle house and thomas holland both start with t h when looking at thomas' helmet. i wonder if this was a coincidence or if this was completely intentional and i just noticed it today because i'm dumb af.
Ace of all trades, master of none
I love it when you guys review cars you do it so well! But I have to disagree. this new Z is probably one of the ugliest ones I've ever seen.
Thank you for comparing it with the camaro, currently a camaro 1le owner and pervious z owner I was excited for this car but buying a car that's so much slower on the track is a deal breaker for me ,the camaro is an amazing handling car and don't wanna give that up. Zl1 1le or gt500 is next on the list.
Loved the Drake jab 🤣
Engineering explained talked about out-shifting this car and it sounds like that's a pretty big issue
1le  all day.
It did worse than gr86 damn
That GR86 laptime compared to the Z . omg
This is actually an excellent review that helped me decide in which part of my midlife crisis should I plonk down my cash.....to buy a Camaro.
Get of the Track hahahahah
I’m glad they compared this shit car to a real sports car. Ugly and slow. Terrible. For 50k plus markups ew. Get a real car for that price
You can see how soft the Z is when he changes gear during the onboards.
So basically you're saying they recreated the 1986 Z31. My dad had one. The total weight of all the gizmos made it seem like you were pulling an anchor around. Still had the coolest dashboard of any car of the time though.
daim !  1080p !  will wait for (hopefully) 4k !  you are the only channel I watch in full screen on my TV !  :)
how does the Fairlady Z compare to Thomas's M2?  Nice Video
Zeee?  Thomas, Please don’t bow to the americans- speak the queen’s English.  Zed
My z32 and r33 (same transmission) both grind in third. Isn't that just typical Nissan?
The irony that a UK licence plate would break up the front end, but we ain't getting the car.
"I'm not your buddy, guy." 😂😀😀
I loved this review with the different perspectives I wish y’all did the 86 one like that 😂 it’s nice to think about
So from the factory it's a flop. Got it.
<--- Im not your Guy... Buddy 4:20
Biggest issue is how ugly the z is who designed this car lol
Where joke?
The old 280zx used to have gear clash when you shift at high rpm.
These guys just smash it out the park. The concept of this video is just amazing
Honestly, it’s pretty dumb that the stupid “yaw sensor” BS from the 370Z is still in this new one. Like, it’s easy to fix, but it’s still dumb that it’s even a thing. A RWD sports car should be able to do burnouts/drift without installing a switch to bypass/disable electronic intervention shenanigans. Easy and cheap to fix…but it’s the principle.
The new Z (especially in this yellowish color) looks absolutely brilliant. Nissan's management can F themselves for not bringing this car to the EU. It would sell like hot cake.
Thomas, you really holding some GME? I'm RC we trust ❤
30k-35k car at most.
car is mostly ugly, front half borderline fugly. Not the kind of car you look back at after you park it.
Cameros are cool but I like to be able to see out of my car
They simply didn't push the Z far enough. Part of that is Nissan being hamstrung by lack of money for development. I've always loved Z's but the new one (from ALL the reviews I've seen) is unfortunately lacking
One of the best reviews yet on the new Z.  Thanks guys!!  Any thoughts on comparing the Z to the manual V6S F-type?
Unfortunately it’s hard to beat the current Price for Performance of domestic manufacturers. The Camaro, The mustang, the Challenger. Whatever you need, you can get it from those three.
Thank you guys so much for telling the truth. This is the most complete review of this car I've seen yet, and I feel like I understand the new Z now. They essentially made a car that appeals to the non enthusiast driver with money to spare who just wants a fast highway crusher. I personally just wish Nissan marketed it differently.
I'm definitely owner 2
It's not as gorgeous as the previous two versions.
Finally got an actual critical review. The car is not for enthusiasts. Its the 4th car in the garage for the Nissan loving doctors who golf. Oh and it grinds the brand new synchros!? Typical Nissan junk. I also am not American and I’d take the Camaro every time. Thank you for not gushing over this thing.
Camaro #1 while it lasts but this is a close #2. Supra overpriced but a great car.
Looks like the same car from the front and sides… but looks absolutely ugly from the rear. They really need to do something about that. Looks like a 1980s Toyota.
I like how he gave a negative for every other sports coupe except the 5.0
the.. "And I'm James" always gets me 😅
Why or why did the designers not  stop and ask "What do you think of the looks?"
It looks good and nothing more
With that money I rather buy a American muscle 🤣
As a previous HR350 owner all I wanted was a reasonably priced sports/GT car.  Liked the Zed as it looked different to the usual rubbish coupes with its haunched rear and throaty sound. Couldnt care less about depreciation or cost... Just want a good driving.. Looking sports GT.. And it fits perfectly. Even today with all the crap we get a clean 350 or 370 looks so different to most things on road. So its a damn shame this isnt coming to the west.. Europe/uk at least.  (dissapointed to hear abouts its handling on the test mind you....)
It’s a shame GM refuses to advertise the Camaro ever since the 2010 transformers
when you think they've peaked... you're wrong
the straight pipes has same 2nd gear issue. is this the same review unit?
So disappointing, I love the classic Z look but yeah, from the sounds of the reviews, it's a shiny turd.
Love an honest take!
Prettier than the previous one, I have to disagree. The previous one really aged well especially when you see the new one.
Between the z and the camaro presented in the video, i would take the camaro anyday, even from a jdm fan perspective. However, i feel like Nissan are going to repair the problems the car has by making a package that makes it more track focussed.
I like the 3 persona of buyers - very interesting the reviewers are putting themselves in the buyers.
I'd choose a sedan over a coupe any day of the week just for practicality reasons. I own a three-door hatchback by the way. A Mini Cooper from 2008.
Doctors are buying Porsches not Nissans.
I never thought I'd see another Japanese sports car that's more unstable on the track than a muscle car.
How do you upgrade, entertain and make a car review better than the regular? Do this. This was awesome. Highly enjoyable. Watching you grow and improve is so satisfying. You both are inspiring to me as a content creator and just being awesome. Love this review!
Love my 1LE
I just ordered a 2023 2ss 1LE a couple of weeks ago. .... hopefully I get it by spring!!! It's gonna be a wait but well worth it I reckon...
The jittering gear shift ( and so the gearbox and engine) are really a sign of a very good car 🛺💥(let alone a sports car). What a piece of crap...well NISSAN/Renault  famous for such things as a Micra or a Twingo 🤪🥱😁😅😂🤣 As Homer once said: Trying is the first step towards failure, and by God does this company try...😂🤣
I love the look... untill you see the front that just looks heaps out of place, as a 3th owner guy the first thing i'd change would be the front bumper
Here's what going to happen with this 'RZ34':  - "motoring journalists" will claim to love this sports car for about 18-24 months until they don't. - after that grace period they'll move on to the next thing and proclaim that Nissan isn't doing enough to stay competitive. - fans who complained that the old car was too dated and expensive still won't buy this new model, while bitching about companies not building any new sport cars for enthusiasts. - As a result, Nissan will build this Z in low numbers with minor upgrades and fans will again complain that this is the worst overbloated Z ever made.  Did I miss anything? I probably did but close enough.
For what it is, (a good looking road car that doesn’t belong on the track) I would go for the cheapest option and enjoy the power plant on the daily drive.
3500+ lbs isn't that heavy by modern standards, frankly. Pretty standard affair. I think what irked me the most is that, it's 2022-2023, and there are still *new* infotainment systems that operates like a damn slide show.
The thing is: It's partially a Renault and Renaults don't have the best of reputation when it comes to engines in Europe.
I just wish they'd taken more styling cues from the beautiful Zs of the 1970s rather than the rather dull previous iteration.
i suspect i'm something like owner #5
I think the Z would make a good daily for someone who wanted a more driver focused GT with a manual and that is certainly a rare thing these days.  For track use?  Yeah, look elsewhere.
im owner 2 LMAO
Savage geese had a great video on this vs the supra. A lot of owner 3 negative comments "seemed" much better when the put the car on better tires
Wait wait wait, there is a fluffy caterpillar on James face.
The Bose system in any Nissan is just horrible.
You guys have been giving me original TopGear UK vibes and I'm totally here for it! Continue!
BUY. HODL. DRS.
what was that color again?! :D
4:22 well im not your guy friend. love the hidden Southpark humour
"Likes: Drake (until he texted Millie Bobbie Brown)" 😂😂😂 This channel rocks man
It’s honestly strange how some YouTubers talk about how fantasticly driver focused and analogue it feels on the track, and then there’s this. Very strange indeed, something doesn’t add up. Savageese don’t strike me as liars either…..
Scatpack better than these it will smoke them
Now this is some good automotive journalism, Definitely gives me old-school Motor Trend and Top Gear vibes 👏🏾
Very interesting hearing the differences between thomas’ driving impressions and savage geese. Albeit he did put some much better tires than stock comes with.
Nissan should've spent the money on making a Nissmo Leaf instead. This car is depressing for $60k
im sure you al lknow but for those who dont, these cars ARE NOT, i saw someone say on Nissans post about the Z say dealerships are selling these shits for 86k (25k markup)....yeah no, a TTV6 is not amd never will be worth that much idgaf. dozens of other better cars for that price range, thats GTR money lmao  and if youre dumb enough to blow that much on this heap of shit...i feel sorry for you
Wouldn't trade my 5th gen 1LE for the looks of the Camaro
The mighty 1-LE is a track Monster.  The Z is a look what I have but not Worthy of hard core Drivers...Not even Close.
“Coochie yellow”? 🤣
"im not your 'buddy', guy"
So the new Gr86 beat the Z in a lap on this track. Impressive.
You guys should open one of your videos like TheStraightPipes. Like say their names and everything.
This is one of the best reviews and performances you guys have done in a while. My side was hurting by the end of it. James was in rare form. Thomas’ track expertise and honest opinions of the Z are insightful and appreciated.
I’d like to see you test a w204  C350 or any other w204 us regular people can buy on your track and rate how well they do
I'm guy #4. I'll steal the car out of your driveway, crash it into a tree 3 miles away, and then part it out.
Please wear a hans device Thomas 👍
Put this against the rear drive M240i and maybe a Supra too
i hate the yellow so much
My takeaway from the lap times is that the GR86 is one helluva track car!
ZED.
I’m not your guy, friend
This shit is funny as fuck I wish these guys had more subscribers
One car I really want to see a review of for 3rd or 2nd owners is 2nd gen rx8s
It'll be a bargain for owner number 3, all old nissan sports car prices go ballistic eventually.
Eh.. Camaro SS 1LE all day over this thing lol
Supra may be a couple grand more but that 2-3 grand difference is WELL worth the performance upgrade you get...
Drag race?
This car looks absolutely hideous from any angle. What a huge dissapointment...
Z Braces
400z slower than GR86 on track ......
No way ur name is Tom holland😂😂
I cannot stand a bad transmission
So happy you got this one!
(:
You have no idea how long I've waited for a Throttle House review out of all the reviews for it! I'm stoked to watch in a sec 👀
The new Z is damn near the same weight as my goddamn 2000 mercury grand marquis? wtf
HIDEOUS
Im like a high level owner 3 lol...
…and now I want a Camaro.
Send this sh*t back to Nissan... it's running behind all the competition...
I love the honest review. I’m a little disappointed with the Z. It sounds like Nissan was focused on the design and paid less attention to the overall performance. Good thing the Z will have a great aftermarket to improve the performance of it.
"Raised bulge"... or HR bulge (07-08).
Don’t know who would buy a Z over a mustang gt PP or a Camaro 1le
I cringe every time I hear “Zed” and not “Z”
It would be awesome to see a race between  the z32 TT vs this "Z car"
Great review! The look of the car is out of the this world. I personally love it. However I don’t think it’s worth what they’re asking. Just my personal opinion. You named a lot of great options to compete with this vehicle
I will take the camaro
7:46 hahaha 🤣 Love your guys’ self-deprecating humor!
I don't mind  the GT-ness but it should have a bigger trunk. And some weight savings would be nice.
3:13 Oi, that child needs a car seat you mustachioed Brit!
Nissan won’t be giving you guys anymore new cars to showcase after this one lmfao
Top gear style review
So are Camaros actually discontinued or was GM playing mind games with us?
Wow I would return that Z the next day. Second gear grind? Really Nissan?
Remember people wait for the second year for the simple bugs to be fixed
I'm more of a fan of what you get with a Camaro but it might be good for people to watch the Savagegeese video too where they cover the exhaust differences between the auto/manual and a discussion on the "bones" of the car like the double wishbone front etc. Good complimentary videos on YouTube for free. What a time to be into cars.
Can we stop putting MSRP numbers on video titles please? We all know that nobody has been able to buy new desired cars for MSRP for the last 2-3 years now. This new Proto Spec Z is being sold for $50k markups here in the USA, which puts the car over $100k. This is getting out of hand!
I need a girl that looks at me the way Thomas looks at James 🥺
As much as I like the Z (I'll probably buy one as I like the heritage and the analog feel), you can slowly see why Toyota needed BMW to build a proper sportscar. It's just too expensive to put together something special on your own these days.
Drake did what now?
Nothing to complain about this new Z (except for the front). This car is the full package. Nissan knows their cars are tuning platforms so having a simple design is great. For about 5k you can change the look of this car nicely and get this thing to 500 whp.
That's one beautiful car !!
I was so looking forward to this vehicle. They took all that time to make a completely forgettable car. I predict a sales flop. Trying to be everything to everyone leads to nothing. They should have made a modern day 280Z instead of a mish-mash of different stuff.
What about the Cayman? In my limited opinion it is the best and you haven't taken it to the track yet.
I'm not your guy, pal!
The owner 3 bit had me rolling. Favorite car reviewer duo today.
when can u guys put a GT500 with Cup 2 and CFTP on this track?
need some detailing  to that yellow car, waterspots on black grill and spots on yellow pain, really  need a detailing with ppf
Throttle House is simply our Canadian version of Top Gear!  If not BETTER!!!
They actually show their list of track times where the GR86 was faster, and the Tom says in the conclusion that the GR86 is much slower. 🤔
I have a ss1le. Absolutely amazing car.
I am so excited for this you guys and the people that help you get this cars by lending them to you from dealers and private owner thanks because this content is beyond amazing
These are gonna be tuned and downpiped all day, then we need to see Supra vs 300z :) only difference is Nissan stayed by themselves and didn’t use another auto makers platform and powertrain.
every reviewer driving the manual is grinding 2nd gear, this is a huge stain on what is an excellent car
Beautiful machinery 😍😍.  Car of the Decade for sure along with the GR Corolla
Just buy a BRZ and put a turbo on it and you can have 400hp for 35K Canadian. Save 25$K
I spent 8000$ more and got a blackwing. I’m actually proud of myself for not taking the Z bait
Honesty this time Nissan didn't have a very good product but they got some attitude there!?
my problem is that it’s base price was increased an insane amount of 33% while still sharing quite a few parts with the old Z that started at $30k!! PLUS you have to spend $10k just to get an LSD on a sports car…. wtf? the BRZ comes standard with one and it’s $27k. bonkers stuff really …
4:20 LoL ... a nod to Terrance and Phillip.. discerning, cultured, comedy connoisseurs I see.
Editor turned down the highlights too much.
how much does this camaro 1LE cost in CA?
wow that quality difference between other channel. I feel like Straightpipes should just aim the direction of their channel for more frequent video updates than Throttlehouse which is like quantity over quality.
I own a 1970 240Z that I inherited from my father. I have joined several Z groups because of it. All the old guys love my car and this new Z is the first one they've loved in a while. This car is for boomers. Make no mistake.
Finally
Im wondering if you guys and the straight pipes had the same press car because your channels are the only 1s ive seen complain about the 2nd gear grind
Bummer… it’s such a beautiful car
9:53 and there it is, what Japanese engineers think when they send cars to North America.
Only complaint is the price the engine note being super quiet because of the turbo muffling the sound and the front lights. The brake lights are super retro 80s style wish they made the headlights rectangular to match the rears.
That Camaro ZL1 would smash that thing around a track or at the drag strip hands down and they even said it LOL 😂 kinda not even fair to bring that thing in
The new Camaro looks like 💩 though and that ruins it. Make the new Z with the Camaro's suspension and tires and maybe a perfect driver's car.
That rectangular grill just looks awkward. Like they forgot to put one and phoned it in last minute.
Where I learn there's another Tom Holland who is not Spider-Man
Glad you guys pointed out the z(p)enis bulge and how it performs going hard-on the track. Weirdos.....😆
LSTM of car reviews
Thank you for the im not your buddy guy
Too bad dealers are asking 20K+ over sticker.
LOVE that this turned into a Camaro review! Now I want a Camaro.
Thomas: _Technically that was a powerslide. By definition that wasn't a drift_ Nissan: *He's out of line but he's right*
"New" Z = overpriced, underperforming POS.  LMFAO  SMH
Yea ima go with the Supra. The hype was too much to be a slower softy boy. Plus power plant potential are miles apart in aftermarket and stock smh.
Props for bringing the Camaro.
I bought a 2022 Veloster N a month ago and I was getting a little buyers remorse for not waiting for this car… but now I feel like I made the right decision 👍
having owned two 1Le camaos now I have to say, bang for buck is impressive!  well worth every penny.
Fair review i am definitely guy #2 haha
I’m not your buddy guy I’m not your guy fwiend I’m not your fwiend buddy
I absolutely hate that front end, and the girly looking DRLs.
This thing grinding 2nd gear is ridiculous! Totally unacceptable. If they all do that then it needs to be recalled immediately. Pay $50k for a brand new car to grind gears wtf? 1LE all day hands down
I ain’t your buddy guy lmao South Park reference
The second gear grind is a BIG NO for me. Also the suspension.
THIS IS THE VIDEO IVE BEEN WAITING FOR
The fact that the base model for 40k USD doesn't come with an LSD is a joke. A friggen base mustang has an LSD, and it grinds 2nd gear too.
Z’s have always been this way, well, at least since the 350z for sure. What was special about the older ones was how they woke up once you stiffened them and opened up their exhaust- taking the GT out. Who knows how this version will do with modifications but with a turbo engine, my bet is that you can make it fast af.. Although, as usual with that combo, less reliable & maybe less fun. Great review as always 🥇
My dream car
Ugly as f@@@@... 350z and 370z much much better
The Cabbage Patch kid nearly made me spit out my coffee, especially when he was trying to hold it's hand🤣🤣  Loved the "power slid" part as well.  This channel is Gold!
Woaahhhh he drifted it mad respect throttle house
Elephant in the Room - The GR86, which costs about half as much money, was faster than the Z on the track.  The Lotus philosophy of "Just add lightness" never gets old.
"It's a coochee yellow"
Waiting 2-3 years to buy one and what Nismo will do with it. Love it!
who was that haircut jab at? TJ Hunt?/
Way to go guys!!! Definitely no drifting here
Great video! SADLY, the woeful decline of the Z started with the end of the 1990s ZX…
So in conclusion, the new Z sucks lol. There is a reason why the Q400 Sport has one of the worst depreciation out there and its the same power-train.
Canadian channel and they didn't say "zed" once.
I have a Camaro ss 1le and I drive it fairly aggressively on track and pass up tons of 100k$ and up cars who just simply aren’t driving it to its full capability
The new twin turbo V6 Nissan Z is amazing. The thing about the Chevorlet Camero is that you can’t see out of it
"I can pick up some fairladies, in this Fairlady" 🤦‍♂🤦‍♂ The dad joke was in character.
The Z with some mods is going to be awesome. Guy 3 is right when it comes to mods. It's going to be awesome with some coilovers, an intake, exhaust and a tune.   Recommending a Camaro...a big 4 seat pony car...to someone that says they want a Z...a small 2 seat sports/GT car...it's something I see often and it's stupid.
The Nissan Z has a grill only a mother could love
Great video guys!   You have to consider a few things here.  Nissan knows this car will be modded. If they plan to track it, there WILL be many aftermarket parts for it to improve those track  times. Majority of people buy these cars and tune it and mod it.
😂owner 2. gme full time holder and crossfit lol. the fad chasers!
ok you guys and the straight pipes might have just got one with a messed up clutch? cause u guys are the only ones ive seen that say it grinds lol
the 86 is faster...kinda unbelievable.
The amount of Z heritage that they've put into this cars design is really admirable. Whether u like the car or not u gotta admit it's amazing how much Z history and pride they put into this car. You and Doug had pretty different opinions about the way it drives which was interesting, fortunately the gear grinding situation seemed to just be a problem for u guys
Shots Fired With exhaust After Market Drifting car commentary 😂😂
That’s subtle Canadian south park reference though 😂 . 4:19
Great episode - a bit sad this kinda stopped being a dream-car. Also - the looks of the Z are so evolutionary compared to Supra - because the Supra had more than a decade of no models, that said, both look fantastic. Owner 4 talking, trying to revert the "tuning" of Owner 3 back to stock form. Greetings from Latvia - and thanks for the honesty.
As "owner 2" of a 2018 Camaro SS 1LE, its a machine I want to keep for as long as I can. So glad I picked it up before prices went nuts
Nicest looking Z since the 260Z. 300Z's were butt ugly.
OK so for the money would you have the new Z, Bupra or Camaro 1LE?
@thomas with the Itzakadoozie reference has got me reminiscing
Was that a South Park reference @4:23? "I'm not your buddy, guy" 😆
If you want a better exhaust, get the factory option nismo exhaust
I feel like this as a press car endured a TON of abuse. I wouldn't doubt if that's why the 2nd gear grinds.
You cant get these in the Uk unless you import :( i wanted to put a gt3 rs spoiler on it
Nit picking track performance is akin to pick up drivers nit picking off-road, and towing capacities. Most just drive them to work, errands, the movies on a Friday, and taking the kids to school. Almost no Z owners will track their ride… ever. I get this is an enthusiast channel, but personally, I prefer the looks of the Z, and when the term “it’s a GT car, not a track car,” is thrown around, that’s actually is a selling point, rather than a pejorative for me.
Most of the Hispanic thugs around here that do those street take-overs...typically drive those all brawn no brain Chargers/Challengers......some Mustangs/Camaros...in 10+ year time when the Z gets cheaper and I'm sure it'll be in their hands.  Hispanics just have some weird fetish for Datsuns/Nissans.  I'll stick to the Supra
New intro is sick🥶you guys posted at the same time as the Straight pipes🤔is this planned
You mean the old US Name was Datsun from back in the 1930s.
I love these I.C.E. car reviews but I can't help feeling a little bit sad about the actual owners. Like I feel sad for a (probably really good) pilot being proud of his biplane...
At least its nissan and not bmw, or subaru. Good job not being totally lazy nissan
Great review, guys! Who was that first driver though, looked a little like James but not sure? 😅 I think the best sports car for 50K-ish is still an off-lease M2 Comp. It can do the GT daily work and still be fun on the track and it returns reasonable fuel economy.
Been waiting for this one from yall 👏👏
I'll take a Mustang GT PP
I wouls go camaro or supra. The front grill kinda ruins it for me and would look much better if there was some trim to break up that box shape
Been anxiously awaiting this one. Two of my favorite car reviewers, and an incredible new sports car
You should review the new 2023 palisade
The last gen was a better looking car.   This one looks like a cartoon.
When you guys showed the Camaro , my soul awakened and got really exciting. I don't know why but when anyone praises the Camaro i feel really great.
That body roll is absolutely crazy to look at... mental...   Curious where you guys would place the 718 among the 29:40 comparisons, although I'm guessing it's in a completely different price bracket.   Has the GTS 4.0 been on Throttle House/ extra yet?
South Park reference 😂
For better or probably worse, I’m driver one.  Lol. Appreciated the different perspective throughout this review.  All the early reviews were all “bending over” to Nissan.   You two gave me something to think about.  Of course that assumes the car ever shows up!   🤘🏻
not a fan of this new Nissan compromiZ  you can get a c7 Corvette with less than 20k miles for this price
What a great, and honest review. Entertaining and thorough. Ya'll are seriously the best in the segment, keep it up. On a side note, I have an F430 I may be willing to put up for one of your videos if you're interested. Let me know!  The driver breakdown was gold, I'm pretty sure I've been all three drivers; and I was cracking up with the .... "under no circumstances am I to drift" ....."oops"
I was starting to get HORRIBLE 2nd gear synchro feel in my 2006 Mazdaspeed 6. Making adjustments to the shifter and clutch linkage saved the day, but also took a bunch of tweaking as there were times in the beginning where it would 'pop' out of second. Got it great right later but man, it's super unnerving.
Explains the delay in driver reviews. Shit gearbox. Same complaint from 2 big youtube channels. Same grinding issue.
this car has an ugly design
Im not sure what owner i am. But i either buy new or less than 60,000. And i buy new wheels and suspension before the car even arrives and install it within the first week of owning it. Then i look for new exhaust and fmic before i flash the ecu. Then every little thing i don't like about it from there, i fix or upgrade as i track it every couple of months going for spirited drives with friends in between. I guess I'm owner number 3. I like Thomas a lot more after hearing him say those things. Unfortunately the Camaro SS is $200,000 over here and the Z is only $80,000
Not like the Mazdaspeed 6 and 3 bulging hood!! The cowl indicated something definitely different than their non-high performance counterparts..
I love how the BAC MONO and the MX-5 are the bookends for that list :D
Good looking cars.  Chevy is reliable but interior is not as sexy, its more brute, manly car, for man 👨 with good size cheeseburger 🍔 love ❤️ handles lol 😂.  I have a Chevy lol 😂  I’m American 🇺🇸 😎🍻👍
Yep. Owner #2 checking in here.
Great review. I know this is off topic but I am very excited for their new Civic Type R review.
10 years back i would have bought American, but in 2022 never
Over rated,over priced,looks the same,looks bland ..just do urself a favor and get a BMW and u won't regret it
I’m just surprised that GR86 is quicker around the track than the new Z. Is that time by GR86 on stock tyre? If it is, then wow…
My god your son is the image of you.
Great video 👍👏 I prefer the previous model of the Z, the 370 Z 🔥 was a beauty, it only needed a redesign interior.
Nissan and infinity just makes me cringe 😭
Just out of curiosity what about those two verses a mustang mach1 with the rack package and Manuel?
I saw the thumbnail a went yessss in front of everyone hehe Cool video
BMW M3 is 3,800 lbs and the 370z is 3,200lbs meh doesn't matter
Want to see how the Stinger and G70 do on track.  Why aren’t they on their track time  list?
I think you nailed this one, on paper it might be brilliant, in a bubble it it would probably succeed, but there are just too many arguably better cars out there.  Is this thing a tune away from 500WHP I don't know but for the next 10 years or so there are going to be a lot of guy 1 and guy 2's getting embarrassed around town or at a track by much cheaper much better cars being drive buy guy 2's and 3's.  Styling, ehh the front is very boring, the side is brilliant and the rear is back to blah and uninspired.
Whenever I see the front of this car, all I see is Domo-kun, and you can't tell me otherwise.  As usual, fantastic job to Thomas, James, and the rest of the Throttle House crew.  Fantastic production quality, easily among the best anywhere.
Im owner 2 except my car was like 35k new not when i got it lol
My favorite car was my 92 TT 300Zx. I was disappointed in this. IF they were going to keep the body style its the 300zx they should have refreshed. For them to come out with a car that the supra walks all over and others felt disappointed then this was a fail. Its new and in this market who knows how well it will go for now.
nice 370z
Thomas, you are North American.
Wow it lost to the GR86 with half the horsepower? Jeeez...
In my Infiniti Q50 the traction control doesn't fully turn off with the TC button. There is a second button next to the brake light switch button that fully defeats TC and stability.
It look like Nissan did partner with BMW. . . Ugly has hell from the front and beautiful from all other angles.
To be honest James's description of 370 gear shifter in true Ozzy Osbourne style (at 26:48) is spot on.
Nissan drivers nowadays forget how to drive reason why there are more videos of people crashing in Nissans than any other cars.. This car is next on the list..
Shifts like my T56 in my 98 Firebird Formula LS1
22:32 I have a good new for you then. Nissan Fairlady Z "Customized Proto" does have just that. It also has fender flares and JDM only color
"the natural way through a corner is understeer on the way in, and then use the throttle to rotate it through"  eh...I would add "to me" when you say "natural way through a corner." turn in oversteer is a beautiful thing.
For the same price I’d probably get a Camaro or scat pack
I hate to burst your bubble, but You live in North America... You're American!
james mustache poop of the dragon
Who at Nissan pissed Thomas off? 😮‍💨. Every other reviewer for the Z have said the opposite of the things he’s saying, especially on the track im confused  now it’s “not a track car”
The camaro makes an appearance!!!
The problem I had with this car since they first showed it was the fact that it looks too much like the 370... I was never into the 370's look and you see so many on the roads, it's just boring now. For $40k, This is not bad. For $50+ no thank you.
Can’t beat American performance dollar per dollar   SS 1Le still mogging the competition
I really admire Nissan for making another generation Z. It’s just disappointing that it’s getting crushed in every comparison test making it seem dead last against its rivals. But like, waaay dead last.
Proper sports cars are a dying breed now. Probably because everyone these days want some practicality (numbness on daily) in the driving aspects. Sports cars are all now having that GT DNA & if they don't they end up sitting in lots with less sales. At this point us enthusiasts should be thankful enough to have another Z or one of its kind. All the sports car brothers of the Z have gone the GT route. See Lotus, the Supra, BMW M, Mustang & the Camaro being an exception is now dying. All this is to blame for the the buyer number 1 in your video. They just want to own flashy cars and drive them around sometimes. They have no intention of track days or lesser ones
Lotus Emira 2022 is the right answer to all your questions.
The shifter and AC knobs remind me somehow of the MX5 ND…
This car isn’t worth the price.  Just buy a C6 Grand Sport.
Thomas didn't drift the car guys nobody snitch
Was the Camaro in touring mode? Blue ambient lighting on the interior.
Not gonna lie but the truths put out in this video are so accurate. It's sad when the Z cost what it does but honestly can't compete with the performance of the others in the market for the same price. Now if it was say 10k less than the competition then it's a deal but if the start point in price is the same on them then it's a tough choice for the Z.
$50k? I'd rather add $13k to that for a base C8 corvette
2nd gear grind is scary but I like this car overall
I think (and this is my opinion) that this Z is a GT not a track car.
This is a great review. but this shifting into second gear thing seems like a dealbreaker. Am I wrong about that?
I'm not your guy buddy
Veloster N seems more fun and a better deal and warranty
I wonder how accurate the boost gage is?
I'm not your guy, friend!!
I wish this car came to South Africa
When people chirp a Supra with comments like "Nice BMW" because it's "not a real Toyota" I tend to remind them that BMW tends to be regarded as a higher end marquee than Toyota which would therefore imply they are actually complimenting the car.  To those who hate on BMW due to the cost of upkeep it's important to realize that the cost of deferred maintenance is reflective of stock performance and MSRP of the car.
I'm just glad it doesn't have a proboscis monkey nose.
Thank you guys for the honest (and entertaining) review on this car. I've personally never been a big fan of cars like the "Z," but I do frankly enjoy the restyling on this one tremendously! Little disappointed in the performance but excited to see how it evolves going forward!
They are going for over 80k in florida lmao like zl1 money it's absolutely absurd 😂
Good on you guys for not listening to Nissan trying to control the narrative and limiting what you can and can't do.
Damn. Beat by a GR86…
Nah... it's definitely a half-baked Sports Car, behaving like a GT. Yep, Nissan lost that spirit in this generation. 2nd version will be prettier (in front), more powerful & connected with a two-tone interior (I hope...) - Anyway, it's a beautiful review as always. 👍
The son lmaooo ya'll got a walmart doll for that, I love watching this show so much. You got me excited about cars again
"full time GME holder" amazing, nailed me..er..it. nailed it!
The fact that grinds 2nd gear, for me, it's enough to keep me away from it.
Few reviews have slammed the Z to the ground as gently as this one. Nice job as always, boys.
This is the power I expected the new Civic Type R !!
Honestly it makes me excited of what Nissan will manage to do a few years into this generation and with some improvements
Looks like all of those other "reviewers" got some nice gifts from Nissan calling this faulty crap new sport cars legend.
Yupp, totally lost me on the Chevy, exactly at 13:12
The nismo will be good for that car
Damn that's a big boy, that thing only weighs 7 lbs less than my 17 Accord V6 sedan.
id get a mustang
Can you guys please do a Mach 1 vs  Camaro ss 1le as well? Thank you.
To note, did you guys experience fuel cutoff? Savageese got fueling issues when tracking the car with under half a tank of fuel and it could contribute to the slow lap times.
When he started talking about another car that's within a few hundred bucks of it, I knew the Camaro was coming. And it's arguably all around a better car, other than visibility. That chassis is incredible
Kick ass review, gentlemen. Well done.
Past, present, and future I like the Z for what it is. I like the Camero for what it is. No conundrum here I'll take my Lady Z in a red dress
Was this an add for Camaro?
Great from the side, great from the back... let's keep it there...
Been waiting for this review for months!
I dont really like the front end... is lukes like they didnt agreed on something and the put it all together
The truth was told! Supra is the one to have between the two!
nissan: do not drift or slide this car throttle house: oops - it keeps doing that GOLD
If you want a cheap way into the alpha chassis in the camaro buy an Ats. I'm the third owner of mine and paid 15k for it 3 years ago. It only had 44k miles and was Cpo
Hopefully, years from now nissan will polish most of these problems off the car.
This made me really happy I bought an SS 1LE
Me realizing Thomas’s name is “Tom Holland”Lmao, Spider-Man buggy🏎🕸🕷🔴🔵 review next
For $50k a couple of used AMG come in my mind right away. Make no mistake at this point the repair prices of Nissan have come up pretty high so repair bills of the amg won't turn me away.
New Nissans are of course, shite.  But, this harks back to the days when they made cars I respected, and even liked.
..or until 2024 Honda S2000 makes a comeback. This could be the best rendition of first Datsun 240.
At 40k these are great cars. At 50k its a fucking joke. A Mustang GT and Camaro SS are faster, cheaper, and get better mileage lol. The only reason these and Zupras sell is because import guys think it's 1989 still and refuse to drive the Mustang or Camaro. Because both of those pony cars absolutely destroy everything under 50k from Europe and Japan.
What an amazing review thanks a lot guys for such stuff 🥳
The nissan 240sx in America was a perfect balanced under powered car. Some tweaks and mods you had a monster.  Starting to think nissan makes cars that tuners and builders will love
As much as I LOVED my 2ss Camaro, it was hell of nightmare to live with on daily basis. But boy I missed that cold start rumble
I have a 22 SS 1LE. Same one as in video color and all... and that car surprises me all the time. Went to a track day and hot lapped it repeatedly and it had zero complaints. Such a good car for the money. Secured mine custom ordered for $48,000 USD and in my opinion thats the perfect price for a car with 6 fluid heat exchangers, 6 piston brakes, v8, manual, ELSD, good trackable tires and a chassis that laughs at whatever you throw at it
You shouldve brought the mustang mach 1 out to play!
This car might be worth a look in 10 years after the nismo is released and has a couple years on it so dealers don't charge 70k for it.
I hate these scripted sounding videos they sound so bad
Kirby joke was hilarious!!! 😆 🤣
I have been waiting on this for so long haha
Does that camaro have a manual and paddle shifters?
Man the SS 1LE performance per cost is unmatched. If I could find a way to easily mount a 1967 body to the chassis we might have something..........
Did yall  really picked the Nissan Z for 30k-50k  limit. ??? You have so many cars that are better than that like the bullet Mustang or scatpack. Shit even the z51 corvette runs for that range. 1le camaro. An yall chose a Z????🤦‍♂️🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
A brand new sports car that grinds gears from the factory! Nope I will pass just like I have passed on all of Nissans sports cars. Camaro or Ford for me.
LETS GOOOOO
I was waiting for Chris Harris to pop out of no where lol
Would you buy it over the new TYPE R
is nobody gonna say it? Its a fucking terrible car. Ugly(no proportions), not sporty to drive and it very plasticky inside.
Just looks and sounds too boring...but boring sells to kids these days. Its a NissSUN cheap and nasty parts bin sports car (its platform is just way too old now..). Good enough sports car for 50/60K ..i guess  NissSUN where's your EXCITEMENT disappeared to???? This car is more of a "Project Car" then Toyota's Z4!!!!
"Likes: Drake (until he texted Millie Bobby Brown)" 🤣. The extra bits that you guys add to your videos makes all the difference. The humor is unmatched.
It looks a lot like an early version Jaguar F-Type from the side - the front and back, not so much. Also, much of this review could have been talking about the F-Type as well, including the comments about weight, the infotainment screen, and the poor sound system. The two big advantages of the F-Type though, are its amazing looks, and the fact that it's got a 550hp V8 :) Since James owned an F-Type, I halfway expected him to make some comparisons.
whait this 400hp "Sportscar" is slower than a 300HP Civic and slower than a gr86? sheesh thats no good.
Camaro ss is faster,looks cooler and you can get them cheaper used with less miles on them. And honestly for the price you can get a used c7 corvette too.
This is a very fair a balanced review. As much as I love the new Z, I feel like it is in desperate need of a proper Nismo treatment.
"Zeee"... "Zeee"? Thomas, I thought you were from Canada?!
It only leaves room for improvement with the nismo version, why give you a complete car when they can give you the rough draft and come in with a final draft and charge you more for it. Loved the review guys!
Its a beautiful car, but I was really hoping for more out of the Z. Hopefully they work out the kinks in a few years.
When the camro showed up it was like the penguin meme
Owner #2 basically describes me. Diamond hands.
Nissan has some internal management issues going on and their products really reflect that. Hope they become great as once they were.
Really you think it is a bad thing when people say oh that car is a bmw?? I really think its better to say somebody is in a toyota or nissan
Do you still have any of your e46 bmws?
This sort of cements in my mind that the 40k "Sport" spec is the one to buy for enthusiasts if you have to replace struts and tires immediately anyway.  Missing out on the Akebono brakes hurts though.
I'm not your buddy, guy! It's Canada's fault!
Tires screeching and car side way Nissan: 👀
YESSSS A 1LE! Thank you so much for showcasing this car, I own one and reviewers have slept on it since its release 6 years ago! I currently own one and everything you've said is true, best sports car for the money and punches above its weight.
I gave up hope after bandying Nissan to make a new Silvia for 15 years, but I hope they sell a bucketload of these Z's so I can scoop one up in 6 years. I'll be making my own fuel by then most likely!
Can’t get over the massive rectangle front end.
Did he really just say “a coochie yellow”lmao😂
Thomas please stop it. You act soooooo much like jeremy clarkson. “This is all if you don’t consider money as a factor,  or is it” That is the most clarksony sentence a car journalist other than clarkson has ever said
I'll wait to purchase the next Mustang.
I would love to see the track they use from a bird's eye view. Have they ever used a drone to show the whole track from above?
7:58 as a person that does keto full time i find this funny😂
Almost halfway through the video, STABILITY CONTROL, I drive a q50 and we have a little bitten under the brake to turn off stability. Curious as to if the Z has that too.
Everybody talk shit about it so they depreciate faster!!
This one is really ugly. 370z and 350z actually looked sporty. Even this dull yellow color is lame!
Chris forsberg has a nicely built z
Am I the only one that thinks it looks too much like a Toyota 86?  Granted I do see the retro 240zx there but all I think about when I see it is 86.
Great review. It seems like Nissan intentionally targeted a few specific things they need to make it sell en-masse to justify its existence to corporate. They know tuner guys will swap the exhaust and springs, so instead they went for more livable and quiet exhaust and ride. The power and stability and balance make it a great road car that you can wring out at legal-ish limits without wrapping it around a tree. The styling is cool, retro, and subtle. All of these things make the Z a much more attractive sell to a guy who may have grown up with the earlier Z line, doesn't want the hassle of owning a classic, but wants to daily a "fun" car that isn't boy-racer. Those are the people who will buy new high-end trims. However, Nissan also managed to keep a lot of the excitement, attention to detail, and character that make a sports car special At its lower price point trims, younger people can buy them and mod immediately. And over the years all of these will trickle down to "buyer #3" and become capable track cars. I think the thing is damn gorgeous and should sell well, and I can't wait to see them on the road.
I must be a different kind of owner 1. By the time my pre-ordered 2022 BRZ showed up I already had a stock pile of mods waiting in the garage. Screw the "break in period". It has been driven as intended since day 1. It will get forced induction as soon as it's available as well.
I hope while you had the Camaro you shot some Camaro vs Cadillac CT4-Blackwing video........otherwise....where is that M3 vs CT4 Blackwing review?!?!
That was a soooooooooth drift not drift bro🙂😁
that second gear grind and the price surely would put off most customers until gen 2s get preowned.
I think the camaro looks better as well though....
Hmmm…. Those guys at straight pipes fucked up this car. That’s why it’s grinding in 2nd
the headlights on the new Z, looks like the 300Z that the Diablo stole... that look just grew on people, this will as well.
Really cool car, but the headlights make the front look way to nice for a car like that haha. Could've been just a little more agressive.
Wow, in this boring world of automatic and EV cars..manual gears are an absolute bliss.
Kewtchi yellow 😭
The 16,8 mpg pop up in the video comes right after James says "I bet that beats the Camaro" so it is not totally obvious that it is the conversion of the 14 liter per 100 km and not the average fuel consumption of the Camaro https://youtu.be/y9gCHoBrflk?t=1566
The best thing you said about it was it's cooling
I love the fact you guys tracked the Z anyway…Salute boys!
What Nissan figured out is pure genius: selling a 25 year old car everyone roaches into oblivion at collector car auction prices by giving it cosmetic surgery.
Thanks guys I was actually thinking about being owner # 1.  The video helps make my decision be a bit more educated.
It may not be as fast as the bmw(supra) but this has plenty of power and potential, seen the drift version with 1000hp and the supra doesn't have a 6spd and the supra is more expensive
10 grand for a performance pack, kind of misses the mark for this car imo.
The 2nd gear grinding in a new car sends up red flags for me personally.
I'm satisfied, happy with how it turned out, the styling, power etc, and i would definitely be excited for the Nismo. But that yellow has got to go
Maybe Nissan will fix these issues if they make a Nismo version 🤔
Try holding traction button for 5 seconds after turning it off if it doesn't disable stability control u might need a ecu hack to disable it
Best brand new sports car for its price on the market today, whether Japanese or American.
It's funny how "this is a track car" was a mid 00 revival started out as an early 00 Australian Hodlen Manaro so you precious track car start from something that no longer exists.
Like to see a video doing a back to back comparison of a 370z sport and maybe a 350 with the new Z
I'm the proud 7th owner of a 90k mile 09 nismo 370z
Nissan’s financial woes are showing in the new Z…. They focused too heavily on the cheap “change the look a little and be refreshingly chic for today” which I imagine will not age well just like the Altima, and did not put nearly enough focus on how the car drives and feels and engages the driver. Disappointing, but expected from a company facing financial struggles…
@throttlehouse Very irrelevant, but I would like to see you guys whip around a CT4 Blackwing. Alpha chassis is, well, alpha.
I'm disappointed in that 2nd gear. Noticed it on almost all the YouTube reviewers when they dropped their video the night Nissan debuted the Z. Seemed like so many struggled with the 2nd gear But not many mentioned it. Which is a shame that Nissan didn't address this before releasing the vehicle. 2nd gear is very crucial. Also this video greatly shows how this chassis has aged.i wanted to like (love)  this car so bad but it seems so flawed .I had  G37 when it first came out. My biggest gripe was its weight. Seems like this Z is about 300lbs over weight 😔. Changing tires or even suspension which most enthusiasts will do anyways might help with handling so maybe that's why Nissan didn't put their best effort into it?   but trying to reduce weight is hard to do without stripping everything
GT, "Get off the Track" LMAO!!!
Then I see straight pipes dropped their video.
This seems to me that Nissan has repeated the generational change between the 280Z to the 280ZX with this car.  Heavier, nicer interior, softer ride...   The car went from a sports car to a cruiser.
50k for "the bones are here" but "i would swap the suspension, throw out the tires". and the engine sound so lazy revving omg... like an old american v6 in a ford taurus
just get the toyota 86, better car feel this shitbox is too heavy for a sportscar
Best car channel on youtube
Nissan teamed up with....uhhh....Nissan in in 2001 to rebody the 350Z, again.  That said, I really dig the looks on this.
It's a shame the outward visibility in the Camaro is attrocious.  I think that's what really kept it from selling (along with the last few 'looks').
A time ago, JDM cars used to look good...  And then they started designing them in North America. 🤦‍♂️
Z is always last on my list. Never hits performance or values marks when compared/cross shopping. At least its beautiful.
Are Z people really cross shopping Camaro? Seems unlikely.
This would be so much longer if it was a mustang. "So you are owner #8?"
So well done.
I kinda had the sense this thing would be screwed up in some way. For the price a smart buyer would get an F type R or supra on the used market. Supra if you're a track guy, f type if you're a GT powerhouse guy. The market for this is what, exactly? Broke JDM fans? They can't afford it.
Hey nissan can we get a silvia now
Zed.
uglier than the original
Been waiting to see your review! Great work guys!!
I keep seeing this 50k mark for the z the one I specd out started at 39k with a 6spd manual. I don't need bells and whistles just big brakes and a 6spd, I did add some small upgrades brought me to 44k but I can get an lsd down the road and probably a better version
i think its super ugly :( sad bc it was my dream car when i was 10 and now that i can afford one, i dont like it
Challenger Hellcat Redeye is slower than Gr86? With 228 hp?
Ratty drift car... Don't be starting no beef with Yuri
Why does the UK not get the Z or the 1LE :(
my nissan march also has that grind noise when I put into reverse, I don't know why nissan doesn't fix it.
I'm glad someone finally made an objective review of this car. The hype around it has been ridiculous.
James's son is so cute !
How can these videos just keep getting better?!
Ehh seems like a 370z would be a better option to me
Yall made that car seem so boring 😆
I love the TF music when showing camaro
Guys, the Z was never meant to be a drift car or even a track car. Just a Japanese sporty daily driver's car.
Hate to break it to you. But the Chevy is a muscle car. So yeah makes no sense.
God damn it I’m an “owner 1”
GM is supremely excellent at chassis and suspension tuning. The 1LE variants has been known to be very capable for a decade now. It’s always a tough match to go against a 1LE
Another manual equipped, rear wheel drive, 400hp is always a welcome thing.
Terrible paint color on that Z..
Owner #2 here...
'take me to dinner first'  -  hahahhaha
JDM is dead and gone, and unless Japanese manufacturers start tuning their cars for track from the get go then you can forget it. If the chassis didnt change then you know what to expect from this car. It will sell boat loads though.
Ouch on the pricing... Started 2022 with the "product specialist" pricing the base at 30k, and everyone lost their minds...  then it became 40k and now 50k+ for the performance.  a 10k increase over the 370z base?  Yikes, now add the dealer markups and this is shaping up to be the letdown of the year... It's a cool car but a total pricing bummer.
Moral of the story: get the GR86 and save 20k.
Hearing both a British man and a Canadian man say “Zee” is like the uncanny valley of English dialects
This thing is leaps and bounds better than the "Supra"
I agree, it’s a great car. But if you’re performance-minded, It’s Competition pushes it out of the Top 3 New sports cars for the money.
So, Nissan turned the Z into an old mustang. That suspension is hopeless.
This is a proper review. The front does look a bit dull. The side and the back are epic. I can't wait for the aftermarket to make it better looks and performance. It is the old 3.0 twin turbo from the Q50 red sport. I wish they had a different motor but nissan always tends to be a bit behind.
I am Thomas, and I am not an American I am Canadian ... I wonder if he drinks Molson beer?
0:25 And the answer is always Miata.
I want to to see the Z back on this channel but with basic mods like coil overs and higher performance tires on the car. P.s. there’s still hope for the future NISMO version I pray. 🙏
Reskinned 370 thats slower then the Supra, plus Nissans reputation of having piss poor quality of late👎🏾
if you can find one for 50k sure.....
Man, am I the only one who can't get enough of that lime yellow color? It is such a great choice for this car.
I'll jus say it. MKV Supra >
That laptime is... nauseating... it lost to an 86... I almost feel like a 370z would beat its laptime. It also comes stock on those shitty Potenzas, but at least the damping is really, really good. It stays super settled. But really, those tires are shit. When I bought my 370z, I switched tires as soon as possible. What a shame, Nissan did not make the right decisions.
I was looking forward to this review. I have an 86 that I was considering trading in for the Z in a year, but honestly I think ill stay with the 86 and probably slap a supercharger on it for more fun at the track. While I love Zs, I dont think this is a big enough upgrade since I have to do the same modifications as I did to my 86 (wheels, tires and coilovers) to make it a track weapon, and my 86 is already a very good track car.
Finally the Z!
Nissan Z 2023's First Performance Test: The Next Generation of Z is Worth Waiting for and waiting for orders, friends👍👍👍
The Camaro is 100% the best choice. Cheaper to mod, more reliable being an NA V8 over a Nissan turbo V6... No brainer
I have really bad diarrhea
Watch... when Nissan announce the Nizmo.... get rdy for the GRMN
"Coochie yellow"   DEAD!!!!!!!!!! XD
You mean to tell me that Nissan made a bad car? Get out of here! No way!
So it needs good tires and an exhuast
I'm very much guy #1.  I want mine new, full warranty, and I'm not going to mod anything.  So the Supra gets my money.  It's a BMW, and they make great interiors.
I'm so pissed of, that we won't get this car in Europe... Fuck politicians 😡😡😡😡
No one on their right mind would buy this over the supra! Change my mind!
Comaro....good car but you look like an absolute tool in it driving around town.
Itsacoochie yellow
I feel in line with second owner and I keep my cats until I can't repair them anymore. I would probably just trade this in after 6 months because it wouldn't make me want to keep it long with so many shortcomings out the gate
I don’t feel this car got a fair shot. Driver 1 is all that matters now. So Why not a road test where it will spend 99% of its life. Maybe even a grand tour
I think the grind is because it’s a press car and people have been driving it that just learned stick 5 minutes ago.
Don't forget the dealer markup in the title more like 80k car
The two stooges. You are not car guys. Sorry.
Really surprised by ss
The LFA has ruined Thomas forever.
Road noise is louder than the car itself
What I got from this video is. This is a tuners car, a car that is a "sports" car. But it has to wait till 10-15 years when driver 3 comes along and gives it a full suspension upgrade. But as it's stands it'll sell to people who want a sport car look, and those that are always complaining the ride on new sport cars is to harsh. I guess what I am trying to say. The new Z is  a diamond in the rough. Nissan just put out something they believe will sell.
Please keep up the honesty. that's what keeps all this alive!!!
Turbocharged peice of garbage
For the algorithm
Great review!  It won't pry me away from my 2019 Mustang Bullitt, but it looks like a great car none the less.
You guys suck! I woke up earlier than I wanted, saw the YouTube notification and HAD to watch before going back to sleep.   You’re ruining my life. Nice job
Your review and the straight pipes review came out same day and almost same time and both you guys have such a similar REAL opinion on the car and that’s amazing
Wonder what the premium will be for the nismo model. They want way too much for too little.
Paddle shift on manual Chevy ?
I'd pick the Camaro over the Z for the noise alone. Even if I had to cry a bit every time I went to the pump
I'd take the Z because I drive more on the street.
14:15 Sorry, but First of all you are an American! 🤷‍♂ America is not a land, it's a continent! Brazilians are Americans, Mexicans are Americans and even Canadians are Americans! 😂 There's nothing to be ashamed of, not everyone automatically thinks you're like U.S. Americans! 🤭☺
Scat pack for the same money lol
Zedd
what on earth is the chassis shake on the gearlever in the Z?
Some of the very best car reviews on YouTube and extremely entertaining to boot!  Well done guys!!!
Yea I'm owner 1 in the future. Owner 3 might be a bit batshit for me.
This was one of your best videos
The Nissan Zed
"ZED-ness" 🕶
I'd just get a infiniti most slept on
You guys released this review at the same time as TheStraightPipes and let me tell you, I love their channel but the editing in this video is just a million times more creative. Keep up the good work.
Didn’t think I wanted a Camaro until now…
I'll pick the Z over the camaro, even when the camaro is the better performance. On this case i luckily have a tunable 2021 supra. For me the best of all comparable
The exhaust sounds great Nissan, do you know how many infinite's there are out there with horrible sounding aftermarket exhaust? too many
I wish people would stfu about this GME thing. It's even in these videos now...
Hmm you guys should talk to Savagegeese, lol!! The camaro interior is so FUGLY tho!! Smart to not show it at all, lol!! The Nismo version will be the track car.
Why anybody would spend this much money on this ugly piece of crap. The cars but as ugly
That second gear grinds my gears
That 400z steering wheel is giving me Mercedes vibes
BRUH.... NOT EVEN ROLLS ROYCE says that you CANNOT drift their cars... and already having syncro issues on the tranny? This car is pure shi... I mean Pure Nissan... same thing...
Never hated more than ever that z symbol in my life
Why does the Camaro have a stick and paddles on the steering wheel?
"Nissan told me I'm not allowed to drift this car. Oh sh*t! Oh sh*t! [...] Oops, gah, it keeps doing that!" 😆
Oh oh, that’s me. Leaning in the rev match to help me
Need a ~$50k shootout between these two, the equivalent mustang, and Der Supra
Honestly, I'm not sure Canadians know how to drive.
It's under sprung, grinds the engagement into 2nd, heavy and underpowered... yes I can understand why Nissan said, "No Drift for you"
Heel and toe is just a gimmick for people thinking it's cool, look at meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.
So its a 370 Z slightly changed by the mfg,.. for 50k. with bad shifting, bad steering, looks are blaw, like the other models. Performance is ok, but not that good, you would need to spend 20k on fixing it up to make it better. . a lot of cons here. So for 50k, time to get a used M3/4. Much better choice, better looks, MUCH better performance, This Nissan is way under the bar. Pass....
Am I the only one who does not like the looks of the new Z . That front end is more than I can take .
The Camaro looks much better and looks like a monster and the z looks also good no doubt but i am leaning much towards the Camaro
My 06 350z had 2nd gear grind!!
Nissan should stick to what they do best and that’s make fleet and rental cars.
24:57 I hear the same from my buddie with a newer accord
The owner #2 has Drake (until he texted Millie bobby brown) 😂 😂
Looks cool. For me personally, I'd rather get a gt mustang for the price point.
I own a Zupra and it upsets me that Nissan put those dinky Bridgestones on, even on the 50k performance packaged car. Put some Michy’s on Nissan, don’t cheap out and force the consumer to get the right set of tires! More so, we’ll be able to accurately compare the Z to its rivals.
He sliding that bitch he said fuck nissan 😂😂😂
Does Z still have dumbass auto rev match ?
Camaro is by far the greatest vehicle of all time❤️
This car, like everything else from Nissan, is allllll marketing and no engineering. I have friends that work at Nissan's desert proving grounds in Arizona, and they all drive Toyotas. Lol. The only people who really buy Zs are teenage highschool girls with rich parents (the real "customer 1") and grassroots drifters who replace everything except the body panels after the highschool girl's dad's sell it in exchange for new BMWs.
Like an old alpha which grinds second lol. Need to double shift. Slide back into neutral and then back into second. Not acceptable in brand new car.
James had a V8 F-Type? Sweet.
I am only owner number 1 because I got tired of being owner number 2 and NEVER having A/C. So yes I am grateful to afford a new BRZ (granted it’s the base and has no options, so still being as frugal as possible), and as the miles rack up and I become comfortable with RWD I will inevitably become own #2 and mod it after warranty and keep it forever lol.
Ok so bad suspension, bad steering, bad exhaust, broken trans, turbo v6, or I can have amazing suspension, amazing steering, amazing exhaust, proven strong trans, V8. Hmmm such a tough choice 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
James walks into his local Applebees and yells who wants a stache ride... Err whatever the Canadian equivalent is to Applebees.
SavageGeese has the car on tires and pads and it’s 2 seconds slower on his track than the Supra.
Throttle house > everything
Z is expensive compare to Supra in terms of what u r actually getting.
🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢....  manual.... 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
50,000 twin turbo money pit Almost a liter Less displacement but 2 turbos to make only 50 hp extra than a previous n/a... Money pit!!!
The Fibonacci spiral. Keep up this awesome work yall.
I’m definitely owner #2 (even tho I bought my Kia Stinger brand new)…But I still relate to owner two
So you trying to tell me that it is slower than redeye on track???
It did worst than a Challenger Hellcat Redeye???? LMAO
makes sense that it drives like shit. Its a 370z reskin which was a 350z.... But 90% of owners won't care. They'll drive it on the road and enjoy the way it looks. Glad this exists. Gives Toyota something to think about.
That's funny. You go from the "z" to the Camaro. As soon as, Thomas started it. I was like now that's a sports car... lol..
Kudos to Nissan for making the new Z and in a manual no less. In contrast you have Toyota that rebadged a BMW. Something odd is happening to Toyota. They should be the ones with the mostest sportscar money can buy that they made not a BMW. Same goes with their electric SUV, which is a rebadged Subaru with wheels that can fall off. WTF is happening to Toyota when NISSAN can kick their butts?
I think looks alone, doesn't make a car.  and to me, a GR86 with mods is a far better investment into both driver thrills and way of living.
The Canadian guy doesn’t know how to get most out of manuals, short shifts a lot.
Who else hit that like button before watching the video?
I've always loved Z cars. I had a 350z nismo, driven my friends 500hp z32, and another friends 370z with tire, brake, coilover upgrades. All great cars. I was watching this video and I was just like why would I get rid of my paid off SS 1LE for this car? Then you brought the bad boy out 🤣
The shifter on the z shakes like my 2008 toyota one xd
I 💯 PERCENT enjoy the fact you guys aren't afraid to ruffle feathers for honest reviews!
muscle car in ur dreams
Drag race it with a scat pack cuz why not
I'll take E92 M3 instead of this car
I love the rear and side profile of this car, the front end is a big letdown tho but nothing an aftermarket grill and bumper can’t fix
When James held the doll’s hand.. 😂
You are creating such strangely perfect duo that i cannot imagine a youtube without you guys. Keep your work!
Is it better as a drivers car vs a Jaguar V6S? i have a love hate relationship with my Jag, next choices are this, a Supra or something stupid.
I’m not a Supra or a “Z” guy but after reading/watching the reviews for both my money would be spent on the Zupra manual.  The Z is just a bit soft and underpowered.  Yes I know you may can fix that with aftermarket parts but those parts also void the warranty.
Is it just me, or did the Z seem to have an incredible amount of bounciness compared to past cars on this track?
Nismo should address the suspension and add more power -  Supra is GR - Gazoo Racing was part of the development. Its Nismo time to make it a real track car
This felt like a really balanced review. Most (all?) of the "early" reviews of this car had presenters gush about what a great value this "$40,000" car is while driving the 50k version. It drove me a little bonkers.
You’re Canadian, right? Then it’s zed, not zee.
holyyy how did I know one of the persona's would end up being a meme stock holder 😂 so fitting lmao
10x better than carwow
Slower than a gr86. Wow
Love the car.
I can draw a better car than this
1st buyer, 2nd buyer & 3rd buyer…. LMAO, spot on gentlemen, spot on.
I hate when I accidentally drift at 3 in the morning around the round a bouts as well Thomas🙂
All those additional mods as third owner mean diddly squat if you don’t first fix that second gear
If this Z is like previous generations, it will easily be made into a track weapon.  One of the best track cars I've ever had was '91 Z32 with 450 hp, stiffened/lowered suspension, squared 275 tires, and a NA 4.08 rear end.  It screamed and was as stable as a rock.  One of the biggest differences out of the box is the steering, which was perfect in the Z32 (HICAS-delete), which might be difficult or expensive to correct in this newest model.
Such a great car i love the dash and retro design.
I like how he has a mustache on top of his mustache. Freaking legend James
These things (400Z) are lost on me... great video either way though. Keep up the solid work.
I use to hate this channel but then like anything i sat down and watched some videos and now even with all the other yters droping videos i come to this channels videos first just for the quality and ideas in which you guys do reviews great job in making me a fan subscribed and liked the video
Eh it's not the best looking car, the front end looks like Pinocchio from Shrek. It's a car that if you liked the 350/370Z then you'll love it, but it doesn't sound good, I've worked on VR30 engines and they're junk and even with mods, are going to get the snot beat out of them by even a mildly tuned b58. It's a either you love it or hate it car, and I don't think enough people love it that it's going to sell like crazy, especially for 50K plus with Renault quality.
VR30 boys down bad. Nissan continues to go in the wrong direction
Lots of humor, y’all make the video watchable. Great commentary! Loving the content
with a little bit money and the right modification´s, it can be a really good performance car.
Oh man! You guys knocked it out the park with this one boys!
This is probably one of my favorite episodes, the creativity they had for this one lol keep up the great content guys
Why not get a car that is a thing in Europe too to compare to the Z. Camaros are not a thing there at all.
please take the new Mustang Mach 1 track pack around the course and see what the time is.
How and why should something be a GT without being a luxury car? The one thing this car (could've) had going for it was its merits as an affordable sportscar. GT cars are like the S5 and E-Coupe which have those same faults as sportscars (soft suspension and heavy), but they also are far nicer and similarly priced. Shame. Nissan could have made a baby GTR or Supra killer but they didn't engineer it. That's what I have come to expect from Nissan these days. In my own personal opinion, I don't think it looks good with its silly retro styling but that's completely subjective. I would soooo much rather have the new Type R for less (I know its FWD) or AMG A45  for the same money.
The fact is, if these cars could time travel to the 90s, they would be considered super cars. So if you are buying these cars now you literally would be the same performance as 300k cars back 1995.
Is it bad that I like the NA engine from the old one, and just wanted to see some chassis and interior improvement?
Even a Nismo version wouldn’t be close to the camaro with those numbers. People sleep on the camaro ss 1le but it has been bargain of century. Get one if you can.
And this is where I, an avid Toyota fanboy and a big BMW supporter, come in and mention that an A91-6MT uses an amazing BMW straight six combined with Toyota's chassis tuning and the willpower to cobble together a bespoke manual for this car. Yes the Z is a Z and the Supra is a BMW but it's just BETTER
Nissan is just the brand of 'member-berries. Just seems like they don't care what they produce.
All my fellow third owners, rise and REJOICE!!!
Been waiting for this one to come out
So, basically it’s similar around the track as maybe the Mk8 Golf R? Stock? Hmmmmm
ID Still buy the Z..I like the Style and the Engine. good enough for me. Plus agree on the aftermarket..Love making cars like this my own.
ya, well not until they show me the convertible. i never track... i enjoy fast curves in the hills with my hair blowing in the wind.
Honestly newest Camaro front really look FUGLY!! But i like the rest of it. 5th gen Camaro front with the circle halo DRL really look MUCH COOLER. I really don't understand why auto manufacturers hate circle lights nowadays (example Ferrari).
日本ではカマロは100万円以上高いし、大きすぎるし、燃費悪いし、壊れるし、ディーラーないからz買うわ
50 grand is what I paid for my modified c7, or a well spec V8 pony. Both of which are easily faster. I don't get the appeal
I search for throttle house daily. The amount of dopamine I get from this channel is in health
Its a shame Nissan went GT on this. Despite all the market and engineer talk suggesting otherwise. While i definitely know the Camaro is fantastic, its way too large a car to me. GR86 to me is the best drivers car across multiple price points
Nissan. You’ve done it again. A perfect blend of mediocre and insufficiency, adding up to disappointment city.
I have a Q50 red sport with the same engine as this.
If you guys use km instead of miles why use pounds instead of kg? Make no sense 😂
https://youtu.be/tSNxdMrRRG8
Was the "ratty, high-mileage" comment a shot across the bow... ?
2:50 the reference 🤣 heel and toe is a great channel though! Especially liked the lotus video👌
BMW Z4 > Z
That's 1#Fugly color...😢😢
Carplay/Android Auto have very little to do with the car itself. They basically just use the display as a terminal for the phone. All the video and application processing is done on the phone.
It’s always the same thing.  Camaro’s and Corvette’s always smoke the cars they are priced up against .
At 26:45 the word you're looking for is phallic
Wow, this makes me sad. If it can't attack the track nearly as well as the stock 370z, then we've taken a step backwards, Nissan.
I have never regretted one day of owner ship of my 2019 Camaro SS 1LE, and I fully enjoy using it as owner 3 does even though I’m owner 1.
Sucks you can't buy it in Germany 🥺😭
In yellow! You guys just made my day. Sadly Nissan has totally ruined the idea of the Z.. I'm happy it didn't come to europe, they seriously need to sit down and think how to make it waaay better.
The Camaro has no lift shift. Why not use it on the hot lap?
The front of the new Z is uglier than the new M3 or M4. I think the M4 looks good,  oh well. I do like the fact the Z and M cars are focused on cooling.
Love that they you didnt just put it against a supra. Mustang next?
Z is booty compared to that SS
“If you want to swallow your enemies, you need a big mouth”  Thomas’ face when James says that 😭😂
Nice Renault. :)
so thomas, how does it compare to the M2?
IF WHEELSPIND WHEN SHIFTING YOU WILL GET GRIND - EVEN IN A 124 HP COROLLA / GEARSHIFT WHILE WHEELSPIND = GRIND (not rocket science - do slowmo film test and you will understand)
That was a GENIUS way of reviewing a car! Nailed it with Owner 1!!! 1000% true everything.
it´s Ok for $ 50k but nothing special or very good on the car.
😑
I know The Orientals can make a good sounding engine...right?
Great video. Supra > Z
Sorry but I wouldn't purchase an American car unless its under warranty, they just don't last once the warranty is up imo.
Thank you for this delightful review. Been there since you guys had few followers  Love the growth!
The rear looks much, much better than the front. They should have had circular headlights, like the original, in the front.
My first car was a 79 280zx, followed by a 76 280z. I have been looking forward to this car because it looks like a proper Z. However most reviews say the same thing, its heavy, more of a gt, falls apart at the limit. So I bought a Neptune blue gr86 and it feels like the spiritual successor to my 79 280zx.  Edit* as of 8-18-22 I have finally driven the new Z. Here are my thoughts. You can clearly see parts of different generation Z influences in its styling both inside and out. It’s fast but that’s a given. The suspension is softer than expected and if you want a GT car then this is your car. At 5’11 I would not be able to wear a helmet for track days so that’s a bummer as the seating position is really high even when the seat is in its lowest position. At its base price of $40k it’s a bargain but the example I drove was almost $54k and at that price the Supra sounds better and is quicker although I still don’t forgive the montage of fake vents. Plus in my opinion the new Z looks better but looks are subjective. At the end of the day I am just glad the new Z, Supra, BRZ, GR86, Miata, C8, Cayman, Mustang, and Camaro exist. The right answer is choose one, drive it and love it. I chose the GR86 which one did you get?
That's a LOT of shifter movement.Looks like it has a bad trans mount or something. Maybe has something to do with the grinding ? You can see the shifter bouncing around as they are driving it.
Great vid - GR86 was faster around your track than the Z. Time for a Head 2 Head with better tires?
This makes me wonder what the 2025 Z will be like. In a couple model years when they've hopefully ironed out some of the kinks. Fix the second gear grinding, maybe stiffer springs, even make the steering more responsive. That, or the inevitable Nismo version which ought to be much more of a performance car
The Camaro is *not* a sports car.  It's a GT car.  2+2 coupe.  That's why it has so much power, in part.
I'm not your buddy guy 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I'm with you Thomas.  I was Guy 3 with my first car - a 1974 Datsun (remember them) 260Z.  Even back then, the Z cars were better when you stripped out a used one and used them for a race platform.  LOL
"Yeah...oops! Sorry I did a power slide." Classic Thomas
This video proved how bad my eyesight is
Why do you Canadian guys call it a Zee rather than a Zed? Instructions from Nissan?
Just came from StraightPipes Review. Lol “technically it’s not a drift” hahaha
lol guys this time hilarity really hits the fan
Is Thomas's last name Holland?.... wouldn't that make him... Tom Holland 🤔
At least it's not a BMW underneath ;)   *ahem* Z4pra
When James explained that he was actually guy 1 AND guy 2, I lost it.
Idk.. we've been seeing this car for soooo long and the more I see it the more I dislike it (aside from that incredible rear).
So stupid😑
GR86 for the win! :)
CAN WE GET RAM TRX vs RAM SRT10!!!!????!!!
I too have a Camaro SS. It's amazing. You could even have a used 2017 ZL1 for that price. I got my 2017 2SS fully loaded for 28k right when the pandemic hit. Can't beat it for the price.
I’m waiting for them to be salvage and affordable like my first Z for $5600🤓💰
A Blue Chevy Camaro? I think I’ll name it Bluey.
Was going to buy one but Toyota decided to make the Supra manual. Now it's a tough choice.
I mean It's biggest opponents at least if you were talking to someone logical would be camaro and mustang. More power, V8 NA, double wishbones on all 4 corners, and it's cheaper. You can get a camaro LT1 for like 35k. You can get a fully specced out Camaro 2SS 1LE for the same price as the Z  Damn, Didn't realize I predicted the video LMAO I'd barely gotten past the intro when i typed this out.
The most informative, communicative best shot and entertaining channel on YouTube. Keep it up guys👍
I somehow realy don't like the looks of it. The 370z looks way better in my eyes. The inside is awesome though. The only thing is the sluggish infotainment. In a car for 60k you definitely can ask for something better. Mercedes and BMW put better ones in their A-Class and 1 series already...
Bottom line... It's a Fair Lady...
Ahhhhh I already can smell the tuning potential of this engine and the car
Way better than straight pipes. Those guys I use to watch all videos and are boring.
Verdict?  The “Essence of Z-ness” is looks, style & design heavy, WEAK on handling and dynamics….  PASS until Nismo Edition 👀
They did a good job with the rest of the car but it's like they completely forgot about the front end. It looks like an economy car from the front. It just doesn't have any character. The lights look like an economy car, and there's just big swaths of flat plastic on the sides...
I approve
im not looking to offend anyone but that's an ugly car :( the 370 and 350 looked awesome)
Failing YouTube side hustle.  That hurt. 😅
"Zee"? I thought you were Canadian...
If anyone is interested in the conversion the z got 32 mpg on the track
Whats wrong with your son?
The answer is always 1LE.
Coincidence or seething rivalry that two competing Canadian car reviewers posted a Z video at the exact same time??
lmao LFG GME holder
Supra is the one for me
Oops 😉
Should be able to tune this to 550bhp pretty easy and cheaply
It's "Zed"
You should have your son in a rear facing child seat owner one.
Mustache on mustache.....ridiculous, and brilliant comedy.
The Z looks like a GTA car trying to avoid copyright 🤷🏻🤦🏻
Camaro is really hard to argue with but this is a formidable effort
I'm Guy 1 in that I buy new. I don't want someone else's ass groove in the seat, or their farts, or their ghosts and bad habits engrained into the car. I love that new car smell, fresh paint, and moving on into something new and different after 4 or 5 years. And my cars look brand new after all of my driving because I care for them dearly - so whoever gets them after me is in for a treat (Hell, I made a pregnant women eat poutine next to the car in the dead of winter because there's no eating in my cars).
My favorite moments  11:01 27:50 thanks Thomas your the best.
Crunching 2nd already ,yikes
I Really excited new 400z
I was sad everyone reviewed the Z but u guys, now I'm happy a kid lol
I've been waiting for this one.
You guys should have your own show on tv or netflix
I was just thinking yesterday "I wonder when throttle house is going to do a review on the Nissan Z".. thank you for scratching that itch
Thomas is a cheeky boy😛
Lemon Drop
Damn this a problem after all both u guys and the straight pipes post the sametime
Why does a manual camaro have flappy paddles?
You mean Bridgestone Pretend-za.........AmIRight?
The Camaro’s underpinning can be traced back to the Holden Commodore. RIP Holden, your spirit lives on.
This review was excellent. Let's be honest though. The future Z owners are so cult-like that they're going to buy this vehicle no matter what.
Wait 53psi of oil pressure at redline? Interesting…
That manual😎
I love the fact that you make your reviews fun, that alone makes you guys unique and special.  Keep up the good work guys.
"the five spoke is an homage to the four spoke" actually cracked me up. xD
I’m wondering if the “nismo” edition thats rumored to be produced makes it less of a “gt” car and more of an aggressive/track oriented car
The Z looks like the S2000 got a dad bod.
Please review new Ford Ranger / Ranger Raptor 🙏🙏😁
New z looks heavy
For modifications, the 370z is still the better candidate.
U guys should have the prices of the cars in the timechart as well
3:28 i understood that reference. Respek
Is the GR86 a cheaper competitor?
Yooooo new throttle house ep let’s go
2 minnn
Camaro SS 1LE and the M2 and my favorite reasonably price cars
The current gold standard of car reviewers, honorable mention to Hagerty
Wow, that front is ugly as fuck......
Ive been waiting for this one for almost two years
"it was technically a powerslide" XD
So for a few more thousand you get a supra… supra it is
It’s a nice update, but far too late. This should have come out ~8 years ago!  Why do I see switchgear from my 2002 Nissan?!
Lmaooo. Whoops, luckily we caught that in 4k ultra slowmo from several different angles.  😂
" _failing youtube side hustle_ " - ouch hits home.. hard
The problem is that you didn't understand the function of the Z, these cars are made to be tuned since its first generation, and in that it becomes an infinitely better car than the Camaro
The South Park reference 🤣🤣🤣🥂
Z or Supra - if you guys had to choose..  when invited to an all day mountain run? (can't swap mid-day) 👀
I think your son needs more time in the uterus.......
Yeah that nissan has poor quality the way that shifter moved after u applied the throttle no it getting gear grind
"Even though they told me it's rear-wheel drive"...   And Owner 3's "persona" !  LOL
1:37 is that a dig at Donut? Bc thats exactly what they did 😂
This is A really cool idea for a video
Awesome video
💀💀💀🌹💣👊
I didn't know Caillou was allowed in the front seat.
Finally I’ve been waiting on this
last time i was this early i was closing up a loose end with my ex
You're watching Throttel Hose. To relate the video, I currently own a GT350 which I'll be selling to get a manual Zupra (better daily and a little cheaper to run, plus mods). Looked at the Z for a second but the Zupra seems better in pretty much every way. I also got the Zupra at MSRP which shocked me.
James son looks quite a bit like him!
Embargo lifted i see
When in doubt flat it out
Did James just do a Terence and Philip reference when he "switched" owners? Buddy - guy
I think owner 1 might need a visit by the police.......porn stache with a baby in the car?
Hell yea nissan z on my fav car channel
The z is cool, but I'll take the camaro at that price point.
Is no one else tripping on how many reviews there are on the new Z but they don’t even sell the thing
I was waiting for this
I believe a Camaro SS 1LE can be had for 50 and that is the best sports car you can buy for that price
Hey hey I was first
Minila
I thought for a second Vsauce will start to explain "time" after... "or is it?"
James it's a Z not a Zeee!!
Haha I’ve been waiting for this. I can’t wait to see y’all review the Corolla GR. Lmao Thomas as 3rd owner description 😂  You guys are the first to mention the 2nd gear grind so that will be interesting to see.
Where is the funny throttle house intro?
This car is a great blend of forward thinking as well as heritage, at a competitive price point. On my radar for sure.
Iconic piece of Japanese machinery
I was SO expecting a hearty dose of ZED
bring back your brother fitting in cars. as a 6'6" giant really helpful
Awesome Nissan !!
Do like that car
Fifth
Was just wondering when you guys were gonna get this, nice video great way to start the morning!
Yes 10th
Nice
You guys are awesome...Keep up the amazing work and reviews
Rare to be one of the first
2nd
Luv u
hi
The way these guys are making reviews is astonishing. Always keeps you at interest, is very informative and also tell you what you don’t always want to hear about a car. Keep up the good work guys we love you 👍 ( the humour though 😂 )
Yer
