Subscribe and check out these INSANE creations in the new Minecraft Snapshot!!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-DL6FTysO8  models used: companion cube: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/companion-cube-47502a51b211475b9750b04b4b1dffc4 crate:https://www.cgtrader.com/free-3d-models/exterior/street-exterior/crate-e05d3cd6-66fa-4962-aaa0-4b5260f19382 car: https://www.cgtrader.com/items/3988707/download-page rock: https://www.cgtrader.com/free-3d-models/plant/other/rocks-2ef7b0fe-9a5e-45dc-867b-9a2076d3fb0d bbb: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/super-mario-64-bob-omb-battlefield-78db994daec94d9fb46f322e71eaca00 mario: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/my-super-mario-64-mario-render-6321fb63e1584a9aada5a2602e74dd8a trunk: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/realistic-tree-trunk-with-stones-872c9353fd7a4777b10e2f1bc09765d6 minion: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/minion-267d2f7ca67e461bb081b8b56344f741 shell: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/charonia-tritonis-sea-shell-77d9fb5af6fa4526bfdd45c565044287 wall: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/stone-font-gothic-fountain-photo-scan-6c246468dab04fba84083556fd55df11 rhino: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/model-56a-southern-white-rhino-8e97b62a90f44ce19ea9e3fd421f55b4 colosseum: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/roman-colosseum-ruins-f3d0e81ba9c5419a95bc522610738286 eiffel: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/eiffel-tower-in-paris-france-7aa4aca8892a422fa1e5cc9c465a42bc arch: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/tapp-street-arch-812a46dc08974d5aa3eac8cd95fe5bb4
4:41 video and context: Minecraft Whatever the heck that image was: Roblox
it looks like gmod or half-life
1:51  guhh what the hell is that😂
alright now add minecraft to real life
Nail polish, just a moment, are you gay?
Please make the Eiffel tiny as green stained glass and use it for your intros too
1:00 FERRARI F40 MY FAVOURITE🐎🇮🇹
okay, now make super mario 64 in minecraft, fully working
Jos
Meow
Data pack
i want your Minecraft skin to use
the home depot create should of been a composter
That’s soooooooooo cool!
Recreio o mapa do CS 1.6 no Minecraft
How the Minecraft movie should’ve been made😂:
"I Made Minecraft Realistic"❌ " I Made Minecraft Realistic and Accidentally Committed A Few Sins"✅
Still more polygons than subs 😢
"I did it in vanilla minecraft" "First I downloaded this mod"
Massive rock? MASSIVE CO (oh wait sry)
Heheheuueu uu
Your poor pc
so thats how those minecraft brainrot slop videos are made
2 years more polygons then subs
Uu
Aaaaahhhhhh  I’m Mario 6:46
mewo :D i found it
noob
i found a sideways slab
Dá para fazer melhor dá para você criar datapack com o resource pack que traz esses blocos mas você não ia precisar substituir os blocos do Minecraft
Hi im a new sub and you are sooooo cute
if this comment gets 1k likes and 100 replies mysticat HAS TO BUY THE ROMAN COLLOUSEUM
this is very cool you got yourself a sub!👍
8:15
What the 1:51
How to do?
Oh 0:57
Dude your using ubuntu
So many polygons So little time. Don’t you agree?
MEWO
3:50 smort ?  Is not smart
dont worry i am illiterate too
6:53 THE UFFFFF BROKE ME
I can not see on your inventore😢
😅did ro said sexy
that crash my pc
7:55  I have a feeling he was thinking: "Wait, did it not work-" *_*Gasps_** "OH MY GAWW-"
4:42 roblox :O
5:06 something smells weird killed me😂😂😂😂
IT looks like one of those fake Kid videos
It's been 2years and still not 2m subscribe the polygons still stay the winner
are you a real cat????
mewo
Bro my brain is hurting about your flipping complex talking
3:27 it looks like that one map in gtag, maybe they use this model
6:46 :D
5:42 gay
I love mystical I watched this like 5 times it’s so addicting
YES NOW I CAN USE REALISTIC FLAGS FOR MY NATION IN A MINECRAFT SERVER IM PREPARING FOR MY FRIENDS
Mysticat: No mods Server-Side Mods: We are mods Client-Side Mods which technically don't count as mods:
2:52 there's a game for that, you can go to certain places and they strap you in, and you get to work with a group to stack those crates, and get the person strapped in, as high as possible.
Secret mewo
mewo :3
6:53 OMMTH
At first i thought this was a irl mineceaft video
What if you 3d scanned the entire world and put It into Minecraft
1:51 what the helllllllllllllll 😱😱😱😱😱😱
Gd cube 1:45
:)
Your character is so cute and awesome
The companion cube from portal!? What? 1:23
hello
Wsg
Hey man, ive been using blender since the early 2000s, and really enjoy your content. If there is anything you ever want done @ me and I'll do it for free.
Can you play roblox?
0:42 why am i on a computer screen
Minecraft animator? Bro this is 🔥
mewo
if your making less realistic models use blockbench instead of blender
Cool
1:56 is that supposed to be a car?
lesgo il mio leccapiselli preferito
I  m e w o
“Hey bud what are you doing?” “Downloading a tree stump and exploding my computer”
I litterly just foundation d you on YouTube and you are all ready my favorite youtuber❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Meek
mewo
Favourite part of this video:it’s the Eiffel Tiny
What if the cart was a cauldron so you can stand in it?
this new mine craft update is crazy
mewo
More Subcribers!
6:50 that impression was spot on
And then the very good builders are now angry at you…
MYSTICAT DID THAT BUT 30x BETTER 2 YEARS AGO
This is what mad scientists actually sound like.
Mewo
Oh boy that is too big 🥵🔥
Fuck it up 🆙
It would look better and more realistic with the shaders on. But it's still cool, tho. Thanks for making this video. I love it a lot.
And he said that he wasn't able to download a mod and he  downloaded a a mod if your confused he  downloaded a texture pack
He is lying because he has a book in the last slot
1:51 💀💀💀
What are you doing 1:51
Next do a tutorial.
mewo :3
dont check 0:20
Mewo
Laki.   🎉 Haha
1:37 Dance
********* ╔═╦╗╔╦╗╔═╦═╦╦╦╦╗╔═╗ ║╚╣║║║╚╣╚╣╔╣╔╣║╚╣═╣  ╠╗║╚╝║║╠╗║╚╣║║║║║═╣ ╚═╩══╩═╩═╩═╩╝╚╩═╩═╝ ╔═╦╗╔╦╗╔═╦═╦╦╦╦╗╔═╗ ║╚╣║║║╚╣╚╣╔╣╔╣║╚╣═╣  ╠╗║╚╝║║╠╗║╚╣║║║║║═╣ ╚═╩══╩═╩═╩═╩╝╚╩═╩═╝
Zelda music!!!
ds in the thumbnail?
Anyone think he walks on the computer to play minecraft?
Imagine realistic earthmover from ultrakill in minecraft
Realistic MineCraft Before GTA 6 WHAT!!!
Tutorial?
3:06 that one’s free!?
6:46 sz6vu
This is the 4100 commnet, do i typed right?
11:05    HOH CANADA
Hiiii
Mewo
Mewo
С чего я удивиться должен был с того что теперь майн выглядит как халф лайф 1?
the quality is crazy
How do you get shading on inside corners of blocks?
you sound like a Twink lol
"OOOHHH MY PCCCCCC"
Mewo I found ur mewo mysticat  hehehe
Oh I thought you meant moderators, not modifications..
corn ball
this guy is def autistic
Mewo
TUT pls 🎉😮
*Meow* :3
Can you do Gaussian splats in Minecraft?
actually, you are using model and texture taht are not in the game, which, is considered modding even if you dont midify the file of the game, but , not surprising from a dumbarican influrencer..... most useless people on earth, mf dumbarican
the decimate function looking at him while he did allat
uhh sorry but using a texture pack is a mod, just a natively supported mod. That'd be like modding bone works with the in game mod browser and saying its not modded XD
Rip the PC
I already know this is falling into the wrong hands😭
I love your wallet
Marry me
shader in here would be so great
As a kid I always believed Minecraft would keep updating for at least a few hundred years, in which it will eventually become a blocky, pixelated mirror of the real world. As a Brit, I was upset the forests in Minecraft weren’t as beautiful as the ones in my country, so I just assumed one day they would look the same.
Yooo nice!!!!!
its my first time see your Vidio but you need to drink dude
Uuuuhhh HELP... I'm getting a dejà vú feeling from this Video. But I also have the time before this time and i'm pretty sure I left a comment HEEEEEELP
i want you
The creature,,,
mods you should use:serp pokedrock!
my player looks the same as mysticat!
3:29 why did this make me uncomfortable
Mewo
A young Shaggy plays Minecraft.
Saying this is Vanilla MC is a bit of a stretch.
Are you a furry / therian I really want to know
For the sm64 map just make one MASSIVE texture with all the textures on Photoshop and objmc might have worked
I like your channel
thats cool and good
How to do this
Mewo lol
2:47 Stereo Madness?
bro I still didn't believe it till 0:45
Do you believe me y- yes. it looks terrible 😭
I suscrimed
9:43 1 Year Ago And Its Still True. More Polygons Then Subs
4:51 it works almost exactly like *ad* locking your price with the virgin media playhouse 😂
Me:damn minecraft spawned me at my house *even tho the intro is like I'm waking up*
1:51 🤨
3:06 yk what else is massive?
Make a peeing mod for Minecraft
5:42 🧐
what link
4:11 hii i use blender for roblox gfxs alot so the reason there is no texture is you're on the non-texture view. In the top righth corner the 4 circles, youre on the 2nd one. go to the 3rd on and textures will appear (note: this is just when viewing in blender, when u export it etc the thing will look all textured no matter what ur on)
How can I get the recource pack?
are you gay?
10:46
I found YouTube in comments
mewo
This the channel I most watch😊
Is there any free app u suggest for mobile iOS for python coding? Pls I wanna start coding games
Why didnt you make the baskets cauldrons
A gay
Are you gay?
2:41
Hello
You said no mods!!!!!!!!!!!!!
7:50 right there! thyre righ tthere!
4:55 REAL! happens every time i bake! relatable car :3
mewo (those who know)
2:23 turned me on
I love what you do with your captions
Why is u cursor Mario????😂😂😂😂😂😂
Mewo
WHAT ARE YOU GAY?
Shoutout to PowerPalette
I dare you to make Jurassic park orb the model resource packs
9:01 you know what else massive ..........  THE LOW TAPER FAID
Are you freaky or something? 1:52
I like your cursor :)
Are you a girl or a boy? Mewo
mewo
This is so cursed. Good job! ❤
9:00 you know what else is massive?
Hey, I wish Minecraft had a mod section on the main menu just like fallout four on Xbox and other platforms
1:21  NO WAY IS THAT COMPANION CUBE OMG IVE GOT A T-SHIRT OF COMPANION CUBE ON RN! I NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED ITTTTTTTTTTT
3:38 and you know want else is massive THE LOOOOOOOOW TAPER FADE 😏😏😏
9:00 you know what else is massive….
Make a minecart that looks like that Home Depo crate
9:00  you know what else is massive.
Uhh @mysticat your computer ok?
mewo
This is best  Video ever
**Unce unce unce unce**
Hi Mysti, do you know how to add this to modding the game?
mental issues...
How did you find the companion cube
Nevergonnagiveyouupneverletyoudown
3:37 massive ????
mewo
W @YouTube
3:36 MASSIVE?
Real
Your videos are really funny and I like it
You tube commented?!???!!!!??
literally making mario 64 in minecraft with a single playable mario 64 mod would be a good video idea
Its the Eiffel Tiny!
3:37 you know what else is massive low taper fade
Yu mace de best videos❤❤❤❤
Hello  I am in the basket let me out :[ LOL
2:38 "im shopping><"
W COMPANION CUBE😎😎😎😎 1:44
11:05 oh CANADA
you should make a piston door with the home depot crates
0:01 no its live gameplay
this guy sounds like Jimbo from Simpsons 🤷‍♂️
M-M-M MASSIVE ROCK  MODEL???
😁coooool
Mimecraft is slowly becoming its own game engine
Good job!
Na bros so good even YouTube commented lol
mewo
9:10 and you know what else is massive?
2:50 if you make it a composter not a glass pane you could be in the basket
Can you teach us how to do that? I really wanted to see that
Is this a geometry dash cube? 1:43
Oh no his rainbow evelution wallet 5:40
6:16 mysti "lets se if we can get a better resolution" Me, watching on 144p "yeah"
Blender use and Minecraft player here, I love this. Subscribed for your boldness!
1.51 💀
No offense but did you combine genders for urself ?
Mewo :3)
Nah I’m tripping HOW IS UR COMPUTER OK? 😮😮😮😅😅😅 nice vid!! ❤❤❤
Hey youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
If we Download the crate then that would also be illegal
00:01 thats the rick roll tunnel
mewo
you sould make the basket a hopper so you could go in it!
I LOVE YOUR WALLET (like it looks awesome)
6:53 *errape* OOOOF
3:36 and you know what else is massive?
You should have just make the bins which pot
Man, imagine playing an adventure map, and then getting droped into real life all of a sudden.
It made me pain every time he used something of paid when there was better free alternatives for everything
importing the city of LA in Minecraft
9.11 Ma-m-massive
deep voice mysticat surprised me yet I don't mind it.
(≡∘▫∘≡)
8:36 its the Eiffel Tiny! :D
What 😦😦 is real
2:55 it would’ve been even funnier to use a cauldron, because you can get inside them.
why are people putting me in a blender 😭😭😭
why did Godlander hit me with a hammer ):
You should try to input a realistic chair and you can sit on it
How is your computer
That’s SOOOOO cool! I wonder what’s the MOST polygons you could put in Minecraft?
MEWO I found it
Mysticat is the definition of ‘:3’
It is mods
Mewo
Hi I am cat too zoro
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩 🏿🟩🟩🏿🟩🟩🟩🟩 🏾🏿🟩🏾🏿🟩🟩🏿 🏽🏽🏾🏼🏽🏾🏿🟩 🏾🏿🏾🏽🏾🏼🏽🏾 🏽🏽🏾🏾🏾🏾🏼🏽 🏼🏽🏾🏽🏾🏿🏾🏾 🏾🏿🏽🏾🏾🏽🏾🏿
mewo
furry ah
1:51
3:36 You know what else is massive?
Is no one talking about the circular pool 7:08
Mewo
mewo
Ik this isn’t funny but. Massive?
Looks like Half Life beta version wth😭
7:50 - The excitement of this video might have caused a voice crack 😅
You should make it into a mod so everyone can have realistic shapes per block and texture
I just have to say I’m not surprised you did it with no mods after all you already mysticat
(≡^∇^≡)(☆▽☆)(⁄ ⁄•⁄ω⁄•⁄ ⁄)⁄
<cut>mbxg
I knew u were homosexual
Mario is best :S :D
5:25 oh I thought texture baking was putting texture in d oven😂😂😂😂😂
Looked like half life 2 on intro for a sec
*GASP*! CANADA!
Put Subtitles (the cc button up the top) At 1:37
Whaaaaat!!! 1:52
The Blender add-ons Material Combiner and CATS are free btw!!
Put on subtitles at this time 1:38
Mewo
Am too much a mario fan 😂
Think you can make the mario 64 player as a texture pack for bedrock it would be so cool
CANADA!
FYdgjfsfgjdhtedjgfuryue yrdjyf.   IGfshgfduyt
1:40 Geometry Dash!
1:44  gd refenrance letss gooooooooo
5:41 ew
Can i get the mod?
Who knows youtube commented on this video (the one youtube its real!!!!)
tony hawk proskater in minecraft when
Mewo :}
11:06 is that really canada? Heart for yes and no heart for no
Hi mysticat  I like your vid
YouTube can you please give me viewers and likes and stuff please I’m trying so hard 😢to
I love the fact that you quite literally turn into a cat sometimes. Peak comedy.
are u gay
$400 for a 3D model is NFT levels of scam.
1:04 "Python..." Okay. Makes Sense "...Pillow..." Wait, what? "...a picture of a funny cowboy..." Okay, hol'up...
0:00 I don't believe you. 0:03 Nope. I still don't believe you. 0:06 _WHAT?!?!?!?_
Ples make minecraft into car XD
какого хрена??
what does that mean
Jesus Christ died for our sins, including yours. no matter how heavy your sins are you can still 100% be forgiven, comment if you would like to know how to get saved.
Video idea: I put Mario 64 in Minecraft
Oh no my phone is destroyed t Watching this video 😭😭💀
if this worked in bedrock this would be fire with teh built in ray tracing
Give the man a paperclip and a rubber and he'll make a nuke
*Bedrock struggling to modify anything in the game*  Java devs on a tuesday afternoon:
5:42 are you gayy?
oh my p ccc-cCCCC---CCC-CCCCccccc-cc-ccCCC-cc-CC-C_C-c
0:54 🟦🟦           🟨🟨
mewo
Mewo >:)
Make. 4d. Minecraft
you should have made the home depot crate a couldron lol
Mewo:3
Missed Opportunity To Have Youtubers Play In Bomb-Omb Field
I want to see you make your own model and import it.
Are you a furry?
Yo 1:52  is that
Yo what’saa
Wait your gay
R u a femboy if yes me too
Guys this is NOT minecraft
2:35  u should’ve made them cauldron becuz I think u can go in cauldron, but I forgoor
What the heck 🤨
Ooh!! Cool stuff and cool model
1:07 bruh wat is that
i’ve always wanted to purchase a Mysticat©️ in my Home Depot Basket™️©️!!
mewo
6:49 IM THE FUNNY MAN! - yahOO - YIPPEE  - WRRAAAWF
hello cat 👋🙂
My brain is broken
i cannot tell if the comments here are confused, i’m at the wrong video, or half of the people here transphobic
4:05 look at the suggested 3d model
(=>—<=)
1:52 ayo
@mysticat IMPORT AN WHOLE ENTIRE MINECRAFT MOVIE MAP
you are the best you are so nice and funny
how u made the emoji
that cowboy part was hella weird
Cute🤗
U said no mods 😡
I'm here for you 👍🐈
Ohhh my pcÆ Ææææ
Wow
no offence but you sound like ur going through puberty
I think youtube commented
you belive me? nah you belive me now? nah you belive me now? wft duude
I went outside ❌ I made outside in minecraft ✅
lol u have 1.75M sub
mewo
0:42 fire
Couldn't u just use retro64 mod to do the smerio model?
Of course he chose something that free like that rock😂❤ 3:17
No way
minecraft  needs to add dinosaurs with no mods
AWHHHH 2:23
I meant super maroi sexy4 😂
0:01 Why does it remind me of csgo over pass
French
6:46 ruby scream
Could you make Minecraft in Minecraft  in minecraft
huh
Get rid of the last word of the title lol
mysticat? LIKE THE SKYLANDER?
YOUTUBE COMMENTED?!
what if i told you the same place at the start is next to my uncles house
7:07 Mario 64
mysti if you want to download a model with the textures already applied, download the glb versions
*911 whats ur emergency?*  Help! Mah comuter catched fire! I JUST WANTED TO IMPORT REALISTIC TO MINECRAFE5
This page is a different type of model... 1:51
iam sub to gay and fury☠☠
1:37 vibing mysticats😺😺😺😺
How do you import the models? Can you create a tutorial, I really want to try what you did.
Furry! :3
did you maye this
Mewo
How to destroy a cpu 1. Become Mysticat 2. Congrats
but objectmc is a mod
Pls do a plane or rollercoaster  Plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz_zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. Pls🥺
4:47 texture baking sounds familliar
YouTube 😍
mewo
Ok old mysticat was better
Sqiuddo I mean mystacat 👉👈
mewo
0:01 I don’t cuz that wasn’t a screenshot
Puss på
@YouTube oh my god hehehehe hi hi hello hello. Hey @YouTube I really like YouTube you know. Hehehehe  Byeeee
mewo
mewo
Hello
Well
that random Mitsuri photo
1:10 I can relate to this too much
It's crazy madness.
no mods! (proceeds to mod the game)
You could make the crate a composter so you could get in it
Teh Eiffel Tiny
Pls I'm sorry it are u gay?
In 8:46 there was a screaming cat
Lol I'm in canada
Mewo :3
Who thought that they could make this             Jk
est tu furro?
2:28 your a cat sitting in the crate
Hi mysticat I love ur stickers that u use in ur comments, I think my 3 kittens would really like u… cause u know.. ur technically a cat
🤔
😮😮
MINECRAFT!!!
Just making sure that I could comment again
まさかのカタカナが使われている
8:25 i dont think thats pink staind glass
Memo
MYSTICAT!
You don’t know how to read mysticat
J
1:24 CAT PARTYY!!!
voic😂 crey
Minecraft may be a great game. But it was terribly coded. Every time I see something remotely non blocky or many models; I think it’s gonna crash
Meow:
Rhino❤❤❤
9:36 lol
6:10 Yoo!
1:50 xD
1:35 You just made a sphere in vanilla Minecraft...  The old video is obsolete
10:08 we caught you eating bunny noodles!
Texture baking is pain, the colors will be so bad with the lighting  Imagine they had animation to the models(There’s probably a way to do it)
I downloaded a mod with no mods
wait that is not a screenshot, thats a video!
It’s the Eiffel tiny 🤣
mewo
Meow
Did he just search up nudels 1:51
Mewo he he
i want to say this not being nerdy that cube on the manican was a portal 2 or 1  cube from the game on this thing called steam hope you know now
YouTube me la pela😢😢
mewo
10:01
10:01
If you want to import huge textures even bigger than the street, use sodium, sodium extra, and nvidium (if you have an nvidia gpu) for better fps
Symbol of realism according to mysticat: cat
8:09 @romanek159_superplay4 the music is from A Hat in Time as the bonus music called "Peace and Tranquility"
🕊️🔵 now ❌
models❌                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  3d models✅
Fun Fact: there is a mod that replaces Steve with Mario (N64)
YouTube??? HUH I CANT BELEIEVE THIS!
What is vanilla minecraft?
😦
Mewo
Rock
Love how mysticat doesn't have that obnoxiously fast and loud editing style most minecraft youtubers has nowadays + cute + very detailed minecraft skin! (not just one of those unicolored blobs)
5:42 are you support lgptq
Can you make a working computer with command blocks
0:59 f40
YOOO SUPER MARIO 64 its a me Mario 0:19
Father? 0:42
Smort
6:48 LOOK AT ME GOOO IM DA FINNY MAN YAHHOOO YIPPIIIIIIII OMPHHHHH - mistycat 2022
Are you sure your pc broke
mewo :>
6:41
Geting a lawsuit with this one 🗣🗣🗣
mewo
Mysticat in 2070: I made unity in Minecraft
I
I need to try this
0:08 ho
Mewo:3
ngl i punch a real life tree with my fist
1:14 i can be a friend:3
1:50 LOL
mewo
DUDE I HAVE THE SAME WALLET!
Effie tiny 😊😊😊😊😊 8:36
OOOOOOOMMMMMPPPPOHHHJHHHHHHHH
4:48 average polygon doughnut Thumbnail
Pls make a square in minecraft with no mods
10:01 I predicted the future of this video 😂 I was thinking of that song
1:37 make a 10 hour version of this song
( 1:17 CANT READ? ) *MAKING CIRCLES  IN MC AND 2D MINECRAFT?*
gay
Mewo
Nice wallet😮
WTF
Yahoo! Yippee! OMPH
The tree stump is so realistif that it even shows how short mysticat is IRL
I like your mouse me like super Mario :3
1:48 ayo
YouTube??????!?!!!!!?!!?!?!???????!!?!???!??!?!!?!!???!?!??!???!?!?????
We got YouTube saying W before GTA 6 🗣️🔥
mewo
I have no subs😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
Hi im new but i want to tell you watch Blender guru to know to make realistic model in blender  Not epik edit: aw dang it
😮 6:53
That’s a GD cube 1:40
1:43 gd reference
Love this video
"IM GONNA IMPORT THE ROMAN COLLO- nvm too expensive" "IM GONNA IMPORT THE EIFFEL TOWER"
Gosh I love you, are you a magician?
bu bence mod yani mod yapmaktan daha çok uğraşıyorsun en azından
You talk funny
Hi
ARE YOU A GIRL OR A BOY  🗿🗿🗿
doz it make your pc explode
Mewo
I think you can make a WORKING  MARIO 64 MAP with goombas koopas bombs stars, I think
controversial but i think 3rd party software coutns as mods
If you are giving this out or something like this can you put a tag so that people can get it like me
ahuet
I hate this guy
you now have 1M and 69 (oohhhhhhh!) hundred thousand subs! 🍆
mewo
I came to watch the computer crash. But there's no computer crash.
Hey youtube hey youtube hey youtube
Hey youtube i
that pink stained glass is from geometry dash
1:14 Minecraft circle?
:}
:3
1:51 xd models
Wait i have a sick idea, what if u download the retro64 mod like the mario mod and then put barriers on 64 map like (hard to explain) but then it would not studder and u could be mario
“This is a Minecraft Screenshot, don’t believe me?” Yeah I don’t believe you because it’s a video not a screenshot.
MEWO
You look like a gay person but im not mean its just look like it  But your cool and thats fine bc thats who you are 👍
here at 1.69M subscribers. Sorry, mysticat, i cant sub and ruin that
Welcome back quake model support!
I thought it was clickbate, The first person who made Minecraft realistic but not clickbating
6:37 thats What she seed
If minecraft was made by valve
now drop google 3d maps into minecraft
YouTube?????????
You have quite a funny and cute way to design your videos
1:14😂.
You should have made the crate into a compost bin and you could have sat in it as a block
0:08 no bc its not a screenshot
wrong send
omg
Mama loadan moko please 100 lang
Yeah, I remember seeing people do this before, which I wish I knew how for a long time.
Wtf
YT
* ᴵ ᵗʰⁱⁿᵏ ᵗʰⁱˢ ʲᵘˢᵗ ⁱⁿᵗʳᵒᵈᵘᶜᵉᵈ ᵃ ⁿᵉʷ ᵍᵉⁿᵉʳᵃᵗⁱᵒⁿ ᵒᶠ ᵐⁱⁿᵉᶜʳᵃᶠᵗ ᵗᵉˣᵗᵘʳᵉ ᶜᵒⁿᵗᵉⁿᵗ ᵗʰᵃᵗ ʷⁱˡˡ ᶜʰᵃⁿᵍᵉ ᵗʰᵉ ᵍᵃᵐᵉ ᶠᵒʳᵉᵛᵉʳ ʷⁱᵗʰⁱⁿ ᵗʰᵉ ⁿᵉˣᵗ ᶠᵉʷ ʸᵉᵃʳˢ.
Make it mario 64 3:59
Rock (chain)
Spread the word of god and love him as He loves you ❤❤
2:16 I am extremely sorry, but...    that's what she said...      I'm not happy about it, but the opportunity was there...
5:55 me too
The Eiffel Tower $5 what the heck
how do i get the cube from portal?
We got realistic minecraft before gta 6 🗿
tutorial video please?
5:42 dude. best wallet ever
bros soon becoming a furry
h
1:37
U are cute
I love u 💓 💗 💛
That's the cute from bodies.Basics it's like a weird laboratory mod Mod
What 1:51
TALK CALMLY
Make jormungandr in Minecraft 3d pls😢
you should’ve made the BJ’s thing a Minecraft cartso you could ride in it
1:37 CUTEEE
mysticat im subed
this is so cool :0
15 fps is an average for me without any mods or texture packs😭
Soundin like shaggy sometimes 😂 but crazy video! Love it
Make Train model plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
😒 this one Minecraft 😡🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬😡😡😡😠😠😠😠😡😡😠😠😠😠😠😡😠😠😠😠😡😡😡 NO MODS FOR MINECRAFT but they don't want to know what is happening
Wait, you lgtv? (No hate)
I love you mysticat
Lol As soon as he said "I'm so exited for this" a ad came on when he pressed it
🫣🫣🫣
(If this is offensive, sorry) Misty, are you a... fůrrƴ? Not saying that it's bad to be one as I am one myself 🐾 :3
Give me a box now>:(
Halo
r u furry
but you did use mods lol what
How do you do this
the thumbdail got me thinking: No mods?! Oh yeah, no mods, just a greenscreen
1:45 Isnt it a cube from geometry dash
mewo
nice, now import google earth on cm resolution
Are you gay
that is AMAZING
Your voice is so cute fr
Super Mario 64!!!!! 0:19!!!!
mewo
1:46  I understand why that was the most replayed part of the video.
You can see that she was searching for the roblox explosion sound effect.
Damn to realistic
Cooloo
guy is about to be sued by Nintendo in 3 2 1...
people could do this multiple years ago in minecraft bedrock
HELO
are you an male or a girl
why didnt u make the basket the cauldren texture instead of white stained glass, cause then u could have gone inside it
You are adorable
Yes this is great👍 0:21
meow
"no mod"... but isn't modyfing file of a game modding ? 🤨
gulp 1:17
YOUR FURRY!
MEWO
Portal earned you a like and a sub
9k
Cool😉
Bro was not feeling the coloseum
This guy was ahead of sora lmao
Unrecorded type shii
Brain broken Minecraft phonetic: wow this is so cool with no mods how do I do it!  Anyone that knows anything about modding: aren’t models mods hence the name
6:50 i seriously thought itd be a normal mod video..  OH WAIT, ITS MYSTICAT
1:37 Unce Unce Unce Unce
how did you even do it? I downloaded everything but nothing is happening
You should recreate Sonic r in this
WHY is your arow a mario
I like your wallet! Can i have it? Not the contents just the wallet
Let’s change this shit and give him 2 mil
ᎻᎥ!
mewo
P😊p
Oihbasdviohbqdvsiohbqwvdoihbsqdvoiybihoc saobAka
A
A
A
Q
Q
a
A
Q
Q
😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊.
.
P
0:55 I think that’s a IKEA crate
What is that tool?
Mewo
yo i know this probs will never be answered but im about to start my minecraft gameplay vids have you got any tips to make it fun????
Wait do you support LGBTQ????
Woah
4:41 but you're a cat
if you cant read im 9 and i can
You tried too make the mission impossible music
6:53 OOMPH 😂😂😂😂
I love cats❤❤❤❤
I found out ur a girl😂😂😂😂
mewo
Canadas where i live and he said Canada as the end woooo!
🧿
Mysticat Cpu is AMD Ryzen 7 2700X 8 Core Processor and the GPU is NVIDIA GeForce RTX2070 SUPER.    (Useless information)
Nice
Its X not Twitter ahhhhhhhhhhh
there is a free texture baking addon in blender
Your a genius.
OOPS
mewo (/srs)
Im not a heater but are you a furrey
do a half block
I am the lorax and i speak for the trees,and for some reason they're speaking Vietnamese.
Minecraft tubers will do anything to avoid going outside /j
If Minecraft did a Fortnite and got rid of what made it unique
OKAY but can you combine this tool with the block display entity feature?
you can texture bake without the plugins fam, its as simple as pressing the button that says bake, however i can fully understand why you chose the direction you did. if needed i can link a tutorial on how to do so, if you feel like you would like to figure it out yourself just type in youtube " how to bake texures in blender"
This is crazy ngl
I made it silly - I added "Hobby Horsing" to Minecraft - just saying :D love your content!
mewo
add shaders
5:42 Unrelated, but I have the exact same wallet :3
By
9:30 bro you can't get polygon subs
W super Mario 64 idea
d oyou support Gay pride
aa
Why Is your wallet have LGBTQ Flag?  I'm serius asking now...
3:43 it’s not a boulder…. It’s a rock!
Meow :3
i love your gay eeveelution wallet
Someone should make mysticat stuck in a home depot box an ongoing meme
When your a 3d modeler and you're addicted to minecraft:
I believe Minecraft custom maps and official servers might have changed forever...
Как. КАК!
No mods saying then adding creating mods himself. lol
At this point minecraft is an engine
Okay but why did I just realize how adorable mysticat is 😭
AYO 4K BRO YOU WALL PICKYURE
I absolutely love the subtitles hah
and that tree stump is standing somewhere in the world in IRL
Omg I love your wallet :3
11:01 you sound a lot like sonic lol
Really stretching the definition of "vanilla"
dont delete me plz
1:50 Caught in 8K Ultra HD
I hate to nitpick on things i know nothing about, but that milk crate model needs to reach the height limit so they stack as satisfyingly as they do irl
6:53 got me laughing. It was so unexpected and perfectly timed 😂
Hi misticat! I'm a intermediate blender modeler and I could make some simple models for you if you do another video like this :)
chez burger:)
If you want to keep the polygon count high, (to preserve detail) why don’t you try splitting the model into multiple blocks
Import rust from mw2 to Minecraft
This is the one channel. The only and single channel that's ever used the sound of train and in the left ear of all places. The exact ear that I would hear a train sound out of because that's where the trains are. Right next to my house to the left of my ear. I don't know if that's on your bucket list of people to confuse, but you got me. I hope you sleep well tonight knowing that you made me believe a train was passing through only for me to not feel the vibrations and get extremely confused and worried.
Mickey Mouse
No I don’t believe you one bit :|
mewo
i sounded like he said sexy four 3:56
I think I’m starting to favorite this Minecraft guy : D
Bro should do a shaggy impression, already super close lol
The F40 tops out at 197 mph. Not all that fast *but* the real appeal of the F40 is the handling. 6:17 I've seen worse from Mario 64 and the Real-Time Corruptor.
Da macaroni
this video game me so much adrenaline and it’s amaxong
the editing in this one is so good
Clickbait
MINECRAFT LOOKING LIKE UNREAL ENGINE 😭😭
2M TO 100K ????
Why is the tunnel $6.00!!!!????
Why is the tunnel $6.00!!!!????
It's really cool to see real looking things in minecraft, the downgrade 2m polygon to 10k is pretty well done too.
Next, 3D model the planet on a 1-1 scale
What is the music at 0:47
I love you anymatsion
mg you should have put da home depo box a composter, then you can STAND in it!!!
PLEASE SHOW ME HOW
Walk like you want it Walk like you want it baby Walk like you want it Walk like you want it baby😊
This is the evolution of horror maps in minecraft 😅♡
1:51 AYOOOOOO
"we have to get the home depot crate!"
Your PC is about to go 💥🔥
Wait, how do I get this?
5:43 ayoay🙋‍♀️
Add balls         |   ●●
Press 👇
Import 👇
Balls     | ●●
When u moreft in to Mario that roof was funny
Hello youtube
DA EIFEL TINY
Meow
Computer go boom
the last one was took in London outside Fairlop station 😅😅😅
now use it with shaders
😅🤣😂
so cool!!!
the perfect meme dosent exi—  7:50:
clickbait. you didnt break your computer.
Future me, is it using maps?
1:52  What Are You Searching???
Now no one can say "This is a fake animation"😌😌😌
now i kinda wanna import my irl house into minecraft then go into vr minecraft and go around in the house
:]
Hey I know I am super late to this, but if you EVER need 3D models or texture baking for future projects please tell me lol I will do it for free.
ngi Great fire
rip the quality
This comment won’t get 10 likes
mewo
you need to touch grass
brrrrr skibidi dop dop dop yes yes skibid doply ni ni ughrvjfxkjvjgihbnhgjh r ,htrucg b gawbwiuh l mgr
My PC:  *intense fan noises*
why does mysticat sound like fundy???
I’m like 90% sure those tree stumps were for Skyrim
Well I'm glad I'm going to die when I'm in Minecraft 💀
gmod plus minecraft =
YOUTUBE!?
ur dad ur dad
5:30 why is there an anvil on the hill  *WHY IS THERE AN ANVIL ON THE HILL?*
Puedes hacer tus videos pero con doblaje al español por favor 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
6:45 accurate ghast scream
1:40 that isnt a companion cube thats a GEOMETRY DASH cube
Bro's Minecraft world is more realistic than the reality
the commentary is priceless
1:52 hmmmm
Ayo 🤨 1:51
are you a boy or girl
Every like this gets  I will do 100 push-ups😅😅😊
Hey mysticat can you update more please because we all want to see more from you
If you need a challenge try putting the birch caliph in minecraft bet me 1000$ if you can
Hard?
You should try finding a Thomas the nightmare engine model
SUPA MAYRIO 64!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Meow
TURN THE CRATE INTO A SHULKER!!!!!
Wow you have YouTube commenting! Wow
Mewo
YOUTUBE THO
umm actually its not called twitter its x
I was playing Minecraft while watching this and as soon as he said Twitter at the start a cave noise played😂
5:42 omg ive wanted that wallet for so long eevee is my faV ITS SO CUTE
My little pony 4:44
Mysticat what is the website??¿¿
I don’t know maaaaan, looks like mods to me 🙄
mewo
FURRY FURRY
*mewo*
mewo
ONE WORD TO SAY JUST WOW
Some day instead of making Minecraft realistic somebody's gonna make real life Minecraft
You turned minecraft into half life
Why is there so many undertale soundtracks
Hi everyone
i need help with the tool. it's saying permisson denied
Mystical is amazing. I love cats😊
Mewo
i thought it was gmod in 0:00
HOW DID YOU GET CIRCLES IN MINECRAFT
"*gasp* canada! ^-^"  - Mysticat 2023
U look like my cute cat
>:)
i feel like you could do a really good shaggy impression
"I made Minecraft realistic without mods"   Uses the most complex python code and models that installing mods can do much faster
Omg I wuv the wallet 😍
Subscarb
ha ha ha!
I can do it too! I just walk out my door, tbh it seems a little easier then what yo did
Minerest could do way more
mystikitten in a home depot crate cute
the ending where you go “Hoo CaNaDa!” made me laugh so hard
I do not respeck femboys or something like this
I AM HAMPTER
Hi
🥔
Canada mysticat 2022
Nice job! That deserves a like
mr beast lazers room
put basket model into Cauldron
Mysticat❤ Update: I have subscrkbbed
Yes
Why are you ga
🤔? YOU Furry? on&yes? ✋🗿👌
newo
6:50 YAHOOO YIPPPE   OUFGGG
5:42 Ayo whats that wall in the back
CANADA
Mama mia
mewo
mewo
i watched your video then i saw your wallet and realised your a furry goodbye
1:06 haha
*yea. He clearly cheated. It's impossible that you really put a 3d model in vanilla minecraft*
BAhaHA
dont feel lonely, cuz im here
Who  made the subtitles [cc]
10:14 sadly the only good way to reduce the poly count and maintain detail is to manually retopologize the model. It is hell and I yearn for the day AI can do it for us.
Can you make portal 1 in minecraft with these models
its not a screenshot tho? its a video recording lol
it's super fun to watch your videos, there are few times that someone manages to make me laugh and you've done it!!!! Thanks for making such funny videos ♥
i call dibs on a polygon
now import the donut blender in minecraft
Blud aint cat
𝕄𝕖𝕨𝕠 I saw your text. 🫠
🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟩🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟩🟩🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🟩🟩🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🟩🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟥🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟩🟩🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟥🟥🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🟩🟩🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟥🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟦🟦🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟥🟥🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟦🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟥🌫️🟨⬜⬜⬜🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨⬜⬜⬛🟨⬜⬜⬛🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟩🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛⬛⬛🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟩🟩🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🟥🟥🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟩🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🟥🟥🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟩🟩🟩🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟪🟪🟪🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟩🟩⬜⬜🟩🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟪🟪🟪🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🟥🟥🟥🟩🟩⬜🟩🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟪🟪🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟪🟪🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🟥🟥⬜⬜🟥🟩🟩🟩🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟪🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟪🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🟥🟥🟥⬜🟥🟩🟩🟩🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟪🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟪🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🟥🟥🟥🟥🟥🟩🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🟥🟥🟥🟥🟥🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🟥🟥🟥🚪🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🟩 🌫️🌫️🌫️🟥🌫️🚪🟦🟦🟦🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🟩 🌫️🌫️🌫️🚪🌫️🟦🟦⬜⬜🟦🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🚪🌫️🟦🟦🟦⬜🟦🌫️🌫️🟪🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟪🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🟥🟥🟥🚪🟥🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟥🟨🟨🟨🟥🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟥🟨🟨🟨🟥🟥 ⬜⬛⬜🚪⬜🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦⬜🟨🟨🟨⬛🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨⬜🟨🟨🟨⬛⬜ ⬛⬜⬛🚪⬛⬜🟦🟦🟦⬜⬛🟨🟨🟨⬜🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨⬛🟨🟨🟨⬜⬛ 🟥🟥🟥🚪🟥🟥🟥🟦🟥🟥🟥🟨🟨🟨🟥🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟥🟨🟨🟨🟥🟥 🌫️🌫️🌫️🚪🌫️🌫️🌫️🚪🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟪🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🟪🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🚪🌫️🌫️🌫️🚪🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🟪🟪🟪🟪🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🚪🚪🌫️🚪🚪🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🚪🌫️🚪🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🚪🚪🚪🟩🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🚪🚪🌫️🟩🟩🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🚪🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🚪🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟫🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟫🟫🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟫🟫🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟫🟫🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🟩🌫️🌫️🟫🟫🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟦 🌫️🟩🟩🌫️🟫🟫🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟦🟦 🌫️🌫️🟩🌫️🟫🟫🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟫🟫🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🟨🌫️🌫️🌫️🌫️ 🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦 🟦🟦🟦🟩🟩🟩🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟦🟥 🌌🌌🌌🟩🟩🟩🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🟪🟪🟪🌌🌌🟩🟩🟩🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🟥 🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🟥🟥🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🟩🟩🟩🌌🌌🌌🌌🌠🌠🌠🌌🌌🌌 🟥🟥🟥🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌌🌠🌠🌠🌌🌌🌌
9:32 as someone who makes 3D models in blender, seeing the model being pure orange with THAT MANY POLYGONS was almost physically painful. I think someone went a little too trigger happy with the subdivision modifier
6:51 the best thing in his life
Dude, you can’t claim that this is “without mods” when that’s exactly what you did, just the most manual and clunky way possible.
the maker if the app him self
You also have a mod that can import 3D models with collision including slopes. It is littletiles and the littletiles 3D importer. Idk if it can import huge models but you can give it a try
. . .
1:50 AYO WHAT THE-
.
mewo
Brb, on my way to import Rock005.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I love and at 0:39  is so funny i explosed
I love the nails😍
Cowboy 🤠
OK because I like the part before my computer classes and then like fire comes, it’s so funny😂
Command block king!! COMMANDER OF COMANDS!!
Youtube please add an option that can REMOVE SHORTS even if i search I DONT WANT TO SEE THEM!
Nevermind
He used mds!
Why not do a plane? [May be too big]
I remember this channel!!! So nice to see you in my life again
mewo
2:07 got me crazy good 😂  edit: 9:28 as well, lmao I'm subscribing because of your humor and crazy video as well, but mostly humor 😅
Wait is eevee? (*my brain: OH YES IS EEVEE*) 5:41
god your voice is annoying
ur so gay
Hey, i have an idea! Please, build FULLY CONTROLLABLE aircraft (such as, for example, F-22 "Raptor"). I wanna see, how you can make it and how it will go.
You are sus
What a nice rock, I love rock. 3:13  Also I like the wallet because I love eevee too much.
the a hat in time soundtrack <3
Yes, you are reached the The uncanny valley effect.
mysticat had too much fun with this
How you make at 11:10 the subscribe rainbow?
Noooo mods woòoow
Nice vid 👍👍👍
Can we are agree Mysticat is the best Minecraft youtuber ever? She's ✨AMAZING✨ (Sorry if I got your pronouns wrong, Mysticat)
Ifduoiyh
I have added polygons to show district borders in countries and its cool seeing the "laser lines", the polygon reduction and then it all working. It's exactly the same problems I faced ahaha
ccooool
Make a 3 5 or 10 illion special where you make a country
Mysticat is command king
holy crap is the a my little pony reference 4:44
Him: 64.          Me:sexy-
I watched until I saw his hand. Disgusting.
Bro why did his voice get so high???
W
minecraft isn't just a sandbox, its everything.
1:52  what’s  h be searchingng💀
1:52hahaeee🗿
I hate when people call this "vanilla". Vanilla is when the game gets absolutely no modifications, like when you bought it.
Are you a furry?
I know mysticat is not a mod guy but i want you to put a mod with the super mario 64 map you made but i forgot what the mod's name is i know its super mario 64 theme so that it makes it look like the real game!
-_-200000000000
W vid is great
mewo
Mewo
Make a tank
0:22 you mean X, right?
10:00  Mission impossible 8: Mysticat joins the imf
Able sisters in background???😂
If a cat sits, the cat sits ❤
Meow.
For some reason you edit like @Sketch
Epik
Porting Vice City to Minecraft looks cool bro
If you're making models in blender and importing them into the game... is that not a mod?
6:50 Yahoo! Yupe! *OOF!!*
Python is No Use
I Love Java Programming Language
if you don’t like this you are not a subscriber of mystical
Why is  mystical is a cat
CANADA D:
hear me out....   why not contact google earth and put the whole earth in minecraft
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERERRERRERERRERERRERRERERERRERERERRERERERRERERRERERRERERERERRERERERERRERERRERERERRERERRERERRERERREREREEEE NJNJ J K565 65 KKJN5N KK N NN DUKY Y UUK JMJMJ JY J JB BJ BGBNBKN BKN BNU BKN K,KU GKNU GINU  GMN JKCN. JKO CJKNO HJHU  J7CLO C LBNOO CLCOT7 TJOCJO7T7OCHOT7JOT7JOH CHJCFHTHTFHT HHKOTHIJOIJOIOOIIJOOIJOIJOIOOOOOOOOOXZX C.  B VHHBHMGYGYGYHUYBVVBG JKHVBR5BIRTIOR6FRRIL56R6BBRI5,5,M5M,LHBL ,,,,ILILYM56 ILM ,I56LM7OLTRTYRYGBRHYUIEY78HRTUHFUHYGFNUKGRHEUYER6TG4YEUR BDJHSFBDNVBBSDVDSJNBVDNBNDSNDBNA  H  H  H H  H H  H H  HH  H H  H H  H H  H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H  H H  H  H H HHHH  H H  H
Wow really cool but this got me thinking 🤔 could you import an entire city or like a large building?
NAH MAN, YOU GOT YOUTUBE COMMENTING??!!
I like the part when the rock became big
sorry for the grammar police here. 11:11, instead of ミステーキャット, I think it should be ミスティーキャット or ミスティキャット. Your welcome
If you're lonely why don't you just marry fundy
It’s not twitter it’s x now
I like obj mc
That was so cool ❤
Computer after they see realistic worlds in minecraft: BOOM
sheeeeeeesh
You should import Roblox into Minecraft
I'm shocked how this is in Minecraft
Fact: it's actually a map. Or you can make it real by coding it
BRO ARE U GAY?? 5:41
Are you supposed to be a furry?
Bro you could just flip it over and then stand on it do you even have a big brain
wait my little pony!!!
1:52 caught in 4k
ミステーキャット
do a cat massiv cat
I like this video :3
Also the video was great
YOUTUBE OMG
This is your butt🍑
I love you💖 😻😽🍔🍔🍉🍉🍑🍑
8:35 its the Eiffel tiny
6:18  LOL
日本語!
Upload more often!!!!!!!! Pls
fun fact: the guy who runs you youtube channel is a fan of mysticat
That's such a cute Fursona
Wow! I’m impressed that’s awesome!
5:41 my wallet........"GAY!"
His voice lol
Dumb😢😂❤
Live, love, Home Depot crate.
In blender left click the item then click smooth or go to modifiers and add a subdivide mudifier to make the circle smoother
imagine making the entire portal map with this thing it would be AWESOME😮
4:03 ignore the blood stains on the paintings
I love smurf cat 🩵💙🩵💙🩵💙🩵
Your voice is so cute to be honest 😭 it made me fell asleep fr
Ce metin 2 joci?
this hurts my brain
Hi, umm, what is the name of that font you used to type the word “Texture Baking”? I cant find out the name of that font
*Gasp* Canada!  *video ends*
when are we going to accept that resource packs ARE mods?
now give them accurate hitboxes
11:01  It sounds wrong, but it feels so right. 😏
😮unreal engine who?
I think theres 10000000000000000000000000 polygons in eiffel tower
Missed opportunity you shoulda made the Home Depot crate on the boat or minecart lol
0:55 what's the name of music? i just can't find it :(
We live, we love , we lie
"Unmodded, completely vanilla minecraft, except for these third party things I need to install and use in conjunction with minecraft to make it happen."
I just hitted my head
I, personally LOVE coding with python.
6:50 yahoo!! yippee!! ŐÕÖFFF
No mods just photoshop
Mewo
nice Wallat
I feel like that "no mods" is like saying you aren't playing on a PC, you're playing on an Xbox series s. Technically correct, but by all realistic concepts wrong.
please, if youtube recomends more minecraft ontent to me, i will die. I only like this one.
Mewo
what U R gay  5:41 ?
THAT MODEL HAS 2 MILLION POLYGONS AND I WOULDNT BE SURPRISED IF BANBAN STILL HAD A HIGHER POLY COUNT
It's cyan in case you care
Don't say Twitter, say X
But...femboys...
5:28 Baking textures is actually really easy if you know what you're doing. The main difficulty is getting good enough UVs to not waste a bunch of texture space, and figuring out what texture resolution to do that balances what your computer can handle, and being high-res enough to get all the necessary details in.   Then there's the time consuming part of waiting for it to bake.
HI (mewo)
decide if you want to talk like a man or like a fcking kid, it's goddamn annoying
Just found your content from this video amazing stuff!!
yes 0:40
Since it's vanilla minecraft...   In theory you can make a server and you wouldn't even require mods to play on it... Just a powerful computer....
Is... Is.. Is that a supraaaa  On 0:58
this voice -_-
what’s with the voice cracks and stuff is this what people sound like now?!
Ew you're gay?
lol canada
Bro I had pizza rolls in the oven that beeped at the same time and tone at the end of the video
someone needs to make a horror map using this
Dear mysticat   You’re scaring me
When i see a "no mods" on a thumbnail, yk, im a discord man 🙂
That fire adds a nice touch 0:41
you're so adorable! cute smart kitty!
completely unrelated but *is your throat okay?* i don't think i could get my voice to crack that much even if i tried to force it. remember to hydrate.
Is no one going to talk about how awesome her wallet is? 5:41
YOU getting an IDEA would scare ME? Hah no 😎
Mysterycar: 1 sriber SUSCRIMBE
POV: your my cat when I’m not home
“OOOO! WE HAVE TO GET THE HOME DEPOT CRATE” *home depot theme intensifies*
"but it's just a rock" that's right, rocko is just a rock
idk sounds ai generated
The reason there was no textures in blender was because you where in solid mode and not in texture mode  Edit: Texture baking is easy. It takes like 5 minutea to learn and 10-20 if you don't know anything
gay wallet
No                         The bowser puzzle is better
2:23 anybody want a free kitty?
last
1:51 what was bro lookin at🤔🤔🤔💀💀💀
He is just wasting his time. I just pressed the realistic mode button.
mewo
god bless
You sound like this 🤓 I say this in a respectful way👍
If i did all of that in my minecraft on my xbox it would explode 😅
Fundy may be tall, but he isnt the smartest furry, this is the most smartest  furry ive seen
Mojang hire this cat!
Youtube! Can you ban Ryan
"I made minecraft realistic" *Proceeds to add super mario 64 to minecraft*
0:04 😮😮
My pc will blow explode
Mewo
I want to do that
0:22 you mean "X"
Looks like the uk
Hi
the heart cube is like Kizuna AI VTuber gaming logo and why. is. the. end. ur. name. in. japanese?
Hahaha
Try making minecraft blocks realistic, for example a normal crafting table to a super realistic crafting table!
@mysticat i love your vidios
Mystical I subbed
You should have used it without data and data pack too.
Iove ❤❤ you vids!🎉❤😊
Mewo
O
HOME DEPOT
4:41 Oh my god, I recognize many of the artists based on the artstyles of the drawings.
Plz link the app to use to code and make 3d Models and link BlockBencher
O
cool man
Yt is active af these days
*2:23* that's cute.
I’m not going to explain
You like my little pony X sonic?
this is BIG JUMP for minecrft
Pretty sure that Tapp Street Arch was made by the euphorical brothers
why did you u paint ur nails like that are u a woman or gay?
Almost at 2million Mystic!
I did this on bedrock with Horion Client and everyone could see my skin, even people without the resource packs (i was a 3d toad )
Minecraft but you need to pay your water bill
Ngl i thought this was a goldsrc screenshot (half-life  and counter-strike  engine)
If you import stuff then its not vanilla lol
You got beaten by triangles
I'm convinced you're just traves but slightly smarter
Can't believe I'm watching a furry right now who sounds fake nervous and has a annoying voice
Gamers will do anything besides just actually going outside 😂
Joking😅😅😅
Oh 😱😱 YouTube I am
ha I have stel your channel
video
Google earth model enters the chat
"It all started with twitter" You mean X?
R u gay
Really cool video but I think if you had allowed more RAM to Minecraft you would have got much better performances. Because at 8:00 we can see at the top right corner that you have only 2gb of RAM allowed and thatbis absolutely not enough for high-quality models like that. And I think you could have run the a 1 million polygon model without crashing
This guy sounds like someone who loves to choke on dicks, I had no idea it is possible to sound like that  Amazing video though
lester started making videos on yt? all right then
That ie soooo go😮
Now u need make doom in minecraft in vanila minecraft 💀
Remember when people went absolutley nuts the first time they saw a circle in minecraft. I was one of those people lol
AWESOME VIDEO BRO PLS CAN I BE IN YOUR NEXT VIDEO PLS.I AM A SUPPORTER
car
WE ARE SO CLOSE TO 2,000,000 SUBS
Next step: GTA V in minecraft.
i was like aight a nice youtuber, then isaw the wallet and was about to commit a war crime...
Wahoo
So... Thats how they make the Sonic game in minecraft
Half life graphics
Technically believing it wasnt a screenshot is accurate because it was a recording
Wow the glass is a geometry dash icon
Fire computer 0:41
I did this on my computer and my pc is smokin rn
what an adorable human being... I mean cat!
im very certain that this cat is secretly a femboy. judge me all you want. but my point stands
Make a magic minecraft mod
Can anyone tell me what's the name of the song in the background at 3:46 - 3:54? Trying to find it but unsucessfully.
I was watching the mario part, and then a mario ad came on, lol 😅.
Хреновый кошелёк
Im gonna  import ro- ouh that's pricey yea thats better
E
this is why minecraft java is better at customization and mods, you wouldnt see this in bedrock!
Gay wallet. I like :> 5:42
My dad works at home Depot
Are we not gona talk about. " that's more than my subscriber.. For now "  than he shows (1 sriber ) 😅🤣🤣❤  that got me dead
Ur fursona is a cutie
Hi I like furry's like you no else like furrys
mewo
2:14 Maybe.
I suggest you change the name to ミスティキャット instead of ミステーキャット because it's more reasonable in terms of language
7:51
why tf u wearing nail polish as a man? are you a man even?
I unsubed after i saw the green nails
1:13
YO GUYS WE NEEDA get him a baller computer, that’s too old for such a cool YouTube as him
Why didn't you do it in superflat
Oh no.... 5:42
Cool!
I knew how crazy it would be as soon as I heard Godlander’s name. He is insane.
I just realised that I have been in that tunnel in real life lol
WOW!!! the results are amazing
By the way he did not do this in Java edition this was done in bedrock edition which is designed to handle full-on 3D model imports and has a LOD system similar to unreal engine nanite you cannot do this in Java edition only in bedrock edition.
naw bro did that i chocolate Minecraft
*"CaNaDA!"* that was adorable
I like the emoticon at 11:18 ٩( ᐛ )و
8:47
1:37 i like the cat emoticon in the subtitles ٩( ᐛ )و
you should've made the home depot crate a cauldron so you could stand in it
First time commenting on the YouTube website and not the app
Blender even has a destimate modifier to decrease polygon count👌
Lovely
As someone who doesn't like minecraft you sound cute
This is amazing! One of the best videos xD
8:46 now I want a mysticat as a pet now
4:20 timestamp dont mind
2:26  Mysticat:"Meow! please take care of me....🥺🥺🥺"
Can you remake my dad in minecraft? 😀😭
mewo
but can it run DOOM?
4:44 omg MLP!
Grrrrr
That mod is cool
bruh
Aka mods 😂
Why do you have so many of those
MEWO.
sus bro😂😂😂
mewo
Is that google maps😂
Great vid, but what is that voice, please stop it!
personally, this is Mysticat's best voice... sounds so incredibly cute...
My PC gonna fry
all the datapack makers frothing at the mouth watching this 💀
He is definetly a femboy or a furry
You have 1.58m subs and you are still running a RTX 2070 super in 2023... bruh
You put it in through the side it came out, u no know the art of the easy bake oven.
07:07 is the most unrealistic part
When he said vanilla mc I thought he meant actual vanilla mc.
mewo
The block that has a heart on the middle is the companion block pet from terraria
¿Qué pasaría si hicieras esto en servidores aleatorios?
Hello
At the end, he looked the weird form and he said : "Canadaaaa" ... I'm actually Canadian **RANDOM** But... LOo everyone!
❤Oh
Bro turning Minecraft into Rust
Why he sounds like an AI?
i want to download this world 😭😭
8:58 I think I went there before
out of curiositywhat is your computer specs HMM what if you added something like shaders or RTX mode
Furry scum
Play it in VR Minecraft
woah
Decimate modifier: Hold my beer
What’s the difference between this and a mod?
i can’t believe you asked for help. /j
finally an actual real life in minecraft video
shoulda used the cauldron for the basket.
1:50 what he sherching up☠       i think i made people dirty minded bro
I hate your voice
Trop fort !!!
Are you a furry?
Now do it with the best rtx shaders
Ohh I like it
Where computer fire????
I this it's possible with particles but this looks way better Great job dude    Plus your wallet is gay
what happened to your voice?
blend the blender.
you literally sound like your pfp i love it
WHY IS HIMS SO SILLY??! LET ME KNOW mewo :3
The "super fast car" is a ferrari f40
It's not Canada, it's just a no entry sign that hasn't loaded properly😂
Dont disrespect the rock.
Looks like Gmod
bash?
Fake
I want to like him. But the voice
i really like this silly dumb femboy catto boy
bich give me your freaking lung
change the basket to the minecart model
Bro know how to edit videos more than others😁
Jesus Christ Loves You
this guys voice makes me want to end my life
do it without any custom texture packs either
quixel bridge : is best 3d object library and its freeeee
This is why I subscribed btw the super Mario map is dope😊
How do I do this can you make a video or put a video link
Ah man, if you've used a couldron for the box! But nice vid Mysticat!!
Now run it on my potato pc owo
I hate this voice
6:36 AYO
bro's talking like sheldon from tbbt  nice video man 🙏🏼
i mean if you wanted you could have clicked the model pressed tab pressed the little "mesh" button at the top hover over that "clean up" button and press limited dissolves basically what it does deletes any unnecessary vertices which create edges which create faces and in this case you call "polygons"  basically : less polygon more fps only problem is if you have multiple textures on one model with a face that is specifically made for that texture it doesnt care and deletes those vertices anyway
It still mods
I’m not tryna be rude or nothin but your voice is just so annoying😭 besides that I fw the content keep it up brother🙏
THE MAP POSSIBILITIES!!!
Don't you need optifine for this, so technically not vanilla
Guys what to do if some blocky male 176cm high broke into my house
I feel bad for mysticat's wallet... theres another texture baking plugin that is free
next time try to clear polygons from the models so they run smoother. There is a button to reduce by percentage.
Game engine renders game engine stuff :O
:3
(=> v <=)
i have the same graphics card a 2070 super
How are you so good at this? I’m impressed genuinely. 👍
cute voiceeee ^^
Furry smh
furry(🤡) but good video
wait wait hold on is it minecraft??? do some add garry's mod in minecarft
Bro there is a lot of voice crack 😅
Bro there is a lot of voice crack 😅
This is better in minecraft bedrock edtion it has been done in mcpe a long time ago and it runs way better bcs its more optimized
0:20
New Title:  I Imported 3D Models in Minecraft With **Technically** no Mods!
nice video. annoying voice
God, seeing all they can do without mods, im kinda scared for the day Mysticat finally uses them in a video
Minecraft is the only game that can burn your PC into the ground just to make it look better xD
Minecraft is not realistic
Y a truck though
What’s twitter, all I know is X
0:40 MAKE IT A PLUSHIE AND I WILL BUY IT
“What’s a twitter?” - 2025
There is a process to turn the 3d google maps data into obj files (i have done it myself at one point) that i think could be pretty cool.
This could be a good idea to put counterstrike mods or mw mods using this
cool
Even tho you are a Furry (who should not exist), it was a good video
What would this look like with the ray tracing shader?
B A N A N A
Bro i can teach you how to do baking in like 5 minutes
1 sriber:((((
I love how she says shes got no idea what shes doing. Meanwhile I'm making customized racing courses for Mario Kart, and I have absolutely no idea of half of im doing. For me its just funny image comes out. slap a new image in and call it a day.  Baked textures are hella confusing ang I gotta give misti props for being able to figure it out lol
i need an eevee wallet.. 5:42
Cool
You are the adorable good job that's why I subbed
Display: 1850x1057 ??? Bootleg 1080p lol
your voice is really annoying
Hi guys! I was born, and now I am in the capital of Ukraine - Kyiv. I can't speak English fluently yet, so I'm using a translator now. BUT, your videos help me learn English. I'm not sure if the author of the channel will read this, but whoever you are, thank you! Good luck to all
Funny video. BTW you have cute voice :3
I’ve never watched you before but when you said “I have an idea” I got a bad feeling and said “oh god” as you say the next part. Thas crazy
Bro what is your search history
So proud of you for coming out!!! Good luck existing (idk what to say lol)
And even NOW you dont have 2,000,000 subscribers. Just you know im subbed
Imagine adding shaders
HOLLY @_@
Im kinda of a blender expert
now the question is, can we make roblox in minecraft?
Put shader on it
1 sriber😂
you just decimate the mesh and set the number of polygons
should have used the composter hitbox for the crate model
why is your profile so cute
Bruh what😂😮
I'm very sure you need to upgrade your system from a 2700x CPU and GPU to get better performance :D
Wow!
5:41 😰
Imagine making an adventure map like that
Love your accent, it adds a lot to your videos, the result is astonishing 💚
Imagine people making straight up indie games inside minecraft
technically this is modding so... but ok, really good vid anyway
mewo :D
try to import ur own room using lidar
Hello! Im new at ur channel and i already LOVE IT please reply if u do i will try to like all jr vid 😅
I love that pink stained glass, “Still alive, Still.. alive.”
9:33 Bedrock would do it…
Yes to Eeveelution wallet
if you made the crate a cauldron you can stand in it
What are your Pc specs?
Play Minecraft create mod
you can say hes a cat in a blender
yay now i can importe a mc gitlfriend 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
At first i thought that it was Gmod with a minecraft mod
This dudes voice makes me want to kms
You are a liar. u said that was a screenshot but it wasnt, u were walking :(
1:42   y'all thinking what im thinking?? (GD)
It'd still be modded minecraft since you modified the resource/texture pack, any modification is mod.
Hmmm, now you can create New York ... 😂 My uncle will love this!
3:58 who heard **sexy** four 💀 👇
5:41 Is this your way as coming out as a furry? It's okay, we all a furry deep inside 🙏😔
Yea!
I learnt Blender from university now I know how to use Blender and not gonna lie it is really easy 😄 Another time try to create your own models , Blender is fun to use😄
1:51 bro what you googling
Is your voice okay
2:13  why does his voice sound so raspy, are you okay,-
Mewo
mewo
Next vid I made super Mario 64 in Minecraft NO MODS
7:52 mewo
XD
😮
Mewo
What’s twitter everyone knows it’s called the nether it might be worse
1:52 😂
0:41 that fire made me laugh so much.
mewo
I got here from a cuptoast vid :)
Ok
Wow!
Youtube! Official yt
what the fu- [[critical system error]]
Now time to model your nails to be normal and man like and not like a girl, painting them
where is the link
i like your vids but your voice is kinda hard to listen to sorry its probs just puberty.
u bouta crash that pc
DO SHADERS
11:01 Canada!
4:09  Blender likes to get a bit temperamental when it comes to textures and files that it needs to have a filepath for xD  You normally have to relink the textures if you download a blend file from the internet
Can you do this in bedrock edition?
Just waiting until a guy makes a working realistic textured car
i got the rock :]
And it amazing to put it's amazing 🤩
Imagine you will scan a tree and a Minecraft character to be real
“WHICH IS VERY RECENTLY”
I have cowboy for when I feel lonely
did anyone see at the side when he zoomed in on 4:05 the peach model 💀
*gasps* CANADA!
Mysticat? More like *REALISTICAT*                 mewo
this was terrifying in every way
Twitter, more like X
Mario sexy nine💀 hahahahaha
O my god you are the Best smart Minecraft YouTubers
"minecraft is known for being simple" 🤓🤓👆👆
there is a sm64 mod for Minecraft and it gives you all of Marios ability's
Now time to make the real life models life sized
now do it in vr
Youtobe??
MINION
Oh my God is YouTu
*gasp* C A N A D A
The mobs who turned realistic: 👁👄👁
Great job on using Mario Kart music
……………………………………………………………………..what is this supposed to mean for you to say this to someone
smartcat9 yeah
UR GAY? :o
1:51 Mystimom: ... 👡👡👡
GASP CANADA
This is why Dani took so long to upload! He had problems to *bake* lights!
0:01 0:00: Can You Really Call This a Hotel, I Didn’t Receive a Mint On My Pillow Or Anything      ever since i played undertale, i recognize so many songs in youtube videos
I miss when it was called “Twitter”
5:42
Bro make a map and use this
MEwo
his wallet is gay
6:50 You actually sound like him here when you said Yahoo but XD 6:53
And this was where the villain arc of the rock began 3:40
mewo
You genuinely becoming my favourite youtuber I just love your voice and your personality even ur editing
what font is the text in the thumbnail?
just play doom on minecraft already.
you need to include voice crack counter in your videos XD
Im wondering howd you do the application where  you can like spawn stuff and like move them like how you drew a smile on your self
And you have green nails when you said you found your wallet hand reveal yasss
I was told Mysticat is a furry. That brings joy to me for some reason
You made your smart smort
I remember when my friend did this a while ago. He made his skin a realistic shrek model..
Its so realistic not even my phone wanna load the video! Fr tho I cant watch it because it just loads inf
(gasp) *CANADA!!!!!!!!*
He needed the picture of the cowboy
il help you i love blender
I found a loop 3/3
that stump is from fallout i swear
you say "with no mods" but you have to install something besides minecraft to do it witch classifies as a mod so I'm.........................subscribing because    it's stilll entertaining .....and i love it
MEWO
mewo
mewo
Mysticat in a box mystery box happy meal
Now do google earth!
You think that 2 milion polygons is much? Nabnab from garten of banban has over a bilion
2:47 they’re not
your asian dad probably learned how to texture bake at 5 months old
0:23 you mean X? anyway nice video
No bro that's Dayz😭😭😭
Bro that last one legit looks like a source game 💀
It’s not just a bolder it’s a rock
Why dod nobody tell me about this
Couldn’t you use the remesh modifier on the model to get the poly count down. It takes like 2 clicks
meow
3:42 Its not just a rock.. Its samuel the rock🥲🥲
JSAGYGUSHISH AMO SU BILLETERA ES GAY Y TIENE POKEMONES
0:20 Im not sleeping tonight
3:41 as a owner of 3 pet rocks im offended
My dad loves bleder
rip pc fans
Make more videos
Brother please go back to your normal voicd
MEWO!!
Mewo
Quality control 3:50
Sorry not to annoy you or anything but I wanna take the time to tell you how amazing and funny      And adorable you are
8:19 how tf did someone 3d scan this 💀
Not trying to hate, but are you a furry?
I made YouTube talk to itself
imagine importing the whole earth to scale, it may be possible
Zheesh
Nahhhh is that YouTube?
Nah man your PC is stronger than my will to live hahahaha
Bro really said the Super Mario 64 model has no textures when he's in solid mode 😂😂
It all started with Twitter? You mean "X", right? 😂
Ayo Mysticat looked at girls
mewo
0:23 This aged poorly..
One word: M E W O
U made 2d and thus
He probably spent more then a mrbeast video
😘😁😍🥰😇
Ini mochi Apa itu🤔🤔🤨
I was scrolling through cat memes  -Mysticat
can i do this in choclate minecraft?
Dddxddddddxdf and 😂I 😂😂Dddxddddddxdf I 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉and the rest of us are back from the last few weeks and we have been having a few problems with the phone and the 😂is a bit 🎉so I'll 😢😢😢😢😢and I will be back
11:00 Canada yaaay
Subscribe to you i do
Make a full horror video based on that clip of a comment saying you to make the incident and you doing it and make sure its very scary and use red stone as blood of course since if you use real blood you will get demonized and use minecraft youtubers as actors
Mom get the camera youtube commented
Or you a boy or girl
I want the companion cube
Please made herobrine in vanilla Minecraft
WOW
You needed to make the crate a composter
at this point is when he advertised for subs 9:35
what music do you use
Mewo
Mew
remember me when u get 2 mil
mewo
Canada!
You like the SMG song with the jugs and melons in with CG six CG five son at Tommy’s in a town show
that ending. i wonder if mysticat's macaroni turned out alright
1:40 it's cuby
I thought my guy was playing gmod
DID U KNOW THERES A LOADING SCREEN ON MINECRAFT BEDROCK THAT SAYS "TEAM MYSTIC!" ??
Omg how did 3 Eiffel towers not even make a dent in his fps
5:07 nom nom nom
3:57 oh god no
My brain!
I come back to your channel after a year and you did something to your voice. Personally prefered your original voice.
I litterally stacked crates today at a camp
Is this a super Mario video or a Minecraft video?
Cool
Everyone mystical is so sweet we must protek them by all costs :<
it would be cool if it had MODS
ITS BEEN 2 MONTHS
OI MAKE MORE VIDEOS
Make a part 2
1:40 wait, GEOMETRY DASH REFERENCE??
bark
You are cute bro, ur skin is so cute
Mewo:3
U shouldve made your own models
Hi YouTube
You can’t ask for help
1:37 YAYY NEW EMOTIOCON
Everything you make is illegal Like you're the guy that made circles in minecraft
add collision
mewo
I did see it in the description Mewo
Mewo :D
Bro collabed with rec room
This man has more voicecracks than I have hairs
😎😎😎😎
Mysticat scares me sometimes, this man must be stopped
Are u gay?
HI MYSTICAT! does the drivable car command work for p.e?
... 🤨🤔🧐
we need to make a whole relasitic map using this
"No mods",  Then creates his own mod
You should make home depot cart as chest
"Nom nom nommmmmm"😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
bro just started playing gta
Day 3 of asking mysticat to *please* consider doing a video where you make people not be able to walk through players like you could do an invisible falling block that can collide and have it track players movements or at least make it a short ❤
Mewo
Do you like cat /⁠ᐠ⁠｡⁠ꞈ⁠｡⁠ᐟ⁠\
Has anyone noticed he has super Mario and one of the first things he uploads is Mario 64?
I wish i had money to buy your worlds but i still enjoy your your videos 👍
It used to be called I scanned real life into minecraft
Dude reply to me again I was the one one who commented its ship day yayyyyyyy!!!!!!!
Do you think mysticat can make subway surfers in Minecraft
Yay i can play clash of clans in minecraft xd
Day 2 of asking mysticat to *please* consider doing a video where you make people not be able to walk through players like you could do an invisible falling block that can collide and have it track players movements or at least make it a short ❤
We need to import a very specific robot model, and make mysticat wear a very specific cyborg ninja skin. I guess we’re the unenlightened masses Who cannot make the judgement call
Make realistic bread
Mewo
Mysticat:"like most cursed things in this video" mysticat be cursed
Man I love your voice I don't know why but it sounds like if Noi from Aphmua and Meowth from Pokémon were put under a hydraulic press and I like it! :3
Ngl hes the king of command blocks❤😂
mysticat *please* consider doing a video where you make people not be able to walk through players like you could do an invisible falling block that can collide and have it track players movements or at least make it a short ❤
My macaroni- I NEED TO RUN
Do you people understand that right now we have got the way to REALLY play all different games in minecraft!!!!
Did u know that there is a coffee called mystica
Of course she would do something like this
Make a custome dimension in 1.20 Minecraft
You have some GREAT NAILS MYSTI! (Not being sarcastic!)
Peanut butter, peanut butter, peanut butter, peanut butter, peanut butter❤
Mewo
As a French im proud the Eiffel Tower is a part of minecraft
mewo
Eggs
Pls post more
I cannot accept the fact that they sound like that like HOW
For some reason I believed you at the start
Mysticat is missing
mewo
mewo
Love your channel 😂
How to do it pls send me tutorial
wow!
how
why does his voice sound deeper in older videos
Now scan minecraft into real life
The intro reminds me of a Source game...
Make thirst and blankets into Minecraft
3:19
I’ll take that and scan my house in
Try using blue archive in Minecraft with mods
seeing shadows without shaders is cursed
u sus on modals
4:06 LOOK AT PRINNSE PEACH LIKE DAM BOI LOOK AT THAT BUTT
Every video he just gets more femboy
Can you do some more games using commands, like you did crossy road or 2D minecraft ?
Can you make Thomas the tank engine in vanilla minecraft?
I can’t wait to enjoy Home Depot’s crates in Minecraft
execute as @p at @p anchored eyes run camera @s set minecraft:free ease 0.1 linear pos ^-0.50 ^^-1.5 rot
Mewo
If it worked first try it is probably broken - smart coder online I forgot name of
Make a real rocket out of that
MAKE THE BACKROOMS
get this man to 2 mil
Mewo chain
1:51 hol up
Imagine a horror map made entirely out of these models. I think that would be really cool.
UwUwU
how did you do that!
Mewo
You should make the Home depot crate into a a cauldron so you could stand in it
Smort cat
lava looks cursed
there a plugin called CATS thats mainly for vrchat but can be used to make atlas textures same as baking
meow
What is a |\__/,|  ('\_.|o o |_  ) )-(((---(((-------- in your subtitles at the end of the video?
Spawn a giga chicken with loyalty
I love your videos
no furry
7:53 is a prefect meme template
Thank you for visiting autcraft mysticat, it was a fun time
does it work with .IM Files?
Why do I remember this guy's voice being different?
4:05 ayo what is that on the side
😅
Make a texture mlik, which my son calls it from a game, tho its actually milk
Mewo
How come when you put a bunch of textures together it came out good but when I put a bunch of tattoos together it looks like I just turn into a toddler and tried making the best drawing ever and it looks like a bunch of piece of poop like I could have the texture laid out and I measured everything so it looks good and when I pour it into my other 3D software it looks like poo poo what am I doing wrong with says the fact that I don't know how to texture baked
Idea: turn Minecraft into a tower defense game
It's actually really nice to see LGBT minecraft youtubers. I was getting back into my minecraft era and wanted non problematic youtubers <3
Google earth gonna be SO mad
Use your house
11:13 my macaroni is gonna heat i need to       R  U  N
O3O
I like how you curse Mario
mewo
Please tell me how to grow my YouTube channel not getting more views my videos
mewo :3
🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🧇🧇🍕🧇🍕🧇🍕🧇🍕🧇🍕🧇🍕🧇🍕🧇🍕🧇🍕🧇🍕🧇🍕🧇🌯🧇🍕🧇🧇🫔🧇🧇🌯🍕🧇🧇🌯🧇🍕🌯🧇🍕🧇🌯🧇🍕🧇🌯🧇🍕🧇🌯🧇🍕🧇🌯🧇🍕🧇🌯🧇🍕🌮🍞🌮🍕🌮🍞🌮🍕🌮🌮🍕🍞🌮🌮🍕🌮🌮🧇🌮🍕🧇🌮🍕🌮🧇🌮🧇🍕🧇🍕🧇🍕🧇😋😋😋😋😋
R a i n b o w     w a l l e t
Bro has 1.53million people and says he is lonely 😐
I named my cat misty because of you now I call him misty cat
🎉
Mewo
1:20 IT'S THE WEIGHTED COMPANION CUBE FROM THE VALVE GAME "PORTAL"
Nice wallet bro
Mysticat does everything amazing
3:57 "super Mario s*xy 4"
Make a villager that shoots out pizza
I wish I could do this stuff
1:35 :D
MAKE MORE PLUSHIES MYSTICAT I WILL BUY ONE
i have a new youtube account and i realized i wasnt subscribed so now i am sitting here thinking about my life choices
֮ϐׁ⁠ᨰׁׅhׁׅ֮⁠ꫀׁׅ⁠ܻ݊յׁׅ⁠ᨰׁׅ ꒻ꅐꁝꏂ꒻ꍌꅐ꒻ꏂ
bob-omb battle field
So cute😊 2:26
2:27 Welp! the cats out of the basket
Make vertical slabs
:D
O3O
OMG ITS A FURRRRRRYYYYYYYYY                                                       (I wove you)
Build idea: Peanut butter biome: everything is peanut butter
I think u are female
Hi plz don't be mad i don't know if you are male or female
HI YOUTUBE I LOVE YOUR MEMES
Are you a boy?
9:55  Minecraft: illegal
Next Video: Coding a working Comptuer and java language in it and then code the entirety of Minecraft in java in a computer in Minecraft only with commandblocks.
This means you can make a mod where you can use a resource pack then make the custom block/ item into the model.
4:45 now why is twilight sparkle here? I’m not complaining. Just confused
make a little mewo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    /\   /\ =(o 0 o)=
I liked the old thumbnail☹️ (it's ok)
Mewo
He sounds like  Asher Nasir look him up he’s a tech guy I found while watching youtube
btw, Misty there is a easy Blender modifier that you can use to decrease the amount of polygons without drastically changing the model. its called the 'decimate' modifier
Youtube stopped rendering this video at 1:13, right after you finished saying "Which is..." You just said "The cowboy is for when I feel lonely. Which is."
Make more for 2D Minecraft things for the up date bosses armor more items more mobs and  monsters more weapons and the end achievements bioms structures night and time weather more moades bigger story and moreee from Minecraft
If you make that rock a plushy I would buy it for 50$ 3:51
mysticat I am amazing with commands I know how to use every single one like a god, I also am good with data packs, I would like to work with you a few times on some videos if yes then reply to this comment please :)
Wii
Your channel is goated
Pls make a working train in when you scanned real life into mincraft
mewo
Immaculate amount of voicecracks
you can now import backrooms in minecraft, and make video with it)
I hope u can run Doom in Minecraft
mysticat has the same fellings for eeveeloutions as me xd
bro You made a circle with no mods but this is just insane.
Everything!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Even your house even you Literally everything
All you have to do is make every single scene on earth even my house even me even all my decorations in my house everything
If you want to destroy your computer and have it be on fire
Aeroux..
1:50 💀
I don't say thats vanilla minecraft for me vanilla is just normal minecraft no softwere to change stuff
YouTube why are you here?
mewo mewomewo mewomewo mewomewo mewomewo mewomewo mewomewo mewomewo mewomewo mewomewo mewomewo mewomewo mewomewo mewo
mewo
Psych
............💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔⌨️❌
Stupid
Yes I can don't bring me down
Don'iCare don't bring me down again
Alexa more than meet you
Rather needs more than naked read
Believer
ABC me Up you Pick me Up believer
Already footer
Miracle Berry to message to
Had
First things first item saying all the word the bum my
Yes I can don't bring me down
Yes I can don't bring me
Yes I can don't bring
Yes I can don't bring me down
Don't bring me down
Do you know what The Monkees theme song is
Yeah yeah 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
I love that computer
I have big brain what screener on
lol
I do not believe you
What does not allowed breaking the rules of Minecraft
bros happiness making me happy too
when he said this is i got an ad saying ThIs iS gAmIng
Next Mysticat will import the actual world into Minecraft.  That's why they've been gone for so long
Mmmewo
My
Your voice has changed an insane amount through the years, if you compare your first video to you latest vid it sounds quite different
maro go waho
mysticat i hope that you become the youtuber everyone talks about
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👂👂👂👂👂👂👂👂👂👂👂👂👂👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎❤👎
You need fo wear vr headset
Hi
Very cool 👍
why did you change the thumbnail? i see you in your walls...
>:3
mewo
make amongus in vanilla mc lice you made circle
Me watching this video t posing minion shows up me the most cursed thing I have seen
4:05 ayy o
now... do it with shaders...
Mysticat please make the abilities from Tears of the Kingdom
Please make a public Mario 64 multiplayer minecraft server where you can be mario in his land!
It’s not just a rock 🥺 it’s a boulder 😭
mewo.
Brah, my guy you OK, your nails are green. You sound like you need some TRT
I like your videos
mewo
MEWO😸
can u code a statue of you that copys your every move?
You think if you put half of eny city you choose will that blow your pc?
IM A IPAD USER AND I CAN’T DO IT DUE TO THE CODING WEBSITE(and the Rest) ARE FOR PC!
Hey Mysticat, have you thought of making Merch? It would be cool to have your minecraft shirt into a hoodie, or a cat Plushie? I know it might be hard to make, but what do you think?
:O mysticat WE HAVE THE SAME CPU
EEVEE FANS LETS GOOOOOO! 5:42 !
Twilight:3 4:44
Is this Even Minecraft any more
0:19 tho
I have a cat that looks exactly like mystic cats Minecraft skin
2:44 make the Home Depot basket a composted so you can stand in it
finaly something to watch at 1 am
objmc Is Sure Diffrent
The way he was so eXcited for the Home Depot crate was too adorable😭😭❤❤❤
3d scan someones face
HELOO
mewo
5:06 hearing that sound again after all this time felt like a sleeper agent activation making me want to pwn n00bz on sword fight on the heights
Build the earth needs to hear about this
Can you make the backrooms??? I've never seen you made it before!!!! Can you????
The reason life exists is to break minecraft every way possible, even crashing minecraft by crashing minecraft.
best video yet keep up the good work
Jolly 1 2 and 3 in Minecraft
After watching ur mcc vod, I opened ur page so I could see what vid u talked about at the end. I had already watched it but imma watch it again. Its a great vid n deserves the views. Love ur content, Misty! ❤ And congrats on the win 😊. U earned it.
i like your channels a lot🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🗿🧹🧹🧹🧹🧹🧹🧹🧹🧹🧹🗿
Cool
Guys mewo means done
I can't believe you found leaked footage from the Minecraft movie
WOW BERY DANGEROUS
no way i can play geoguessr in minecraft
Very nice wallet
rlcraft looks different
I bet you can't make a patch of the Extra Crafting Recipe datapack that's compatible with 1.20.1
use the super mario 64 mod with the mario map
*YES.. 3 weeks ago, 1,348 comments, 11 minutes and an upload by MYSTICAT?!!! This is awesome 😎 👏 * Also.. *MEWO!!!*
1:51 🤨📸 yeah I think I need bleach
@mysticat: I am a minecraft player looking to interview you for a video. This interview will be posted on my main channel. Thank you please respond.
Чел, ты крут❤ Привет из Санкт-Петербурга!
1:38 somebody's been replaying portal...
Great vid!
I can't be the only one who wants myst to make subway surfers using the bridge model...
The part where he was a realistic cat cracked me up 😂😂😂
*spreads hate*
I love the different "hand-drawn" mysticats around the place! I would love it seen in future videos!
wait youre part of the lgbtq? SINCE WHEN i was looking at the featured pride creatures on youtube and youre on their for gaming lol
oh  no thats 3d?
Mysticat!!!!👍
Mewo
the fact we wated 1.5 months for this
3:13 .....
Cool
Super mario sunshine music
he got caught on 4k sreaching up models
Mewo
Mewo
i could do a video like you
tell me the command line code please
troll people make a map an SMP so much more i guess
@youtube kannst du bitte die Werbung wegmachen
0 out of 10 realistic minecraft. God's Realism runs and looks better and has built in shaders
The minecraft it's getting modern not like old
mewo
Ur*
No matter how stupid UT videos get ill never stop watching them
I cant take the voice..is he forcing it?
I need a tutorial.
Oh, my God.
What happened to this dude’s voice?, I haven’t watched this channel over two years lol
your should make a game with this
mewo
Mysti u allwas make me feel happy
Someone also made the legend of Zelda majoras mask in minecraft poket edition is so impressive to look at
Make Minecraft into an game like the nes and snes and gba and gameboy Zelda and make it 2D
bro looked for the other modle
instead of going from inside to outside he brought the outside inside
bro in love with da basket
mace a spiderman NPC that saves a city
Make a owing train
You said without mods. But mods is just short for modifications to the base game. So using a different resource pack, you are modifying the base game and thereby using mods.  Disappointing 🎉
Why is your name mysticat live?
I wish you showed us your commands 😢😢😢
make a star in minecraft
The Home Depot crate should have been a composter so you could stand in it
4:30 actually its not too many its one many
Hey Mysticat i have watched you for a while and i love to mod like you, i have been modding on my phone and play on my phone, but now i have a laptop and was wondering if you had any tips or recommended apps to use to mod! (Also thank you you inspired me to a yt and help with my depression)
The voice crack 6:46
Mewo
Can you make among us in minecraft
Now play subway surfers in minecraft
6:52 🤣
Mewo!
lol 1:37
4:04 bro lok at pericespech
5:42 bro is a gay furry confirmed
5:42 bro is a gay furry confirmed
mewo :3
Mewo
this nga has green fingernails...
Dont feel down! Hank Steel is the best cowboy to keep you company.
mysty your on youtube's channel
🥚🦍
When someone says FPS all i can think of is first person shooter Help what does it mean in mincraft
Can I please have your minecraft skin please I love your minecraft skin. I love your videos too
"Im the funny man" - Mysticat 2023
Notice how he says “humans ever imagined” THE MATRIX IS COMING
Canada! - Mysti 2023
I’m watching this at 12 AM because I accidentally took a nap in the middle of the day and then fell asleep
The Eiffel Tiny made me laugh more then it should have
Love ur wallet
The wallet ??
cats r my fav animal i have 4 at home
MAN! You grew so so so so fast. I've been here since you were around 40k and now you're already 1.5M. I hope you reach 2 millions soon! Keep up the good work, dude!
1:51 Wat
I haven't watched the channel in a long time. Someone made furry-minecraft-Youtuber-where-his-mom-knowns-nr.3  go commit puperty voice crack.
When the video is dope is mmm like his macaroni
Who else came from google   👇
Him:lets put something realistic also him: MARIO 64!!!
Make a different type of TRAIN and I will subscribe
you, Knarfy, now !
I wonder if you made the red basket a compost bin if you could stand in the basket, like how you can stand inside compost bins?
Mewo :3
Bro minecraft players will go SO out of their way JUST so they don't have to ACTUALLY go outside
try and made it work so you can go around google earth with this
Half life is next
I didn't know you could bake
To big in philipino is water so you said water in this video even if you think you did not and my dad is philipino
Why are you under 'Celebrating Pride: Gaming'?
Why you didn't put the twin towers ?
Ok but now do the entirety of google street view
mewo
i use python for school and i suffer you use it for fun and laugh
rip monny
That OOMPH sound was so accurate! And i love that you made a street at the start and end of the video. Its so realistic.  You did a good job.
lemme get this straight. you have created the ability to make undertime slopper. in minecraft. perfection. amazing job. bravo. big fan.
I feel like there is a difference between this and “vanilla “(no hate I love your vids)
You should have the crate be placed down as a cauldron so then you can sit down in it!
Mewo
Mewo
Face feevl
Yeehaw
Miata cat go to 4:50 in setup video and look in your play button your face was reflected in it you might want to check it out stay safe -sutton
I'd like to see this with shaders
im sorry but your voice is mad annoying
are you a furry?
Mysticat. This is too far.
“My cursed idea, just like most cursed things in life, it came from twitter”
no need to show those stubby meat gloves
Amazing video ❤😊
When minecraft is better than my own vision 😂
You better invite other YouTuber’s to your world!
now do this on a laptop
what is your gender? It's probably male but you never know.
11:08💀💀 bro thought texas was canada💀
I just now realized I’ve been voicing Ralsei from Deltarune rather similarly to you in my head. Would you be willing to read a few Ralsei lines aloud?
How about get a life instead of scanning it into Minecraft??? Edit: didn’t work for me:(
Make a rideable nimbus cloud on Minecraft education edition
Hi
I love your voice Mysticat 😊
Sinds when do you sound like a skreetching child instead of a happy adult? Is this the new Mysticat brand?
'It's car look fast" it's Ferarri F40
Toiolo: [adds Minecraft to Super Mario 64] Mysticat: [adds Super Mario 64 to Minecraft]
I’m not particularly experienced with texture baking, but I know a lot of other stuff about blender if you need help.
Hi Mysticat i just joined mega mewo and can u pls tell how i download stuff from ur videos? Also i didnt join only because the stuff i also joined because u spend so much effort so i also wanted to support you😊
I got two ads before the video and the skip button freezed at 1 second
Make a rail gun in Minecraft whit no mods or commands in bedrock edition on my server
I hope this isn't rude or anything, but I have been wondering, what happened to your voice?
apparently he's nonbinary
Mewo :3
can someone make easy tutoria lhow to do that on my own?
Hey, are you trans? your voice has Gotten higher, i dont really care im AroAce nut I just want to know?
"just to bake the textures" sounded like shaggy lmfao
Does he remind anyone else of Ice Cream Sandwitch??
BROOO you should have tried to import Doom E1M1 into Minecraft HAHAHA
Stupid idea: make an infinite room (i know you made it before) but make it like the backrooms. So like a 3x3 with a door on everyside and then just make that infinite, so when you open another door it spawns a new room thats exactly the same but make it more uncomfortable and make it night when you make it (if you do even)
.
Eeeeeeeee F40
Imagine vr with this...... Yeah you know where this is going.....
You should have used a shulker box for the home depot crate so that it would have an inventory. You'd also get 16 colors of crate, which is a nice bonous.
My sister said bbbbbbbbbbbbt
I feel like you're really stretching the definition of "vanilla Minecraft"
Now install performance mods so you can do more
Try with shaders.
What is wrong with your voice bruh
Polygons are not only triangles
hi
Damn, this guy just crushed every ‘I made Minecraft as realistic as possible’ video
1000
1000th comment!
1000 reaction
Hello
the 1000th comment🎉
1000th comment woohoo
1000th comment!
Mewo
that picture you got to hospital from roblox
IHHOHFVOHFVOHFVOHDOV THAT LEMME OUT MADE ME A FURRY ALMOST
YAY 1000TH COMMENT
mewo ( yu ur cute )
:D you are furry
Comment no.1000
This comment is comment number 1,000🎉
1000th comment
Is he gay ??
I saw a plenty of tries people trying to import 3d models into minecraft, but most of them were just voxels and extremely laggy. This is literally smoothest 3d model into minecraft I've ever seen and looks so.. bizzarre in so many points
Are you gay bro please say your not
The police are here, you are not the registered owner of that crate, you have broken the law, you have the right to remain silent, you are under arrest!
The number of voice cracks in this video kills me
I can’t seem to figure out if the person that made this video is make or female? I’ve heard questionable things come this persons mouth. I’d rather not assume either or..
Should've made the Home Depot crate take the spot of a chest
His PNG Editing is good
Be productive, got it, just gonna slewp for 10 hours
Mewo
Ok
I love ur vids And ur voice sounds cute❤
Did you half to buy all of it?
Very good video
Why does he have a voice crack 😂
Is it just me or is there a honk at 2:00
Texture baking is so simple. Done a ton of times.
Unreal Engine 1000
add google earth
This will be your top video I love it already!
when you get a better gpu than a 2070, try this again :)
i am still terrible at blender and i have like 630 hours in it sooooooooooo
"mInEcRaFt'S gRaPhIcS sUck!!1!!1!!!!" fans when they see this video:
mewo
What a fruit cake
Hello aeroux
Vanilla Minecraft means Minecraft with no mods so you do not have to say with no mods
really enjoying this photoshop editing
Do this with a shader!
This is insane
nice wallet
Please do me a favor and go to the Far Lands with the mod
bro's bout to dominate in 1:1 scale Minecraft Earth 💀
What…..
Is this hidden Haminations? 3:41
Tell me how. I want to use this too!
nice video, bit of an high pitched voice
Mysticat i have a question. Does downloading models count as mods or not?
Awesome video duh
mysticat you scare me
Can you please do a voideo on the far lands please?
4:18 hi (●’◡’●)ﾉ
BRO HAD YOUTUBE ITSELF COMMENT WTF
Video starts at 0:00 btw
There was no need to be that gay 5:42 unsubscribed 🤙🏿
Mewo
His video starts to look more like PONGONYLON DONUT!!
Are you switching gender or what 😢
Jeb: No circles allowed in Minecraft Mysticat: ok then ill imprt a ball
imagine if he used shaders
i laughed way too hard at the wallet joke
what was that scream tho at 6:45
your voice is very annoying
Whaaaat
you should have made the baskets cauldrons <3
Can you make team fortress 2 in Minecraft pleas
he put circles in minecraft without a mod
make rome colosseum!!!11!11!!!!1!11!
Really stretching the definition of vanilla
Can't wait to play tf2 in minecraft
A lot better than those Wednesday and mr beast minecraft shitposts
Make the home depot crate so when you get it it's a cauldron but looks like the crate so you can stand inside it
i mean i get what you mean with the not modding in stuff, but you are quite literally modding in stuff
The Cat Is Pog
Minecraft in 2030: ultra RTX realism texture baked final movement changes
Cool wallet
you see that design?
i just want the wallet
The command for this will be longer than how much milliseconds are in 1000 years
Mewo
omg the adorable kitties drawings are 😺👍 cute
🤨📸📸📸📸📸📸📸📸1:51
Are you trans?
you should try using cauldron for the crate model so you can jump in it or a minecart so you can sit in it and ride it!
Your voice sounds different compared to previous videos. Why??
I still don't belive u
You should import a model for every block, for example, oak logs could be a really realistic tree
AYO MISTCAT LOOKING AT HOT WOMENS
now do this using the new display entities and only using vanilla blocks to recreate a model, no texture pack >:)
i was humming the same maro 3d songtrack he played  at 3:00
1:37 This is why I'm subscribed.
mewo
Mysticat next up scan the universe into minecraft, or are you not brave enough?
The childish and simple edits are so...perfect
mewo
You should made the coldren the basket so you can really stand in it
Canada!
“The Eiffel Tiny”
Mewo :3  (I love mysticats energy so much. You give me life ❤)
cudos to cosmicmatt
This reminds me of when the bata version of minecraft when you could add doom file models
dud you creasy
6:43 why did mysticat sound exactly like Homer Simpson?
I was thinking. Gorrila Tag!!
Now enable the shaders on it ;)
2:20 I love how they couldn't resist getting in a box
It was a day like any other at London's Heathrow airport, but for United Flight 992 and Qantas Flight 434, it was anything but. The two planes were headed for a catastrophic collision as they were both ascending and descending respectively towards each other. On board United Flight 992, the co-pilot had slipped into a deep sleep, leaving the autopilot to take over.  Meanwhile, on Qantas Flight 434, the pilots were preparing to land, having no idea that their radar system had failed and was unable to detect the United Flight 992. To make matters worse, both planes had the same faulty radar system, making it impossible for either one of them to detect the other.  As the two planes drew closer, disaster seemed inevitable. The sun was just beginning to rise over the horizon, making it difficult for the pilots to see, adding to the impending danger. Suddenly, as if out of nowhere, the United Flight 992 co-pilot awoke with a start. The copilot quickly realized the gravity of the situation and reached for the controls, adjusting the altitude and yawing the plane to avoid the rapidly approaching Qantas Flight 434.  Time seemed to slow down as the two planes passed each other, their ailerons just barely missing each other by a few feet. Passengers on both planes screamed as they realized the danger they had just faced; two planes almost collided in mid-air. It was sheer luck, along with the quick thinking of United Flight 992’s co-pilot which had saved them from disaster.  After this near-death experience, both planes made it safely to their intended destinations. However, the flight crews and passengers on both planes were left trembling at the thought of how close they were to being in a catastrophic accident. The incident prompted increased safety measures and stricter training protocols at Heathrow airport, and both airlines made changes to the radar systems on their planes to prevent such an event from ever happening again. It was a lesson that would stay with them forever.
Eeveeloution wallet! Yes!!!!!!!
Now i can just roleplay in the real location without having my feet touching grass ever again lol
Mewo
Been binge watching Power Palette, so seeing Matt appear was a jumpscare. I think he's following me
Mysticat the video is phenomenal! Thank you!!! <3 ~respect
mewo
Coooooooooooooooool
can you make a working blue angel jet in Minecraft?
Why yo gay?
It’s not 100% vanilla but it’s 99.999999999999999999% vanilla
You should make a rosewood biome with roses (not poppies), rose wood (not cherry wood), and a forest walker woman.
THE LAGGG
Man is the Jesus of vanilla command block vids
1:38 possibly the cutest thing ever
Son of a God, you stupid idiot, Mr cat yeah you stupid you’re actually such a piece of trash loser
You should do tutorials
I never realized how much mysticat's voice breaks
It’s been such a ride seeing you evolve into your own entire brand!! This channel has come so far and I’m so happy for you.
Nobody: the amount of voice cracks in every video: ♾️ (btw it’s just a joke)
mewo
The next video be like how to make mods in vanilla minecraft.
Mysticat can turn Minecraft to the irl Earth
So I can make my netherite sword into a realistic comically large spoon… *AND NO ONE TOLD ME?!?!*
I wish you could make the home depot crate as a couldren because then you could stand inside of it!
Ffdx hhggf uuuy yyyyyvuuu uuyyvuuu iuhh jjjh uhgg uhyy hhhh uygvuhh uygg uhhh jhhh iuuu jhhh uhhg huhh uuuy juhhh hhu uuuybuuub hyyy yyyyvyhh hhhbhhh hhhg hhhg juuhh hhffuuhhg hhhg hhhh iuuhh jhhh  jhhh jjj
Can i ask i dont hate just mystcat are u gay?or anything else
Ok gimme a minute let me get my truck IM COMING
a lot of ppl are asking y i didn't just Decimate the final model in Blender. I did! 6 times lol, it was still over 1.5 mil poly :(
I love how you simply explained everything   as a blender user for 8 years now I was just saying " BAKE IT BAKE IT BAKE IT " and I was like let's goooo when u started explaining the baking method xD  unfortunately I'm dissapointed you bought a plugin I know like 3 decent baking plugins that a free ,  oh well
You can 3d scan your own house with your phone for completely free to get a single texture 3d model.
Mysti. You hit z. Then go into render mods to see the textures
man can you 3d scan my house
You're such a good kitty thank you for the great new vid! I think it would be insane to see a small map for a server minigame made using this technique somehow!
Idk Why But I Just Like Your Profile :3
3:43 poor rock just got shamed l
misty cat Fourier3 video make my idea in reality inside Minecraft make a mod that when you place a block, it turns into a random block
3:33 Is that 3 really big, or is it just small up close?
Maybe my house is in this video
Mewo
For your next video, I think you should explain how all of these commands work. It's very cool seeing them, and I would like to be able to create my own versions of these that I understand.
PLZ DONT BE GAY
Mewo
Bro, what can't this guy do!? 😂
Mewo
What the f###
imagine an adventure map with these models. it wouldn't really even be Minecraft anymore.
Turn on tha shaders
Import a picture of yourself into this and add it into video lol
The entire Build the Earth team watching as their life crumbles before their very eyes:
Haha subscribe button goes brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
qweruiop[]asdfghjkl;'zxcvbnm,./.
importing the Super Mario 64 world was a W choice, it came out great!
al 3d artist , lets make his pc explode again, but this time with help of Mysticat's army.. thats us , now. 3D artist open blonder or cinma 4D, and lazy people , take you iphone pro max, an you just had to do do a differnet type of baking to lower the polygons
Mewo
I love your videos
mewo
0:20 please never use that In a video again
Yep you're definitely a cat
Wow
I think I mis-heard 3:58
Nintendo wants to know your location
Mysti did not install python until today :(
I just subscribed to you cus we both are stoopid cats C:<
GODLANDDDEEER RUUUULEEESS
:_mewoPog:
I like balls
:_mewoPog:
As someone who uses Blender a lot but has never done 3D photo scanning, the sheer number of polygons on that tunnel model had me absolutely floored  If I were making that from scratch, it'd probably have a few thousand polygons, and then most of the detail would be in things like normal maps. (A "normal" is basically the direction away from any point on the surface of an object. A normal map is a texture that uses RGB color channels to hold data about angles on the surface of an object, which is then used to tell the program how to reflect light off a surface, which makes it look like the surface has fine topological detail, when in reality light is just bouncing off it in the wrong direction)
mewo
This is crazy these are going to improve maps and mods
5:42 I didn't know you are a gay😞💔
Cool👍
Dude, you ar a legend. I'm sad Mojang didn't let you keep your cape. You do deserve it and so much more.  :D
Mewo
this is acctually huge
Are you a boy or a girl?
Where is mystitiger
can't you just use the decimate modifier to get rid of at least some of the polys - a blender expert
Rip his voice
Now make a horror map out of these models with a texture pack that enables the features within the models (like fences etc) and scare the heck out of fundy 😂
Is this the first time you got on trending?this video was sheeeeeeeeeeeeesh
mewo  Ps love the videos and want to boop you and give headpats anyways have a good day :)
What?
So how much is your pc again Misty cat: 69 why
Can we have the download link?
Make a car the minecart!
That's so cool... Now can you do Prop Hunt?😀 Challenge your friends
u dont have python??????
what is that logo at the outro?
So i can make my whole house here😊😊😊
Hi
U need to upload more u are very intertaining.
This is like griffpatch but minecraft (Suckest comment ever)
0:23 Objection! Most of cursed thing ain't from Twitter, its from Reddit Change my mind
super minecraft 64
2:21 the cat instinct to immediately get in the box 😂
I wait for your video. I really like the videos. A big fan of you .❤❤
YOOO THATS SO SICK!! you should use that and prank your friends!!!! 😂😂😂❤❤❤
As someone who uses Blender almost daily this hurt: 4:09 "The model had no textures" *Is on solid view a.k.a. no textures view*  But luckily it got all sorted and it looked pretty cool at the end
As soon as a saw that your wallet was a eeveelations one I had to like the video and you got my respect(Eevee is my favorite pokemon)
Tapp St got nothing on any model in garten of banban
Shout outs to Matt, him and his friend edit simpleflip's vids and their own channel is hilarious
Purrfect for map making!!
shoulda turned the baskets into couldrons or a composter so u could go inside them
Great, now we are going to have a "minecraft or not" trend
I love this editing, mainly when the cute lil mistycat arts and stickers show xd, and also 5:42 oh hey look, it's the funni image drawn by senz
why the new outro and it says mistykyatt
yes
Oh god, I hope mysti didn’t use an un retopologized photo scan
Always love your video!
Anyone know the music at 0:56?
Build the earth but on RTX
Love the humor keep it up love the vids
this was NUTS!  I cant belive it worked
mewo
11:05 *gasp* canada
This is so cool!!
mewo.
You would like beamng drive
Nice wallet and nails. :3
Imagine just 3d scanning your house into Minecraft and still being realistic then the real house
The sky is blue
im screaming and crying
should of made the crate a retexture of the cauldron
make  the full mario 64 game into minecraft
IS THAT SKYWARD SWORD MUSIC?
Cool
Mysticat: im illiterate! Also Mysticat: *reads*
Cool
Mystical, you know what this means. No longer are the days of a pillar with two blocks at the bottom. We can get real 3D human genitalia in the game!
5:42 me:...
do a tank          tiger 2 or 1
5:41 just tell us you have a body pillow of your Minecraft character
WTF what how how explain yourself I do not understand this at all
Mr. mackenstein bout to go wild
This looks like it should be in a first person shooter of fallout game, not Minecraft.
1:51 those women ARE 3D models! They’re 3d and model
So this is what you meant by real life content... Mewo
WHY WHY DID. YOU DO MARIO ITS THE WORST
This is cool.
3:43 IT'S NOT JUST A ROCK   it's a boulder
3:11 you lied
Ahhhh me simple ogga bogga minecraft brain hurt
Mewo
Where can I find the school where you had become a genius???
WHOA!!!
Mewo
Easy bake is baned
6:52 oooof
9:34 wait till he tries importing the garten of banban models in
Me like it               :-)
You should make a new boss vanilla Minecraft with just commands
btw make the bismarck with it imported work
0:55 7 voice cracks counted
real
try this tool with the battleship bismarck
Oh my lord. Godlander was a kinda big name in a tiny mmo I used to play. I will never be free from the Realm of the Mad God.
I love mario 64 :>
I'm christian   Argue in the reply section
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
You've ruined minecraft for me, nooooo! I cant even look at minecraft  and think ha ha funny block game. It's too realistic, even modded minecarft is ruined. I can only play minecraft in hyper realistic shaders now, otherwise it wouldn't look good
mewo
aLL iN VaNIlLa !!!11!1
I play roblox but this is minecraft!
I'm not a blender expert (I have some experience) but I don't think texture baking should be that hard
7:30 as someone who experiments with 3d scans, the reason there are so many logs is because they are 1. easy to find 2. easy to scan from all angles 3. has details but a simple overall shape 4. looks good without having to fix the mesh (usually)  These are also the reasons there are so many rock scans.
Is mysticat gay or something? Just curious
Dam, creative 2.0 is crazy
I love this mewo
you should make the home depot crate a cauldron so you can stand in it
3:43 it’s not just a rock               *it’s a boulder*  -spongebob
The cat is back!
You are gay?
I have a truk if you what to try the theory
3d artists watching the video: what an idiot
cool wallet. Eeveelutions are cool
I 3D Scanned REAL LIFE into Minecraft
yooo
why is my favorite part just:  Canada!
No GeoGuessr comments curious why the first place is UK?
0:57 Oh the F40, Nice Choice Mysticat
You should get a cat 3d model
Mewo
"Uh- uhm." That’s my reaction of the cowboy picture
The Mario cursor😂
Imagine you and your friend log on to a world and the first thing your friend sees is his house 3d rendered completely realistically
Me: WTF 0:04
Legend says he got hit by a truck to stay determined.
mewo
The lil Mystidoodles
Where is the tools link?
you should every million make the perfectly made subscribe button have another number (9:37)
cool!
This video gives me extreme anxiety, great job :)
My main takeaway of this video is that you're a twink and I want to hug you.
I think Mysticat should make Mario 64 in minecraft with no mods
But he never made the whole world or exploded his computer 😐
“mewo” :3
Do you need a hug?
you should of made the home depot crate a cauldron so you can jump in the crate
What program did you use?
mewo
the fact he searched just "models"...
Liar! That isn't a Minecraft screenshot, you are still playing the game!
CANADA
rec room studio but in minecraft
mewo cause thing.
1:20 iS tHaT a GD reEfEreNcE ??2?
Jeezus cool
Can you add coconut mall into Minecraft? That would be SOOO funny
Do you work for NASA? 😂❤
You never stop amazing is!
6:50 just use retro 64? (mc mod)
FEMBOY
You seem like a really nice person I appreciate that <3 Have a wonderful day ^^
FURRY
8:20 why you my fav yt so funny lol
6:52 Mario screaming to death 💀
Mewo
Apples
omg i cant belive that its a a a VIDEO!!!!!
Should we hit him with a truck?
497
Did anyone else get a home depot ad before he spawned in the crate
Exactly half of the vid 5:40
Mysticat: I was just scrolling through cat memes  but you're a cat, wouldn't they just be "memes"? or are we being lied to?
466
Sorry, not what did it destroy his computer? That’s what I meant to say.
Uh oh
What did his computer of explode?
I love your channel but it would be better if you did a face reveal
Notch: "finally"
Thanks sooo much for a video Mysty. I really needed it today.
Imagine putting Doom E1M1 into minecraft. Would be cool to put other video game maps into minecraft (after all, Minecraft has a ton of mods putting other video game items into the game, but not so much on the maps side. So much potential!)
me: doesent own minecraft. Also me: intresting
can we take a moment to appreciate this mans wallet?
mewo :3
Add a planet maybe Jupiter
So cool to see Godlander getting more recognition :D
do it with the google earth model
"ntz ntz ntz"
mewo
Me watching this on my GT 1030: It's OK buddy, at least you can run Deltarune..
building the earth in minecraft will be so much more fun after this
funny thing is, there's a mod that makes ur character sm64 mario with sm64 physics... so in theory you could import the whole game to minecraft
mewo.
Mysticat is so cool :3
now recreate every level in sm64 in Minecraft (including all enemies and objects)
6:46 “Super MaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
5:41     you must also be proud
Top tier background music 👌
Oii
How do I submit my fan art? I made some and want you to see it :>
nice
2:25 Oh great Mysticat of the Home Depo crate, what is your wisdom? great Mysticat of the Home Depo crate: liking and subscribing brings you as much Minecraft madness as you like edit: sound like you should do it
I still dont believe you
🥷🥷🥷🥷🥷🥷🥷🥷
Thank you
he should've made the box a cauldron so he could get in it
Mysticat has one of the most complicated things of all people
gary's mod moment
that is a really nice accent or way to talk whatever you prefer
You missed out on such a big opportunity to make Cauldron the Home Depot Crates 😭
Someone needs to do this and turn it into a gmod map like imagine playing sandbox in your own neighbourhood
mewo
ur a furry
5:15
Never gonna give you up
Nintendo otw to suing you;  👁👄👁
9:55 Mysticat is so cute ngl
is 2023 May 24th  1.5M  Subscribers
Mystical OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOFFFFFFFFFFF
3:44 Its not a rock! Its a boulder!
“I tink im enjoying these to much.. 😅”
soo Girl in IRL. Bruh
Your voice kinda reminds me of a higher pitch of shaggy’s voice from scooby doo
Plzzz make a 3d mario game in minecraft with this!!!
Me who dont even know how to download shaderpacks
Another banger video Mysty!
Why don't you add some other youtubers at the end to see their reaction? I think it would make it more fun.
mewwo
wait mysticat what if you used the retro 64 mod with that
1:45 bro really imported the steam exclusive icon from Geometry Dash
HOW
2:05-3:02 the way it was fricking 400 dollars🤑
Thing is, it's really nice to see someone figuring things out.  Minecraft mapmakers and texturepack creators have been doing this technique for years though , making 3d objects for texturepacks like rails and ladders and plants.
:0 your “wallet” es Eevee
2:24 POV: Mysticat displays cat-like behavior of sitting inside a box
Did no one else see Mitsuri when he was looking at 3d models???
Congrats on 1.5!
This is insane for vanilla minecraft  I am also having macaroni cheese just after watching this  :D
Mewo
you could make the red boxes not the white glas but the composter. So you can sit in it.
Someone needs to import the whole map of getting over it in minecraft
Hi
Sometimes I see videos like this and I wish to have a house like it
cool im in the first 500
nicenicenice
He had to 3d scan grass to touch it
This is the description. mewo
COMPANION CUBE
Mysticat has a very loose definition of “vanilla”.
Misty’s wallet is cool 5:42
All of these are amazing Mysticat! If you added these models on and then added shaders, your PC will light on fire and explode! :D
ah yes! so the pain of uv mapping and baking textures finally hit a minecraft youtuber.... i hope you understand a little bit what us game developers go through- all the time😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 (texture baking is very easy try BAKING LIGHTMAPS and see if you still have any will to live left or not)
fix your voice please
mewo
mario in minecraft!?!??!!? honestly this is the closest we can probably get to actually porting mario 64 into minecraft without mods and i'll take that  awesome video!!! loved it :D
make your skin realistic
This project is so cool! I'll never understand shaders, but this I'm interested in.
What in the world have you done to Minecraft???
How I can get it?
But what if you use a shader pack? == real life?
Extra Nice  🤍💙🤍
2 h.
What if I told you that I did this in vanilla minecraft without any mods installed with one command... oh boy here we gooo!
This was your "real life" video, mysty? I had high hopes
363th comment 2h ago
6:44  i love this
Not what I expected by "Real life video"
I love all the low-effort cat images :)
You should of made the home depot crate a cauldron/composter so you could hop inside it 😭
Mojang, where are you? 😅
Bro the voice cracks
ceazy
You could make portal with this! Using the display blocks and the physics that someone got to work with them, you could add the custom model! I'd love to see something like that in the game!
I love your videos. Thank you for the contact.❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
You are amazingly talented and hilarious. I appreciate you advocating to ask for help when you need it!
Mysticat: I want to... Me: Yes please!
"it's the eiffel tiny"
2:32 you should have used the composter because of its hitbox
imagine defeating someone in a 1v1 and they pull out a 3D scan of your house, national ID card and social security
Its simple with image
A blue cube it become into rainbow sphere then a pink cube *anvil noises*
mewo
Are you boi or girl bc idk
B&Q > Home Depot
How can i 3D scan real people so i can put them in minecraft?
First off, Matt PowerPallette jumpscare. Secondly, this resource importer seems like it could be used for some top tier trolling down the line🤔
*Me using 144p:* Ok
Hey Mysticat... This may sound like A weird thing but when you Pressed the Button at 2:05  I had an Ad Pop up at that exact moment... I think it was Coincidence but I'll say this... That was perfect timing on my end XD
wow
Yo why doesn't this have more views. I thought you always got huge views quick.
“Canada!!” 🇨🇦     11:06
Mystic how old r u?
Imagine what people can do with this and the new display command
6:45 screm
All this effort for an 11 mins video is absolutely mind blowing.  We really appreciate your content Mysticat . Very underrated youtuber ❤❤
6:53 haha funny
I watched this while I was sick and it took me 3 hours finish
Put an intire city in Minecraft next
make it a texture pack and gimme it
can't wait to join a minecraft server and it being the entire solar system in 4K graphics with 2fps
The subtle wallet flex, very nice
You should be mario😏
Amazing video bro.. Just imagine the next gta on minecraft 💀💀💀
dssdsdssd
0:20 ah yo new pfp?
noooooooooooooooo the colosseum !!!!
man i can feel your pain in the baking thing i am a good blender user not a pro but i can make some complex things but baking that scares me
mewo
I'll be there for you when you're lonely!! :D <3
I like the editing
How!?!?!?!?
this looks so weird and so cool
It’s look like garry’s mod rn
5:42 are you gay??😡
I didn't even realize this was Mysticat's video from the thumbnail
mario go brrr
Mewo :3
Dude this is so fire
mysticat i just thought of something amazing  you can make star wars speedster races now.
I already see my laptop being on fire if I did this
Now its time to use the mario mod with the mario map
4:09 “The model had no textures!”  Also Mysti: *is in viewport shading mode (no texture mode)*
4:44 bookhorse!
You should have made the Home Depot Box a composter so you could stand in it.
amazing that it didn't crash your computer at 9:34
Mysticat had 1,503,609 subs at the time of uploading this video
Question, is mysticat a furry?
Cool
That rock at the beginning was like,8 polygons?
05:42 Why is there so many arts?
yo thats my gd cube at 1:45
Let’s goooooo Mysty back with his incomprehensible bangers
4:59 The really big one texture from smaller textures called texture atlas.
FASE REVEAL NEXT
the first thing i see is a bit on england in minecraft please we don't need more england
I think you forgot to put the model links in the description I really want that rock if you know what I mean
Noice
2:45 oh god, you brought the crate challenge to minecraft
how do you become a sriber
1:51 mysti caught in 4k 📸 🤔
Hi
Macaroni
you realy must try it with shaders
big fan
veri cool
what the... i thought it 2d but it 3d... seems like 4d
Great video mystic
I want someone to love me the way Mysty loves home depot crate :(
Very cool      Now import google maps 3d view
this guy is going remodel minecraft
Bro could fry an egg on his PC with these graphics 💀 😂
Mewo    Hey notice me @Mysticat
Shaders would go hard on this!
halo this would probably break my pc in abt 0.5 seconds XD
e
Ici on approuve la tour Eiffel :)
cool
Why did you abuse your poor computer? 😢 Go back to Minecraft jail.
Mewo
Wtf is that magic 2million to 100k
wow so much mysticat art
b e w o
Ok how??????
Yo, that’s hyper realistic looking :3
1:29 That's just light blue concrete.
i love your vids
3:29 we dont talk about baehind the sky
first to asmit... NOT first.
Imagine just 3d scanning your house into Minecraft and still being realistic then the real house
Thats cool and all but now.. you have to make something cooler   You have to make a realistic battle tank that moves and shoots stuff
Really 😎 🆒️
Should've made the crate a cauldron for the hitbox lol
30 minutes ago
cursed
Come on I thought you where doing a real life vid
As someone who is learning Blender to take builds from Minecraft and put them in Blender, I never considered the opposite direction a possibility. 🤔
Wow amazing!
you should've made that red basket thing with the composter instead of the glass
You could recreate Verona's Arena, it's like the colosseum, but smaller and less known, so probably it will cost less
Hi mysticat I realy like your vids but can you ask us for vid idias?
I always hear the Zelda Skyloft soundtrack playing in the background. And I love it XD
Cool video! Liked how you touched on all possible options and explained why you couldn't do them.   I feel like map makers could use this video's knowledge to make one of the creepiest (if laggiest) maps possible. Normal Minecraft world to creepypasta vibes, maybe.
This will be Minecraft graphics in 2013
It's been a while since I've watched one of your videos, what's up with your voice?
This is poggers.
I wish you'd gotten youtubers reactions to it
SECOND COMMENT
I made a circle in real life
Amazing video,this made my day
Time to insert the entirety of earth now
you need to change the outros japanese part from "ミステーキャット" to "ミスティキャット" since the first one sounds like mis tɛ cat instead of mis ti cat
That model had less polygons than this video has voice cracks
Mewo
Damn, I can't wait to play GMOD in Minecraft.
Next time import duck :>
How old are you
Bugate
How old are you
Can I import my parents approval into Minecraft
This is so cool!!!
I am Algerian🇩🇿😤
you're the best
You'll explode
wow, those edditing skills are so great, have you bought marvel?
Blender go brrr =D
Bruh right now this video has only been out for 21 minutes and it already has 1.3k views…man mysticat is popular 😭
Great Video!
mewo
Wow Minecraft now:
😮
bro objMC is so cool!
Can a new sub, deserves a hearth?
Hello!
it was so funny watching you learn blender as someone whos known it for awhile now. AWESOME video, probably will try it myself if it works in bedrock (ik bedrock edition probably wont work but a man can dream cant he)
5:42 you gay !!???
YEAHHHH
21 mins ago
I am pretty good at blender, and I can confirm: We hate baking and find the SimpleBake plugin very convinient.
I love among us
mysticat needs to make a tutorial for this we want this bonkers mans tutorial  on this
were about to pass the point that the audience stops saying “woah” and begins saying “stop the witch!” awesome video btw
i love your nails
mewo (the description thing)
How was your macaroni?
i cant imagine what mysticat could do if he used coding instead of command block
🥓
WWWOOOOW
bro made the matrix
Mysticat i have a cat. mewo🎉
Meow
.
Bro... All of these videos ESPECIALLY this one is all VANILLA MC?!!!! insane guy.
710 liker  :p
Make  ideas from comments again. if u do here is an idea  Make 10 greek things (from today) and 10 from ancient Greece
im always happy when mysticat uploads <3
has anyone ever told you that you sound like nardwuar?
Mysticat vids are always bangers
Eiffeltiny
Why is there a Geometry Dash cube in Minecraft may i ask? And why the Steam special?
Can you make ChatGPT in Minecraft next?
E
does anyone know if shader shadows and lighting work on the models. i wonder if u can make it look like an entirely different game 💭
Realistic steve
I read the title like "I 3D scanned minecraft into real life" and i was like wtf
Cool.
Wait your wallet is awesome.
1:47 You're playing minecraft and after that you chose to check models, and right at the moment your mom comes and see your screen💀
Next up: Remaking the entire world in minecraft, but better.
V
lets go
Oh so you made companion cube? Now I expect the whole aperture science.
"I am in de basket! Please let me out..."
cool
Next video: I 3D Scanned Your Bedroom into Vanilla Minecraft(No Mods)
hi #
When the world needed him the most he came back
lol
trolololol like watching this man is every time insane <3
give me it
Another day,another smile on my face:) Edit:thank u Mysticat
Nahh bro his wallet and his wall😳😭💀 5:39
Hi
Amazing!
First
Holy golly god
A
Hi
Almost 2k visioners in 5 minutes
Mewo
I saw that Twilight picture there at 4:45.
Helli
Hiiiiiiiii
Mysticat you uploaded this video when I was about to go to bed now I have to watch it 😂❤
omg
I loaf ur coontents i'm sribed
whats next mysticat? you cloned mrbeast's soul into minecraft?
437 likes now😅
Portaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaal
I dare you to make a 3d pyramid in vanilla Minecraft (this should probably be easy for you lol)
keep up!!:)
1,4k vizionări until now😅
i am the 990th viewer
With the fact you can put ANYTHING into mine craft now.. We have to be careful and not listen to the intrusives thoughts…
Got here at 990 views
This is amazing buddy ❤️ Just next time try to scan the Boeing 737 engine while going 330 knots and crashing into the Pacific Ocean. Thanks 👍
Make a server with it 😂😅(it will be 1 of my favorite server)
in vanilla mc,, really shows how much you can do just in vanilla
How does this ALREADY have 350 views??!!
whaaa
Keep up the good work!
we love to see it!
yoo das so crazyy
My brain is catching on fire from this video
<3
dist guy is a Legend
These videos always blow my mind ❤
Cat funny code
*this is cursed on SO MANY levels… we need to make whole new level at this point*
Hey ho how are you doing Mysticat, a long time passt and I'm happy you have uploaded a new video
Mysticat is going to bring an AI that knows everything into vanilla Minecraft next 😂😂
how does this have 164 likes and only 36 views (from my pov rn)
Hello early gangs
Im fan pls
WE MUST GET THIS VIDEO MANY VIEWS!!!
hey
Hello :3
wow im here early
My PC is scared for its life
Early gang 👇
Hi Mysty :D
I'm finally early in a video
LOVE your videos mysti :)
Woo
yoo boy i like ur vids u cool
And first comment exept you
Hi
1
Noice
First comment
WHAT.
hi
Nice
Yeeeeeyyy, second person who give like😅😅😅😅
This is so cool
Please release more of your commands / datapacks for free
First
Wat
Wow this vid is so cool!!!
First 10s
whatttt
a
Bro…
the
First pin?
Lol
Halo
FIRST
Damn first
Hello
When the world needed him  he uploaded a video
First
30 sec gang
first
Yooo
Lar
great video!
Campers: 👇
Hi
Hi
How?
Subscribe and check out these INSANE creations in the new Minecraft Snapshot!!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-DL6FTysO8  models used: companion cube: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/companion-cube-47502a51b211475b9750b04b4b1dffc4 crate:https://www.cgtrader.com/free-3d-models/exterior/street-exterior/crate-e05d3cd6-66fa-4962-aaa0-4b5260f19382 car: https://www.cgtrader.com/items/3988707/download-page rock: https://www.cgtrader.com/free-3d-models/plant/other/rocks-2ef7b0fe-9a5e-45dc-867b-9a2076d3fb0d bbb: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/super-mario-64-bob-omb-battlefield-78db994daec94d9fb46f322e71eaca00 mario: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/my-super-mario-64-mario-render-6321fb63e1584a9aada5a2602e74dd8a trunk: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/realistic-tree-trunk-with-stones-872c9353fd7a4777b10e2f1bc09765d6 minion: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/minion-267d2f7ca67e461bb081b8b56344f741 shell: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/charonia-tritonis-sea-shell-77d9fb5af6fa4526bfdd45c565044287 wall: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/stone-font-gothic-fountain-photo-scan-6c246468dab04fba84083556fd55df11 rhino: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/model-56a-southern-white-rhino-8e97b62a90f44ce19ea9e3fd421f55b4 colosseum: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/roman-colosseum-ruins-f3d0e81ba9c5419a95bc522610738286 eiffel: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/eiffel-tower-in-paris-france-7aa4aca8892a422fa1e5cc9c465a42bc arch: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/tapp-street-arch-812a46dc08974d5aa3eac8cd95fe5bb4
