I’ll put all my money that new game plus has you unlocking Something to do with time travel. Like you can make larger jump that lock you into that point. Letting you play out the game from there.
BG3 is pretty damn amazing. Its not everybodys cup of tea though. As for Starfield,  I care less how long they have been developing Starfield or when they decided it was finally fun to play. Who cares as long as the launched game is good. Rushing something is dumb on all fronts. Look at Star Citizen... is that game ever going to launch or do they just love collecting crowd funding? YES YES, I know. They are building a very sophisticated game and all the tech they need isnt quite there yet. However there has to be a limit somewhere. They are making a game, not developing an actual intergalactic space craft.
New Game+ leads me to believe that the leveling system will be Skyrim-esque in a way where you can level up any skill any time and be good at everything.   Not huge on this because it takes away from molding your character with classic RPG attributes and classes. Hoping their comments on the character creation being more Oblivion-esque hold true or maybe this just means that your gear gets carried forward in a new playthrough. Can’t wait to find out regardless!
The one thing from FO4 i want them to keep is the voiced protagonist. This is one of the things that annoys me the most, when my character has no voice.  Amazing games would be a lot better with a well written and voiced character, like Dragon Quest XI, for example.  Other than that i am really looking forward for Starfield.
I think it's worth mentioning that they're embarrassed to show Fallout 76 in their videos, especially during the early reveals for Starfield, where they showed all the games under their belt, and then cut off Fallout 76 as soon as the "7" became visible. The last time they were confident in something, it backfired MASSIVELY. Not to compare Starfield to that garbage fire, though, it's just interesting to see them confident in a game after that.  I also want to say that a silent protagonist actually annoys me. I don't like my character being silent, it just makes them feel like a self-insert. RPG games do not need self-inserts as a protagonist. You need only look at the Witcher 3, where you are playing as THAT character, and not just a different flavor of yourself. It gets people out of their comfort zone at times, which can be good. But from a money standpoint, I get it, just wish they hadn't taken the silent protagonist route, as it just bugs me, probably more than it actually should.
plateaus = PLA-TOES (a as in apple)
Dude nice planets. :3
I hope the leveling is infinite or at least has a high level cap to justify new game +
Woke feminists are on their lead development, hard pass. This will be a guaranteed "beautiful disaster". Bethesda repeats itself yet again.
Im waiting for the first couple of days of reviews for starfield before I decide if I want to buy it or Baldurs Gate 3
Matty, please let us know if the invisible wall barreirs are true. I'm going into this game expecting to spend hundreds of hours exploring a planet. This news is bumming me out. Maybe it's my fault for having too high of an expectation from all the hype from Bethesda and YT content creators.
I can't really enjoy these videos knowing that you've been playing the game already.
i think starfield ending and the "new game +" and why that makes sense is going to be a take on the thought provoking short story 'The Egg' by Andy Weir
I will never understand why people want multiple provinces in any TES game. They still don't have cities the size of something out of Assassins Creed, why water down every province on a ridiculous scale? I mean they could make an Imperial City game double the size of Skyrim and still not make a full-fledged city for "the ultimate fantasy world simulator".  They should definitely focus on a single province and work to make it truly worthwhile.
You can jump in elden ring tho
Another great video, Matty! Have a quick question for for when it come to protagonists voices. What if "you" were the protagonists voice? Not like just in your head, but something like the A.I. mod for Skyrim where you actually talk to the characters and they can "talk back"? Do you think that would be an avenue that BGS might explore further for their upcoming games? Take care and stay safe, and have a videogames have taken me to places I never thought possible kind of day.
Good morning Matty, I would like to bring something to your attention. Did you know that if you have ordered the physical copy of Starfield and premium edition. You do not get the 5 day earlier access as they have advertised. So Bethesda has duped us into paying and extra 40 to 50 dollars for a metal case, a patch, and a small amount of DLC. The big selling feature was the 5 day early access. I have reached out to both Bethesda and GameStop to see what is going to be done. Bethesda has not replied. GameStop confirmed what I have stated and they are unwilling to do anything. So if you want the physical copy and early access (and have paid for it) you are S.O.L. I am deeply disappointed with Bethesda and GameStop.
Plateus. That like a Greek philosopher or something. Hue hue.
if this game is perfect after just 8 years. then the elder scrolls 6 should be mind blowing, even life changing. i hope old age doesn't get me before they release it.
This is “my one game” this year. I’ve bought other games, but they’re older.   Starfield better be good.
🥱🥱🥱🥱 Another "OMFG CAN'T BELIEVE THEy DUn THIS!?!?!"  The clickbait is real 🤡
“Since the early naughties” lol
Too bad it's not available for PlayStation. I'd get it.
interstellar ending most likely, you are the one who made the artifact and during new game plus you notice all the small things you left behind before during the journey.
I remember watching you when you were talking about fallout 4 before it even came out. Those were the days🥺
I gonna guess that the ending is open ended.
Stop overhyping this game
Whoever wrote that article wants to have sex with Todd Howard
Matty Gaslighting us talking about Starfield news 😂😫
Seriously though, why do so many people have a problem with the voiced character in F4? I get the part about the MC being a specific person for role play's sake, but what part about having your character voiced is an issue? If I'm gonna spend an hour making my unique character, I kinda want to hear that character during gameplay. I keep thinking back to Baldur's Gate 1 back in the day where part of your character creation was picking your character's voice from a list of choices. Where exactly is the controversy?
lmaoo i can't stop replaying you mispronouncing tousle! 😂 it's pronounced "TOSSle" like tossing a ball. 😭
I'm skipping buying the game.
I'm worried about ng+ I prefere having an end game of dynamic questing systems.
Great video high praise! I love the video, but my guy just said plateaus like that... 13:19
downtown boston in FO4 lacks significant polish for sure, either matty is being ignorant of this or the entire modding community is insane to think this game has so many issues.  geeze man, there are so many mods that allegedly fix the boston fps issues, and almost none of them fix the major fps issues in that section of the city, plus there are all kinds of hiccups all around the map and game crashes when you least expect it to.
My guess you go into a black hole and restart with bonuses
NG+ = either starting with your space magic OR alternate start.
11:55 No matt, you're right. It's great news. When i heard that they implemented new game + into starfield, i was very happy about it. Great decision by bethesda! 😊😊
Pete Hines was asked, "when I land on a planet.. will I be able to explore that whole entire planet?" His response to that was, "Yup, if you want. Walk on, brave explorer." The reality is that you can walk on UNTIL you hit an invisible boundary. This special defect in Starfield is a chastity belt for modders who want to add atmospheric flight into the game later.
Matty, Do you play Elder Scrolls Online? I know it's more Zenimax than Bethesda, but having a youtuber/influencer like you cover it from time to time could bring more new players. Just a thought.
Jeez...that Todd Howard gushing rant kinda takes away all the mystery of the author's sexual preferences....How the eff did an Editor let that shit stay in the article?  It's both borderline creepy and shockingly fanboi level tripe all at once.  I guess it's standard fare for GQ, but holy crap, that's a lot to take in.  I'm guessing Todd's goanna have that paragraph framed for a joke...
I've never had a glitch on a Bethesda game, at least on my first run through but they definitely have some major ones on almost all of em
Matty why aren’t we talking abt the fallout tv show trailer dropping with this too 👀
You know what, I've never experienced alot of bugs either, from their games.
I wonder if NG+ unlocks the "true" ending or things happen differently because you've seen it before
"Biggest game of the decade"  IT IS NOT EVEN PLANETS.  Just loading of flat maps that You have to imagine is the planet.  STAR CITIZEN , now that is planets.
Matty!! I've been watching you for years and I can't believe I went from watching your fallout 4 videos to watching your starfield videos. It's been a journey and I'll be there for elder scrolls my guy
I wonder if the endings change
When you wanted to be a writer and ended up writing game articles
I got the corrupted save from their game from fallout 3. Fallout Vegas  has great experience. Fallout shelter was fun for a while. Fallout 4 experience hated the story. It was a okay experience. Couldnt finish the game. I dont like janky games when i am metal gear solid fan. When i know characters can be more human like in movement. I watched the starfield leak that looked so janky and they still have the same dumb faces and fake looking hair thar looks like its going to pop off. The way it starts like every fallout game is a disappointment. Starfield dialog was definitely skippable in the beginning.
My expectations are always 0% the last 10 years, words don't fill holes so I go into something with 0% expectations then every game is fun i don't care of expected i just game , will like it or not like it .
Did Matty suggest Witcher 3, 2015, launched near Skyrim, 2011? Maybe I'm misunderstanding.
Pla-tee-us? It's Pla-toes. (13:22)
I hope ES6 let’s you travel to all the locations they’ve made already, like make a new location, but be able travel back to Skyrim , Oblivion and so on!!
This man needs some rest lol
I hope the story for starfield is about first contact with another alian civilisation, if not, this will be very boring to fight other human faction.
Imagine, after 8 more years, if we get yet another universe as a SF2, compatible with the SF1 savegame? Would be something 😉
Bugs wasnt the Big thing for me in fallout online. It was the online bit. I want to curl up in my sofa after work not needed to care about other people (many being assholes). I hated 76 for the multiplayer shit they added to my fav singleplayer game. Dont do that Bethesta. Just simply. Dont.
You didn't like 76 cause your selfish  You don't care to hang with the people and play. You're a lil brat who needs his own .  I hope we cross paths someday  You wannabe kids lllolll
It would be impossible for ES6 to be all of Tamriel. Important cities in Skyrim have different architecture, times that by 9 for every capital of every country. Then you have your Whiteruns and the Morthols and Riftens where they have unique buildings and factions. Then there is the ancient history like tombs.
Matty probably playing the game immediately after he recorded this video
"Starfield can't hit 30FPS on series x with FSR" according to the leakers, and the story like the movie "Interstellar" with time travel human from the future... no wonder Nvidia didn't put DLSS in Starfield..., it's going to be worst than star wars on PC...
You get a new game + bugs
I see those dark circles 😂😂 guess the game good huh?
It would be interesting for a NG+ to have a twist at the end of the base game and that you can act on now knowing that in the ng+. For example, the organization you’re working with is being lead by an evil shadow organization that you learn about at the end, but now knowing this you can join that organization in ng+ because you learned how to in the first play through.
New game plus, after you complete the main story you are able to traverse a black hole to start the game over whenever you want. You go alone but get to take your ship and bring anything on it with you. They can explain it out somehow.
My guess is the new game plus will work like the legendary mode in the borderlands games
People are going to be so disappointed 🤣
Sad we wont get a voiced character. I loved it Mass Effect and DA:I. I always like those franchise but voiced MC made it so much better to me. But I'll still give Starfield a try.
Plateaus
Geralt is probably THE most recognisable characters in all RPGs.. so naturally he needs a voice. But BGS doing completey different player characters.. they are no-names in the game world.. or rahter.. you want to give them a name.. so they dont need that recognisable voice. Anyways.. i just hope Starfield is good..
Absolutely agree with the kind of disappointing writing for Fallout 4. This is my biggest fear for Starfield.
I am going to go full social media blackout after august 30th.. i want to hear nothing.
I think the new game plus "twist" is that you go bcak in time to the game's start
A voiceless main character is fine, as long as it’s choice of lines of text like Baldurs Gate 3 or Bethesda previous games were you talk role-play/imagine who your character sounds.  But if it’s like the Fable or Division where you character stands there while everyone talks at you or around you like your a simple minion, that’s a terrible un-immersive experience.
Seems like GQ got payed from the game pass money
I feel like the new game plus is something to do with black holes, as Todd wouldn’t talk about them with kinda funny games and now they can’t talk about it because it’s to do with the main quest. Just seems to be very JJ Abrams’s Star Trek and I’m down for it be a great twist on new game plus you go through the black hole and you travel back in time to the start of the game🤞🏻🔥
17:28 I would lose my mind if TES VI is the entirety of Tamriel.  The Starfield engine certainly should be able to handle it.
I have never ran into these "Bugthesda" glitches that breaks the game.  And I have 3000+ hours in Skyrim.
Wait, did I miss something? You're not going to say ANYTHING about the fact that there is a race of aliens called Terrormorphs in the game? Last I heard, they hadn't even confirmed the presence of sentient aliens in the game yet.
I really don’t think new. Game+ means a whole lot. It’s honestly become extremely standard for most RPG games. Even the new Final Fantasy game had it.  It doesn’t really mean anything it simply just means they added it because they know most gamers will want it.
whats up with all this clickbait man there is no damn preview its all wealready knew
Es6 will 100 percent have ai npcs to talk to
new game plus in this game sounds like you keep everything and it just resets all the quests
I just wonder if there are Space Mammoths from all those giants sending them flying back in Skyrim 😏
We ought to make fanfics of ourselves :P  Let's start with Matty being secretly a superhero!  In all seriousness, as Cyberpunks slang goes these psychofans will invent anything even about their favorite rockstar. As for comparing RPGs I feel again it is comparing dick sizes.
Ehhh... Viking: Battle For Asgard had amazing battles and wars for a game released 2008.   I don't think it was technology that limited Skyrim it was ambition and wasn't their main focus like ES6 might be.
It went from it just works to it just happens lol aka procedural generation
Look at the eye bags this guy has he has been playing starfield non stop. 😂😂
I.can’t.wait.to.play.this.friggin. Game….!
I just started my download… I’ve been looking forward to this. Also NG+ may be exactly what many have rumored, a “No Man’s Sky” galaxy center restart. In NMS when you reach the center of the galaxy it basically kicks you into NG+ with your ship and items. It may be a sort of optional thing. I guess we will see.
NG+ may just be a game mechanic or maybe a use of the idea of multiple dimensions which is crazy. And space and time travel for your character. Also anyone else interested in looking for a planet with intelligent life, maybe like the ancients in Mass Effect?!
BGS release games extremely slowly, with huge changes between games. Frankly, I wish that they had more games like New Vegas. New Vegas used fo3's engine and assets and updated and expanded them for a new game. They didn't try to reinvent the wheel. It wasn't 20 years between games in the series. I would absolutely love to have a completely new game using the fo4 engine, or even if they had put out multiple games using the Skyrim engine.  You'll have a hard time finding anyone saying that New Vegas was not worth making. I just wish that they used that model more often.
My best guess for the NG+ is that at the end of the main story you finally complete the artifact and it both gives you the magic powers we saw at the end of the trailer and sends you back in time (since we saw it looks like a spinny portal thing).  Maybe that's how you level up the magic, you do more loops?  I worry that might get repetitive (Outer Wilds did a time loop well, Deathloop less so) since this doesn't really sound like the kind of game that would work well with repeated loops.  But maybe they'll find a way.  Certainly it could be a lot of fun if it's *not* repeated loops, but just one jump back "now play again but with superpowers" where the main story is a bit different the second time around too.  Sort of an extended prologue.
Nobody told us when you land, it creates a 30mile square of map around your ship....and you can't leave the map. To explore further you have to re-land and reroll another map.
Dont mind the voiced protagonist. I just would like to have different options for the voice😅
That GQ articles opening was writen by ChatGPT
I never had any of the major bugs most folks talked about when it comes to Bethesda games, Fallout 76 included. I did have bugs, don't think I'm saying I had 0. But I've really loved everything they've released since I played Morrowind.
It would be sick if some alien race invaded once the credits roll, kind of like reaching WT5 in "The division 2," where you then have to deal with the Black Tusk faction all over the map with new enemies and mechanics.
Me getting starfield ad before this
Game looks like hot garbage. Spider-Man 2 and Phantom Liberty will be better.
Did no one see his little "ive been playing this game for like a week" wink hahaha thanks bro
New game plus honestly has me hyped
how did you just pronounce plateaus?
Unfortunately I stopped supporting Bill Gates and all his companies... You wont have games in 20 years if you support Microsoft now or they will all be multiplayer with lootboxes and mobile games... They LITERALLY said themselves that is their ultimate goal is to make gaming into all multiplayer and mobile gaming and they also hate retro games and physical discs and any way to play and preserve old games .... Sony has admitted they also do not like retro/preservation and made fun of people that play old games just fyi on that point.. Im not scared to call out Sony too but they dont have an agenda like Microsoft nor are an ACTUAL THREAT to gaming like Microsoft is if you understand what is happening.... If microsoft bought out Sony & Nintendo today, gaming would collapse and without indies still being developed would dissapear completely...  You can look up Microsoft saying this and writing this down as goals several times over, they have said it multiple times...  And Bill Gates is in bed with the WEF and also talks about an orwellian dystopian future just "in general" as an ultimate goal of his... he wants people to eat bugs and sleep in pods, its not even a conspiracy this is all real and again if they could they would do it tomorrow and they may be able to in the future so I DONT support Microsoft or woke companies or ANY of these Marxist companies, i stick to Sony & Nintendo and other Japanese and good American companies....  Supporting Microsoft in 2023 is like buying games from George Soros and supporting him... I might buy Starfield and a few games and they might have good games but you really really should try to support and fund better companies.. Especially if you actually do LOVE gaming and want it to last at a high competitive level for years to come....
I don't care what they "claim" they claim a lot of stuff that hasn't been true in the past. I'll believe it when I see it now what people say.
I'm litterally gunna unsubscribe to every person who exposes this game..I now know like every main character in the game and basically what u can do in the game and I'm just annoyed lol. I have a habit of reading the names of the videos  that say too much. For me atleast. Im trying to go into this with no info but its too late 😢 how do u ppl enjoy the exposure of the game? It's like someone telling u what happens in a movie before u watch it.
havent seen you since I was cyberpunk'd I really thought that was the next "thang" maybe starfiled hopefully not starsquill
I don't understand the hate on voiced protagonists.  Plenty of games do it well.  GTA, RDR, ME, D:BH, etc.  My only problem with FO4 was just that the performance (especially by the male protag) were really weak.
Hey matty, is it hard or weird to pretend to wonder what starfield will be like since you're playing it and do actually know ?
Im really glad to hear you speak up and offer your honest experiences regarding bugs while playing bethesda titles. I feel there is a lot of over exageration regarding that issue... Maybe i am just lucky like you but i have never had these crazy game breaking bugs like people have described. I have played oblivion through fallout 4 on release day and the most ive had is just silly bugs and glitches that every game has.  Thanks for standing up against the popular opinion regarding "bugthesda" games lol
Matty your enthusiasm is contagious buttttt we have to check ourselves. As much I love Bethesda games.. I will never forget what they told us to our face with fallout 76 and later turned out to be all lies. Never forget what Todd Howard did on that stage knowing full well the game was in a complete mess.
my friend who doesnt play a ton of video games has said it would be disappointing to see ES6 not be the entirety of tamriel, i thought he was asking for too much and that at most we would get hammerfell and highrock, im starting to come around on it and think it would be at least possible, just hope with these bigger BGS games we dont lose the hand crafted dungeons and quests of the past. Wars would be cool, if we can go off of the tech from starfield id predict sailing being a big feature, possibly get access to the whole world of nirn including akivir finally. this is most likely todds last elder scrolls game so i expect some super ambitious things from it.
It's just NG+ nothing that big imo. They probably did it because the game has a set "end" to which you cannot really keep going but put NG+ in so people could keep going after if they wanted. NG+ is rarely really story related and never very exciting.
Clickbait thumbnails and titles are really getting old
Great information.  I was wondering if anyone has seen interviews or read any any articles  with NASA's PR team regarding Starfield?  Most of the gaming media only want interviews with the developers, but Bethesda had to have a astrophysicist or a consultant from NASA in order to simulate how a star system would realistically look, and get an idea of how a planet's composition would look and feel around certain stars. .   How come none of the gaming media has tried to talk to whoever that person was??  I personally would find it very insightful in what to expect from the game, or just insight into how close to the actual models Bethesda was able to simulate.
ill say it just once , cyberpunk phantom liberty is taking the cake , starfield will just be nice but not epic
Also, like Daggerfall, TES 6 may choose to focus on the Iliac Bay region, encompassing two whole provinces and a massive Bay in between them, which would assumably be one of their largest projects if they expanded further on the density and verticality they used in Skyrim.
I have been hyped for this game more then i was for BG3. Andi have not been this hyped for a game since Fallout New Vegas or Elder Scrolls Oblivion. Donnie Brasco, is a great mafia movie about a guy going under cover in the mafia.. Quite violent though like many movies were through out the 70s. 80s and 90s.
Im on the west coast i get to play at 5pm on August 31st and i have 4 days off im fuckin ready!
Absolutely loved the Godd Howard bit in the article. It's just something we have to keep doing at this point, there's no other choice. We all know he's just some nerdy guy who climbed his way to the top through dedication and hard work. Who now has to be very careful about what and when he says anything regarding his projects. Todd is chill.
How people are anything but skeptical blows my mind
The frozen WHAT of Europa?? Matty lmao
Might be a hot take but im more interested  in stalker 2 then Starfield  it just looks like fallout  in space im expecting a 7 out of 10 game  oddly
I believe this is the first time I’ve heard that there with be alien species you will be fighting…I have only seen the creatures in previous videos please tell there’s talking green chicks!
cant wait to see you play with 10 fps
Wink in your next vid if starfield is good 😅
Starfield; Whole universe to explore Elder Scrolls 6: whole tamriel to explore Fallout 5: all of america to explore!
Yeah, I truthfully hardly ever experience any bugs in Bethesda games. I don’t really recall any in fo4, maybe I saw some goofy stuff or whatever, minor little things but nothing ever really like the bug montage videos. Same with skyrim. The only thing I can think of which I don’t know if it broke or I was dumb but at launch doing the blood on the ice quest I couldn’t figure out what to do after I got into the abandoned house. Not sure if something didn’t trigger properly or I missed something. After an update it did seem work, I’m still not 100% sure. The flying in the air when killed by a giant is considered a bug but people love it cause it’s funny. Maybe other unknown things that never worked. Like cyberpunk with some perks not working. Even cyberpunk, my experience was virtually flawless until the end when the audio broke. The most issues I’ve ever experienced in a game was Jedi survivor. Constant crashes and stutters, but generally I guess I’m pretty lucky when it comes to bugs in games
3:35 For some reason, journalists, especially gaming ones, these days feel the need to deviate from what they're supposed to write about.
My personal opinion is GQ doesn't understand what New Game Plus is and they got it wrong.
GQ naming the Aliens is something i dont think we ever heard
Currently playing everspace 2,nms and divinity original sin 2 to hold me over until starfield drops im looking forward to being a space pirate
Ive always wanted a really good incentive in NG+, So for starfield, id really like new quests, new armor, or maybe (and probably more likely) a new selection of dungeons that get spread across the planets.
I know we should be focusing on starfield cause, you know, its the game coming out. But given what all theyre doing with starfield, i cant wait to see what all they do for FO5! I love starfield, cant wait for it to come out, but how do they top starfield in terms of the Fallout games?
No coöp and no multiplayer, only old lonely men will play games without any social interaction like this, sad. Couldve bin a great game to explore with friends.
To be honest as I see it since the thesda started with their games I believe that all the other games were tinkering process because in an article that I read this game idea and concept has been 25 years in the making not just ate but 25 years and I believe that all the Bethesda games that they have made are precursors to Starfield because if you really look at the game you have the flexibility and voice check markers and all sorts of things like Fallout would have mostly New Vegas not to mention that you have a western setting which obviously relates to New Vegas in the Mojave idea and then you have other places that are high-speed and Technical win places that observing technology and stuff like that I mean these ideas and all these character Creations right down to the very stories are very similar but it's like they took in all the pieces from all their other games and have dumped it into a game called star field where the possibilities are absolutely endless so I mean if you really want to look at it in that way this game is their Crown Jewel this is the game that they've dumped their heart and soul into it
Your artwork hanging on the wall is crooked fyi.
Omg I’m so excited to play this! BGS games you can literally play for a long time with all the different possibilities man! I can’t wait for your review Matty. Because I just know that video is going to be full of energy and excitement. I really can’t wait to hear your thoughts man!
I've been playing Bethesda games since Daggerfall, and I've never once compared Bethesda's writing to other RPGs because it's always been very obvious that story/plot just has never been the area that they spend the most time and money on. They have always been great with lore, worldbuilding, and ever since full 3D graphics got great- environment design. They're great at creating a world that feels lived in and giving you options to pick a role you want to play in that world. That's what they do better than any other 3rdperson/1stperson RPG.  I think they're taking a step back from Fallout 4 in some ways and trying to find the sweet spot between all the differences in FO3,FO4, and elderscrolls 3,5 & 5 - while still innovating within their design, like do in most of their games. I think this because Todd has said on more than one occasion that he wants to try and bring back some of the complexity that's been lost since coming to full 3D, which seems to pertain to the scope of their world and procedural generation tools, and hopefully this also hints at some RPG systems getting some more depth like Morrowind (wishful thinking, but custom abilities or even some amalgamation between Morrowind and Skyrim's leveling systems would be a welcome change from Fallout 4's system, which was practically Far Cry or something, just perks and nothing else.)
CDPR always has superior writing
The modding scene excites me most for this game. 3-5 years from now, some modder will have populated and entite planet.
And one other thing... now hear me out... we know that Starfield is messing with Time and Space... what if the NG+ has you slip back in time to the beginning of the game with the knowledge you gained prior...? What do you guys think?
Dude... I never even considered ES VI being ALL of Tamriel...!!! With what they are doing with Starfield and the 1,000 planets, I think it is quite plausible. I remember Todd saying in and interview that Elder Scrolls VI will likely be his last Elder Scrolls game... so why not go all out and create all of Tamriel?! It would honestly be the greatest send off for Todd!
The only thing I'm mad about is the fact I can't do a assassination animation in Star Field
Come one, man, you're way better than this. Clickbait shit doesn't suit your style but that's just my opinion.
I might have to steal my daughters Xbox or buy my own.
I really hope the gun game is better than all their other games.
Ng+ will probably belike for fallout4s tons of endings so you dont have to restart completely
Am I the only one who finds it weird that Marty’s talking about all this stuff as if he doesn’t know if it’s true or not?! Lol it’s so…. Idk. Not “cringe” or silly, but like “peculiar” lol. On the plus side, I think it’s safe to assume that everything he says in this video is accurate about the actual game, cuz I doubt he would say things like “hopefully the game is blah blah blah” if it wasn’t actually that. And based on his energy and tone, I think it’s very likely that he loves the game.
Plateau is pronounced plat-toe my friend, we all learn new things everyday! Good content.
I hate when people use "punk". Steam punk, cyber punk, nasa punk  Stfu with the punk
Skyrim is great, but it's still far from Oblivion or even Morrowind before that. The leveling system and the skills were so much better in those games, I loved all the attributes and how they were tied with the skills, Skyrim was a huge let down in that aspect for me, it's such a shame they droped that, but understandable, it's all about dumbing down for a larger audience these days. I hope TES 6 will be better in that way
Dude you're lying..
I wanted to come back to this video just to say how weird that random Todd Howard fanfic was. Who ever wrote that article just buy the guy dinner and get a room already geez
Id rather you just not talk about Starfield than to pretend that you havent played it...lmao
Looking good, Matty
Hey Matty! Where can we hear mote about the game your working on? Super excited for this!
The game looks mid to me
In regards to ES6, I'm wondering if Todd wants to make the game as big as possible as if he wants to go out with a bang. And yeah I'm talking about him retiring from Bethesda.
NG+ at launch caught my attention  as well its NOT a standard launch option for a game at all and has me wondering what they are upto
it's pronounced : pla-toe
Dude I laughed my ASS off at the Todd Howard description
Todd Howard definitely wrote that..
The Game+ is big to me it may completely change how I go about my character and gameplay.
I really hope TESVI doesn’t have the procedural mapping. It wouldn’t make as much sense. If they want to make the game bigger, let us explore the different realms of oblivion and make those procedurally created. The overworld should stay fixed.
So, something I took away from the 12 quests in 45mins comment... Not to be a downer, but if that's 12 *completed* quests in 45 mins... those are rather short, no?
No full planets in game for Starfield.
Hi Matty, 31.08 your review will drop, but will it contain any spoilers? I would like to go into this game without any knowledge about mechanics or story.
The frozen what's of Europa ? 😂
What if the NG+ is a result of the ending of the story with the end of the story resulting in a time loop... Maybe similar to deathloop where you find out more and more about the story each time, leading to the ultimate ending?
phil spencer himself said that starfield had a release date of fall 2021. so those delayed are old news tbh
I just want to know two things! This is a full single player journey or i need to be online? Second, can i name a planet when i find!?
I didn’t get a ton of bugs just a ton of jank
I don't get the quest thing. 45 minutes for gaining 12 quests seems like BGS standard.
How do they eat Oreo's in Starfield? Also, I swear Raphael is crooked on that back wall.
1:45 'Fuck' yeah.
By the time ES6 comes out AI NPCs will be the norm, so I expect that in ES6
Raphael is crooked lol. Great vid!
Its interesting for me. Witcher 3 was clearly an amazing game, but I just hated the combat gameplay so much that I couldn't finish the game after multiple tries. For me, the Mass Effect trilogy is the only game(s) that executed brilliant gameplay and story interaction. I could only imagine a game made with CDPR's stories and Bethesda's adventure mechanics....
Personally I loved it being voiced in Fallout 4, I would've loved to see it in Starfield. I get why people don't like it, but it could've been good as an optional thing since the work was put into it anyway.
They claimed FO76 was polished and ready for launch. So I take anything Todd says with a mountain of salt. I had a lot of issues with quest bugs in FO3/4 and Skyrim so I'm totally expecting bugs. I'm just hoping most of it works. I can forgive some bugs if there is a game to play underneath it.
I Feel like it going to be like cyberpunk it wouldn’t be a good game at launch but then it might
Matty looks like he hasn’t gotten much sleep in a week. Definitely logging irresponsible amount of hours in Starfield
Fallout The Elder Skyrim: Starfield.
To be fair, "bugs" don't just mean characters falling thru the floor. Insert Skyrim potion brewing glitch, FO4 duplication glitch with dogmeat, etc.
Dont have to be dialog rpg wise as good as BG3 but it damn has to be an rly great adventure. And i hope not as locked in as Skyrim was... Im stoked to soon play the game but even if im worried about two things that looked weak; Lockpicking and leveling up system. Hopefully they have fleshed it out or is not as ive seen it. Also the xp gain marker constantly shown under the sight looks a bit tedious "in the way" to watch but a minor issue i guess
Man these click bait titles and thumbnails
You seem to be really liking the gaem you were playing these days,i can see it in your eyes.
Please post a link so those of us who prefer to read things for ourselves can and give them credit for their work. Thank you.
yes, yes, "voiced protag bad, except for these top selling rpgs." role and voice tone go hand in hand, if your PC VA, dialogue, directions suck, the PC voice is going to suck. It isn't automatically considered bad because a game has a voiced protag, just as it isn't an "anomaly" for the voiced protag being good.
5:36 the fact that they compared it to red death 2
Just 5 days away for early access 😎 I'm playing on my Series X
All of Tamriel is worthy
lol dude I love how you say truth and not just jump on the mob/hive mentality of "omg lol bugthesda" just to fit in with a bunch of degenerates that don't know their own ass from a hole in the ground.
The artifact probably creates a time loop.
sounds like hes havign a wank over todd howard lol
Thank you for pushing on Matty! I found you while looking for FO4 content and been here since. I’m ready to embark on this next adventure. Stay well, and keep being you my guy.
i ordered ine of cdkeys, got the  early edition for 65 pounds  20 quid cheaper so got it while i still could, but not getting my new pc till the 8th lol
I don`t get the argument that BGS games has not been a buggy experience for certain individual, literally anyone I know that play these games has experienced plenty of Bugs, I can count at least a dozen in Skyrim and another dozen in Fallout 4, do I need to mention 76?  It`s always been a buggy experience, one way or another, since the games are so massive.
I hope Starfield is a home run in every way, but the game I want to play at the end of the day is ES6.
I imagine the Terrormorphs are leftover UC alien bioweapons from the Colony war. There's a reason they were banned, and they're still knocking around.  Just like explosives from our World Wars.
Game of the Year is like Highlander...  There can only be one!
New game plus is overrated gimmick no one wants to replay a 100hour rpg a second time no thank you lol
3:47 this guy is super glazin about Todd Howard... I got 2nd hand embarrassment... If even Matty thinks ur over the top about Todd, u are
I am thoroughly unimpressed by all of these generic journalist sounding talking points...   We worked on it for 8 years!... But it kinda only got fun last year so pretty much you know we have been doing nothing for most of that...  You can go there and land on that moon! However you have to do a cutscene instead of planet to space flight Which is something you can do in like 5 other space games...  45 minutes and I managed to get 7 quest! I'm assuming that they were in one of the few and far between whiterun sized cities so that means they scrambled for 45 minutes trying to find anything and everything not actually doing side quest and only managed to get 7 quest.
I’m so excited to dive into Starfield. As much as I want to see Matty’s review, and some others, once I can actually fire the game up myself I’m going to stay off YouTube for a few days while I play and see for myself.
I want ng+ to just be an integrated alternate start mod. Im sure its a pipe dream, but thats what id like.
I think Starfield will be a good game. But im not getting  GOY Vibes..  8 years of development   and Spider-Man 2 only took a few years and they managed to drop Miles Morales in between the time..🤷‍♂️
I really don't agree with what you said about TES6. Starfield lets them focus on breadth, but TES games have always been about lore and depth. TES6 will, I guarantee you, be received much better if it's a single province with hundreds of quest lines, dungeons, factions, people, etc.
Matty embodies what all gamers want in a YouTuber/reviewer, with his SEA BLUE EYES and his luscious locks. The only sign that he is human and not a mythical being is his sudden loss of balance at times.
I am on the verge of if i should get the premium edition or not , i think i will wait a bit and test the game on gamepass then i can get dlc later if i like it  The 5 day access is nice but is a single-player game no rush for me.
I don’t like men, but damn, Matty is a handsome guy 😂
Bethesda lie.  That aren’t good with telling the truth
Haha, wow, someone at GQ got a massive man crush on Todd. That was amazing to read, lol. But I imagine it must be hard to be reviewing the game while making preview videos and only being able to talk about what's been publicly approved by Bethesda. I know quite a few content creators who are not even bothering to try to make previews, so thank you for this video!
Our journey is about to begin 😁
Bg3 sucked lol this is coming from someone who 100% achieved it on steam. Starfield will blow it out of the water.
No PlayStation to hold them back this time.  Bethesda games(skyrim, fallout 3&NV, fallout 4, oblivion) have always played best on pc and xbox.
Idk matty is it worth it👀👀👀👀
All Matty has to do is start the video with a mug of tea, sip it, & talk about how incredible the “tea” was using words like… tasty, out of this world, incredible, best tea ever, massive flavor profile… you should all buy this tea immediately & treat yourselves… stuff like that before moving on to talking about starfield like he hasn’t been playing it all week
Too long.
What i find funny is that noone is talking about the 100$ you have to pay for the early access! Greed in its finest.
Tbh I’m in the same boat. Countless hours on BG games and I can’t even count on 1 finger how many times I’ve had “BGS Bugs” 🤣. It was always more of the jank. Their games were alwyas janky with a hint of charm to it
Imagine elder scrolls six brings Morrowind, Oblivion, Skyrim and a new game together as one big dragon break ending the series with Todd Howard retiring at 90 years old when the game releases
What you said about ES6 is what I've been saying since we found out the scope of Starfield. I can't imagine them making ES6 smaller in scope than a new IP, given that it's their baby. So much love goes into that franchise that they have to find a way to match or surpass Starfield.
Anyone feel nervous the fact that there’s a new game plus? The great thing about a Bethesda game is that you can still live in the world post main story, a new game plus kind of implies the isn’t much to do. Seem very strange.
Haven't they been super confident about every release?
Voiced protagonist never works with a Bethesda game, you play who you want or yourself. Witcher you still play Geralt and ME you play shepherd never who you want.
great video as always man
Does anyone know if the “1000 planets” number includes the moons as well? Since moons are technically not planets. If not, that would mean that there is over 1000 areas to explore?
I always worry about a game that has taken so long to make perfect. It certainly has my interest.
Not sure about the Tom cruise comparison 😂😂. Fairer comparison is Steve Jobs or Peter Molyneux, proper snake oil sales man 😂
They might go full blown VR experience hoping that by the time it will become more popular and wide spread... I don't care about classic phantasy games (Thus neither ES6). Don't know how I would feel about them doing that with Fallout. Hopefully Obsidian makes another Fallout game before ES6 comes out.
New game plus is something games don't launch with? Bro what are you smoking? FF16 launched with new game plus and most other games that warrant a New Game plus come with one.
I've been playing Tears of the Kingdom since it released. So my expectations are pretty high but if it's 90% as good as Zelda I'll probably be satisfied.
Regarding Todd Howard comment, you forget that GQ is a men's style magazine, not a gaming magazine.
8 PM ET August 31st can't get here fast enough.
I recently rebooted MassEffect Andromeda just to get starfield vibes going. Surprisingly good game. So excited for release!
Bethesda has never really been about exceptionally written storylines. In my view, Bethesda has been the master of world-building. Writing plays a part in world-building, but the focus is different.
Gotta be honest - I dont play Bethesda-games primerely for the story - thats said; if Starfield dont present at least have a decent story, thats gonna stand out like a sore thumb next to BG3.
Bro was worried about spoiling a 16 year old game 💀💀
Bro u know the answers of your questions 😂
I really want this game to be great and fully polished, with some bugs of course. Xbox has not had a good track record in recent history with first party titles so they need to release a banger to show it’s possible.   I want Starfield to be what Halo Infinite should’ve been, it needs to be the standard for Xbox, not the exception.
Just a reminder if the game did really suck matty wouldn't share that with us he would give it a 8/10 play a diffrent game and get the who is a good boy? Email from bethesda
I feel like this video is packed with hints
Bro every game I have RN I don't wanna play, it's leaving me unsatisfied since I heard about Starfield I don't wanna wait a week but I know this game is gonna be worth waiting a little longer
How hard is it to hold back your excitement knowing what the game is actually like? I didnt expect any videos for a week
New Game + could be time travel. At least that’s where my mind goes first
The only time Ive ever had any real issues with bugs in a bgs game it was because of a Mod. Coming from someone whos been playing their games since Daggerfall
I love the description calling this article a semi fan-fic ahah was this GQ article posted from tumblr?
Matty has already 100% Starfield and is 30+ hours into NewGame+ already..... 👀🔥🥃
Matty has already 100% Starfield and is 30+ hours into NewGame+ already..... 👀🔥🥃
Plat-O Matty, jeez 😅
I thought Cyberpunk 2077 did the voiced protagonist thing very well. I have no idea if that's a popular opinion or not.
Interesting time for starfield to release. It will be the last game to explore the possibility of extraterrestrial life before we make contact later this year.
On the subject of voiceless protagonists. By the time ES6 comes out. The way AI is going with the voice chat generation. I mean, that will change all that. I can't wait. We will be choosing the voice, gruffness, pitch, and accent. Will be awesome!
When I saw that Todd said "Ultimate Fantasy world simulator" I immediately thought of Daggerfall and I was so excited. I seriously hope they go that route. And not just with a giant open world. I want some of the bigger sim stuff from Daggerfall to come back.
My favorite days are the ones in which you release a new video just in time for my morning business before the start of the day. Keep up the great work, man.
wait, Matty's making a game??? How come he never mentions it?!?!?!?!
I'm sure 12 quests in 45 minutes is not an exaggeration. Once, in Skyrim, I farted in the woods and a mission started.
Hope YouTube servers are ready for that demand when embargo is lifted lol
Im sorry...I heard New Game Plus and now I need a new pair of pants.
In the Witcher, the voiced protagonist works, because Gerald of Riviera is a realized character. When someone is playing their own self insert, or self made character in an RPG, it’s impossible for developers to  create a voice that will fit. Because Gerald is an actualized character developers have the option to voice him in games
I agree with the bugs part too. All i ever got was valentine doing the moonwalk and thats about it tbh lmao Never had allot of the issues others seem to have so i was blessed by Todd. On the part of getting their game right and the delays after xbox took over speaks miles about how xbox gives them more time compared to zenimax who just wanted dollar signs
On Jedi Survivor, beyond having to limit my FPS to 45 to avoid stutter, I didn't have any issues except for one CTD.  I ran it on ultra, native 4k no DLSS or FSR needed.  It was great
GQ? Are you ducking serious?
Game of the decade in my books
I’m optimistic about elder scrolls. I don’t think it’s going to take as long as Starfield because it’s not a new ip. They’re not starting from scratch. Is it still going to take some time? Yeah without a doubt but I don’t think it’s going to take nearly a decade. Probably half that. This was all to update the technology to make the elder scrolls Todd Howard has always wanted to make after all.
I also haven’t had any of the bugs people have showed 😂, couple weird things here and there but not more or less than anything else I’ve played at launch
When i first read the article i actually had to stop and double check it was a legit article and not something fan made when it started to deacribe Todd 😅 it was borderline uncomfortable haha
AC Odyssey with Cassandra as the protagonist has awesome voice acting!! :)
'The brand new stuff' that came out days ago and has been talked about since? I know you're sick but cmon bro.
When will you stop with with the baits ? For God sake ? Such a gloom and doom all the time.
No, your not the only one who hasnt experienced few to no bugs in their games. The only reason why I ever saw bugs in my Bethesda games were because I used too many mods. And modders, as much as they can help a game, can also totally fuck up a game so that its completely broken. Especially early modders, like when Skyrim came out. So many mods didnt work with one another and they rarely if ever did any extensive testing to see if they'd jive with other mods. I never finished Skyrim because of mods. No matter what I did, even reinstalling windows and every game I had, I could not get rid of the mod that must have fucked up something integral to the game, cos it never ran right again. But as far as bethesda, no, I never got the bugs that other people would complain about.
Other than fallout 76 I haven't cared about the bugs tbh they have been more funny than anything most times 😅
Was it really in june? My god this year us flying by
8:35 Larian had to move the announced BG3 release date to avoid clashing with Starfield, with many people writing-off BG3 around April (including presumably, Bethesda). So it's not a curse, it was a choice. I am looking forward to Starfield, but Bethesda will get little sympathy from me if Starfield's story is unfavorable compared to BG3. It won't be due to bad luck, but hubris.
Saying this is Bethesda's most polished game means nothing it's like saying her fart smells better than yours. I love your passion Matty but it's heart breaking as well. It's bethesda we're talking about bro
Sounds like the GQ article is a puff piece
You're  making a game??? 😮
Matty trying to pretend he isn't 80 hours in. 🤣
Matty, love your take. Subbed. Just 6 sleeps to go!! OMFG!
Hell bethesda, just make all of Nirn for ES6 😂
New game plus, that mean no more console command?
Can't help but laugh when Marty acts like he hasn't played it yet and acts surprised lmao
You can look at Matty & tell Starfield got my boy pulling all-nighters.
Have to put in my 1 cents, for whatever that's worth. I loved fallout 3, but for me it was a letdown too. The world of the original fallouts (1 & 2) felt more real, better thought out.. if you were trying to imagine what would life be like in a mad max post apocalypse, the original fallouts were much closer for me. I say that and of course it had wildly mutated alien animals and other crazy shit, but the human civilization and its problems seems relatively grounded to me. Fallout 3 had that grounded feel, but to a much lesser extent. To me the world never felt as believable or grounded so I was never as invested. Honestly what I am hoping for is a story like Morrowind (best Bethesda game ever) an intricate web of interconnected factions all with believable motivations and agendas all working towards their own goals, for their own reasons. Morrowind was also very grey, a lot of he said she said, his word against hers and you choose who you believe, often never knowing who was telling the truth, NPC's lied and if you invested enough in speechcraft your character could tell when someone was lying. The world of Morrowind was also deep and murky, you pieced together organically what was really happening from things people told you, things you read in books, things people were doing or asking you to do, nothing was black and white, nothign was absolute, there was no "good guy." As much as I loved the writing, the gameplay in Morrowind was bad... For me the gameplay in Fallout 4 was much more fun. I loved scouring the waste picking up stuff to build my "towns," was it immersive or realistic, no, not in the slightest, but it was fun, and while the gunplay was certainly not borderlands good, it was definitely the best gunplay that Bethesda has ever done. I guess what I am saying is after 8 years in development I am hoping this has the storytelling chops of Morrowind but the moment-to-moment gameplay of Fallout 4 (with improvements obviously) this is Bethesda's big chance to prove they've still got it. Expectations are sky high and to me it looks like it has a chance at being the most entertaining Bethesda game in many years. I hope it is, cuz I waited a very long time for Borderlands 3 and I was very disappointed.
Bethesda bug in Skyrim: a flying mammoth = a quirk with loading, joining the GSA (giant space agency) = fun, mod related issues = you get mods.  Ubisoft bug in GR Wildlands: fall through the ground after stepping out of a helicopter and losing your save because you died on ghost mode = "son of a b!&#".
Don't care really if good or not, if on gamepass, means don't have to pay full price for it.
I hate silent protagonists... to each their own.
Steam Deck compatibility???
While unlikely I have a head canon NG+. Unlikely but would be expansive. At the very least a cool idea. The characters from your previous playthrough and their choices continue to exist while you play a new character that inherits some part of what you had in the first. Would make sense with the vibes I got from the live action. Like I said unlikely but would be mechanically interesting.
ehhh not a good video,,, maybe i'll try one more but i dont have high hopes
3:50 - "Todd Howard is to games what Tom Cruise is to cinema." - Oh my god.... someone shoot me in the head right now, please...
Matty yo!!You're looking super tired man. Don't dig yourself into the ground over all the games that you are coving AND making content for us nerds. Love the content always, get some rest! We'll all be here!
Insaaaane you mention the terramorphs without giving a spoiler warning…. Also insane this article was even greenlit with that MAJOR SPOILER hidden within
Matty my man please straighten your turtles canvas with raph 😅
Im very excited for this game. Despite what many people say, I absolutely loved cyberpunk and that is an example of a game where i was more immersed since my character had a voice in dialogue. I will say though the fact that this game has new game+ at launch is impressive since cyberpunk still doesn't have it. I pray that this game is a success.
Something that i like to point out is fallout 4 had something like 100k lines of voiced dialogue - pretty much half of that is gonna be the player character considering a conversation often takes two sides. And with 4 options per choice, 75% of player choices could essentially go unheard, becoming useless extra lines that didnt need to be there to begin with. Starfield apparently has 230k lines, and NONE of them are the player character. So instead of saying starfield has double the lines of dialogue or something like that, to me it would be closer to 4 times and that blows my mind. None of the player voicelines go unheard cause al of your dialogue options are there for you to read fully and knowing exactly what youre gonna say without the excess voice lines that are nowhere near what you expect them to be or just wont hear because you dont pick it.
Who's got their money on "it just happens" being the new "it just works"?
im here for the content of the article at hand and everything... but i swear, unless my ears are deceiving me, the music playing veeeeery quietly in the background is KOTOR's Dantooine out of combat background music. or am i just going crazy?
I'm honestly not sure how I'd feel about a Bethesda game that didn't have weird bugs. It has become sort of the charm of the brand to me. Being so wildly ambitious that the game itself can't contain it all comfortably. We shall see.   On a side note, I'm glad I didn't go forward with my "BG3 mention" drinking game idea or I'd be hospitalized by now.
I loved the voiced protagonist. I’m disappointed they didn’t bring that back
Honestly, I always thought of Todd Howard, not as Tom Cruise, but the Steve Jobs of gaming, being very good at sales, especially selling his personal vision of what games could/should be, always seeking to go beyond anything that's been tried before. Now, whether or not he was successful in executing this vision, is up for debate, but it's fair to say that when he presents a game, people will listen. Even if they might not trust him, they will listen.
My only problem with the game so far is the apparent lack of aliens. Seems like it might get boring when you're just talking to humans throughout the whole game. I know there are alien creatures and such but that's not good enough. I want to bump into intelligent aliens on my adventures because that seems interesting to me.
😂😂😂😂 no way in hell I'm playing a game with any hand from you. Holy shit the delusion, incredible.
16 times the detail 🤩
8hrs!? Was it because it got eclipse by the success of Baldursgate3
With regards to the games polish and from my experience of Xbox’s first party games. They always released in a pretty good state in my opinion.  I like to think that this game is in a good state, because Bethesda are now under Xbox and because they have a standard they like to meet. Not to say we won’t experience any bugs given the games scale, my fingers are crossed for a solid launch.
The nice thing about all the other planets, is that means Bethesda can hypothetically keep adding dlc quests, cities, etc every year until ES6. Just keep a smaller team in charge of it
How can you listen to anything Bethesda or ToHo say after F76? It’s astonishing
get some sleep brutha.
When Todd answered about the how time works with each planet and Star I was scared as shit when he said  “It just… happens” Here we go again
Whilst I'm hyped for starfield. It will probably be outstanding. The biggest name is still TES 6. I've thought exactly the same. 1000 planets to 1 map. Unless this map is to genuine scale that's absolutely brimmed with density, it will feel hollow in comparison. The combat needs to be extremely accurate, where weapons genuinely hit each off each other and doesn't have huge hit boxes. The scale of battles need to be huge, 1000s of NPCs and assets at these moments. World needs to be destructible and not just pre set areas, the entire world. Navy combat, sea exploration. Imagine commanding your own navy fleet and a huge sea serpent comes 🔥.  Todd and his team has some serious grind to do for the game
New Game Plus will be very similar to Fallen Order.
Whoever wrote that GQ article is clearly in love with Todd Howard.
That weird fanfic moment reminded me of the weird erotic Sean Murray fanfic in the build up to NMS (the story is in Internet Historian's The Engoodening of No Man's Sky)
Voiced worked in the Witcher games because you role-play as Geralt, in BGS games you create who you want to RP and that does not lend itself to a voiced MC.
I don’t like NG+ as a concept for bethesda games. I hope it doesn’t mess with the feel
So over 9000 planets isn't enough.  They had to add a 'new game +' that's a step and a bigger leap for mankind.
All anyone can think while watching this video is, "Dude, you have a copy and you're playing it." I know you have to keep putting up content until the review embargo but you have got to find a way to talk about this game without acting like you don't know what it is. This video comes across as disingenuous. It rings hollow because we all know you are playing the game. Just find another angle to your topic.
I thought new game plus was after you finish the game, you get to start the game again but keep what you collected..... Like SW Jedi fallen order /survivor
First off the fact that it has new game + makes me feel like the main quest line is short like Fallout 3. Second isn't this terrormorph alien mention like a big spoiler...
Just a heads up, planets are NOT seamlessly explorable! A leaker tonight has tested it. He was on kreet and he walked for about 30 or 40 mins in a single direction until he got a prompt saying "Boundary reached, open map to explore new region or return to ship" then it has the option to fast travel back to your ship or the option to open the planetary map to select a new region of the planet to land in and explore. Basically your ship acts as a giant tether with like a Skyrim sized map area you can explore. Let me be clear, planets ARE fully explorable, you just can't seamlessly walk around the whole planet. You have to load in to the next new region if you want to explore more.
2:30 you sure you played Bethesda games on day one and not some GOTY editions? Because like Fallout 4 had physics and other mechanics bound to fps... for months after release... so on fast PC you were unable (without vsync) to use terminals at all... Didn't you get at least some NPCs spawning in weird places, weird positions, T-posing? Not reacting to you when they should? You were never forced to reload Bethesda game or leave and re-enter location because somy script didn't launch.
i don't think they'll do a daggerfall AAA. Starfield having 1000 planets is one thing, most are empty balls of randomly generated stuff. Tamriel? Is a very specific place with specific lore, towns and peoples and histories. I don't think an all tamriel thing is likely and it'd feel hollow if they did...  Imo ofc
Bro I would love a video on your game's development that would be awesome 😎
Still waiting for a Jedi Survivor patch to finally stabilize everything, makes me so sad I still haven’t gotten to really enjoy it on my PS5 yet
Fallout 4 was the most crash happy game I have ever played. Bugthesda is very accurate.
No vehicles, can’t fly ships in planet atmosphere, not much interactive things to do. Shitty FO4 combat is back they lied again. I’m highly disappointed I had my hopes up to. Hopefully people make mods for these issues.
I don't know about other but to me having no voiced player character is archaic, old and not so immersive. I liked Fallout 4 because having voiced protagonist helped me to connect with other characters compared to other Bethesda titles.
This game will be a masterpiece, i know this because of how tired you look, like you've been playing it non stop for a while.
Woah, very noticeable eye bags. Good sign for the game
i want to get this game, but i dont know if my pc can handle it, because its amd rayzen 5500
Journey almost over? Man, it's just beginning!
I think allot of Starfields DNA is going to be in elders scrolls 6 just like how fallout 4s DNA is in Starfield. I could see the settlement system being used to make castles the new character creator with backstories and traits coming into how you play. I also believe it will be all of tamriel and set far enough ahead in time to change the landscape of familiar places. For me Starfield is the space game I've always wanted and I look forward to playing it.
You beautiful man you great video cousin 👍👌.
I preordered it earlier today to get the early access and now the hype train is full speed.
buggy is better than polished garbage
While I agree that description of Howard was cringe from a games journalism angle. I think GQ gets some slack because it's Gentlemen's Quarterly. It has a little extra focus on the gentlemen behind the games that just the games themselves.
Bethesda said they’re not going to be like cyberpunk 2077
I want to see ES6 use generative AI for having conversations with NPC’s so you can have real conversations
PERRY the 'plat-e-ous!?'
Like who didn’t get the early access to this game? I haven’t been this hyped for a game since GTA 5
I’m trying to read between the lines here. If I were in Marty’s shoes, I can’t break NDA, but I could talk about what I like based on what has become public. I’m starting to think that this game might be a banger, because of how Matty is talking about it.  Side Note: I have NEVER heard anyone pronounce plateau as plat-tee-us
I've even more excited now after I found out from Zachary Wilson's Bethesda profile interview that Kris Takahashi & Chesko (David Pierce), the creators of 3DNPC + Frostfall mods joined Bethesda and are involved in Starfield dev
ES6 will clearly be large and def use some in-game procedural stuff to it - "ultimate fantasy life simulator" is a play on the term "fantasy life simulator" which is a very well-known way to label Daggerfall.  I think they want to create a large map that is full of both the over-designed stuff that was in the last three ES games but also give it many features and procedural stuff such is in Daggerfall/Starfield.  There is that line that they now think about designing games in terms of players still playing them over a decade later, and other than mods, what do you do the support that.  Well, having each playthrough feel fresh in some ways just in terms of vanilla, is one way to do that.  IOW ES6 will be like a modern Daggerfall, perhaps.  With Once Lost games also doing that, it will be a fab time to be an open world RPG gamer - the RP part will actually exist again, but like, for real.  The reason I like the quotes and the design of Starfield leaning this way is that some of my best times in the modern ES games is just sandboxing it up and ignoring quests for dozens and dozens of hours.  However, even with mods, that can really run out of freshness, usually because the in-game systems are just not there to do that like they are in a game such as Daggerfall (where that is the star of the show).  So, most systems, which also helps out modding, is music to me ears.
GQ just had to come out and say it; Toddy is a Hotty c;
so do you guys think this game is gonna be worth it? im just now starting to check shit out and im wondering what people are thinking. im excited and i hope that the planets are unique for the most part. that would make this a lot of fun
the games like a week away and they still won't release gameplay footage, kinda expecting another water downed shooter with water downed rpg mechanics
Maddie has bags under his eyes which tells me he's probably been playing it shit though
Had Terramorphs been mentioned before? Kinda feel like that got spoiled for me.
Looking at bethesda youtube and see a official live action trailer? They making a movie?
The only thing that bothers me is the "no land vehicles" thing.
Todd howard is a proven liar and untrustworthy.  Anything he says should be considered a lie until proven otherwise.
that tom cruise part was hilarious!!! Matty I know you're playing the game but love that you are still putting out content like this!
Wink twice at the start of your next video if Starfield supports DLSS.
iv never had bugthesda myself.   only like minor stuff like bramine spawning in sanctuary houses in fo4,   getting launched to space by giants in skyrime or  extremely rarely invisible guards in oblivion but thats it.
Is this Dreamcastguy's alter ego?
I hate the discussion going back to revolve around BG3 just releasing. Dude, the game has been out for 3 years as it has slowly been polished to the state it is in.
Bro really just said "plat-e-us" for "plat-eau" ❤😂🎉
Put the link to the article in the description. What are you doing?
another aspect of why most RPG's don't have Main Character VO is personification.  Most people like to immerse themselves when they play an RPG, and putting themselves in the role of the MC is a big part of that. When the MC is voiced, it pushed the player out of that role. Games like Witcher and ME have stories built around a specific character, so its logical to have the VO for the MC. But I think in general, for RPG's that have an MC you build yourself, the lack of VO helps out allot in the immersion.
Tes 6 could easily have Hammerfell and High Rock as their main land area and then make two or three hugh dlc expansions to include the one province each. Otherwise.. this won't look big compared to Starfield and come on.. it's the last tes game with Todd Howard.. the story tho.. should problably have a main Quest that isn't tied to one country only.. so It doesn't have to be locked to that specific thing. Like, Oblivion is about Imperials on the center.. Skyrim is nords in the center.. but tes 6 could have it all for at least for every country.. and depending on the race you choose.. you could start in a different area and work your way to the other places. This would give more RP freedom for how you approach the world. Yes, a main Quest about being the hero of Tamriel, but.. really big questlines for each country plus their guilds! The ultimate tes experience.. before what could be the end of an era. Is it too much to ask? Well.. depending on how big Starfield delivers.. it could be either too much or the basic.
Bethesda do not care Matty. Come on now they leave games with hundreds of bugs and have modders make the bug patches. The ONLY reason it seems bug free is Microsoft buying Bethesda and are now forcing them to fix their own doo doo. They do not care and would of released it a a buggy mess a year ago but Micorsoft said NO fix before release for once.
it'll be interesting if the modding community adds multiplayer just like they did with Skyrim.
A lot of ppl say it’s going to be like star citizen or no man’s sky but ppl forgetting about mass effect andromeda I think it’s going to be exactly like that
How have you never come across a bug in a Bethesda game?  Their games are pure jank, all of their games are not only buggy, they have mistakes that should have never got passed QA, for example the voice acting not matching the subtitles, spelling mistakes, typos there are even examples where they used the wrong takes from the voice acting where the voice actors are repeating lines where they made a mistake... and Bethesda never even attempted to fix it with patches.  Morrowind the game that would randomly crash to desktop, and the Xbox version they made the game restart the entire OS whenever it loads a new map because it had memory leaks they didn't bother to fix, so they just reloaded the entire game instead.  Skyrim, the game where the load times are are faster and slower based on the frame rate cap... why who knows, if you unlock the frame rate on the load screen the load times are less than half the time on a SSD, someone even made a mod to change the frame rate only on the load screens.  I don't care what they say, Starfield is also going to be jank.
Platteeuuss. That word...frozen plateaus....is pronounced...platoes.
Time loop NG+? 🧐
Say no to racial hate.  No race deserves hate.
That article sounds like a love poem to Todd Howard. 😂
What game r u working on?
The announcement about going to Mars leads me to believe that the experience will differ for my friends and me. It also suggests that Starfield might involve a multiverse narrative. It seems like when you move to New Game Plus, you might either be reborn or enter a different strand of this multiverse.
You are either an incredible actor, or you have not had access to the press release early build of the game you claimed to have.  Otherwise why be making these reaction videos, over playing/ reviewing the game. Why act surprised about things you would already know, playing the game and all?
I think the only glitch or bug I've experienced in a BGS game was during my playthrough of Skyrim when I saw giants and mammoths drop out of the sky into a distant forest lol. That was freaky and kinda cool at the same time lol.
That "fanfic" thing reminds me of the Internet Historians No Man Sky video with the erotic fanfic at the end of the video 😂😂😂
Run into any bugs yet Matty?
Matty plz tell me this game is good
Get some sleep bro, them bags under your eyes look like you went 5 rounds with Tyson.
Where's the reality of space sim, light speed etc.
Now we know, Matty doesn’t play video games on a potato 😊
What happened to “stay healthy?”
i never got the Bugthesda. i've had game breaking bugs in recent AAA but, outside of mods, i've never had a single bad glitch with a thousand hours easy in Bethesda's Fallout/Elder Scrolls games.
ES6 is all of Tamriel is my preditction
well people hated voiced character in 2015  but from what I've heard they hate that it is missing from bg3
I just want to sleep for the next 5 days. The hype is drowning me lol
It’s GQ… I repeat it’s Gentlemen’s Quarterly. Sadly I used to be a subscriber and that article is about the average eye roll tone
4:26 Matty, you need to give your editor a raise.
magic, just one year ? That, sounds like Biowares "bob dylan". Careful will robinson.
This game is turning people crazy, we got journalists writing fanfics about Todd out here
Bro you need sleep and take care of your health
I will first play through the story first which makes me happy with a second playthrough and just screwing around after knowing the story
I haven’t encountered any bugs in Fallout or Skyrim in the last few years of playing off and on. Idk what everyone is talking about honestly.
Honestly it really depends on how it is done. If the player steps into an established character like Geralt or Kratos then it easily works. For the create your own character you would need lots of different voice actors to record thousands of lines of dialogue to get it right
I knew there was a reason I was excited for this and I’m buying this asap. This interview confirmed it
For es6, think beyond all of Tamriel. What if they did all of Nirn? 😮
I was eating and i laugh so hard at his reaction from that abstract from the article that docens of McDonalds BigMac particles went flying over my table. 😂
More interested in:   - Can you play it "offline" or does it need a permanent internet connection and all the telemetry M$ loves... - What (If any) third party EULA's are there?
Dude looks tired as hell
It’s so funny watching all these YouTubers talking ab the game like they haven’t been playing it for over a week 😂😂 all for the clicks aye??
I heard a bunch of Bethesda employees signed up to code for Sky-blivion after Starfeild
Chat-gpt article lol
First time comenting but have love your videos since 2 years keep it up Matty always rooting for you. By the way Defining Duke is awesome everybody that is Matty or ILP fan should give a listen.
I hate when content creators pull the “remember when I said THIS would happen and it did?”  Because like, sure, okay? What about the countless things you speculated on that were incorrect? It’s just confirmation bias.   Unfortunately (or fortunately if you’re a content creator), no one really keeps a record of your good/bad guesses. So it’s all good.
Bethesda showed us a headless NPC sitting at a bar. There are bugs. The only bugs I care about are the ones that are game breaking.
man I hate these clickbaity thumbnails so much
Why would we wanna watch you play, when everyone else is gonna be playing too.
I love the Turtles in the Background
I like games with and without voice protagonists, having both kinds of games available to play is great for variety. Each adds something unique and gaming is better for having both.   But... if I had to chose one, it would be voiced protagonist.
RIP to the legend DHavenShadow. The 1st to review Starfield & post 40mins of gameplay. Man got arrested giving us what a majority of us wanted...
Cant be easy to still talk about Starfield like he has no clue about it, looking forward to his review almost as much as i am the game
*WARNING* Mild Spoilers!
Im a Playstation guy and even I'd rather have Phil Spencer than Jim Ryan
So, my birthday is September 1st. The day that I could play Starfield if I get the highest tier version.  I'm probably not going to, unless someone can convince me, but I'm debating picking it up as like a birthday present to myself.  But, it's a Bethesda game. I expect it won't even run until like a month after lunch. Let alone during the Early Access window
Uncle on the Starfield, Matty.
That GQ article reminds me of that Sean Murray erotic fiction at the end of the Internet Historian NMS vid 😂
Terrormorphs huh alien threats🤔🤔🤔 wth is going on here lol maybe I shouldn't have watched this video even thoe I was waiting on it with each new detail we inch closer to spoiler territory the game seems pretty huge thoe
I think the same I don’t think I’ve ever experienced a bug in a bgs game. Like a bit of jank but never a bug like most other AAA games
Im at a point where I have to wait to buy a series s to play this game. My computer won't run it and it's cheaper to just get a series s than build my pc. I have a ps5 but can't justify trading it in even tho I already know im only gonna play starfield for a very long time. eb games gives a laughably low amount for ps5 on trade in, so now I just gotta save up and wait which is painful.
Dude did you see his eyebrow twitch when he said ‘and pretty significant ones at that!’    What could it mean 🤔🧐😵‍💫🫠
Just sold some things today and picked up a brand new Xbox series X and the premium edition so I can be playing by this time next week. SHITS GETTING REALLLLL!!!
Already preloaded on my rig. Cannot wait!
dont be salty    MrMatty be posiitve you need 200 + hour to konw the game
Polished and Bethesda in a sentence makes me laugh.
If Starfield ends up being a big success, I think that may lead to longer development cycles for their future games. Maybe not as long as eight years, but I think they realize how much polish they can achieve in a year tacked onto the base development.
I can't believe how close we are to Starfield now. That game was announced so friggin long ago.
GQ talking about him like that is honestly right on brand for GQ. The men are who they are really showing off.
Can't wait to count out your coin.
Every Bethesda project I've played has been a janky bug fest.  Heck.  Look at Skyrim today.  It's had seven releases (I think) and still contains day one bugs.  The paragraph on Todd Howard removes any credibility from the article.  Not only that, it's f*cking creepy.  What an awful article.  GQ should be ashamed... not that this brand was ever held in high regard.   It's always been a joke.  SMH.
Matty! Where did you get the poster on the back with all my favorite game characters and anime 😂
Matty you're looking great bro! The "End of an era" context really reflects on your energy recently
Uh-key-luh City.
I think it is mind blowing possibilities here, like I am on the edge of my seat here. It is so close I can taste it, smell it, and reach out and touch it.
I loved the voice protagonist in Fallout 4 I think Starfield  should've had a voice protagonist.
Such a good review of this article that some people cant even tell you are already playing it lol
Get some quality sleep bro, it looks like someone punched you in the septum
Matty, you're the exact kind of player that Bethesda develops for. You play their games exactly how they intend to, so you don't see the bugs so much. For those who think outside the Bethesda box, things can get more interesting. Sometimes hilariously interesting (oh, I got stories). It can be more fun exploiting Bethesda bugs than it is to play the game as they intend it. lol  Believe it or not, Elder Scrolls 6 being all of Tamriel would not be a first for the single player series. Arena did it, if I recall correctly.
I would expect or hope ChatGPT to be included somehow. That would be the ultimate in immersion. ChatGPT mods are already being added for Skyrim. I would hope in 5 years things could be pretty far along in the development and implementation  in TES 6. It would extend gameplay for sure.
I wish Matty would just....give us a wink or say "it is" real quick to confirm or deny if the game is buggy or not.
Gonna be a long week. I'm friggin excited
Plateu is pronounced like "Plaah-tow".
Ok, but to be fair comparing Fallout 4 to a game like Witcher 3 that is a completely different genre and tone is kind of unfair. Fallout 4- all Fallouts, have a consistent undercurrent of humor and  absurdity...Witcher 3 is essentially a high fantasy game with undercurrents of seriousness and gravity. The writing in both was very different simply because of the nature of their respective genres and underlying themes.
yeah but most are not tech savvy and probably running old tech and don't understand spec requirements and probably don't update as much as necessary
matty hope you get enough sleep lol
I can see starfield in your eye’s dark eye shadow from not a lot of sleeping 💤 😂
Shout out to everyone actually buying the game to actually support instead of using Gamepass and getting it for free.
Your comment about “bugthesda” got me thinking the only time I really see their games crash is with mods. As I’m watching this while my wife is  playing New Vegas for the umpteenth time on Xbox, no mods…and that shit just crashed hard lol
3:29 Old school way of writing articles for magazines. Yeah, it's cringy and antiquated at this point.
Hi Matty! I’m Maddie ☮️🩵 New fan
It seems Bethesda are leaning towards their signature first step out feeling. Except multiple times over during a single experience.   I'm genuinely excited for this game. Been a very long time being hyped. It feels nice!!
TES 6 WILL BE HIGH ROCK & HAMMERFELL! TES 7 WILL BE TODD HOWARDS MAGNUM OPUS!
Newgame plus implies the ending drastically changes the world...
Tiny Tina’s did voiced characters pretty well in that you could pick from a bunch of different personality type voice options
Looking a lil' tired there Matty! 🤣🤣😉 That's a good sign!
Those bags under Matty’s eyes say everything 😂
Ive been thinkin that since 2012 And todd hinted at it way back in the day. Imagine exploring the whole of Nirn not just Tamriel. So much lore to be eatin up around akivir and the southen aldmeri islands plus all the provinces of the main land all rolled into one game like ESO but a ultimate single player fantasy sim. They will be thinkin about it, How can u not.
11 days and thanks to all the haters .... especially the elite dangerous and scum citizens fan boys hahaha... For us let's enjoy the game as it looks great and full of things to do :-)
I could see an RPG using a voiced character for it's dialogue; one that is actually voiced by the player by using a combination of voice sampling, ML, and AI. Although, there would also be an option for using a generic voice (male/female voice actors). Also, an edit to add in, for any BGS title claiming "simulator" status, they really need to work on their definition of what a simulation is. Even with Starfield, afawk, the economy is in a state of complete, 100% stagnation since there is no resource inflation/deflationary effects, price changes, etc..
That GQ article soyjackily sucked balls as heck.
The glow in your eyes when talking about it  tells me all I need to know about the game I cant wait
I'd like to see a more realistic scale applied to one province in es6. I've always felt like bgs maps were too tightly packed. Let locations breathe a bit with woods, fields, whatever.   Also higher population so I can sort of believe that a place is apparently a capital city.
I bet we'll have actual AI used in ES6 in some capacity
The constant plug of “my game” 😖
Im still over here torn between Xbox or PC...
NG+ to me means there is a Definitive ending to the story with a content wall. probably waiting on the expansion thats already announced
I pressed like, but when you misread plateaus 13:23 I was so close to hitting dislike. This was a good video however, and it deserved a like and I love the positivity coming from you.
Todd H saying that, "It just happens."  Is that this year's version of, "It just works."...
The real question is..will there be a survival mode
The only thing in common with BG3 is that it shares the same genre, a role playing game…   they aren’t comparable at all I will never compare a turn based rpg to an action rpg. I’m tired of people comparing them…
Matty knows something is really going to piss its fans of, but he has to keep a smile and shovel his audience mouthfuls of shit then try to placate them. All gaming media will mention it but will still try to make it game of the year!🤣
Voiced protagonist works fine when it's a fixed Protagonist, Witcher, GoW, Red Dead Redemption 2, etc. Everyone who played Witcher 3 played Geralt.   No one who plade fallout four played one of the two voiced characters - they played their own and got stuck with a voice.
I kind of wonder in the NG+ if you don't have to beat the main story to use it. The thing in Bethesda games is you can ignore the main quest and just be a thief or something. so what if you can decide at any point I completed this characters main story, lets start over but with him.
This shit is about to be so buggy
Bro the bags under your eyes show that this game is a banger
13:23 That's not how you pronounce plateaus ya goober
So if I download the game via game pass for PC, can I download mods for it too?
🙄 Thanks a lot Todd Howard I’m not going to spend anytime with my family on Labor Day Weekend cause of Starfield 😂😂😂😂
You should link the articles you're referencing
Matty has a Todd shrine on the wall that never gets filmed. Way too much embarrassment. And Starfield was never coming under Zenimax.
"spreading the universe acros dozens of planets"? ummm theres so much wrong in this statement...a universe is trillions of billions of planets...not a dozens
I see you Matty with baggy eyes working overtime with Starfield. I appreciate the extended coverage!!!
I think the weird stuff about Todd was chat gpt filler
Uhh dude? Do you not have a copy already? Why are you pretending you aren't already 50 hours in? 😂
Todd to GQ: "hey, my eyes aren't swimming with the ghosts of my past!"
Man, that Raphael is getting more crooked every video.
Matty you look woolly and sleep deprived and that can only be for a GOOD reason! Cannot wait to get your review!!!
They say 8 years but I heard about this game in 2010 from my camp counselor who was a intern for Bethesda at the time. Crazy how I didnt believe him back then
I was dumb enough to pay $60 for Fallout76 at launch, so I'm gonna let the first inevitable patches for Starfield to roll out first
I am prepared! Bring on the onslaught of Starfield content!
Witcher: "The Games are based on a book series by the polish author Andrzej Sapkowski (1). He wrote in total eight books in the Witcher Universe. The first two books 'The Last Wish' and 'Sword of Destiny' comprise a series of short stories pseudo-chronologically ordered."  CDPR didn't come up with the script. It not their idea like a BGS game.
I think Cyberpunk 2077's voice acting was amazing. It helped the game
I love Bethesda games. I really enjoy the original content then I absolutely love what the modding community adds to the game. 200+ mods later, Fallout 4 turned out to be one of the best games I've ever played.
He looks more drained every video must be up all night playing
Terrormorphs? Alien threat? I'm pissed. Had no clue about confirmed aliens until now.
If they do what you say in elder scrolls 6 have each race start in different areas that are their homelands that would be cool
13:23. It triggers me when people who speak for a living can't pronounce words correctly. Almost had plateaus right but the last part. Pronounce it phonetically like 'toes'.  Seriously though, if you're reading from something and it's prerecorded, you got time to pull out a dictionary and look at the pronunciation beforehand if your unsure.
Im way to hyped i need to cool it down just in case of disappointment. Im not saying it going to be disappointing i just need to tap the breaks
Sorry to disagree with Mr Matt but, I fucking hate that we have to go back to a mute character. Fallout 4 had the right idea.
Again bugs are a statistical issue. You can have a QC team playing a game, or some guys come in for reviews... but once you have millions of people playing a game, that's when the bugs come out.  IDK why nobody understands this. Sure some bugs are obvious and easy to find, but most bugs are anomalies.
I feel like I’m the only person that kind of liked the voiced protagonist in fallout 4. I know that it imposes some limitations but I always kind of ended up feeling like my character was more part of the world than in other BGS games.
I think Todd wants to recreate DAGGERFALL. He wants TES 6 to be as big as Daggerfall with modern technology. You can see it. It's in Starfield. He references Daggerfall a few times in the Lex Fridman podcast.
New Game+ Means Bethesda is finally entering the modern RPG Era. Although if they only had 8 hours and it's showing NG+? maybe you can start a NG+ whenever and don't have to beat the game first, or the main quest is kinda quick
I’m going to be a contrarian and say I’m down with voiced protagonists. I liked it in the Witcher, cyberpunk, mass effect, dragon age. I thought it was eh okay in FO4.  In BG3 I think it’s telling how many people wish that the origin characters were voiced when they were the PC. “Astarion already has 80 hours of lines, I wish I could hear him foolishly talk shit when I was Astarion.” I agree. There’s definitely a cost that comes with it. But I’m pro voices.
Here’s my question: for people who loved Fallout 3 and New Vegas but thought Skyrim and Fallout 4 were a little lackluster, what will those fans think of Starfield. Because the fan boys are gonna fan boy over this game no matter what.
Matty splashing the cash on the Haworth Fern game chair!? How is it man?
You look tired from playing starfield all night lol
"I'm just gonna go ahead and collect my flowers on that" 😂😂😂 i feel ya matt
Are there companions you can have to explore the planet or is it just you against  the planet.
I agree completely about TES6 being all of Tamriel for 2 additional reasons. The game was announced as simply ‘The Elder Scrolls 6’ with no subtitle. And both Pete Hines and Todd Howard have said, when asked for details, that it’s going to be set in Tamriel. It’s supposed to be facetious.. but what if they’re serious?
The only bug I’ve experienced playing hundreds of hours on Skyrim and oblivion was the dark brotherhood storyline in Skyrim would freeze at the end of the quest line when you’re in the coffin. I tried dozens of times to finish and it finally fixed itself after months of trying.
Todd Howard is a god
Matty, please play on ROG ALLY and tell us how it is 🙏🙏🙏🙏
todd howard's piercing sea-blue orbs staring into mine
I really don't get the Bethesda hype. Haven't they made the ugliest games the last 10 years? Also scammed people with Fallout 76? Also every game runs poorly and is buggy as all hell?   Just don't get it.
Had quests or saves be botched several times in Skyrim. Just autosave frequently guys.
Look i hope Microsoft pulls off a good game here and actually brings back competition. However im not buying a new xbox to play a single game and its take another 10 years to get a decent game. When xbox start showing up and the party again we can talk.
The poker face is truly uncanny.
"Plateeo's"
12:50 Spoilers. Beware.
I like their bugs they're not game-breaking but they are humorous sometimes like the one time whirlwind Sprint glitched out and shot me up into the air for the first two shouts and then the third one decided to actually work while I was in the air and then off the side of the grey beards mountain
3:35 new God Howard copypasta just dropped
Makes me think he’s playing it. I am going to click off the video. I’m getting that impression. I’m giving you a like I’ll come back to videos like this one star field comes out
Thank you for doing this great interview about Starfield days away and I can't wait
Bags under a game developers eyes is spot on.
To me BG3 and Starfield are vastly different games.  I have a few hundred hours in BG3 and can honestly say it is truly amazing.  With that being said, I have played almost every game BSG has made except 76 since their Terminator game.  I have lobed those games, bugs and all.  I really believe with all my heart Starfield will be outstanding. It will probably be the last game I buy for a very long time.  I'm still actively. playing Skyrim and have been since day one
I actually feel sorry for Giant Corporation Bethesda Game Studios - it doesn't matter if there's only one bug on release, the Twitter echo chamber will repost/repost/repost that one bug.  It doesn't matter if there were 1,000 bugs a year ago and BSG has heroically quashed 999 of them. That one bug will define Starfield.  Not the way it should be, but it's (sadly) the way it is.
Agreed matty rarely have buggy moments in BGS games and never had game breaking bugs corrupted saves wax the worst
Thanks to Todd's mom for a great preview.
Boulders gate will let you fuck a bear so I wouldn't compare that to starfield.
After 8 years of blood sweat and tears it's at a point that it's fun to play. Now immediately lay it out there for a billion people to scrutinize every inch. Don't forget to drink 3 bottles of Pepto a day for the next month. lol
I really hope the new game plus is BGS version of Alternate Start, legit the same game minust the main story, where we can ACTUALLY be WHO WE WANT and LIVE LIFE HOW WE WANT....without all the main story mimbo jumbo and having the main quests just sittin there in out back log!!! Its my hope this is it or at the least a part of it!!!
I'm excited for starfield, but to be fair the most polished release for Bethesda is kindof a low bar. They do get fixed eventually though.
Agnostic from Atheist what a distance travelled Lololol
@3:35 ULTRA CRINGE 😆 However, I remember a long LONG time ago, there were rumors of Tom Cruise being involved with Starfield in the similar way Keanu Reeves starred in Cyberpunk 2077. I think it was a Forbes article from 2020 or 2021. It's very strange that GQ would compare Todd Howard to Tom Cruise (of all people)...like VERY weird. Why does Tom Cruise's name keep getting brought up in a Starfield piece?
I am hoping that Starfield captures some of what Death Stranding nailed, which is using silence and emptiness to create a mood.
It's good thing so many Playstation fans hate "Bugthesda" and think their games suck, as they won't mind when Elderscrolls 6 is an Xbox exclusive.   If Phil & Co. were still on the fence on whether to bring ES6 to Playstation, the discussion & toxicity around Starfield should provide all the answers they need.
Half the time I can’t even do the Nightingale stuff because SOMEONE won’t pull the damn chain
Nickleback!!!!
For me, if the voiced protagonist is done well, I usually enjoy it. I loved it in SWTOR (although, as you suggested, they blew a lot of money on voice actors). I'm not trying to persuade anyone to like something that's not their cup of meat, but it's important to remember that different people like different things. Just because something isn't someone's favorite doesn't mean it's inherently bad.
I find comparing Fallout 4 to Witcher 3 asinine. BGS games are about living in a different world and doing whatever you wish. The Witcher has you locked in as a single character and is essentially an action adventure with RPG elements. You are a witcher and that is it, you can't suddenly live as a different kind of person. I don't really get why people call games with set characters RPG's, one wouldn't call a Telltale game a role-playing game, for instance. None of that means Witcher isn't amazing, but what it is doing as a game isn't really relatable to what BGS games are designed to do.m
Why I'm having a reason to buy myself an Xbox?
@MrMattyPlays I have to agree with you on the TES VI and battles. There no rpg that's ever captured the scale of war before. The "battles" are usally tiny skirmishes or you only see the aftermath. Like in the Witcher 3. If Bethesda could use their procedural generation to create the assets and use them in a way that's believable and in accordance with the player's actions that would be a huge technical achievement.
The last Bethesda game I played was Fallout 4. It felt way dumbed down in mechanics and writing compared to 3 and New Vegas. I hope Starfield has great writing to match its graphical presentation.
Matty talking like he ain’t got the game💀💀💀
Sorry, I didn't listen to most of what you said cuz it was playing in the background and I'm too lazy to start over. KOTOR music still got my attention, though.
Been seriously wondering for a while now if there will be an easter egg planet with Nirn's topography in Starfield
Well boys, I'm starting to think Starfield is good.
The irony to me is that besides the skyrim ps3 issues, I have always had pretty clean experiences with BGS games. It is actually New Vegas that still has the most issues for me (the stuttering on every platform is crazy still).
The only bugs I have came across in TES or Fallout were ones that stopped me from completing a quest. They fix those pretty quick
Maty drunk dude😂
😂
Bla bla bla bla bla bla is all this nothing else
Jupiter moon’s confirmed hell yea
I feel the same way Matty. I don't understand the "Bugthesda" hate from people. I only heard of that after FO76. Just goes to show how bad people pray for your downfall, when you're so consistent at making amazing games. I have thousands of hours in BGS games, and never felt that way about them.
Platypus lol
"...Frozen pla-toes...", Matty, pla-toe!  :)  and i like the voice actor in FO4.  :(  but i would still have loved FO4 if the protag was silent and i cant wait to play!  I like your vids, oh ye of the sea-blue eyes, lol.  your enthusiasm and energy in your vids is so infectious.  good luck on your game, btw.  PLA-toes!  :)  PS-  TES6:  I WAS THINKING THE SAME THING!  GET OUTTA ME HEAD!  At first i was thinkining, with the whole Redfall thing, that it was going to be Hammerfall+ game, but then i after seeing what Redfall actually was, i was like, huh.  Then it clicked.  After ESO, and the fact that they did all the work on creating the different areas, its going to be the whole continent+.  Personally, my guess right now, its going to be Empire vs Thalmor...  then the Snake dudes or demon dudes from Atmora are going to come and invade and the empire has to come together to survive.  Idea 2 is the sload.  idea 3 is idea 1 but we find out the sload was behind it all.    why?  i kinda feel after 5 games and 30is years, they have to be thinking, "is this getting old?"  do something huge and it will also let them set up a whole new era and change of world-feel for TES 7.
Matty looks like he hasnt slept that might be a great sign for his starfield reciew
I HAVENT PLAYED FALLOUT 3 YET YEA I SAID IT MATTY
I think it would be awesome if ES6 leaned into the large scale battles and war. Maybe a Nirn World War between Tamriel and Akavir allowing us to explore both continents… probably not, but it’d be pretty cool!
4:00 Bro wtf😂
Main bug I think most players experienced was Skyrim's giants sending you into outer space.  Wouldn't have it any other way lol
BLINK TWICE AT THE START OF THE NEXT VIDEO IS ITS GOOD
I can see Matty's hard on from here. If it continues for 4 hours, see a physician.
On TES6, I know it sounds like a meme but I actually think it would be amazing if we could go back to skyrim... but x amount of years after the events of TES V, We have spent all these years in then world in this specific era I think it would be awesome to go back years later.
LET THEM COOK
I have concerns of the planets  If there is no vehicles I can’t imagine them being very big or having a lot to explore   Unless like no man’s sky you can set LZs and sorta ship hop around
So glad they didn't include a voiced protagonist. It made it really hard to roleplay in Fallout 4.
yea he likes Starfield. I can tell
I honestly agree with that, I've had a few bugs in my bgs experiences, but it honestly wasn't any worse than most other games. The problems I did have was always just my Xbox, sent it in, fixed up, no problems since
But the writer is right about Todd Howard being like a mythical figure in video games. Todd sold us Fallout 76 because when he speaks, we listen even when it's clear that he's lying to us. He may even be lying about Starfield but millions of us have already paid for the premium edition of Starfield. Hail Godd Howard🤣🤣🤣🤣
Matty having a copy and talking like this makes this video funny lol
Love how Matty was paid to tell us Redfall was good. If he wouldn't say anything about Redfall you think he'd say something about Starfield lol...paid shill going to shill
@12:17  Looks at Cyberpunk 2077 👀 I've been waiting a year for that NG+ now😡  Hopefully, it'll be fleshed out if it comes out and not just me killing low level enemies at the start of the campaign again.
My only question is can I have gray skin and red eyes?
Are those bags under your eyes? Game must be good. Good vid as always.
Man looking tired playing the hell out that starfield  😂 💪
When I hear that about ES6, I can't help but think of Mount & Blade, and how cool such a game would be with a BGS game on top. 😍
I told myself two of your Starfield videos ago that I wasn’t watching anymore Starfield videos. Well, here I am haha  Part of me is trying to read your face, and the other part of me can’t get enough of Starfield videos🤣  Six more days!!  Great video, Matty!
Them fluffing up Todd Howard like that only has me seeing their coverage as severely slanted. Aggrandizing language is one thing, but that's just embarrassing.  The balls on the writer to not keep that shit in the DM's.
My prediction: Literally nothing could be released about Starfield tomorrow, and this gentleman (amongst hundreds of others to be fair) would somehow author a 15+ minute video about NEW HUGE Starfield info drops, all while showing the same exact footage of The Arch that we’ve been seeing for months now.   Cr.   Inge.    But hey, make your money and get your clicks young buck. Run yoself a bidness.
Look, all I’m gonna say, is that Bethesda is a company, I have played all of their major releases since Morrowind, hundreds of hours into each game. They are buggy as hell, Bethesda has not once before launch said the game wasn’t working as intended “it just works” stay cautiously optimistic but do stay cautious.
Maybe you've never heard it pronounced Matty but... plateau = 'plat-o'. Not whatever you said. 👍
12:55 yo thats a huge spoiler, wtf
the game details are alright, but that fan fic was by far the most important part of this article
Had this game preordered since June 13th. Got the controller and headset. Taking work off on the 1st (Friday) and have Monday off due to labor day. Wife vowed to watch the kids. Can't. Wait.
Baulders gate does not compare to Starfield, 98% of people don’t like playing clicky games
Bruh acting like he isn't on his 2nd playthrough
OMG the Tom Cruise comparison made me picture Todd Howard jumping on Oprah’s couch yelling “15 Times the Detail!” 😂 Really, though, I’m looking forward to playing this on Game Pass day 1.
That GQ article is kinda wild 😂
Okay Elder Scrolls 6: Tamriel sounds awesome lol
What is the alien main threat that he just mention? I hope he didnt spoil the story
That description of Todd is kinda fucked 😂 did him dirty 😅
I haven't been this excited for a game since Skyrim
"On the frozen plats-ias of Europa"
New game plus is great. A no voice protag though? That's disappointing. Well voiced protag games stand above no voice ones for me. I get not everyone is like that but its defiantly my preference.
I just hope and pray that us peasants playing on the Series X get a stable 30fps without drops below that.. There better be some amazing motion blur put in place to hide the 30fps roughness..If the frame rate on the Series X is anything like what we have been seeing on the Starfield Direct demos, etc, then I feel like it’s going to be a major letdown..
Imagine with Newgame+ its still part of the story, like after the main story the lore reveals a time anomaly, a portal that takes you back in time incase you want a second chance and change the outcome or your life, but you can just ignore it and continue your current game if you want 😊
This has to be a hologram of Matt doing this video….
I get so many Mass Effect 1 vibes from the way exploration is explained. New Game+ also makes me think Mass Effect saga.  Mass effect 1 had you land on planets and they were mostly barren, but you had a few things to find; either materials, caches, small side quest stuff like rogue encampments, finding this odd thing here and there. etc... But, each planet was distinct in tone, skybox and feeling. They had this lonely artistic feeling to them. The way Todd explains the exploration just sets my mind up for something similar. I don't expect to land on planets and be filled to the brim with content. More like peaceful and meditative exploration. Maybe only very few "larger" quest-focused and material gathering, without going into No Man's Sky territory of survival-style material gathering.  I think this will maybe be a little more dividing in the BGS community. Many just like the quicker-paced action that you can find in something like Skyrim/Fallout 4, while others will appreciate the more artistic nature of Starfield. But then, they probably offer so much freedom in how you approach every situation, that it is entirely possible for those who don't like barren exploration to not explore that much and just stick to questing and action.  Being a huge fan of the memorable Mass Effect; really can't wait (without falling into "hype")! This is as excited as I've been for a video game in a long time!
I'm all in for the All of Tamriel theory for TES IV.
Filling a room with 1000 cheese wheels “this game is buggy and sucks”
Matty looks like he hasn't slept since he  got the review code so that should tell you starfield is 🔥
I still think the Witcher 3 is the best single player game I have ever played.
If it was like other BGS games, then it would not be a truly new IP. I am looking forward to the differences with many of the same as well.
Confirm   Modders will beable to create new planets   If modders can create entire new planets. "Imagine every thing they can create in between!+DLC on top of the already looking to be massive standalone content of Starfield.    Starfield is going to be by a landslide the biggest RPG to ever exist in gaming history.
Whys he acted like he cant go look at New game plus right now?
Matty is awesome bro 🤘 dude holds it down for us starfield fans
he's tired, yup, game is good, gg
Too-sled haired 😊
Talking about how polished and what not the game is. Shouldn’t be a big deal. Games are supposed to be released polished and as bug rotten as possible. No kudos for doing what they’re supposed to do.
In regards to the NG+ I vaguely remember years ago when Starfield was just a patent that we were theorizing about, there was rumors that during the game you discover alien races that would be Playable in later playthroughs. From all the recent stuff I figure it was either cut or just a rumor. But now I'm wondering if this NG+ is exactly that.  Maybe when you start a new playthrough, you can choose different starting points through the galaxy (I vaguely remember something about Bethesda mentioning the "Live Another Life" mod providing some sort of mechanical inspiration). Perhaps it's hoping to be something along those lines
I feel like there’s a legit possibility Starfield will be the Best Game of All-Time.
This is the first video I’m watching from you since the Starfield Review copy got handed out and I can see you grinding non-stop.  I feel like there’s a legit possibility Starfield will be the Best Game of All-Time.
I’m curious will starfield dlc be similar is size and scope to Bethesda past games or will they to be on a another level as well?
Starfield has ngplus I'm excited.
😂 that description in the GQ article. WTH sounds like soft parn
It will be interesting how the incorporation of AI will change games in the future.
So freaking super hyped for this game!  I must have every molecule of Starfield 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Maybe skills carry over and you can stack skills or carry more of them
As long as it's better than Fallout 4 storywise. Even TW3 being narratively superior, I've put way more hours into FO4.
Today i found out Matty does not know how to correctly say plateaus .
I have college classes so I won’t be able to watch the reviews or play the game until I finish my school work but I’m so hyped for what’s to come. Already pre ordered the physical copy.
Any souls game has ng++ i dont mind having this on starfield
I feel they're crazy talking about new game plus mode. When one of the developers talked about, he had a 150-hour put into the game and still did not  scratch the surface of it.
I find the hero worship some of the writers have incredibly gag worthy and cringey.
All of Tamriel? Screw that, I’m talking all of Nirn! And plus daedric realms as well! Don’t forget there’s that one continent that pops in an out of existence from time to time that is like the upside down (from stranger things) of Tamriel, so there’s that one too. By the time they get ES 6 out the door, Starfield will be dated tech. The possibilities get exponentially more impressive and ambitious from here on out
Still just to be safe I preordered a Spider-Man 2 PS5 so I can play all the back compat updates for games I have . I am happy to wait 2 or 3 months until Starfield is actually in a good state as trusting Bethesda to release a polished game on launch is not something I would bet the house on.  There has already been people misleading the public. About FSR 3.0 releasing to allow 60 fps on Series - yet that release is not until 1st quarter next year and it will be PC first even then.
Going from atheist to agnostic and then back is so silly 😂 "god isnt real, i know for a fact!" "Wait, maybe he could be?" "Nope, he can't, i know for a fact."
Now it explains why 76 was not great cuz half of the team was working on this greatness
Leggo
Do we think that TES 6 will be xbox/PC exclusive?
The fact that the modding  community created "unofficial patches" to fix the NUMEROUS bugs in Skyrim and Fallout 4, Bethesda has earned the name Bugthesda. Skyrim is one of my all time favorite games, but that doesn't change the fact that it was buggy as heck.
Fallout 76 is superior to any other fallout! Stop with the slander. Name one thing fallout 4 has that 76 doesn't?
If this has been in development for as long as they say could they have been working on the voiced protagonist during the end of FO4? Maybe that’s why they stripped it after it didn’t work with the population.
I'm sure it was Pete hines who said that exploring the smaller quests are worth it because they can lead to other crazy questlines so that should answer your question, I think it was the one on the xbox youtube channel
Matty its GQ article, they say stuff like that.
I never had any doubts that this game would be a banger. Lol the stoke be high for the 6th.
I love watching this knowing that Matty is acting.
4:29 I mean, you look pretty darn close to Todd Howard to me!
Mattys acting like he's not playing starfield right now he's like a bird that can't sing until aug 31 😂
Bro just butchered the pronunciation of plateaus in the most unforgivable manner
Screw Starfield. Where's the armored core review?
"Some people only buy one game a year"..... wait... wut?
If I can name my Character "Cmdr. John Shepard" I'm in!
You're out here channeling a version of yourself who hasn't been playing starfield for a week and I respect it
Comparing bgate 3 and starfield is ffing insane. If going to do that shows they know nothing about games.
Imagine all the hype then to have the game being mediocre 😮
Where did the glasses go 🕶️👀
Really dope stuff ahead.... !
Baldurs gate 3 and starfield are about to absolutely consume my life XD it feels good to be this excited for games again :)
Man, now I feel a bit spoiled about the story since they mentioned the "terrormorphs, the alien threat in the game".   At first the story was a bit up to interpretation because we knew that there likely was some kind of alien species in the game due to finding the artifacts, but we didn't know if that alien existence was a threat, or a precurser, or a shepherd of species not as technically advanced as them, etc.   Now we know they are definitely antagonistic and that kind of severely narrows down the options for the story.   Kinda wish that they had kept that under wraps until after the game released.
It’s so hard to believe in this game and yet so hard to not get super hyped.   It’s the most ambitious game I’ve seen for a long ass time made by a company who has made one of the best games of all time although recently their reputations taken a hit.   On top of all that it’s gettable for £10 monthly subscription?! It sounds far too good to be true 😂   If I only face rendering issues and small bugs I’ll be extremely happy
Matty acting like he is not playing starfield 😂
Hyped AF every New things i hear about the game it gets better and better 😅😅😅
I'm excited to play it and even bought the premium upgrade, I really hope 30fps doesn't make it hard on my eyes.
Matty is compartmentalizing his brain so when he asks these questions he really doesnt know the answer to it. He has separated his content creator matty character from his reviewer matty. Amazing.
Plateaus = [PLAT]+[OHZ] Lol not Plascius 😂
I’ll be fucking dead before Elder scrolls 6 drops. Fucking shame.
If that one guy having a religious crisis of belief is anything to go by, I hope the game's story has that sort of profound Interstellar feeling.
I have reviewed his tweets and videos for facial expressions and I have determined if his next tweet has a period in it, he thinks Starfield is good.
Hmmmmm🤔.Dark circles under eyes.Looks like somebody's been playing all night.
Voiceless protagonist?  Ugh... I hate those. They always come off, to me, as an imvomplete character, which is so unimaginative, cheesy, and lazy to me. Takes away from the immersion of the game for me as well.  🤷🏾‍♂️ Oh, well. Such is life. The fact that I can try out a Bethesda game without paying anything extra for it makes it worth trying out anyways. All its going to cost me is time, so it's cool.  Who knows? Maybe I will still find the game enjoyable despite the lack of a completed character. First time for everything, right? 🤷🏾‍♂️
To say “twist” implies the game+ mode might be story related. A big reveal that changes your perception of everything in the game’s world. Very interesting possibilities.
How hard was it to cover his story, still pose questions, and not answer them yourself since your reviewing the game!
New game plus reeks of no level cap. This saddens me 😢 totally negates character building.   Experience tells me level 50 with Bethesda games is as far as you ever wanna go, as everything else keeps getting tougher but you max out damage before then.  Nothing more frustrating than getting weaker as you level up.
Bugs add an extra seasoning to the game. Not all bugs are bad, some can be funny.
Matty, that word is "plaˈtō.". 😊
Came to the comments just to say what everyone else been saying - hilarious to watch Matty hype up an unclear New Game + functionality that he's absolutely already played. I'm just happy we don't lose all Starfield content while the YouTubers are playing it for review!
Is it me, or is Raphael crooked? 🙂 Anyways, great stuff. Can't wait for Starfield.
My speculation is it would be a cool lore friendly way to have a new game plus if they managed to reset time. Perhaps using alien technology they found in the epilogue or something. Would definitely be a twist for sure lol
New game+? On a BGS game? Why? this aint dark souls for you to repeat the same game with higher level enemies, so how would that work? Can it be a situation where you cycle through the game like "sorry, you messed up in your decisions along the way, this isnt the true ending, try again"? I dont see how does it make sense for a game like this, Im intrigued to say the least.
You have a point there Matty, I remember buying both Fallout 4 and Witcher  3, but Witcher 3 came out on top for me, so Starfield will definitely go against BG3 for sure in a lot of people's eyes in terms of narrative and quality. On top of that, I'm also getting ready for Cyberpunk's Phantom Liberty, and not a lot of people talk about this, but this is basically like the game's "Broken Steel" as you were saying with Fallout 3. When you beat CP you can't go back and free roam so it's credits and load previous save. It's a bit disappointing that even modern open world games have this issue, but excited regardless.
He's got the look of someone whos had access to starfield. Dark bags under his eyes, probably malnourished and dehydrated, just pulled the iv catheter out of his arm.
The Witcher is not a good rpg u can’t role play your always the Witcher
Stud howard
Holy shit man!!!! Cannot wait to get my constellation edition!!!! I want in NOW!! And I'm sorry matty but plateaus is pronounced plat-owes. Loving your energy though dude and totally respect you holding  back on not saying anything about playing your review copy. Huge kudos to you!!! Stay awesome!!!
I think it depends on if you have a set character or not. It feels weird spending so much time potentially on a character. Then to have a set voice for your character has always felt weird to me. Maybe with AI and other programs this will be possible in the future as we have seen with some mods. Until then i agree I think it just limits the game.
Inb4 new game+ means your don't have to play the game to watch the story. The game plays itself without you😅
GQ is a fashion mag Matty, they probably had to slip some of that into the article lol
Bugthesda is not a thing.... Creepythesda is a thing 😪
Judging by how much mattys smiling in all these videos, he must reallly be enjoying starfield
I think a factor in you not experiencing many bugs in prior games is because you know “how” to play BGS games. I’m the same way, never had many issues with bugs.  I had my brother play FO4 (he’s never played a BGS game) and he got stuck multiple times by clipping into objects within his first hour. I think the average player who doesn’t play much of BGS games is way more likely to experience bugs.
Seems like Marty and I got that luck when it comes to BGS titles.. I even got lucky and had a good experience with Cyberpunk 2077, yes it’s worked on my PS4 in 2022 perfectly
You make hammerfell and highrock extremely detailed is how
Imagine es6 with boats that travel across seas to other lands hunt wars with 2 different armies. Starfields about to come out and I’m already getting hyped for the next es
Not even a link to this article.
Anyone else feel like mattys bein held at gunpoint
bro really just spoiled that there's a hostile alien antagonistic race
I feel like we should really be reading between the lines on this video.
I think one good thing about having all of those planets is the potential for future mods.
Obviously the NG+ being added is tied into the use of the magic or special powers and by the looks of it, it will be towards the end of the game you gain the special abilities 😮😊
Good job doing solid coverage without breaking the embargo 🎉
The Tom Cruise of video games, scientologist agenda included 👁️
bugthesda came from cosoles more than anything . and playstation most of all.
Hilarious
"Terramorphs, the games main alien threat"  Ayo, SPOILERS Matty. C'mon
Why haven't we gotten a pc features trailer yet? It should be wayyy beyond console. Should be RTGI but I'll settle for reflections and shadows if they fix those flat trees in New Atlantis. Still very disappointed there's no dlss. FSR2  is not great. I really wish this game had nvidia behind it.
He´s saying a lot about Starfied between the lines
One more week 😎 🚀
i also never had a bug in their games. maybe once in skyrim when literally a bee threw my Intro carriage to the sky. and all the other bugs is ofc because i mod the hell out of my games
It must be killing Matty to read this other person's experience with the game and not be able to share his own.
It's confirmed.  Matty hasn't beat Starfield yet! He was surprised about New Game + lol
BG3 is embarrassing to bring up talking about starfield 🤣🤣🤣
6
Appreciate you continuing to drop videos for us peons while you're already playing the game and I totally get that you can't be specific about things, but it's crazy to hear you speculate about things while you already know the answers lol. You're like "the article seems to say the game has very few bugs" and I'm like WELL??? DOES IT??? lol. Can't wait for next week!
Someone looks tired 😂
Lol that had to be a meme? Sea blue eyes? 🤣
That's some nice ass kissing there on the bugs. Every Bethesda game has one or more game breaking bugs that don't allow you to finish the game... Unless you download a mod. Skyrim is still broken they did an anniversary edition and left the bugs in... Love their games but it is what it is.
GQ isn’t the source I’d enjoy being covered, they kinda jacked off Todd in the article. But I appreciate you’re quick and non bias breakdown of things that mattered.
Why do you say BGS instead of Bethesda? It's the same amount of syllables.  Just say Bethesda
Starfield is already CLEARLY MILES above the dumbass, over-the-top, ridiculous and STALE tropes of Baldur's Gate 3.  Wargames is EXACTLY THE WRONG direction to go for a fantasy RPG.(Elder Scrolls 6)
I kinda like Bethesdas bugs they add a certain charm to the game
"ultimate fantasy-world simulator" that SCREAMS Daggerfall vibes to me. It would make total sense for them to go this route after Starfield.
Just want to put my two cents on the voiced protagonist problem.  The reason why it works for games like the Witcher and Mass Effect is because you are playing a set character. Even if you make you own shepard in mass effect in the end they are still shepard following their story.  While BGS games usually let you make your own character and make their own story. Which is why FO4 felt restrictive you are playing the sole survivor's story not yours.
> HEY MATTY < please fix your crooked posters in your facecam background please , the turtle one is really bad and i cant not stop staring at it
If i have gamepass ultimate can i play on the 1st or no? Cant find the answer anywhere🤷🏼‍♂️
Bethesda game "Prey" has a new game + mode.
Tried to find the source video/article in the description but it's not there.   As someone that likes to watch/read the original content first and listen to commentary after, this is a bit of a shame.
Hyyyped
That new game plus gonna be wild
Matty seems happier than usual, Starfield must be pretty amazing. Hyped!!
13:22 Plateaus.  Frozen plateaus.
Keen to learn what new game+ is… like you don’t already know you bright eyed coy mf
Funniest thing about this is how he’s acting like he doesn’t know anything about the game.
"45 minutes, 12 quests wow " whatchu mean wow you're playing the game right now
I think they have hinted at ESVI being more like Daggerfall.
lol I feel like this article is Matty way of confirming indirectly that it is polished and fun
All of Tamriel for Elder Scrolls VI would be awesome, what if it was one world and you can go anywhere, sail from High Rock to Morrowind if you wanted to.
Even though they have a lot in common, Bethesda games and the Witcher 3 are difficult to directly compare. Building you’re own character vs playing as a voiced character with 7 books worth of awesome story to build upon gives you two very different experiences. I think it will be a long time before we see something like the Witcher 3 again. My favorite game ever for sure. I have a feeling Starfield might sneak into my #2 spot though. Can’t wait.
Bruh... Didnt you get that glitch where Fallout 3 would crash every time you left Tenpenny Tower? I remember a video or stream of that
Matty acting like he doesen't know stuff is hilarious 🤣
*No free fly  - space to planet flight - animated, no atmosphere free flight, no multiplayer....bear all this in mind!*
What I'm expecting/hope is that beyond typical game play you could continue exploration, battle etc as if it were spending a life time in space. As in Eve, it never really ends, there is no end. I want an experience that I can sign in on that continues beyond a set goal and allows me to continue in every way beyond a set narrative with a beginning, middle, and end. In any case I am in no rush and find statements of various reviewers being on his Nth playthrough as missing the point.
For me NG+ tells me they're not confident in the experience of the first quest-driven playthrough. They're relying on players being primarily attached to base builds & barebones exploration.
Disappointed that they didnt get the voice protagonist to work. I hope they dont permanently ditch it, and maybe even employ AI for more options down the line. It makes for just as good, if not better immersion.
I jizzed a little when I read about New Game+
lol, Yeah, I'm also one of those lucky people that have rarely ran into bugs in BGS games.  I have no idea why because I know the bugs are real.  It was the same for me with Cyberpunk.  Ah, I remembered one.  It wasn't technically a BGS game but it happened in NV.  I came out of Helios One and there was a loud crashing sound and I was stuck in some kind of invisible box I couldn't get out of.  A quick reload fixed it.  I've tried and have never been able to get it to do it again.
i am very hyped to learn more about the religions and ideologies in starfield. they make it sound very interesting.
Xbox will not like starfield they don't like walking Sims, more bias commentary, besides 76 which was their most recent game, this is cult like
I love how Matty's talking about this game like he hasn't been playing it for a week now. This has gotta be so difficult for him to make these videos and not let a single thing slip.
Anyone notice how Matty's hair is getting that Todd Howard set up
Just a reminder....  This is the last Friday without Starfield.   This will be the last weekend....without Starfield.   Weve been waiting for this game for soooo damn long I cant believe were finally almost there!
All the hate frome Sony fans about starfield just imagine when elder scrolls come out
My question is, with new game plus and saying the game don’t really begins until you do the main story line. So are they pushing you to run though the game?
I love how Starfield is exploring faith, I'm actually super excited for the main story and I never was too into their last few games main stories. I like the concept behind Constellation being explorer centric and unraveling the universe's questions
I've only ever experienced bugs on skyrim (before i modded) and it was only like one or two bugs at most. the only outlier for me is 76 I was burned really badly with that one and i tried to like it and playthrough the bugs and problems but just never could I tried their new update not most recent build but the one before current build
NG+ in a sci-fi game just sounds like when you beat the game there's a time loop and immediately after credits, you wake up at that character creator scene. Could lead to additional dialogue choices and a JRPG style true ultimate ending where you finally break the cycle.
Lmaoo what was the poem the guy did for Todd
plat-ee-usses
So stoked, will continue playing No Mans Sky to transition into Starfield 🎉
Well I guess now I don’t have to play fallout 3 😂 thanks Matty.
Any spoilers? Before I watch?!....
Bros making all these videos when he’s playing the game 😩😩
I financed a new pc for this...
It’s pronounced platt toes
I loved having a voiced Charater in Fallout 4
😆 I can almost believe that Larian jumped at the chance to launch next to Starfield out of intuition telling them it'll be an easy round 1 K.O. I also totally believe that Todd is 💩ing himself because of it.
Matty has been playing Starfield for almost a week and reading between the lines... He doesn't seem very confident about Starfield.
What if Es6 takes place outside of Nirn? Like the moons or the daedric realms? I know we already kind of explored the latter option in Skyrim, ESO and Oblivion, but I think given our current tech, they could expand on those areas.
elder scrolls 6 is the one though. ill probably be 50 before i can play it, but thats the one. bigger than Starfield for me
I like how you pronounce plateaus. That was epic and I mean it with love.
That description of Todd is so hilarious. But yeah Todd is our daddy.
The New game plus seems kind of spoilery like they make it sound like time travel or something personally.
Will say that I have way more hours in Fallout 4 than I have in the entire Witcher game series, mostly because it's a lot easier to pick up and play fallout for a day or two and set it down and comeback can't really do that with the Witcher
Same for me, i havent had any of those hilarious and crazy bugs people have had. Ive always had small bugs here and there
I’m probably one of the 5 people who finds playing as a silent protagonist is weird in video games. It makes the conversations feel so boring.
Whoever described Todd Howard like that should consider being a romance writer. Not even joking.
Now we just need a survival mode!
Matty does a good job talking about a game he’s probably played 30 hours of without giving anything away regarding his thoughts.
Do we really need a starfield video every day?
It's just such a toss up having a voiced protag in heavy rpg games, mostly when you're creating a whole new identity. I actually really enjoyed it in Cyberpunk, but Fallout 4 didn't work for me in that regard. I was really, really hoping Bethesda wouldn't try that again. Kinda crazy they almost went for it, but yeah, it's limiting when it comes to true role playing. Even the tonality of your character being imagined can add depth to the experience. Hearing a voice you wouldn't choose can be jarring, aside from the obvious limitations in dialogue options that a voiced protagonist brings
im not gonna lie, i have cried closer we get. been a long wait. may be silly but it is what it is. i hope its worth it.🥲
Great video as always and I love your new chair btw. I have a question that you may have already answered but I can't remember, is your preview/review next Thursday going to be spoiler free? Also you pronounced plateaus incorrectly, it's pronounced plat-tows. 😅
New game plus huh? My immediate thought was that it's going to be some No Man's Sky or Mass Effect type thing. Like, some kind of cyclical iteration of humanity or an attempt to save it.
13:24 bro act like he didn't play the game 😂😂
They're doing the new game + offering a polished product without bleeding the customer for skins, because Microsoft needs a nearly perfect flagship game.  It's Xbox's Hail Mary attempt. If they weren't acquired by Xbox, it would surely be as jank as day 1 Skyrim and flush with horse armors.
I've been saying the same thing, that ES6 should be all of Tamriel. I mean, ESO has already done a lot of that work for them already. Not sure, if they'll go that route, we'll have to wait and see I guess but all I do know is that when ES6 DOES come out. I'll be and old man by that point. I read an article the other day trying to say that ES6 was going to take 4 years to make, and I think their crazy to think it would be done in 4 years because the way Todd is talking. It sounds like it's not even hardly in pre production if they don't know what the next game would even look like.
Oh Mighty X Clan!! Lend Me your ears!!  I think there's a GREAT chance that Starfield takes place in the same universe as Fallout. Listen....  Fallout 4 happens in year 2287, Starfield happens in year 2330, there's only 43 years in between these events, I believe Starfield is the Natural evolution of Fallout, given how messed up earth was during the Fallout events it makes perfect sense to launch out into space for the earth is dying.  Starfield may be a Fallout 5, of sorts, I believe the Starfield people will mention the events of Fallout 4, I think some companies from Fallout 4 will be in Starfield too.
Hope you're having fun with it dude
I can’t believe it’s nearly here.  This is surreal.
I thought you said you were given a review code for the game?
Bethesda games with a new game+ is the first i heard of. And it seems to me it's some form of time travel or we'll travel in different timeline through dimension. If it's that we're in for even more special treats.
Love seeing Matty cover and question Starfield when he 100% has a review copy 😂
I always a find it funny that Witcher 3 was such a thing for a lot of people. I did not enjoy that game. I found the open world too taxing, combat was bland and did not like most of the story lines. Most just made me angry so I could not enjoy them. Then people hyped up Cyberpunk 2077 to the point that it disappointed them while I actualy enjoyed it and had less bugs in that game then Witcher 3. Life is funny.
S T A R F I E L D
How much more can people milk out of this and didn’t even release… my goodness how about a different topic
It's easy to say "the game is polished" when you've only got an 8hr selective preview. Hell even BG3 is said to not be so polished near the end... which you'll only see after about 80hrs.
I’m still wary of Bethesda games after Fallout 76. Not sure if they deserve a second chance.
Yeah. ES6 has to be AAA Daggerfall.
man is there anywhere where matty has shown the game he is working on? I wanna know about it or is it secret?
me still waiting in 2023 for paid for fallout 76 preorder merch after being ignored by all attempts to contact Bethsda HR support:    oh yeah let me throw more money at the scamstudio
You look really tired. Anything keeping you awake?
I’ve tried to play fallout 4 three times and never got to even a third of the game due to game breaking bugs
I preordered the game a few weeks ago as I decided I don’t care how buggy it is I will enjoy it. But I still watch reveiws and information videos like I’m still contemplating buying it.
Our "Journey" has just begun ..
i imagine ng+ is as mundane as it sounds (not in a bad way). you just reset the world so you can play through everything from the beginning, but with your character level and gear intact. obviously most people would make a new character to experience the game from a different perspective, but making a save backup before starting ng+ to run through the main quest on a max level character could be fun, but id definitely restore my save afterwards.
Seems weird to be here since F4. I'm old lol😂
It’s kinda comical to me how you’re speculating and talking about things like you don’t know knowing damn well you’ve been playing the game for almost a week now😂I’m just hoping since you already played the game you’re not gonna say anything you know isn’t true
That f word blur is solid mate 😂
I have another job for you
Instead of the entire map of tamriel, just give us lore accurate land size or close to it
Imagine stepping into a BLACK HOLE 🕳️ and a repeating new game plus TIME PORTAL
Matty, you're looking tired brother... too much Starfield man, lol. But wait, there is NO SUCH THING as too much Starfield. Scratch my previous. :D
“45 minutes, 12 quest?  I don’t know if that’s an exaggeration”. Lol yeah you do, you have the game 🤔
More words doesn't mean better writing. Fallout 4 with it's more straightforward and to the point approach is much better than Witcher 3.
You mean it's actually good?
2:10 This is correct. Bethesda games are not and have never been broken, buggy messes. This narrative only began from younger gamers after FO '76 and continued more heavily when salty ponies needed something, anything to reason why PS doesn't need Bethesda games.
I think the journalist had extreme butt sex with Todd Howard after reading that intro lmao
I’ve never experienced a Bethesda bug that was game breaking. Only charming little things like giants sending you to space or dog meat getting stuck in the stairs.
Love that Rafael picture.
bruh you look like a zombie now wtf 😂😂😂
I'm more worried about the game crashing every few hours because it is a Bethesda game through and through.  Bugs I can live with...depending on the bug, if any, I get.
Skeptical about polish…but otherwise very interested
Skeptical about polish…but otherwise very interested
is  he not playing the game.
Wow, new game + is a great feature, and if it means being able to do all quests, eventually, on one character that’s pretty awesome. I do wonder if/how it will tie into the main story, time travel maybe?
Hey, even polished coprolite looks pretty in the right light.
I think you’ll get a choice to either go back in time or keep playing. It may look like a flashback or you keep you stats.
I'm gonna give a fan theory on what this "unique twist" on NG plus is.  What if at the end of the game you find a portal of some sort or a black hole in relation to the artifacts and what they are. And you as the player would have the option to enter it or not.  If you do, you get warped through reality and sent back in time to the beginning of the game.  The twist would be that the player character remembers everything from the first playthrough.  Which would open up all new interesting dialogue for the second playthrough. Suddenly that enormous dialogue count this game has makes more sense.  This theory would also pair nicely with Pete's comment on how the game really kicks off after beating the main quest.  And Bethesda has used time travel in their games before.  So this idea wouldn't be a stretch.
You know, I just thought to myself that I will probably be in my mid-40s when Elder Scolls VI comes out and I just feel old.
Fallout 4 was infinitely better than Witcher 3 and its hack and slash 3rd person nonsense... not even the same league.
We are going to have to talk about that Plateau annunciation...  Great video regardless though!!
I won’t get to play until Sept 8 cuz I’m traveling. I don’t know that I’ll want to watch any videos after launch.
Dude! Get some SLEEP!
I got the activation codes last sunday from Greenman but Steam has it locked still. The wait is horrible.
Based on how Hines talked about the NG+ and how it is tied to story we might have Groundhog Day situation with alien tech. If so then it would certainly give good RP reason to use NG+ instead of NG. I just hope that you can set new background and traits so that you don't miss out.
New game plus us probably like borderlands
matty looks very tired
I won't trust anything until reviews drop.
Blink twice in an obvious way if the game is good
I like voice protagonist more then none voiced
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand i'm depressed
Game of the generation easy. 1000s hours better than Spider mid 2
Honestly to me balder gate story is really bad and boring
I wonder if voiced protagonist will become more frequent as ai develops
Time travel could make new game + interesting.
It sucks your playing starfield there's so many leaks and I wish you where able to speculate everything with us😢 on the plus I am excited for your review! It will be the first one I watch
Okay maybe worst time to ask but for a few years I've been wondering what are you necklaces? Is that an M or Matty? Or something else?
I like how you're using these articles to tell us your own opinions :P    I mean, yeah *cough* yeah they are saying its polished and bug free, yeah, good article :P
Matty wants tho gush. Lol
Just a FYI, all these 60fps starfield vids are on PC, not xbox. Just like forza h 5, it waa meant to be played on PCMR.
Man, this clickbait era is really something…
Bro acting like he’s not currently playing Starfield lol
I like to think they'll incorporate the storyline with this game mode option. Based off the newest trailer with a looping theme / seeing things but almost from the perspective of everyone around you, it seems combining these artifacts will give the user complete clairvoyance and control of the power of the warp (space magic abilities have been confirmed too!) , using it to essentially go back in time and start over, but because you are bending reality, most of the planets, resources, rewards, and side quests will be randomly generated into other locations. So while the artifact could be used for various end game means, there will probably be a hidden option that allows you to use the artifact at any time to start again. If this is the case you could be the House of Va'ruun's Serpent, being the one to have left a message for the founders of the Religion, even further possibly having the option to change the message left for the first travelers! If that was layered in with a Serpent's Crusade DLC you have an entire playthrough based off of a side faction already! Lots of potential and leg room for modders to add unique content while the concept of space time being able to warp reality is almost like an assurance to the canonic experience. Haven't preordered a game in almost 8 years but after finally watching the trailers and gameplay this week I'm finally excited for a Launch Day!
I dont care about rpg stuff.  I want the voiced protagonist.  I want the exploration and the other stuff.  None of the words typed on the screen matter if he/she isnt speaking.  If you want a choose your own adventure go read a book.
Im happy. Better than a turn based game. (cough cough) lol
Paglirilo is soo full of it, from athiest to agnostic and back again during development? yea right!
He is godd Howard Afterall
Ain’t gonna lie either never had game breaking bugs, just more funny ones
Got it downloaded and ready to go! Can’t wait until the 31st!!
besides fallout 76, which had quite a few... I can't name one bug I had in skyrim, other than funny things where an NPC went flying or something.  Morrowind?  Uh...None?  Oblivion?  Can't think of any.  Fallout?  Again, drawing a blank.  Dunno wtf peole are talking about with bugsthesda lol
I hope you can play after the end of the main story. Ive noticed more open world single player games lately will lock the save after you beat the last mission and you have to start a new one to play some more. I hope thats not the case here
guy wishes he was writing a 50 shades of grey spinoff featuring todd howard
I just gotta say thank you for letting me know how many people are out there spoiling the game im super hyped and almost had a bunch of stuff leaked to me so im just gonna watch you and 2 other people now for my starfield info
😊 now I get it new game plus that's why starfield took ten years to make it all makes sense now and I CANT WAIT LETS GO 31 AT 5PM
Thanks matty
amugus fortnite
Why do I have another feeling that the New Game+ is going to be like another similar No Mans Sky feature? In No Mans Sky when you got to the center of the Universe you could enter this black hole (I havent done it myself) and it would send you to a whole brand new Universe, I have a feeling Starfield may copy this, where you have a brand new Universe and worlds to explore, but it has new features and  areas youve explored now have new procedural areas giving it the effect of a New Game+ while not really being one.
i hope Starfield has been worth the wait for you Matty. 😇
Matty is lacking sleep....🤔
Bro same! If i ever get bugs they bother me so little most of the time that I can't even recall them. AC Unity was bug fest, I had like zero problems. I think I had the crazy face bug, and that was literally it.
New game plus??? in an open world game?? That sounds terrible.
Prepare to have your every facial expression analyzed! *zooms in 400%*
First 5 minutes let’s go
Very rarely would I get game breaking glitches but I’d see a lot of funny bugs happen from time to time. Surprisingly my son has run into 3 game bugs that ruined his saves back to back on fall out 4 recently.
Matty is talking faster than usual today…
The hype for the New Game Plus means I might have to actually finish the main quest in a Bethesda game for the first time 😅
That was Awesome 😁👍X10 . SKK .
Honestly a new game plus will be so cool for a Bethesda game
Bethesda needs this to succeed or they're going to be hurting for awhile
1st comment! Go Matty go! (Go play Starfield) 🎉
Yessss!!!!
Yeah buddy
