I play in 3 years
❤❤❤
So are there red flags?
2:11 minutes. Give this man a raise
Add the weekly events back i need the achivment
F2 back in business
I´m here before f1 23 release just to say that this game was awful. Hope 23 is much better
Trash game 😊
Where is PS VR2 support?
Yo pido 2 cosas muy sencillas, que preguntar a tu ingeniero por cualquier piloto mencionando su nombre y te diga a que distancia está, que neumáticos trae y de cuántas llantas, o algo asi, y segundo que en el mapa se pueda mostrar un tipo fantasma de donde saldrías teoricamente despues de una parada en pits, para poder planear la estrategia mientras corres de una mejor manera
Schlechtestes F1 Spiel das es gibt !!!! Andere fahrzeuge können dich von der Strecke drängen und kriegen nicht mal ne Strafe !!! Obwohl in den Einstellungen alles so eingestllt wurde, das es wie in Echt ist !!!!  Nur schlecht, kauft das Spiel nicht !!! Geht lieber etwas esse mit dem Geld ist besser investiert !!!!
The problem is 5 laps
Verarschung pur abzockerei
F1
Ea and codemasters please listen and read my message........  1. Fix the ai acceleration coming out of corners in wet track 😡. 2. Add more tracks and also the turkey grand prix. 3. Update the cars performance. 4. I hate doing practice programs please add the simulation option to skip the practice programs. 5. 5 lap races are too much please add an option so that we make a 3 lap race.
Best racing game of the year?
;；ｌｌｌｌ
Lol, how about less time customizing the color of my couch and more time improving the lighting and resolution of these generic looking tracks?
Why is nobody talking about the music?? Total BANGER!! 🤩🤩
F1 22 - Features Trailer
Can I get my team radio or do I have to win 8 championships for that
Wow
Not that anyone asked but the song/music/tune playing in the background is: Jacknife & The Bloody Beetroots - Jericho (Official Audio)
Can anyone tell me what's going on with this game...... Why can't I play the new track portimao Portugal track in career
This game is more realistic than real life! It predicted Sebastian Vettel’s retirement end of season 1!
1:34 shanghai and portimau ?
what if :- if we can link F1 2022 game and F1 manager at same time online . In which driver and strategist work together to win race like real life it would be awesome
I really really want Formula 3 in F1 22 please it would be amazing.
no crashes.. so shame
the song is "jericho" by jacknife and the bloody beetrots
1:35 Portugal and China tracks confirmed?
It's not version 2022 without the porpoising issue.
Hey you if you church the song of this trailer its name is : Jericho by jacknife. Your welcome 😁
Twenty years after Crammond and they still can't get anywhere the physics. The cars don't follow the wheels, they pivot around the centre like a 1980s arcade game. And the car setup options are pitiful. All these years later and GP4 is STILL the best - by a very long way!
Are Press Interviews still a thing ?
1:34 Portugal and Chinese flags at the track selection
United States of America 🇺🇸 Sponsored!
Why list China and Portugal as being tracks in the game and then not having them in the actual game?
is f1 22 crossplatform?
What's the song name?
No VR mention?!  Guess it's not a focus item for ya yet?
this halo is very annoying. puts a black band in the middle of the screen. which is of no use. your motherfuckers...x..
Mega se těším
I don't think the devs know the definition of "immersive". It's not immersive if the feature takes you OUT of the perspective of the driver you're playing.
Can't wait to continue Red Pill Racing career in myteam mod.
Still No red flags
1:21  the mercedes sound realistic wtf  why is it not in the game
1:20 the mercedes sound realistic wtf  why is it not in the game
Portugal and China comes to the game
Bring Malaysia, Hockenheim, Nurburgring back please can you add that. Please.
1:34.    Portimao and Shanghai????   At the end of the calendar
even though pit errors makes the game realistic and dynamic and all that, I have a very bad feeling it could bite me in the ass and it would be frustrating as hell when it happens
why super cars???!?!?! so fking useless. bring back old cars that u can play seasons with ffs..... if i wanna play super cars i play some other racing game
Yes please!
This game🎮 is impressive👌. Detailed & new F1🏎️ Life looks lit🔥. especially with the sports cars! F1🏎️ is making their games🎮 into the next level
Soon 🔜 out f1 22 jun 28
ok ea you made this game but now me and your fans want nfs underground 2"1 remasterd
I hope we get custom track creation in this
Even though this is probably 100% never gonna be seen I think to make f1 life supercars more interesting codemasters could add HyperCars like the sf90 the aston Martin Valkyrie and the Mercedes mag project one Looking forward to the game coming out
Online coop myteam or i riot
You have to put failures
My god but when will they give the opportunity to split from the safety car?
do we have the porpoising effect too? :D
Please fix the online rules too for bad aggressive drivers that mess up the race for the next person please 🥺
why the animation of the steering wheel in the pit is again desynched??? it's awful
we want the realistic tv hud in the game please
Is porpoising included?
Wow wow wow ❤️🥳🤘
Can i play real time multi-player with my friend from the other room? If we both have purchased from origin.?
The new features are on a good direction but kinda were expected last year. Like take the customization, track updates and my team furniture, this should've been in F1 2020. I get it, corona didn't help but for a sport like F1 and a gamecreator like EA they could've done more to this game series. I really hope that the tracks will look identical to the irl version, every kerb and color outside the white lines because if they just update corners it would be very lame and lazy. Also the fact that they removed historical cars from last year onwards is such a shame. I really hope they bring them back. Also sad that the prizes will stay so high. At least the pit crew fails are a nice thing. I really hope the cars can have a more dramatic crash model in the future, with red flags and more implementation of all the flags in F1. A story mode is also nice but make it more realistic, with the focus on your avatar, with multiple lines from irl F1 drivers and commentators and iconic lines like Netflix crew and DTS scenes. I'm maybe asking for too much here but that's at least worth your € 55, now it's really like € 35 for me.
Are they still screwing X-Box users with camera changes through a paused on-screen menu?
btw can sombody tell me if you need to buy a a steering wheel if your playing on pc
This EA thing seems to have shaken things up for the better
85% the same game.
Al 90€ jebeno igrica pa jebo vas dan ne prodajete zlato
Will Pit Stop errors occur in Broadcast mode?
EA/code masters please let us edit calendar in career mode. Would love to replace Monaco and Singapore with China and Portimao
Do the other IA drivers suffer pit time loss or is it going to be just you?
the cars don't look like the real F1 cars, for example Ferrari or Mercedes ....why?
song name ?
What if, you scrapped the whole F2 and clothes thing and made full-on realistic damage models with that time instead :o
Just to confirm did they just uploaded a clip with a bug on minute  1:39 the my team car has the logos one above the other strange that happened last year really hoped that they have fixed that
You can tell EA have got their paws on this. Nobody asked for F1 Life. This is an F1 game not a "let me throw money at EA for some new gloves with an ever so slightly different colour" game.
Pit stop errors is a great addition but apart from that not much changed. Would've liked to see more ai errors in terms of crashes not just that 1 mechanical failure someone has. Also the servers for online need a complete redo. Probably the worst servers of any game I play, and when it works multiplayer is the best mode so it needs fixing for sure. Would also have liked to have seen evidence of lots more customisation options for myteam/multiplayer cars. For example, different styles of paint (gloss/matte/chrome), lots more livery presets and the ability to apply shapes so we can make our own liveries if needs be.
We all love pitstop errors but when it happens, we all will use the replay
They put Alfa in 4th and McLaren in 3rd last? Also I highly hope that we can change the Aero parts in my team especially since car parts differ from pretty nice to very ugly
No VR?
why no historic cars again?
if the multiplayer mode doesn't have an option to limit the view inside the cockip in ranked matches so that everyone runs equally, it's not worth buying.  it is necessary to make an exclusive ranking for players who are using the steering wheel and obviously with that it is necessary to block the vision for "cockpit view". It becomes more immersive and competitive. Nobody drives a Formula 1 sitting in the halo!!!!
Do features now include micro transactions etc now that its ea? ;)
The colours of the game seems more arcade than realistic.
My biggest issue with Codie's previous F1 games is how predictable the races were. Almost every ai opponent is on the same strategy, they barely make mistakes (driver errors) and I haven't seen a safety car in months.
0:59 ??????????? 2022 ?????????????
Years of experience and yet a really unrealistic pit stop.. lol
is f1 life included in the normal edition?
Anybody know if This  2  player career is new 👀 👀  ?   Looking to buy for my brother to race with
The Best Trailer
Is it in the mobile
macht doch einfach ein kostenloses update maaaaaaaaaaaaaan. das spiel sieht einfach genauso aus wie f1 2021
Please have splitscreen; safety car and timing info!
0:34 what happend with Vettel's head???????????????
It would be nice for the career mode that instead of doing by yourself the adjustments of the car, the team provides you with a better set up depending on how well you do it at the free practices or how many test (like fuel or tyres) you do for the team.
keep wasting money and resources on optional bull
Too bad there isnt any actual 2022 cars here...looks like they just slapped the 22 liv's on the demo cars.....lame
Fans: We want classic cars! Codies: Here, have Supercars, which are nothing to do with F1 cars.  Fans: No, we wanted classic cars. Codies: Here, have changeable sofas and wall decor in the apartment you don't give a damn about. Fans: ...
EA micro transactions yay!
Wow, I'm so happy that EA took over. They seemed to have really improved the game and took our requests serious!
I like the look of those practice programs; I assume they are showing the tyre wear programme... which I've had a love hate relationship with as a long time career mode player. I actually usually find them a welcome challenge, but inevitably there are some circuits where I just can't seem to hook it up, and the only information and feedback we have is a sliding bar. It's kind of tired from a gameplay perspective for me in 2021... im glad to see theyre taking another look at it! I think practice sessions in career mode have a lot of potential. It really makes a virtual race weekend feel more immersive and complete when you actually have fun doing all the sessions rather than just doing all your dev goals in P1 and skipping to Qually like its a chore.... which it has been for me at times. This looks good!
The one thing that we never get given is color visors.
You both have access to NFS and GRID assets and still you have a small amount of cars to collect...
Never have played an F1 game before, how are the mtx in these types of games?
Looking forward to see this game without the default car model...
I can't wait to experience no sense of speed with low pitched engine sounds and low wind sound in cockpit cam!
No more Braking Point?
We need red flags in the game. Sometimes the entire field get stuck behind a couple of crashed cars and it ruins the race.
Better get this game now, because in a few years EA will defile it beyond belief.
I just want to drive around Valencia again
I CANNOT WAIT for all these awesome new features to become monotonously tiresome after two seasons and then turn them off. I haven’t done a press interview since  pre-Covid.
They spent so much time to get the sofas looking good that the cars look completely off
Ahh yes F1 life I'm going TO BE MOWING MY FREAKING FRONT LAWN BEACAUSE OF THIS 😂😂😂
They never fixed the graphics errors on the last game which made it unplayable for me. I'll never buy another F1 game while EA and Codemasters have the contract. 👎
whos on the front cover this year
Atlast
yeah okay, lots of new useless features like putting sunglasses on the player model, but what about multiplayer and the terrible UI? no mention of it? so lobbies are still buggy as hell and there will still be countless of loading screens to get stuck in regularly? looks like i will be skipping this game once again until you finally address those issues...
So can we drive normal cars?
Looks sick I can’t wait just I hope that they fix mclaren being the 3rd slowest team
Are the couches for comfort or speed? Does it help the development of the car? I like the headphones.. how do they add to my characters stats? Man EA really knows their audience.. who'd have thought the real thing car games were missing is a hangout spot and how cool your driver is OFF the circuit...
Please say historic F1 cars come back
why the steering wheel is same like others team ??
Would love a game that starts with karting championships, fast forwards to F2, then F1
am I the only one here who though f3 would drop in f1 2020? The sad thing is that it still hasn't.
Still no red flags??
0:23 the pitstop steering wheel animation is still not matching the cars movement and it really bothers me
Split Screen. Yeahhh
The Mercs are at the front. Not realistic.
I need split screen championship feature
pitstops look trash
Its gonna be more gb then Forza 5
We need F2 my team career
f1 life though istg  😬
formula 1
Lol the f2 is f1 sounds
So, the classic cars are at the end of the game yeah?
Will you put these tracks in f1 22 at some point as a DLC: . Turkey  . Nurburgring  . Mugello . India
This is so nfs heat i tell u hahaha. I guess they using frostbite engine as well
Characters look lifeless, Giant "EA" logo plastered on the track... Goodbye F1, and Code Masters you were great up until last year. Why does EA have to ruin EVERYTHING... It's a graphics downgrade.
don’t care, f1 manager is coming
merc with sidepods? mexico still not reworked? full prize?
Where is proposing 😅
vr is comming!!
Guys add realistic sponsors for my team.
For the life you guys must make it so that you can walk around your house
i could care less about all the extra stuff like f1 life and driving safety cars.  its just gimmicks to make people say "cool" but really whats the point?  just make the game good
i just hope two player caféer mode i still in the game
What about classic cars and tracks ?
Codemasters, I am very very happy that game has announced. Once this game comes out on July 1st, I'm gonna love it and play it.
They never bring back the F1 Classic cars man, i miss them
Another year… another year the same game..
CROSSPLAY?
historicly as soon as ea takes over the game gets worse
Nice Trailer. But in fact nothing changed
hoffentlich macht ihr mal ein anständiges karriere modus
Also on stadia would be impressive
Cross play or its no play for me
what features that comes with the PS5 but not the PS4? because i sure will play on the PS4
why the f1-75 is accurate in the thumbnail but not in the video
Great, they copy pasted F1 21, put new skin on, then added microtransactions. AWESOME JOB by EA YET AGAIN!!!!
the release date is on my birthday.
Es decir, la misma mierda con distintas moscas
Can we have the historic cars back
Can you play this off line?
Excited to see how those super cars feels with the F1 physics and the handling.
Cool, but where porpoising?
wish there was a manager mode where u don’t have to drive but u manage a team from ground up pick 2 drivers car and all that
AI looks sadly the same as 21 (toca3  12+ years old ai technology) and they ruined 2021 so 2022 isn't anything for me as they need to rework AI from ground or contact acc or milestone to buy their AI programming as codemaster doesn't know how. And I'm still sceptic about bug fixes as 21 has such amount of major bugs ruin the game to barely playable that I doubt they fixed them all for 22.
No classic cars?
Bring it to Switch man!
would have been nice to see some graphical upgrades to the circutes and human models.
probably going to cost a lot more than last year's game
I’m so surprised that Portimao will still be there !
I think everyone wants this sounds od engine on the game.. but is this possible? I dont know how Dirt Rally 2.0 have the best sounds ever , and f1 dont
eh. Rinse and repeat.
0:38 Ferrari engine sound???
Please give us flashback on 2 player career pleaseeeeee
F1 life wtf
Thank you for finally adding VR support. I will at last purchase one of your f1 games. Can’t wait.
No one gonna point out that the sidepods of every car looks almost identical
okay but can we unlap under safety car?
My team needs to be part of the multiplayer career
Whaaaaaaaaat pit stop error ? Jaja
Love the game codemaster, but i hate EA
Man I want a Porsche
Finally,EA make a game with outside action
Don't waste your time developing F1 Life, we don't care
I CANT WAIT FOR THE GAME
Who would love a Codemasters game about GT-Cars or something similar around real tracks and career features like the F1 games?
Not sure if it is just my setup since I havent changed anything but car handling seems bit weird and the cars sometimes goes the left on straights and going around isnt always as smooth as previous titles and feels like cars when going around corners brake a bit by themselves so it is no as smooth like previous titles? Is it just my set up or is it something anyone else has experienced?
Why are you putting 'drifting' in an F1 game smh
Still no VR huh?
Actually looks like it will be good fun to play. Looking forward to it.
Please make better car sounds than in 2021
I need crossplay
is there going to be a demo for consoles to try out this game
0:37
0:38
Lmfao all they did was put Madden features in here then didn't fix any core issues again 😂 yet F1 manager is super in-depth again showing EA is just krap gaming 🤣 have fun wasting money on Madden racing 😂😂😂😂😂
Does anyone know whether the game will have crossplay?
F1 22 - cross platform game or not?
When will the mobile 22 update come ?
Please fix online multiplayer
Can you do e red flag in the game
😍
Front wings are too wide they all look like Williams FW26.
Still NO Visor colour options! 3rd year I’ve been here on the trailers. See you next year 👋
Cars in F1 game
I'm open-mouthed and spacious and beautiful 🤯Can't wait for it to come out
Yeah, that EA logo is what threw me off
Can you please add more race options in the game? Moto GP 21 has Moto E most importantly and also Moto 2 - 3. Just hoping and wondering
Please just get the car sounds right! Trailer sounds are fantastic
pit error feature 😳
ferrari model looks really awesome!
Game looks like its gonna be a hit! I wish there will be classic cars though, maybe a DLC?
Still no VR ?
I saw some shopping cart icons in there... micro transactions, EA ruins everything man.
1:30 RBとMerのグラフィックがデモカーなのめっちゃ気になるんだけど これは発売までにアプデ入るんだろうか
This will be an amazing game
Ps5? Or pc?   I don't no
yall eating this up and the final quarter of the video just shows features that have been in for years😹😹😹
we want classic cars, not supercars
This game seems better than F1 2021 and it's coming out on Canada Day!
they should add ranks
Disappointed classic F1 cars are still dropped
the sound is so realistic
Are those show cars or actual car designs
I really hope as much care has gone into improving the multiplayer experience as much as the feature allowing you to pick out a sofa. Jfc.
Tbh a lot looks the same as last years version
can pick a sofa, but can’t pick more than one friend for career :(
can you play f1 2022 with a GTX 965M?
But these engine sounds are NOT in-game which is kind of pathetic really. Because this video shows that you know how it should sound. You are just too busy making money that you forget the passion!
I would love for them to bring back in classic cars, I think 2018 or maybe ‘19 was the last one that had them.
Hmm nothing looked new in my team
Yeayea cool but you guys need to add back the classics
Lets hope the sounds of the cars sounds like this …
whaat there is a simulator inside the game…. hahaha maybe the simulator is going to be better than the actual game 🤔
I’d say looks pretty underwhelming. Not a lot of changes from last year. Pretty typical EA stuff.
Forza F1 2022 Horizon
F1 22: Sofology Edition
Really good
My team is the same…
So this is what happens to an F1 game once the shack that makes The Sims gets its dirty paws on it.
If only there was something new and proper for my team mode like livery creator or at very least more options where to place sponsors and more of them not only 5 (seriously as you can notice in video it is same like last 2 games, even same sponsors placement) and the my team car was  relistic not just generic garbage from fia, it would be actually worth the money. That wide nose that is disgusting just like many other parts of it make no sense when you take a look on any other real f1 car. But yea of course they rather implement in some cosmetic f1 life nonsense which have 0 use and they will only milk money on it from micro transactions as you can also see in the video, already half of the items have to be purchased with real money. But wait the worst is how they even fool us in trailer saying new my team enchancements and the only new thing is that factory events are changed a little bit that is it, all other shots it is same like previous games.
graphics? are u there?
Come on bring red flags in this gamę please
Would be extremely cool on a VR headset! :D Hope at some point the games will have that as a feature ;)
Looks real nice
Actual F1 rules in time trial?
Online/Two Player My Team career?
crossplay??
i really really miss the classic cars. loved the events with them between the races.
Koop? Helm Design? Das waren dinge, die verbessert werden mussten. Was bringt mit denn F1 Life? Habt ihr gesoffen? Als hätte Vettel und Co zuhause solche Autos im Haus stehen. 🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️ völlig unnötig.
Make sure you fix the multiplayer bugs from the last disaster of F1 21.
I the amount of hate i have for the cars nose is unreal it looks so much different and ugly than reall life
We need a livery editor like forza and gt
Thx ea for the better game play 💪🏻
No red flags = L
Bravo
🤬
?
Red flag
The 'Test Drive Unlimited 2' Mode where I can customize my house, my clothes and get some cars, is giving me GOOSEBUMPS
Classic F1 Cars > Sports/Hyper cars
🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
So Split Screen? Wild
Hey, guys! Will you sell the physical version of this game?
I still hope there's OSD customizations
No F3🥺
What is the issue with fully manual pitstop and fully manual start parking? Like it is 22 geezus,  I can say now that I will never use the Turn In in wannabe manual pitstops.
This game is a full sim as well because if you equip any of the ASSClub clothes you have to wait at least 90 days before you can use it on your character and there is no guarantee that you will actually get it after those 90 days at all.
Classic cars
SPLIT SCREEN MULTIPLAYER WHAT
Was really hoping for some sort of "official" word on crossplay. Zero point in buying the game again if it's another year of playing solo because my friends are not on PC
Fix multiplayer god dammit
VR is awesome but can you guys PLEASE boost the darks/shadows? They are pitchdark. Look at F1 in real life or TV, it is NEVER fully dark, not even during Spa's rain was anything pitch black. It annoys the heck out of me.
could someone buy me a xbox and this ............really exciting
Does the radio work on ps5 on f1 22
Verschoor! Nice
uh oh, looks like they need to remove the water from the “marina” at Miami 1:01
Realistic steering wheels I hope..
Oh man ich freue mich schon so seeeeeehr auf F1 22
Wird es wieder eine Coop Karriere geben?   Will we have a Coop carrier again?
Dayum final version?
Classic Cars and Tracks !!!
I really hope this game would be the 1 F1 game that's just getting updated yearly at least until the 2025 season where the cars will be redesigned.
No classic cars no pay
story mode?
Sad that EA will be making the game next year...
Bring classic cars back
Still no real driver career :(
Hat mit Sport nicht's zu tun. Umweltverschmutzung triffst eher. Gehört verboten.
Ok but the Red flag? PLEASE
Do they simulate race director random rule interpretations?
Not even mentioning the biggest feature: VR? This was the main reason for not buying the F1 games for the past couple of years for me. I might actually buy the game again.
Just hope they add different steering wheels
I want to see the main wallpaper. The champion of a bygone era in the most important place.
How much development time went into F1 Life? Don't you think that instead of peddling microtransactions you could have spent that time making the game better in ways that people actually care about? No one wants super cars either, bring back classic cars, improve the UI, make my team fun for more than 1 season before having to restart.
I hope you fixed the unbelievable multiplayer bugs since years!!! Its disgusting.  PS: Does it has VR Support?
Ruining a good simulator series by codemasters to arcade f1 game in which you can select a sofa. Godd job EA
Might be weird bu pitstop errors hyped me up the most I am waiting for ai racing errors now to be realistic
Can't wait to choose my walls and flooring! 🥵
Same old menu's and interface all over again change the look of that for once..... Its starting to get boring
tiene multiplataforma?
dont really understand why the old cars got removed from the new games. seems kinda pointless to buy the new games when theres less and less content lol
The pits stop error are gonna make people going crazy😏
Allowing your player character to be a female driver is a very welcome SJW change that I hope helps shift soft power to the faster possibility of seeing a woman who can genuinely compete for the irl drivers championship!
Its the same fn game
Amazzzing...👍👍👍
I am triggered that the carmodels don't look like the real ones
Still looks and probably feels like a mobile game.
Crossplay? Give the people what they want!!!
So many unnecessary features instead of new actually important ones. Regular career mode hasn't been improved after 2019, instead it became worse after 2019. What‘s so hard about integrating the features of my team into the regular career mode?
yo codies, idk if u read the comments, but are ur servers down? i cant connect
please fix the online multiplayer lobbies, I spend about as much time looking at a black screen after a race, because it doesnt load to the next race, as I have been flying in the cloud when GTA 5 Online went ONLINE in 2013. Cmon EA, you can do this.....dont be like GT.
Lewis racing up ahead of George in the trailer is pretty unrealistic
Any racing wheel recommendations? Links?
This Game is so cool pls with Red flags pls this red flags Need this Game
Should of done s dlc were the FIA change the rules during s race
Was hoping they'd include f3 but oh well, maybe next year
No classic cars?
I love this
I would love to be able to customize the actual bodywork of the MyTeam car, ie the nose, side pods, front and rear ding etc. mainly the nose though
Wow otro juego que no jugare en mi vida
Kinda wanted to see classic cars return   but I’ll take being able to drive the safety car
Song ?
wish the update will be on mobile too...
Micro transactions incoming another franchise trashed by ea
We only need a my team coop mode and we're all good
Any chance of removing the halo central view in cockpit mode?
Well done EA! What Codemasters built in the past years is getting ruined with your microtransaction bs.
F1 life screams cash grab...knowing EA the supercars will be 5 to 10 dolars each....
the engine sound is fake... you have to see the RPM,  rpm doesn't match sound😕
Everything I wanted in a F1 game: change my sofa and t-shirt color
Can someone tell me is the 2 player career any good?
What about crossplay?
NOT BUYING THIS AFTER WHAT HAPPENED WITH LAST ONE THEY COMPLETELY IGNORE U WHEN U TELL THEM THERE IS A PROBLEM WITH GAME
This is so much better than F1 2021, in terms of the new features!
when jarno opmeer last to first in a sofa AI 110%
No classic cars :(
Classic cars????😓🥲
Looks like fun. Not worth $60 though.
No F1 Classics  Why?? It was the best
Red flags?
Can't wait 🔥
split screen for 4?
No mention of VR?
Can we get updated crash physics. Thank you.
This is looking pretty damn. Good. Nice new features, but are we getting any story mode. I liked the little story mode they had in 2021. Be nice to play that before your own career.
Classic cars???????? Com on 2020 i wait
Where is F3?
The cars look different from the real ones (front wings specially). Does anybody know if they will fix that for July 1st?
Bruh I thought when I buy f1 22 champ I get early 3 days but I didn’t just whyyy
Can I play career mode splitscreen
From what I remember, Ferrari's nose isn't that broad in real.
no F3 but is ok, i hope come a mobile version too
miami fake port seems even more realistic than irl
Mercedes and Ferrari have the same sidepots???
Give us more realistic helmets people. Career dudes looking like we just swaped in for the driver we took the place in the last minute. No sponsorships, no standard line to different teams. Y'all can do it.
아 못참겠다
Paying full Price for a Content Update🤡
THIS, is a trailer. I'm hyped
Can't wait 'til someone takes me out on a formation lap 😭😭
Please implement red flags again!
Can't they just launch the game.  Im so excited!!!!!!!
Vo te que gastar  r$250 nessa coisa mais linda😅😅😅quem e br
Love it, will definitely try to buy it! If I have the money
So still no vr???
looks lıke gta 5 wtf ea sports
How about correct car models?
I really wanted to be positive but this is a legitimate copy paste job. All they did was add in micro transactions in my team life and make sure to have Miami ready for American customers
red flag?
Will it feature no slow down or frame rate issues like it always has done. This is why I don't play F1 games anymore. I love them by find the framerate issues inexcusable.
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
This better be good. I'm looking to get and play an F1 game for the very first time. I'll probably suck though.
Will vr be a part of the game now?
seems like theyve really adapted to more realistic features and added so much customisation! really looking forward to this
0:39. Nice they're bringing back the racing line art style from F1 05. Nostalgia.
Sgon be lit 🤭
That is, there will be real car models?!
This will become game of the year for sure man all these new features 🥵🥵
Can't wait for dirty drivers to damage my wings
Irritating to still see no cross platform play
Nice, it's a shame that it's a EA game, so, let's crack it :)
Steering wheel?????
It cracked me up as they had Valterri in the pit error lol 😝
I feel like I’m the only person who’s actually excited at the idea of being able to tear the safety car round the tracks like Bernt Marylander does in real life on the Thursdays before the sessions start. I don’t much care for the supercars but the fact we get to drive the 2 safety cars is cool in my opinion because I think it’ll give us a new appreciation for how much speed, mechanical grip and downforce  these F1 cars have, especially on the same tracks as driving the safety car. The only other thing I could wish for is the F3 championship so we can fully climb the F1 ladder, and also because those cars are buckets of fun on AC and Iracing they’re literally oversteer central
But the real question is, will we be able to skip the Buxton monologue at the start of two player career mode?
Support for triple monitors?
How much real world money will all the customisation options cost hmmm
Pit stop errors aren't anything new, it already happens. I guess the bug will now be marketed as new feature.
Can’t wait for this
They shouldn't remove tracks, they should be available to non championship races. I rather keep F1 2021 (extra tracks) and F1 2019  (classic cars and removed tracks). I already have the current liveries, the game is becoming a kind of football manager, with just liveries and names changes. I rather mod my current games and save a lot of money.
Wow, this looks absolutely awesome! Loving the immersive broadcast, the pit stop errors, the graphics, the circuit updates, etc! I'll look forward to it! Shame there won't be classic cars in it still.
is it gonna be on xbox one?
I feel like redbull and ferrari performance should be different per career
it would be cool if you had to end the race early after a crash/defect, and be able to continue watching the race as in highlight mode, i find it so boring when you notice that the table just comes up and that's it. I would like to see how the race progressed. i don´t need that F1-Life stuff...
You can choose the drivers shoes in private but I bet you still can't unlap yourself under SC conditions. That's priorities LOL.  Maybe get the driving and rules right first, then develop a editor to choose shoes for your driver?
I think there should be more customizability to the liveries in myteam, instead of preset sponsor logo positioning and sizing, it should be all custom, so we can create cars that truly look like they belong on the grid.
why bother with F2? bring old tracks back instead.. other than that, not much changes to 21, not very excited.
0:28 (flashback of Monaco 2021)
We finally getting the actual calendar rather than the proposed calendar crap we git for the last 2 games? Nice ill start buying it again now
Assetto corsa is still much beter than f1 22.. its nuts that the official game is not better than Assetto…
We  need a simple feature what would makes our lives easier. We need race restart in a 2 player carrier mode. PLS Codemasters. Also a more player carrier mode would be phenomenal e.g. can start a carrier mode with 3-4 player if you want.
I miss classic cars
Still no updated Models I see. I guess we can expect them in F1 2023 then, like the changes to Abu Dhabi we had to wait a year for?
Will the changes of Spa be in the game, too?
great music video
Can’t wait
Where are the classic cars?
To be honest I really like the handling and ffb of f1 the game so really curious how the f1 life cars drive, I’m excited a lot actually I know a lot aren’t but we have to see first
Looks like car performance based of Bahrain and Jeddah. McLaren 8th???
Some models of the cars look wrong. Ferrari, RB, Mercs and few other teams don't have big wide nose.
Can’t wait to play f2 instead of having to go on braking point for it
Any classic cars?
Che Burro🥵🥵
Does it support TrueForce from Logitech G923?
I just care about no bugs in multiplayer mode. That's it. If that's solved then it's a big W for league racing
I WILL BUY THUS GAME AND I WILL PLAY HOURS EVERY DAY.
Took you guys long enough to include basic features that should have already been in the game. Good job. When are we getting tracks that used to be in the older f1 games? Like hockenheimring
No confirm on f1 retro cars like f2002, mclaren m23 or wut?
Updated tracks should have also been in f1 2021...
Hud is not real
Who is mclaren vuse brand?
Not Having Red Flags is in itself, a red flag. WIll the MyTeam community pit at the end of the lane for 10 years in a row, despite the order having changed? You had all these Niche' voice lines added in Braking Point* & now the focus is on Clothing MTX's - I want a full blown argument with my Engineer on Lap 17 about changing to Slicks from wet, instead of intermediates. or at the least a kimi esque, & i quote "shut up i know what I'm doing" over the radio. It's a one way conversation. - Thrilling stuff you've teased the customization of the actual MyTEAM calendar being able to race wherever you like and have multiple races at the same track, including ones you may or may not add.  or thats just simply GRAND PRIX mode?   oh but great trailers, quality lighting.
Is it me or some cars are not the same compared to the one in real life. Look at Ferrari for example, front wings and the bottom "nose" of the care is much more "sharp shaped" in the real model, while here is the same model as the one from F1 21.
the car sounds are completely fake in this trailer and 100% not in the game this way. for f2 they literally played over f1 engine sounds
Will it be on the Nintendo Switch? I'd buy it there asap
What about the updates to spa and Austria?! Also PLEASE add the Audi R8
With My Team being the most popular mode I thought that more improvements would have been made. Looks like a copy and paste job from last year
Do we FINALLY get to see the full field on the position tracker on the left hand side of the screen???
Screw those damn Supercars man 🤬 bring back the old cars you thieves. Bloody crooks
Remember when battlefield 2042 gameplay trailer release?    Yeah, it's feel same...
Ok the F1 life has a bunch of supercars.  But I just want a Golf.
Gotta wait for the arrival in the EA Access ting goddamn I can't spend so much for almost the same product as always
This game is 100x better then F1 2021.
Can anyone see if the cars are going to all look the same (ie, the show cars)
Can't wait to have to buy the Option tyre DLC during my pitstops.
OMG GT3 Love Love EA 🔥🔥🔥🤩🤩🤩
just so i get that right, you can play sims now in F1 but dont have an actual career mode........ok
I won’t but any more F1 game until there is a real improvement on graphics
Seems like they kept portugal and china which is nice, still no turkey though
I just got the game thinking I was about to play it but I didn’t realize it said July 1 not June 1
Let's Go To the Madness,Boys.
please change the idealline to the one from F1 2021
Still no VR support? Cmon
I need to see some big time improvement of the helmet customization like GT7.
I read that the release date was June 1st i was so pumped 😭
Codemasters: **Adds pit stop errors** The guy who always races in a ferrari: I'm scared
Still no red flags 👎
So no classic cars noooooo
F1 life is just gonna be microtransaction hell that will slowly consume the game and will ruin the F1 series forever
I would be no-lifing this game
Too bad the sound in the game won't be the same as in the video. Still, I'm looking forward to the game.
Who honestly gets an f1 game to drive a supercar?
Hope it will have better handling than the f12021 which is the worst game in the serious.. looking forward to get rid of ot by 1st july
A lot of gadgets and some tracks not updated since 2016 (Spielberg, Silverstone, Interlagos) but let's go for more useless features !
Getting back the historic cars would've been nice, I really liked taking one of the old McLarens, Williams, of Ferraris around the new circuits, but it sounds like there are some notable improvements here, excited to try it!
Wow. Amazing. F1 game legit.
This is the best game ever!!
A gdzie czerwona flaga ? Zróbcie przełom w tej odsłonie F122 i dodajcie to !
What about crossplay for ps5 and xbox series?
tarumlüg rutangisnetauq   Programmierer  der  Master K. I.        .!.
Still waiting for some confirmation on what VR Headsets that fully work. "If it works in Steam VR it works in the game" isn't good enough in my opinion.
Where are the things the fans always ask about: red flags, realistic Safety cars, an animation to clean and repair the track after an accident?
Miss the classic cars.
Hulkenberg is in the game 0:34
do engines have different sounds?
No VR??
Still no classic cars huh
Saporra num vale R$ 350 nem fudendo
As Definições de Puta que Pariu, Caralho, a Perfeição de Jogar F1 foram atualizadas com Sucesso! Caralho ♥️♥️♥️♥️
I hope the cars won't actually look like this? Because they don't look near the real one atm...
Crossplay?? Yes or no
Porpoising should be in the game highlights
Imagine buying an f1 game to race f1 cars for years and years then seeing a new feature to be able to race other cars and thinking oh, thats a good idear?  Umm, ea.. we buy this game for the F1.   GT or forza for the other cars.
Nothing new for myteam? Nothing new for customisation, or lack thereof?  Oh dear
Wow it’s een cool game man thanks 😎
No classic F1 cars??? SMH wack.
Another game without Red flags
I'm glad the female drivers have full hair now. That was a minor gripe I had.
00:34 is there Hulkenbergs name?
I really want to be able to change the color of the number. If we can’t change the font…okay that’s fine. But for God sakes, can we please change the color this year
Remind me never to join Red Bull in this... Codemasters just gave us a sabotage feature...
No porpoising effect?
banderas rojas no hay?
F1 Live screams EA. Other than that I'm exited!
Amazing
More micro transactions  smh
I just know people are gonna rage about the pit stop errors and say they're too RNG lmao
Bring more f1 games to mobile please . I very enjoyed f1 2016 to mobile
Crossplay? 🥲
Interlagos it´s the best circuit and doesnt appers never on trailler and materials...
na real depois da compra bate a  frustração 🤦‍♂
VR??????????????????????????????????????
still no red flags 😢
pleg sikeb
I'm yotober
Will the game have crossplay ?
Im so hyped
"Pitstop errors" **Bottas is gonna sit this one out**
A mac version for steam?
Wow I can't wait  to get f1 2022  ps4
Retro car ?
Right now i love the pit errors but when your racing its gonna be a pain but dont get rid of that feature
Is you also gonna bring back alternate track lay-outs and classic cars in the future, they were so good on F1 2019
Cross plat?
No Red Flag ?
0:33 p21, semms like we can put hülkenberg in our myteam
I already know they wont fix career mode just like in FIFA, after one season the career is buggy and crashes. Unplayable
What about red flags?
Crosplay?
Graphics is awesome
1:07 nice to see they added a t-shirt that represents F1 fans
Wow even portugal and china is still in the game even tho they are not in the calender
The only thing I would have liked to see is on the last lap if the engineer doesn’t have to tell you anything really important they commentate the last lap. I think it would just add that extra bit of pressure.
Split screen multiplayer is what sold it to me 🙏🙏
When's demo out?
No F3? Shame... And the pitstop errors, I copy other people's comments: A feature I love now, but will hate later kkkk
Is this a yearly subscription?
Looks trash, can't wait to spend my entire weekends playing it
Pit Stop errors is gonna be such an annoying addition. Wait & watch. You'll be the only one with errors while AI opponents will never have them or you will have more errors than any AI.
No Classic Car's :/ 😥
Immersive Broadcast? You Cut down on features and call it immersive???
Denuvo = no buy thats fact.
Imagine McLaren P1 here
Portugal is still playable!
The most appealing part in all of this was the camera shake in first-person mode! (0:10) (0:40) - I really hope this is something that can be switched on during the gameplay and not something that has been added as an effect to the footage.
Cool features aside, this feature trailer is awesomely edited and good at making mega hype. Though I'm not too thrilled about customizing my character in a racing game, it is what it is these days. Realistic unforeseen circumstances sure to bite you in the butt at the worst possible moment!
cant wait for no crossplay again..
This game actually looks like it’s gonna be sick 🤞🏼
HIlarious, barely any new additions that make tangible improvements to the racing and team experience, but don't worry guys!!! You can pay real money to buy pretend sunglasses for your pretend driver!!!! and we have sofas!!!!! suck my 🅱️alls, mate
Will there be voice command for xbsx?
Wow instead of classic cars we got……. F1 life
Pit errors is a feature that I love now but will hate later
Will the game run on a gtx 1050?
They're taking the game in completely the wrong direction with this F1 'life' nonsense
Classic cars?
now the pit crew can make mistakes
No legends cars?
Is available in cellphone?
"New My Team"  looks exactly the same
No more single player campaign? :(  I wanted to kick Devon Butler's ass again :)
please get the game out now!!!
Maybe you want to fix multiplayer first ?
why is it the broadcast from last year?
1:34 Turkish gp ????
They even got the fake water in Miami. Fantastic.
Omg this game is so full of different things 🤯🤩
People from Russia also want to play the new formula
Ever year F1 gets better and better. And this f1 life sounds pretty good, it's going to be something like the crew 2.
Ah yes split screen, bring back memories 😊
let me drive golf!!!
Would love to see telemetry shown like in TV, or just standings
F1 life is a waste of development in my opinion, we have forza for that. Apart from the main menu, I see no use for it. I hope they focus of bringing back contract negotiation like 2019, classic cars and tracks. Further customization in my team such as custom liveries, designs and different car body part options such as front and rear wings. Real companies being featured as sponsors, team orders, updated media questions. Bring back red flags and LET US DRIVE IN THE PITLANE FFS. I'm glad there are new features but EA need to make an impression that they aren't going to ruin F1 the way they did FIFA .
No F3?,  Would love the option to go from the bottom league all the way to the top.
i hope pit stop errors arent too common
Just me thats concerned that 1 month before official release they still don't have the final models for the F1 cars in the trailer?
The car models for Mercedes, Red Bull and Ferrari are wrong, are they gonna be updated to the actual ones ?
Christ the stock FOM car looks like hot garbage.
Why you gotta make me even more bored because i can't play it. The game looks awesome though, much more realistic looking than the last one by the clips!
They forgot the online glitches in this video...
Eh, underwhelming
PC triple screen support, where it at?
Please just fix that pit anitmation for once, looks terribe for such an advanced game
Please make a proper crash /damage simulation.
Is there more in depth helmet design this year?
wow ... amazing
Cross play?
the model design on the mercedes looks horribly wrong
EA's micro transactions better not flood this game or shove the podium pass in your face on every menu/loading screen. I think the community would appreciate red flags, car customization/visuals, ffb, handling improvements, cross play, myteam improvements etc. Cool I can look at a fake couch nicer than the one I'm sitting on, but does it really make the game better?
What we want: New game engine, better graphics, better physics, better destruction, better AI, laser scanned tracks, red flags, pre season testing, F3…  What we got: F1 life with micro transactions.
After all, Ferrari's sound is different from reality.
And no classic cars 😥 ..
crossplatform?
Oh great I can pick my own couch ! but no voice control on console, amazing let’s focus on the stuff that matters then shall we 🤪
Cross play?
And camera angles of the wheels that make you look like you're running obscene amounts of toe in. Destroys the immersion but that's EA for you.
I have to sell my lungs to buy it in Argentina :D, i guess i have to wait 4 years till they low the price
No classic cars?
I want classic cars back.. please bring it back
Two downsides,  F1 life and no F3
I really hope you can add the dlc tracks to ur race calendar and customize them, but as seen in 2021 that probably wont be the case...
Still no red flags...
Srsly not even here car models updated.. i rly hope they dont release this like that
Hopefully Propoising effect is implemented too
Is it possible to play with a controller?
Split Screen is still a thing huh. I'm glad
Cars still look ugly
Just release the game. Why wait until mid season this is so stupid. They don‘t do it like that with fifa.
Yes !!! This is formula 1 !!!!
Everything but the red flags.
if it starts to rain you can't run and you have to wait.  How F1 changed
Mercedes is not slim
And damage?
We should have cool down rooms too
Avec la puissance de nos consoles, le jeu devrait depuis longtemps avoir la qualité de ce trailer ( sons , fluidité, animations, effets ...) , on se fait enfumer à chaque fois
wow.
Will you be able to drive as one of the legends in carreer?
No red flag???
0:03 Ferrari Car Model
All new features, same celebrations 😄
Does anybody know that happens with breaking point?
A report button please thank you
Is there dlc tracks?
Games aren’t just games anymore, wow!
Add customizable helmets/liverys ❌❌❌ Add customizable sofas ✅✅✅
Sounds? Nothing again about sounds? I bet they botched it again… huge data and one of the most important thing will be botched again… smh..
Adaptive AI? Yeah, no thanks. Why is this still a thing in a game with difficulty sliders provided? Are you telling me that gamers are too lazy to take a couple of seconds to manually change the difficulty setting by themselves?
It's getting better and better, just need the commentary feature back, "and the lights out, go go go" F1 2006 vibes
Proper job but I do miss the classic cars.
Bring back classic cars
Please add porpoising
I like how they've modeled some of the cars and haven't finished Ferrari, Redbull, and Mercedes'
Still reckon it would be cool if you could pick a custom steering wheel for your my team
I really hope they add F3 too... maybe in the 2023 game
I can't play F1 22 because I don't have a Laptop😔... But Am getting a laptop next year 😃
Let’s gooooo bring heat on the track can’t wait yaaaayoooooo
Would have loved to see this game come to Stadia.
Q1 Q2 Q3? Real ir not?
i wish the car design was more accurarte to look like that of the actual cars instead of having one generic sidepod design
still haven't fixed the front wings... good old codemasters.
So much features it’s like nerve wracking but it will be explained and introduced good
Still waiting for split screen career mode so i can play with my cousins
I can’t believe they’re even with EA now and the drivers still look like crap on the podium…
TAKE MY F***ING MONEY!!!!
bora, tô muito ansioso pra escolher meu sofá e piso favorito! LETS GO
wow. what a trailer. this looks incredible
Love that we can choose the order of races. Australia to open the season again
i wanna see porpoising effect on mercedes haha
Well.. when I won the Constructors Cup the celebration was the exact same as when I won the 1st race... im gonna pass this year
I must say, EA is doing better than my expectations (For the moment, by the way), even letting a hit in the air if there are DLC tracks coming. So excited! Just don't burn my money in a wrong way and we're good to go
McLaren been done dirty at least 6th 8th is a bit low
Nice , but wrong looking cars! Mercedes with big side pods and redbull/Ferrari with wide nose? Most f1 cars actually have sharp/thin nose.
WHERE....IS.....THE......CROSS-PLATFORM....PLAY???!!!??? DAMN IT I DON'T CARE ABOUT CROSS-GEN!!!!!! IT'S ABOUT TIME YOU WAKE UP....
car models still look the same Mercedes and Aston looks horribly off
Hope the adaptive AI provides some great offline racing!
Classic F1 cars? No? Guess I'll stick with F1 2020.  Maybe they'll make them a paid dlc.
All of this is good but please tell me I will be able to Tokyo drift around Saudi Arabia
Wait Portugal is in f1 22 let’s goo
Não é possível que os carros vão ficar com esse visual padronizado. Tomara que sigam mais fielmente as diferentes soluções aerodinâmicas. É também o som dos motores. Pois o som da Ferrari esse ano na minha opinião é o melhor de todos! Muito parecido com 2018.
No more time ball scratch during pit stops :(
1 like = 1% that codemasters will add f3 for f1 2023.
why no classic cars :( 2020 was legit so good for that
I got a bad feeling about pitstop error..lol
I bet split screen controller vibrations bug wont be fixed this time either
I havent bought an F1 title since 2016. This looks really good and I hope that it lives up to the 100% price increase of pre-2021 titles.
I dont think one game a year its the way to go 🤌🤌🤌
Co-op campaign still going to be a thing? Sure hope so!
the best F1 game of 2022???
Co op?
The new practice programs looks intresting
Thank God I already pre-ordered the game n I'll be able to play it three days before its release.
The Safety Car rule in the game?
ok u have pit stop error, but any strategy errors like what just happened at Monaco?
we need classic f1 cars back…
I like F1 life. Especially that AMG GT Black Series. When they will include the Project One?
Why isn't Sochi in the game? Its nobody's favourite track but it was on the official calendar, China and Portimao appear to be available to drive so why not Sochi? Politics shouldn't stop a virtual track being in a video game....
The sound effects they used for the cars here is not what I've heard/seen in the pre reviews. F1 2021 cars either sounded very similar or really weren't anything like the real thing
Pre ordered mine already. Lets go !
Plz make it free with in game purchases
The only thing I am complaining about is car sounds. The sound department of CM is lazy af. As a whole studio, they cannot make a proper car sound while a random guy playing Assetto creates the exact sound
Where are the red flags ?
Okay the fact that has split-screen multipleplayer is already a good start tho. But let's not forget this is EA!
This is awesome 🤩
Beyond exited
What red flag in the game no logic
Looks like dlc to me.
EA putting clothes in a F1 game, they are screwing up as always…
They should incorporate strategy mistakes like Ferrari 🤣
Please add more stuff in my team career still basically the same as last year
Never knew pitstop errors were there that must be awesome!! But i wish they had the classic cars back :(
why do all cars have the same chasis and just different liveries? 😑
What we need is a proper livery editor instead to preset liveries
Is that saying there is actual commentary while racing? That would give it a more real feel to the game.
Did they list "immersive broadcast" three different times?
Virtual Reality is the number 1 new feature that extrapolates the entire experience :) Before VR you had a flat 2D Monitor that had the game inside >> with VR you are literally seating inside the car in glorious 3D, and you even have your helmet on :P
0:34 wow there is Hulkenberg in the game😍😍😍
For anyone who wants to know what the song is in the background, it's called "Jericho" By Jacknife and The Bloody Beetroots
I like codemaster ea the inovation never ends unlike milestone 🗿. wish motogp game develop by codemaster ea
umm furniture? microtransactions? wtf EA
where red flag
The Miami Marina is a perfect reimagining. Boat models whacked on some static water print. So life-like.
"F1 Life" might as well just be called "Microtransaction cash-grab."
I was low key hoping for a cool down lap feature
Hope there will be those invitation events
Thanks for adding pit stop errors! Can we add redflags that force me to sit and do nothing for 30 minutes too?
All cool and all but we want classic f1 Cars to be back
Are the cars proposing or is it just some sorta editing?
Why never official graphics during the game ?☹
Quando si fa il pit, la vettura si muove troppo macchinosa andando a fermarsi dai meccanici e ripartendo se vedete bene si può migliorare
Hopefully one new feature is toggling PitCoins and the Podium Pass off.  They're optional, right? Why not have the option to turn these free-to-play mechanics off?
please bring back the classic cars
As a Ferrari fan, I DON'T WANT PIT ERRORS !!!1!1!!
will they add the porpoising issues
Ma di che stiamo parlando 😍😍😍😍😍
Imagine losing the championship to a pit error
Custom seasons in career mode😍
If the engine sounds don’t improve . Honestly big shame to Codemasters if they can’t fix it . On the trailer the engine sounds are good and realistic I hope it remains that way when it is released . Modders in assets corsa can make better engines in a day
Where is classic tracks ?
Pit errors and the F1 life sounds AMAZING
F1 life sounds awesome so dose the pit errors
1 month away can't wait!
Hi F1 I want to ask if the F1 2022 game Will be on Android and iPhone?
STOP..using fake sounds for trailers,those are the real f1car sounds...your sounds dear codemasters SUCK
So happy there crossplay F1 2022 next get on fifa bring it on
I was hoping for Improved Multiplayer like dedicated servers :(
Finally, A F1 game where the AI can possibly stand a chance against me and try to stop me from beating my 80-or-so race win record in F1 2021. The only issue is that I want a livery editor that is similar to that in the mobile F1 game and Real Racing 3.
Wtf I’ve just seen
Classic Cars?
Good video but why can't they update the steering wheel dash? Other games have already done it and this is the official game clearly they know this is not what the dash of modern F1 steering wheel's look like.
If we don’t get the rules not applying to Max and Latifi crashing every damn race, it’s not F1.
Classic cars pls
cant wait to play this game!
Immersive broadcast looks cool however during a Safety car the game just pits you efen if you don't want to sometimes. Aarava had that
Are the engine and braking sounds as realistic as in this video? cuz that was really missing last game the engine sound were not real
Any legendary/classic cars and drivers in this version
More improvements than codemasters brought into the game within 10 years.
They didn't mention about VR?  The only reason I am buying this game BECAUSE of VR.  Nothing else!
i hope Turkish GP will be added as a DLC and many more! And finally Custom Calendar is added! Both of these together is just amazing.
Broadcast cam insists in doesnt look like real broadcast cam. This is a very stupid decision. Again...
And still no F3 or classic cars :(
Id love it if we were able to customise helmets with different decals so they weren’t just generic
I haven't seen one person mention this yet but could be wrong. But I love the driver POV and how the camera is doing a slight subtle shake, it really shows the intensity of the cars and the speed that comes with them>. If they keep that I'll be the happiest guy
I hope ea does this with fifa
EA and codemasters we want the classic cars please don't let us down and don't ruin the F1 franchise please don't make the second game without classic cars
By adaptive AI do they mean their drive style and/or the AI difficulty level that adjust itself. Because I hate having to touch myself difficulty depending on the track. Break the immercivness.
Finally accurate ish performance rank - except McLaren should be just under Mercedes!
F1 life & supercars 👎
It would be such a small but immersive detail for you to add the proper double waved yellow and wet weather flag animations to the marshals and digital boards :)
Nice new features!!
It would be such a small but immersive detail for you to add the proper double waved yellow and wet weather flag animations to the marshals and digital boards :)
Online in F1 22 gonna work?
Is it crossplay?
what happened with the real model cars? the original its kind ugly
If F1 and Forza Horizon had a child together:
🔥
Omg why cant waited for this year game
Give me back my Classic cars
ew you can be a woman? disgusting
I really hope this get Game of the Year. EA and  Codemasters deserve it ❤️❤️❤️
No classics 😔
compatible with BJ/HE pedals ???  Or no change since F1 2019 and still no fix?
Those menus seem pretty 2Kish :D
Finallyyyy adaptive AI
We need F3, classic cars, reserve drivers, servers for multiplayer... no f1 life with supercars and sofa editor... PLEASE!!!
Will the game get realistic car models? They are all the same at the moment..
No two player my team ? That's surprising (and sad)
As much as everyone hates EA I think the extra budget they provided made a massive difference 😂
0:35 Hulk? 👀 Down in P21
Ah yes... cant wait to drive supercars and deck out my home in the Official Formula 1 Game....
Pls put the chill lap manual after the race 🙏
So I can customise my house but I still have 4 generic helmet designs to chose from!? Come on EA. WHERES THE FULL LIVERY EDITOR AT!??!?
This Aston Martin doesn't look like a Red Bull in this game..
0:34 the best part is that zhou is a goat in p2 🐐🐐🐐
and still no mouse support i guess
I swear if the interior design in f1 life has more customisation options than how our cars look visually lmao
will it perform well in vr? Will they have support for the mouse in the menus? or they will still be so stupid not to include it.
Cool and all but still no red flag and we still can't race on old tracks. We just want more freedom.
Yes yes yes yes yes
Is there going to be crosplay ?
dissapointing.
No mention of VR at all in the trailer? Odd given it's the first F1 game to officially support it...
Yes!! Finally, pit stop errors!!
Please don’t put cross platform after 2 years :)
cant afford it
>Pit Stop errors [Leclerc didn't like that]
My two wishes is we had more accurate rear mechanical grip. Like far less wheels spin in 5th gear like in real life they can full throttle in 2nd for most tracks and corners. Even in Monaco they were fine with 1st and 2nd gear in full wet. Watch onboard of Gasly. You can no way do that in F1 games. Hopefully these new improvements are more closer to what we see in real life but honestly I’m not expecting it.   Next thing is less random spins from curbs they have gone even more serious with curbs in this game I hear. I don’t see that in real life do you?!   I really like the pit stop errors that’s an awesome little feature. I’m assuming in career modes that happens when your team is kinda fresh and then at some point you might develop them and iron those mistakes out a bit more so they become less frequent.  What I would love though is yes the player knows what they had a difficult race these pit mistakes or mechanical failures or what not.   But the game never really tells you too we’ll or acknowledges issues out of your control.   Say if you have a pitstop error or failure not only does your engineer needs to tell you but the team needs to take that into consideration. You can get in trouble for not performing well in career mode so at least the team should say listen that was a tough race not your fault the pit stop error was out of your control something like that. And if  interviews are back same in there. The play could lose a contract for issues like this and it’s not your fault.   Well in same cases that can be realistic I mean we’ve seen some teams not favours their drivers even if the DNF or failure wasn’t their fault they still get the short end of the stick lol.
Will you be able to walk around your apartment? And if you can, can you walk into other people's apartment?
Bring Jeff back
I do enjoy the direction the sound is going
1:27 Nice Renault R30 style livery
Damn! This got me hyped! Looks dope
Juegazo
Damn that alfa romeo pit stop error made me laugh hard
WHERE ARE THE CLASSIC CARS?
Colocando pistas diferentes e não somente as que estão no f1 vai ser bom
I really want this on the switch
we acn only pray that the sounds will be in the game as they are in the trailer
Mhh, Portugal and china on the calendar 🤔🤔
Hope they fix the HORRIBLE multiplayer experience.
Hyped.
Please tell me the dumb porpoising is an option or joke right? You do know it's NOT meant to do that and they're trying to fix it IRL?
1:34 I guess Portimao is returning
Why can't we be able to put actual real life sponsors on our MyTeam cars? Looks awful when you've only got a handful of made up sponsors to choose from? At least make it so we can have Pirelli or something
Could have at least updated the graphic design of my team, its getting boring
COOP season saving is all we need!
are we getting mugello? last game we got a couple of tracks but not mugello
Gonna be fire
Classic cars would be nice
Why no classic cars though?
Im cautiously optimistic. This is EA after all... but maybe this wont be like other games? I really hope not.
Alex Albon and I are ready to bring Williams into the next era!
"enter the new era" but no cross-platform? Nice one! Game looks good but not really a fan of the F1 life supercars. Its formula 1 game. I already have GT7 :)
Classic Cars?🥲
My only complaint about this is gonna be F1 life, that seems a bit too unnecessary
When are we getting the demo?
OMG a VR F-1 game! So how long have we been waiting for this? Since Pole Position on Arcade!!!!
🥰🥰🥵
One problem.... Where's F3
But F3 ? 🥺
We need a story/ campaign/ breaking point or whatever. Something interesting, not changing gloves and helmet
Remember when almost everyone was against EA? Look at how they have improved te game in such a short period. Fkn codemasters couldn’t even update the curbs at Monza in less than 10 years.
I appreciate that they made the water around the boats in Miami look crap like real life 🤣 as the previous trailer it was rendered water
Title of song?
Why do Mercedes have side pots? I'm so frustrated about that
I’m predicting Jarno to lose an online tournament over a wheel nut getting stuck in the pits
Yay, new year, same game. But who cares, you will make your money anyway...
Im hyped for it and cant wait to start. But still im a bit disappointed by myteam...  Give us some freedom with the liveries and the parts like nose, frontwing etc.  Even with all sponsorings on it the cars wont fit in the grid nicely.   Let me guide the team the way i want. Give us some options. Like using ferraris frontwing but mercedes' sidepods for example. This would be so cool 🤯
Can we change order of races in career mode now?? so not always bahrain first for example/
Why is Max not in the thumbnail of the game
no multiplayer server improvements? No xplay? :(
Finally champagne comes out of the bottles
Say what you want about EA, but at least this seems like a major improvement from 2021 to 2022.
Finally they for once showing us F1 fans the hall grid position list not only the short version good job Codemasters and 2 things added on the game pit stop erros witch happends to often in real life and sprint race aswell in F1 cool audition in the game.👍🙏👌👏
I saw that little sneak with the new upgrade for the pit stop equipment.....I like what I see
So no breaking point this year?
Why do so many people want to have the red flag ?
Starting to really feel the EA touch here despite them having "no influence on development...." That F1 Life just screams the beginning of ridiculous micro-transactions. Granted the MTs were already there with the podium pass and everything but feels like they are going to kick it up a notch especially with the supercars 🙁 Not excited if I'm correct. If it weren't for the regulation and car changes i probably wouldn't pick this up and stick with 2021. Hope they bring back the invitational events and maybe the other tracks that we were supposed to see a couple years ago. I actually quite liked Hanoi despite not loving most street circuits.
New ferrari, alfa, haas and alpine models spotted in the first 15 secs👀🥵
Everything nice, but for sure F2 2022 drops maybe 1/2 of the season of F2 2023. Trailer does too much compared to  reality
I hope there is Vettel wearing his underwear over his clothes
f1 life? lmao
Just give it to me already
To have the supercars like mclaren 720s u need to have premiuim edition
no history mode?
Hope they update it with the double box feature when you're playing as Ferrari.
Real hud?
How is everyone so excited?  I just see how it develops into the next Fifa.
crossplay?
Guys anyone knows if I can chose a specific number of races on the MyTeam Career? Like the order of the races and the number, 18,20 etc
Is this a F1 X The sims collab?
Hello which steering wheels are supported by f1 22, would like to buy me one
These updates look fantastic. I'm excited to play.
I can't stand how much nose design differs from real life cars
Oh great....i was already getting 3-4 second pitstops, now they've added errors to make it even longer. On a postive note you've learned how to model hair, it's only taken you four years.... but congratulations. All you need to do now is add a livery editor that's on par with Gran Turismo and Forza.
Looks very promising and a much better upgrade compared F1 2020 -> 2021. Lots of new stuff that looks to be great additions to the game, can't wait to play it in VR Impressed they managed to add all the new features in on a yearly released title, with it being the 1st season on the new regs where no one really knew how the cars actually drove prior to testing less than 4 months ago.
overall great improvements, but i didnt see anything in car customization (liverys,brands etc etc)
Nico Hülkenberg is back for My Team ❤️🥰
Oh my good omg YA NO PUEDO ESPERAR A JUGARLO
😍🤩
Classic cars next year?
Finally, a MyCrib... Only 2k5 set that standard 20 years ago.
Everyone has already said it, but we also need an F3 championship.
Wooow What a game and what a features. Can't wait guys. This will be lit to play.
f3 and f4? story mode? old tracks?
Wow, this is pathetic. You guys did the absolute BARE MINIMUM. All the menus look the exact same, same font and text word for word. F1 Life is only in the game because you guys sold yourselves out to EA. You guys did nothing! You guys only changed the looks of the cars and handling because that's what you're supposed to do since it's a new generation of cars and updated the tracks so late compared to the MOTO GP series. You guys are seriously a trashy and lazy company. The only thing that I see is actually new is pit stop errors. That's it. No red flags yet, no changing your teammates strategy, no old tracks, no old cars, etc. You guys seriously suck at making games.
Please add a track DLC later in the game
Bruh no classic f1 cars
Disappointed
Is there any chance for classic cars to be back? ...guys? Please?
i think this will be the best f1 game of all time. So excited to have it
Glad to see EA immediately creating as many micro transactions as humanly possible with f1 life
Why Mercedes cars have side pods? It doesn't even look like the mockup car they showed during car reveal.
Is gonna to be crossplay?
Only 3 circuits update ?
The same arcade game from 2016 ahahahha
Would love to see F3 be added at some point in the series! And I love that you are finally putting in pitstop errors!!! Makes it feel even more immersive than before! Can’t wait to play this!
Some says EA will be sold to big companies such as Amazon Disney etc i hope it will be sold as soon as possible.
No historical cars ???
Wish to add Ferrari's strategy errors hahaha
That looks crazy, i know its EA but i'll buy anyway
Those who tested said that the handling is the same as the 2021 and that they only remodeled last year's cars
what r those other cars is it only for fun ?
looks great but id trade the entire f1 life for a actual livery editor any day
The mercedes have sidepods 😐😐🧐🧐
I would say a lot of people are happy with the new additions but I really cannot understand why there was such a focus on the ‘F1 life’ aspect of the game.   Sure it bring some nice cosmetics and other small additions but it is useless and it was hyped up to be some amazing feature when in reality is has no gameplay purpose.   I love the new handling mechanics and other features such as the pit stop faults, but I really think the time that was infested into F1 life could’ve gone somewhere else much needed.
Solo viendo a Hamilton en los primeros puestos ya se ve claro que es un refrito del 2021 con las nuevas skins y tal. Cada año la misma mierda. Y siguen sin cambiar motor gráfico, en gen ps5... patético
😍😍😍
Looks great, can't wait to see how EA will ruin it with micro transactions!
When on switch?
Can we get red flags-
No classic content, no buy sorry 😞
I Hope Hockenheimring will come back
Pit stop error... Me using flashback 🤠
Please add Formula E!!!
Is there still an online co-op career mode ?
Looks really good and all but I am still waitikg for Crossplay! I really do think they should impement that. if they do confirm Crossplay I will be happy to buy the Game.
So is there crossplay or not?
Where are the classic cars from previous games?
WE NEED THE VIBRATING AS AN OPTION
You can't tell me people think this looks near real life. What life do you live 😂
F1 classics??????
Plz keep the aggressive ai they only over take on drs straights on f1 2021
Demo please
Is the shake in the POV also in the game or just an effect from the trailer?
Colors are too saturated
F1 GLOW UP😂
Incrível 😛😛😛🤟🏽
I need this game!!
1:34  Custom calendar? Finally! Nice. This will be so refreshing.
Gamepass?
Can't wait to can't wait
Guys pls we need Crofty to commentate  races, it will make it such more interesting and exciting.  Cmon any sport games have commentaries and it awesome why not
This is getting a loooot better!!!!!
Looks amazing. I now play f1 2021 on my mobile phone, just need to sync a game pad, clamp on and play anywhere at all. Get my practice laps in anywhere. Just tried Monaco. Check it out
Thanks for no PSVR. Again 🙄
They addes Portugal as a playable track without a dlc. Im sold
You did it again codemasters you made the best racing game… now can I get a free copy please lol 😂
The only thing i don't like so far or better said pisses me off, is that we can't drive the dlc or whatever they'll call the New tracks in carreer. That's a massive downer for me
F1 Life seems like a completely unnecessary feature to me^^
There should be in this game the classic cars as F1 2020: Jordan 1991, McClaren 1988, Renault 2006, Ferrari Niki Lauda, Ferrari 2004, etc..
So you talk about all features and you ignore most important one which is VR?
graphics are still from the 2021 season? why not update it to match current graphics
Will the game contain crossplay?
pit stop errors are cool
I wish they didn't put too much effort in f1 life...looks so generic...i miss the immersion from 2010 when you are in the paddock as an actual driver,not some clown sitting on a couch  Red flags and custom calendars are still needed  Also my team looks the same...no changes ,even the cutscenes look the same  Other things are okay
when will realease on Gamepass ?
Hopefully when they have the different cars you can pick when your starting a race there is f1 f2 f3 and classic cars instead of f1 f2 22 and f2 21 and classic cars and f1 can be more realistic with spin outs and drivers crashing into eachother
Why mercedes still have sidepod? No detail update?
Can’t wait to drive super cars on the is f1 game
We don't need f2 we need classic cars and lots of tracks
Do we get “human error” (FIA manipulation) in the final race of the season?
No porpoising detail, not enough content.
The only thing lefft to add is classic F1 cars
Where is our red flag?
why mclaren so bad there
Since when is there water in the Miami harbour ?
Looks amazing! Although insert EA greed
Looks so amazing!!! Still no In Game Commentary?
Why not red flags!!??
"circuit updates" how  about you laser scan your tracks, like most of good driving games?
Looks good
I am looking forward to playing F1 2022!!!
The whole My Team feature looks amazing!
Please give us different car models to choose from in my team i dont wanna be stuck using the standard multiplayer car for all eternity. There are so many different car concepts that we could choose from, like a design without sidepods like the mercedes, or the Ferrari bathtub design, or the Red Bull / Aston martin concept.
Wow
I’m sorry. This is just… sad to see.  Just like other sports games who have a monopoly on the license.  Release a “new” game every year with stuff that could be and normally is added with a patch in other games. And people getting excited over these tiny new features that sure as hell don’t warrant spending another 60$ each year.  It’s unfortunate.
ngl VR should be mandatory on F1 Esports
I can already hear last to first in Monaco in a mercedes full wet with 110% Ai
I don't want pit stop errors, i always choose Ferrari
This looks like it's going to be a massive step forward for the franchise, I'm truly impressed.
😍🥰
Sucks that the myteam facilities didn't have a single change...
Pit stop errors are gonna happen to me every race
tell us the icons already
New pitstop record…
I just want better crash/damage physics
Music ?
I CAN'T WAIT!
I wont this sounds😭😭😭
Just wanna be able to walk around the paddock
Red flags please
so bad as i won't be able to play due to the fucked up economy of my country.
1:06 Grand Theft Formula 1 😎
If only EA made these wonderful changes to the FIFA series.
Make ranked playable/joinable with/on friends again..
immersive broadcast but has last year’s graphics package
Shut up and take my money
We need a better car editor
This Series dies for me just because of the fact its from EA now...
Is there myteam coop?
Where on earth is coop myteam?! This will be the third year it’s out and no multiplayer myteam! A bit disappointing personally - everything else looks good but yeah, it’s a shame
when they are going to update the cars models?
Still no red flag? 😭
Can't wait to play the game
RED FLAG????
Bring back the classic cars
Can you please add dedicated servers!!!! Ea sport always have this issue of not wanting to add dedicated servers
Splitscreen op
Glad to see they've kept Portimao and China :)
But can you use kerbs without spinning?
LET'S GO!!🔥🔥
Not worth it if they don’t fix the online experience.
Cool, but will we get the designs of the cars when it comes out or will they look all the same with different colors ?
okay okay, i will buy it at the Release. It just looks amazing
Nope haven't seen anything worth while
My team car customization looks lackluster yet again smh
cross platform?
crossplay ??
Ok this actually looks Peng. Buuuutttttt I’ll get the game first before I have a say
What about the updated engine sounds?
Where the cross platform
Can't wait for this game
Sorry but I don’t like playing The Sims, in a racing game I want races …, please focus on that. You’re the best on it … but please try to improve that and forget all the rest. We want better races, better graphics, classic cars and classic races (if possible …) but who wants to spend time looking for a new t shirt, new shoes or a new ring? , leave that part of Hamiltons’s life to him ….
Hope they have a good rating system for multiplayer.
I don't care about customization and F1 Life, the only thing I want is a more realistic game with better handling and tyre model and more features like red flags, better marshalls
still no wheel spray in the rain.  but we can pick a couch 🙄
I'll end up spending hours just setting up my character, Car and Team base 😂
stable online lobbys, would be the best improvement
We still miss historic tracks
Where are the classic cars.
Cant wait to try out the VR, last game I bought was 2017
EA's money is showing
Man, this is alot better than I expected, dare I say, thanks EA?
think people need to cut some slack to ea so far here, they’ve added a lot of things that have been asked of along side some new features, however being a fifa player i’m expecting the disappointment to come on the day of release. but additions wise i think we’re headed in the right direction for ea’s first year taking care of this game
Old f1 ?
Where retro?
One small detail , the amount of voice lines and cutscenes, listening to the same intro to tracks , and the exact same 3 things from Jeff gets very boring , each thing he says should have like 5 other varieties
i swear if tracks like Portimao and China are removed on this Version on the game im not buying it. its basically nothing new really.. only stuff that should have been added Years ago like smaller Track updates(i know that abu dhabi is a resent change).. lets see if they changed Spa for example.. the track is outdated for years. walls are placed incorrect the Elevation is not there.  why is there no Multiplayer Option for an 8 Player + Career. that would be awesome i saw a lot of people who wanted the Option to play with multiple Friends in a Career - Red Flags are still missing. - the Option for Costum Race Lineups like in Older Games. + Spectator mode for those Races - Giving us the Option to plan the Pit Stops for AI Teammates..(there pit stops sometimes dont make sense.) - Make the Career for Immersive with Press Conferences(like in F1 2010 but with better Questions) - Test Drivers Signings that improve there Stats(Like a F2 Driver maybe even give them a Chance to Drive in Free Practise) - Costum Driver Creation like in Fifa with Stats and add them as Free Drivers(to maybe add a Friend as an AI Driver for Career or a Driver you like from a Different Series like Nascar Indy or something) Contract Negotiation(Also a Feature that got added to Fifa, make more realistic Contracts with a Driver like a 2 Year Deal or something with a nice Cutscene(thats where there F1 Life comes into play with there Character Creation) -   theres lots of room for small Things that can be added without much Work.
thats it
Cant wait for new PVP multiplayer with new graphics.
아 제발 한국어 주세요 형님들 ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
I saw Hul. Can we choose active drivers without a f1 seat!?!?!
1000% the cars are not gonna sound like that in game, it will still be that shitty engine sound
I need a Free Trial of the game
Will it have crossplay to ps4 and Steam?
WE NEED A DEMO ON PS4
No historic cars ?
Will 2 player be also on the same console like offline?
My team car gonna be the standard fia one seen in the trailer
We want red flags in the game
the biggest things I'm hyped about is getting screwed over by pitstop RNG and that there doesn't seem to be a predetermined number of races. a full 22(?) race calendar without Monaco, thank god.
INMERSIVE IS NOT PUSS A BUTTON
When the game release?
But what about the new & Updated Spa circuit? :) will this be an add on update for late August? :)
is it crossplay though?
This is SICK! can't wait!
No one needs F1 Live… it‘s for Kids and childish ppl. What we Need is CROSSPLAY!!
Hate to say it f3 would be nice…
Thank god for leaving portugal in the game
Custom car visual mod like different styles wing and diffuser
AMAZING TRAILER AMAZING WORK !! TNX FOR WORK !!
Bro what is this game?? This is going to be crazy
looks cool, but i hope those microtransactions are like they were in previous games: purely cosmetic.
Cross play?
When will we get F3
Nice to see portugal and china staying
Why do all cars except Ferrari look the same?
This is what I expected from EA, skins and cool trailers, I hope this game will be much better than fifa
We want classic circuits
Yall better add airforce 1s for shoes
I won’t hold my breath but this year’s game looks like it will be proper
You lost me when I saw the 'EA Sports" logo
The trophy section looks like the best thing about f1 life tbh 👌🏽
I'm going full 180 on my initial thoughts mostly because the engine sounds are so much more realistic and I'm very fickle. I'm impressed Codies, keep proving me wrong.
1:34 🧐
Amazing how many pointless cosmetics they managed to squeeze in
Is one Feature of the game crosplay?
Porpoising and Ferrari/Red Bull Monaco pit stop errors features.  I can’t wait!! And please have the bottASS Wallart feature.
No classic cars though...
you can customize an apartment but not the livery....insane
Classic cars when?
remove the racing point of the alpine on the game pls
So ea focus on formula 1 as fifa series is out of hands lets see how good the game will be...lets hope its not on same path as fifa series...awesome trailers but shitty games...get ready for update on day 2🤣
Fake sounds….. is the same  gamee
bro , my team is the same
EA, if you add Russian and Turkish GPs to the DLS, then I will buy your new masterpiece
According to Lando Norris the handling is pretty similar to F1 2021.
We need classic cars back！！！
Please put real hud in the races
Cant be the only one whose absolutely elated that they brought back splitscreen racing 🙏🏻🤍
Co-op Team Career sounds fantastic.
please tell me we are going to have the correct teams car models
still no wheel XDDDD
Чёт, не верится, что в ней будет такой звук. Но если будет, то очень круто
Can't wait to pick out my favourite sofa.
cant wait!
Cars Classic?
The only thing I'm missing are the Historic cars, wish they would bring them back.
Music : Jericho by Jacknife if you want to know
Thanks for the couch customization EA we really asked for this 😐
Really only care about the engine sounds, and if it sounds anything like in the trailer im happy :) (Copium)
Say what you want about ea, this game looks very improved from last year
Fix those noses and models plssss !
add a estrella galicia logo in the ferrari like the star on  mclaren 2020
EA is gonna microtrans the fk out of this game
Top . Why it not for free
Waiting for vertical split screen, that would be amazing for ultrawide monitor users, horizontal split screen breakes immersion for me so much, I will probably stick to f1 2020.
Ah yes, furniture customization!
1:38 wait that is Shanghai, DLC tracks confirmed?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
F1 life totally awful feature this year. I'd I wanted that. There's plenty of other titles on the market that provide it. Also. My team is going backwards not developing. Really a sadly underwhelming game for me 😞
Please, update the front nose of each car
WE WANT CAREER MODE WITH UP TO 4 PLAYERS
what about career mode? the main aspect of the game, we better have some good stuff there
Looks good, but its a shame for red flags
Uhm… so what’s new on My Team?! Absolutely nothing 😂
Can't wait to play a simulator inside a simulator
The only thing missing. Classic cars and/or classic tracks
I've bought all F1 games since 2016 (and some other before, but not all) and I think I will pass this time. I don't like the way the franchise is evolving and the 2021 is the one I enjoyed the less. I miss the classic cars which were a huge selling point for me and I would love to see as well bonus tracks. The new gimmicks of this year opus are just uninteresting gadgets.
Please tell me we're be able to change the "my team" car's nose 🙏🏻
Now please, for the love of this universe, fix the the steering wheel animation in the pits.
Pit Stop Errors VERY NICE <3
Figataaa!!! Milestone guarda e impara come si fa un gioco di corse... Brava codemasters che si impegna...
is championship mode back?
If I’m correct I think you will get both the AM and Merc safety cars if you pre order the deluxe edition and then you have to complete certain stuff to earn tokens to buy the other supercars
Please include practice program on tt 😭
There goes my sleep
Bring back classic cars pls
Man, if only Classic Tracks were there
If this does not have my mana Lotus 86T I’m not buying
This looks epic 👀🔥
Crossplay?
Hope them pitstop errors also happen to the AI. Rest of it looks good.
No multiplayer improvements?
Que novedades!!😐
Codemasters doing gods work with keeping split screen lol
Got to be full customised liveries for car and helmet and outfit, footwear too I mean…their liveries are so boooooore and I don’t even looking forward to it…Gran Turismo did excellent job with that…F1 step behind again
I wish I could play this game man 😭😭😭😭😭😭
Too much colour saturation
Since F1 22 now has wall art, it's time to replace ALL of the wall art with rule 34 of Bayonetta.
THEY HAVE TO CHANGE THE STEERING WHEEL
Will you update the side pod of Mercedes and Red bull before release date as every other car looks accurate to the 2022 season.
جق
1:09
Crossplay?
Code masters pls add f1 22 to nintendo switch. Pls
Would love to see F3 make an appearance in the future.
Cem Bölükbaşı 🇹🇷
SEXY!!!
🤤🤤🤤🤤
Considering I'm still playing F1 2019, think it might be time to upgrade. Looks good.
Very curious about the F1 Life element. Interesting having appartements and is that drivable road cars?   I'll always support trying new things!
I need different ers diployment
4 players carrer online pls
1:19 are new my team new cars in f1 22
New Handling, Circuit Updates and Career arent features but should be standard to the Game... they forgot to mention VR Support?!
Oh, I see. Car goes nyoom
no classic cars wtf
All this is great, but can we ride a scooter as Sebastian Vettel?
I feel like I can't say that is the same every year... They have improoved enough to buy it.
All steering wheel looks the same They are so bad
Graphics are 💩, this game looks hideous!
Will they have two player championships where you could play with a friend?
Give us classic cars, not super cars. Bros.
Can’t wait for the lower price 🫠🫠
Bruh I can already tell that the pit errors are not going to go over well with me
But f1 manager?
You forgot VR!!!
I don’t know how many times I paused just to see the details of every features. The games looks great! Can’t wait to try the new handling model. Edit: it didn’t shows any trophy presentation cutscene though, that’s a bit worrying, I’m tired of winning a driver championship and only my engineer congratulates me.
wheres the crossplay tho, and what about all the multiplayer bugs?
The best f1 all the time
using a previous gen car cockpit in the sim lmao
This looks great, can't wait to jump in and drive . I really hoped they would bring back the classic F1 cars, a bit disappointed. Hope they'll bring it in the next one or release as a DLC.
Love to see that portimao and China just get to be in there 👍
I needed 3 things in this game before I start buying it and running leagues again.  1. Practice in equal cars in single player.  CHECK.  2. Virtual Reality.  CHECK.  3. Option to Force Cockpit view for Multiplayer.....??? Do we have the 3rd one yet?  Thanks!
split screen is defiantly nice to have
I said I wasn't going to buy it but now I have given in. I NEED ITTTTTTTT
Pre-ordered ✅can't wait to get smashed up first race first corner ☢
where is crossplay :(
0:34 Just seen Hulkenberg in the game! HE’S BAAAAAACK!
I'm starting to be really optimistic about this one! Nice new features!
1:34 Portugal and China are in the game  at least we have some more tracks  hoping for more With DLC  Also it looks like we can have a fully customisable calendar for driver career 😀
Honestly, this is what they should have shown in the "first trailer" not the release date only.
Ok now i'm hyped.
Ist schon cool, könnt ihr noch rote flagge rein machen bei F1 22?
Nice very Nice good job mate
F1 life is garbage utter filth
Looks more like update to F1 2021... nothing more... will likely give it s skip this year unless done mega discount comes...
Omg, can't wait to play 😍
Some of these angles are pretty cool to watch
It’s fantastic. I can’t wait.
Some cool features but all I wanted was cross play😭
The hope the handling lag that plagued the previous games is fixed.
bring Storymode and cut Life-💩
0:22 isn't the yellow line suposed to be in line with the front tyre?
Pit stop errors? You're telling me it took this long to incorporate errors into pit stops?
Didn't even show the biggest new feature: Native VR support!
We can play carrier in split screen?
Can't Wait to not shop in this game EA really bad job
Im so excited, first game i pre ordered like almost 2 months in advance
No way this game is going to be epic cant wait to buy it 💯💯💯💯
They made the water in Miami looking like IRL 😭💀
Err so no gameplay improvements, only more premium customisation... as expected from EA
f1life looks sick...F1 going mad
Anything on Crossplay?
2022 and they can't even do car crash.
Any update on the damage model?
where is the red flag?
0:28 the pirstop srrors gonna be crazy
At approximately July the 1st, 12:01 am, I will no longer be a normal boy. I will be an epic gamer. Can wait for the game!!
Where is f3?
F2 having F1 noises nice. Netflix approved
Pls fix the steering wheels, they dont look like the real ones, they look like my team version
1:35 they added Portimao even if it isn’t on the calendar(look at top right, there’s the Portoguese flag)
Will it be possible to drive the supercars?
assuming it's not a bug riddled mess, this is looking like a much better installment than 21
VR finaly!!
Where‘re the historical f1 cars 🥲
This has to be codemasters' greatest f1 game ever!!
Did that seem like we can select as many tracks as we want for the WC? That's so much better than the 10, 16, 22 etc we used to have in the previous games! :)
Vintage cars :(
Looks good, can’t wait!
Amazing game
Portimao confirmed you can see the portugal flag 1.35
Yoo new facility and portimao and china
Deluxe edition trailer?
0:59 GTA Vice City Graphic... holy
F1FA
Find it funny there's never any mercedes f1 cars in any trailer any car but lol 😆
Pit errors for IA too or very bad thing
Crossplay?
Hope them engine sounds are in the game 🎮
Ok now give us realistic wheel movement in the stops. F1 2010 was more realistic. I don't get how 12 years later pit stops look so glitchy.
Are these the final car models? they look like generic cars to me!
will redbull, merc and ferrari cars be getting their own sidepods for launch? i noticed every other team has their own distinct sidepods apart from these 3
I legit said I want pit stop errors yesterday and I have been blessed
that look so good
That’s nice and all - but the game has a fundamental problem on controller - the speed turn in sensitivity cannot be adjusted - basically the faster you go the more the game numbs the steering lock you can achieve - which CANNOT be changed.  It’s been this way for a few years, and they simply refuse to address it. It results in a lot of corners you simply have to take a lot slower than wheel users. Silverstone, Suzuka, Monaco, Hungary, Mexico, and a tonne more.  As nice as it looks - I won’t be purchasing until/if they ever address this issue.  It’s a huge oversight on their part.
I wanted more immersion in my team, for example, we started with the standard car that was presented in England and as we develop the car, the game gives us new options for models of front and rear wings, sidepods and brakes, making be visible in cars, a good example of what I'm talking about is the F1 Clash that has several designs of wings and brakes, in my view this would bring more immersion in my team.
Tf u putting f1 car noises over f2 cars u plums
Again no historic cars..
Gutted not to see the addition of red flags but otherwise, it looks great.
Still no classic F1s..
Cant wait!!!
bro can we plis this years change our helmet visor color?
Was that a customisable career mode for the tracks?
I'm the only one who saw Portugal and China flags in the track selection menu ?
well none of these features are new. (except the pit stop errors)
They forgot the circus tent for the fia stewards 🤔
Odd that this trailer has no mention of VR at all - arguably the biggest new feature of F1 22?
All I want is fair penalty system and more severe consequences for trolls playing online.
Can we get Two Player My Team Please!!!
I wish the money in game is used to buy them super cars but it’s probably the pit coin or whatever they call it
saw some podium pass icons but not as many as I thought I would see.. Interesting
I'll wait a couple of weeks after it comes out, just in case...
For android??????
The game is looking really great,,,   one killer addition to the game would be different CAR Models and Helmet Models for career!!!...      like...      please
Fokin' epic
Did i just saw a new practice program there? What's that gonna be? Track trajectory program?
whats the song used?
Classic f1 cars ????
Anyone notice that china and portimao are in the game
so hyped!!!!!
Anyone know the song?
Please fix matchmaking lol
Thank you so much for split screen! One of the best features in any game in my opinions.
WHY DO ALL THE CARS LOOK THE SAME?!?! THEY ARE IDENTICAL????? I HOPE YOU WILL FIX THIS ALSO PS5 BETTER GET VR!
I hope they upped the ffb, cause ffb was kinda trash in 2021....
Am I the only one to notice they used f1  engine sounds for the f2 cars?
TAKE THAT GRAN TURISMO!!!!!  F1 22 got mf SOFAS!!!
Now this, this is cool
So… basically zero improvements in online lobbies?
Is the game crossplay tho?
Let's go Pitstop errors
That’s just cruel with Bottas having the slow stop 😭
crossplay?
Wow! It looks like f12021 but with new cars! Good job Ea for listening the fandom!
Anyone can we play in mobile this game please reply i am eagerly waiting
Spa not updated ? 😭
heftig, hab mies bock
So in F1 22 big feature is broadcast mode with graphics from 2020? Nice
ok so basically the only really new things seen here are the failing pitstops and the graph visualization of practice programs
I would like to see Kimi drinking Coke and Pepsi on this game but i don't think he'll make his cameo.
EA getting their full imprint on the game and so far looks very promising!
They should update all small details on all race tracks. Some tracks have layout from 2014
Are they just re-using the project cars 3 handling model for the super cars? It seems logical to me because Codies owns SMS.
I hope they bring back old f1 tracks and classic f1 cars
Please let the ai have tire degradation. Its silly to have ai running on soft in the rain like everything is fine.
Im a sucker for deep customization. So i guess ill have to wait another year 😟  The rest looks good though
What about cross-play?
The new car has elevated my interest in F1 to new heights, and local split-screen really puts this into "must-buy" territory
I’d be so excited for “F1 Life” if it was literally any other company that acquired CM, always trying to stay optimistic but that’s exactly the type of thing EA likes to do to leech more microtransactions.
Yes the New Handling is a must have. F1 21 was nearly unplayable with a controller for me. It was so much better in F1 2019.
Will there be a demo of the game?
Graphics are great but their faces still look like a sex doll lol
I don't know, I don't see so many big new features. When for autosculpt in Myteam with performance consequences?
Custom calendar finally
Why each car doesn't have it's own specific characteristics (front wing, sidepods etc) like F1 2021 Game??
Looks like we can choose exactly how many races we want instead of selecting their pre-defined numbers! Super excited by that.  EDITED: Sorry this comment has created confusion. You can see in the trailer that it was not for the My Team mode. Let us all be sad together.
1:00 I see what you did there
If it's truly trying to be realistic, then Latifi must crash into the wall in every session
That Trailer was pretty nice seeing all the Features and stuff but now i want to know if we will get back the historical Cars
Tbh idc about anything else but the sounds, please make them more realistic thats all I ask for
Ok ok, pit stop errors, I am hyped....
CLASSIC CARS.
the pit stop errors !!! IF I LOSE A CHAMPIONSHIP BECAUSE OF IT I WILL THROW MY PS4 ON THE WALL 🤣🤣🤣
0:28 of course it is a alfa romeo 50% chamce of it being bottas car
Crossplay?
One word: INSANE
How about online lobbies that are not broken!!! U can ur Keep extra features  I want quality over quantity!
There also should be FIAF3! That would make it so cool
Classic cars?
the feature i will looking forward to is the split screen hope we could race like ps2 era
Hope this isn’t the case but F1 life looks like it just added some 2k type customization
Ahahahahahah
クロスプレイは対応するのかな？
are there no red flag mechanics implemented in this game yet ?
AI aggression settings? i've been asking for years....
They can put supercars in but not classic cars :/
What the hell? Is this much awaited GTA 6 ? Come on, we want to have neither a cinematic game nor RPG (Role Playing Game) We just would love to have a game that provides hardcore driving expereince. I definetly will not buy this game Codemasters! Just focus on realistic physics, laser scanned tracks and better damage & tire model... and many more.
Ever since ea took over codemasters f1 game has become very costly compared to before ...
It looks dove.
Classic F1 cars which are historically significant to the sport and classic tracks which have been the venue for similarly important moments of the sport? Who needs that when we have Customisable Shoes™ and the all-new Customisable Sofa™
Oh god. MyTeam is literally the same thing. Guess that's what happens when EA takeover. Single player mode are forgotten for the microtransaction world of multiplayer
u forgot bout VR!
You had me at split creen 🥺
Pitstop errors announced just after Monaco's race 😳
Can’t wait to play it 🙌🏻
why are there those fat sidepods on that Mercedes, it should no sidepod sidepods😅
Where’s Mercedes zero side pod?
So all types of kerb sound the exact same this year as well?
So still no myteam 2 player ?
Still think that would be better have f3 and classic cars instead of F1 life
Classic cars? Oh yeah, Ea 😑
Where classic f1
have you removed all the sh!te wanker breesh commentary, the fact that even though you own the team that wanka talks to you like you're an employee, the fact you can't modify the f.king car and many other problems?? If no, I'm not interested
Still show cars and not the 2022 cars. Lazy work codies. F1 life lol wtf is that cash grabbing bs. FIX GRID LEGENDS!!!
At 0:33 you can see hülkenberg in p21 which means that you maybe can race with the reserve driver in your myteam career
they do all this but cant improve engine sounds
OMG
cant wait to recreate ferrari’s masterclass at monaco
Nice TiametMarduk
I don't see any sparks from the cars???!!!
まだマシンはほとんどモデルカーのままだね
Forza Horizon 5 2.0 with no open world
Super game
El modelado todavía no está, todos son o casi todos son la maqueta de la fia
I can’t wait to play this game
Meh
Pit stop errors 😩😩😩
Red flag?
Pit stop errors is really nice
E os bugs vai vim sem?
Ferrari is the best car😍
Who’s that Latifi looking mans on the podium? Def not immersive.
Fix Multiplayer before adding Sofas and Watches…
Still all concept car models but everything els looks a solid improvement from 21 was hoping to see how the Mercedes’ and the green red bull looked
I just hope this adaptive AI stuff is optional. I don't want the game automatically make it easier for me if I'm struggling!
Pre season testing like Motogp Games??
When is cross play active?
Race length sliders for leagues plzzzzz
It actually looks alright :]   I hope the engine audio is like that in the game too, but I doubt it  lol.
Swear to god if we have a hundred sofa micro transactions but not a livery editor in my team I will be rather annoyed
If i want to drive sport cars i would play Gran Turismo. If i want to decorate a house i would play Sims. Nevertheless, changes in races seems to be cool.
. . .This is too good to be true.  EA... you are tricking us again, are you?
once again they put rb 2nd...
So, with AMS2 being the best F1 22 sim out there and this being an EA game... Not worth wasting your money at all
will you be able to race with two racing wheels such as the Logitech in split screen as this was missing in 21?
Won't be a true F1 simulation if they don't include Ferrari's race strategists' fuckups
I want more circuits.
Do normal multiplayer!
the editing is amazing , congrats to the editor . Only the editor tho
New MyTeam?? It looks the shame as last year 🤣
Does anyone know if crossplay is included?
Nothing new...
VETTEL CON EL CASCO BUGUEADO, ASCO.
Crossplay??
Didn't see VR
Nah thx no classic cars, even slidier cars and the inevitable battle passes you had good run but no more dinero from me
Is there gonna be coop-career mode?
SPRINT RACEEE! LETS GOOO
No classic cars? 😭
I can’t wait until this comes out looks really good huge W
What about red flags
Amazing video i am love Formula 1 but my car favorite is FERRARI.
Guys, should I get in on Xbox or PC?
That's disappointing. Handling model is barely changed from what we can see in the gameplay, immersive broadcast is a small feature that just presents some graphics and is not going to be used often. Immersive pit stops are really baddly done as it's just turning a stick at one point and the turning animation is still horrible. Circuits are still badly made and need to be laser scaned-just look at the mexico t10 and see how off it is to real life. Also the updates to the circuits I don't coun't as a new feature as it is the must have for the official F1 game to have the tracks updated. F1 Life is a crap that will only be used to make us spend more money to unlock cosmetics through the race pass or however it's called. I don't care about supercars - it's an F1 game and not GT game, we already have ACC and IRacing we don't need these. On my team absolutely NOTHING has been change and I have no idea why it's even in the trailer, same goes for the split screen that's already in f1 2021 and literally nobody uses this unless you have someone at home that you want to play with. The only positive changes I can see is the manual positioning at the start (A small feature that can be done in a day or two by a company of this size), the pit stop errors which I hope won't be just one animation every single time (Still a small feature) and a adaptive AI but I have to really see how it works first beacuse I feel like it can lead to some kind of rubber bounding or it will just make the game to hard or to easy all the time.
Still no red flags?
Ok for EA thats quite nice
Create a Track would be nice!!
this is the point where you start taking pre-orders..... not 50 days before
I will wait to buy, anything EA deserves skepticism
SPLIT SCREEEEEN HELL YESSSS
The models are all wrong, it seems like every car is the same just with different Liveries. What the hell is even that...
trash
portimao is back also cina 1:34
Is the game going to have crossplay?
That looks very amazing😁🙌I'm hyped!
My team was a let down thought they’ll introduce paint finishes and the most disappointment of all, is yet again another year without classic cars ! Apart from that it’s ok but fck man I’m dissatisfied
Will it be available with EA Play though?
I've seen it almost 10 times, the game looks awesome! Can't wait to try it!
Codemasters pls allow us to disable the steering wheel altogether for people that has sim rigs that love cockpit view without the wheel and hand altogether, removing something wont be hard right, ac has implemented this and automobilista 2 just did.
It looks like the best F1 game so far, next year we need F3 cars
I see they added realistic porpoiseing
Multiplayer My Team?
f1 2021.5
Ok but the online servers are gud or not?
I hope for red flags and MORE aggressive AI!
0:33 really? That same stupid no updated spa francorchamsps? Updated tracks? This must be a joke
ah yes F2 with F1 engines :)
0:34 so are we allowed to give a contract to the third drivers?
Wonder if Spa bus stop chicane still looks flat
Its really not that much thou. A new Engine would be a Worthy Step up!
we want classic car
Such a EA sports like trailer.. Whole bunch of nothing
F1 life seems really interesting. I hope we get to drive those supercars around the track!
Bring back classic cars
Let's go!!
I can't remember how many times I read on forums and comments "The F1 game is great, but you know what would make it better ? Being able to select different types of couches and decoration"
(4.5/10) the same Game of 2021 poor video game
Lmao characters finally have hair. Took them years of growth supplements but they finally grew some
Plz add double stacking. It could be as an upgrade in my team/ career. And also if possible get irl engineers for each driver
THIS. IS. SICK! 1 month to go!
Yes portimao is back
Why do you lie about the ingame sounds? Doesn’t sound like this at all
It's a shame we will never have this realistic shaking in cockpit. They should add a setting letting us select between the old vibration and this one from trailer. It's WAY MORE  immersive than any other "immersive features" they "created"!
You guys are not gonna believe how truly amazing the races are during the bad weather, the immersion is wow and the struggle, but well, in a good way, is real!
I kinda wish that we had custom grids like in f1 championship edition (2006)
game looks like its bursting with content just pre ordered my champions edition
Music is probably better than game would be
f1 2021 dlc
Pls get back the Classic Cars they were such a cool add on to the game
I hella want it now
Please let these car sounds be in the game
SO DISSAPPOINTED!!!! I WANTED NEW FEATURES IN CAREER AND MY TEAM MODE, ALL WE GET IN THIS GAME IS COPY PASTE OF LAST TWO YEARS PLUS SIMS 2 CHARACTER DESIGNER AND FURNITURE SALES MAN  WASTE OF MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh I'm looking so much forward to this one! But I also REALLY hope that the game will run more stable. 2021 crashes way too often...
Should fix gameplay first before adding sofas lmao
I didn't expect the pit stop errors and I love that. Updated tracks, nice, but I am little disappointed that my team mod didn't improve (only new department events). I would love to see the visual change on car after upgrading some parts or choosing between parts with different spec for example front wing  that gives you less drag but less downforce and the opposite. I think the whole community ask for that since the 2020 when my team was introduced.
Love F1 Life Baby 😍  Do we get to race the Supercars though?
Hopefully we can customise the calander fully, and have classic tracks down the line. I wouldn't mind paying 10.99 or somin for a track pack of 5 classic tracks
Idk why but i really like the new pit stop error  Until it happens to me tho
Wait so theres 2 player myTeam?
Portimao seems to be confirmed for the Final Game 👀
Supercars are dope
Still missing the historical mode
No Malaysia, no party for me
Hype😍
Will this be free with Xbox gamepass on release?
F1 Life is probably the most unnecessary feature I’ve ever seen in a racing game
Imagine if the f1 sound of that trailer was real... I hope they will add mod compatibility to get great sound..
I really hope they changed spa to match reality a bit more as well as the middle sector of mexico although I am doubtful
Classic cars? No more!?
Can lapped cars overtake the safety car to lap back?
Why hasn't Interlagos been updated, spa looks the same.
And when are you going to make the cars? They are the same but with different livery. Wtf?
This is way to colourful
Looks amazing, so hyped, but damn, Mclaren that slow?? 🤣🤣😫
xhange the graphics man... Make it more realistic. Thought better of this game
Bro this game is going to be the best f1 game my opinion
thats definitely in game sound, not at all just recordings from the real cars
0:33 P21 HUL....Hulkenberg as your teammate??
I miss the classic Formula 1 cars. I hope one day we could see a new F1 challenge  with older cars one day
Will voice commands be available for PS5? They weren't for F1 21.
Pit stop errors is gonna piss me off
Can't wait to crack 360s in a safety car around Monaco.🥵🥵
missing cool down lap
Please first fix existing bugs before introducing new bugs 😭 Multiplayer has been awful with desync and loads of other lobby issues
We want updated car models as well. Also we would like more options for the front wing in my team and the whole body of the car in general
Sounds of the car are fake
When there will be new tracks like Malaysia India Germany Turkey and other?
So I guess no MyTeam Co-op. That's sad
Yes my team my favorite
Please add porposing!!!
I noticed that they have Portugal and China as tracks as well, thats nice, love Portugal.
Split screen career mode?
"Split screen is multiplayer" some feature that 🙄 just another copy and paste from ea
The changes look genuinely promising. Hopefully EA realise the F1 game audience aren’t mugs and continue to push forward like this.
So it's cross gen ?
Yeah but, fully customisable career schedule or still 8/16/full calendar without the option to change the order?
We need porpoising !!!!
Am I the only one who saw portimao instead of sochi
Pit stop errors is dope feature!👌🏻
Crossplay?
1:34 we have Portugal and China as extra tracks and they have updated Saudi Arabia with green and white kerbs
Can’t wait to try out all these amazing classic cars!
1:34 FULLY CUSTOMIZABLE CALENDAR LENGTH??
0:34 Hulkenberg?
I miss Mexico Change this Track need to be fixed ist so not accurate with the real track ( Sector 2 )
New graphics engine when? The game looks the same as the last few games
Where are my red flaggs
You’d think with new regs and rules that we’d get something revolutionary different but no. Literally f1 2020/21 with the latest cars and a new mode which seems to just be moving the existing liveries and customisation options into a new menu, throw a few supercars which were never asked for into it and call it a new feature.   I’m sure all the cars are great it to drive etc, but there are features we’ve been crying out for years to return (classic tracks we’ve waited 9 YEARS now) and still no sign :(.
Will there be crossplay?
Really poor quality trailer. Was expecting so much better. What muppets made this.
Strange how they didn't even mention VR
Looks good but something I’d like is to have almost backup teams that you can have like alphatauri to red bull in the my team and also maybe even to have one in f2 to allow you to develop younger drivers which can come up through the ranks of my team without having to put in a less than average driver in a top team which may ruin constructors championships. I’d also like a budget cap so that when you or your teammate crash it takes out money from your budget cap like in actual f1.
You need to fix the starting box. Tyres should be the part that needs to be allingend with the yellow line, not the frontwing. Just like in reality.
Oh... EA is in it? Ok...
Ok I'll admit everything looks good but I'm kinda disappointed I really hoped for the return of classics.
1:40 gulf livery?
Pitstop errors is a welcome addition. I wish the resources allocated to F1 life could have been better utilised for some proper features like red flag, pitlane starts, different engineer voices for different teams and also not just victory radio calls but the driver talking something relative to the race irrespective of whether he came first or not.
Ok ok I’m liking this F1 life looks really cool and I like the new immersive broadcast options
1:23 guys, you can sign piastri
What about f3???
The features seems nice, but I don't find myself excited about this somehow. will wait until I get my hands on it to see if it's worth a buy
even though there are some good features like pitstop mistakes or driving super cars, id say that im generally disappointed that there are no changes to driver transfers and career mode (as the main "game mode") in general  (we cant be certain yet, but since it wasnt mentioned, id say that unrealistic driver transfers and repetetive seasons are going to stay with us for at least another year)
I would love a customisable steering wheel and halo, as for me thats all I look at while racing so it would be nice to have the mercedes wheel with the red bull halo for example
Is it availible for ps4?
Id like to see team orders
Still need them red flags 🤞🏾
Can I get early access plz
Saldrá para old Gen o será solo para Next Gen?
Seriously? Not going to take the two minutes to fix baku?
Customizable calendar 👀👀
I can't wait to absolutely fkn lose it over a pit-stop failure
Seria tão bom, se tivesse teste de pré temporada. Você fazia e já começava a temporada com alguns pontos de recursos e algumas áreas melhoradas. Quem sabe no próximo jogo. 🙏
Pit stop errors, yikes   All for the immersion
Idk if Ferrari should be better than RB, and I think McLaren got better, they're not the 8th team
sidepods?
Hulkenberg too in the game
Looks awesome
F*CK F*CK F*CK this is going to be the best game ever! With me for the first time Xbox Series X DD2 WheelBase Fanatec 😮🍀❤️
Finally I can choose a couch 🥳
I can already see EA asking for 10 dollars to change sunglasses on my character
00:28 RIP BOTTAS
If DLC Tracks from previous games comes.....  I'ma buy this game and buy everything.
This is hands down one of the best video game trailers of the year so far
*WE WANT CAR PARTS CUSTOMIZATION (FRONT WING, REAR WING,  WHEEL RIM COVERS, SIDEPODS AND ETC) NOT JUST VISUAL COLOR SKINS!*
It would be nice if we could change some parts of the car design in my team mode…nose, sidepods, wings, halo, engine cover etc.
Wait ... 0:34 P21 HUL, Niko Hüüüülkenberg
1:35 look at the end of the track list on the right and Portugal is there, portimão stays. Also I think we will be able to change the order of the tracks we do
steering wheel '  it's all the same?
No classic cars? 😢
That HQ customisation looks amazing! Also does anyone know if it's cross-gen? It would reeeeaaallly help with populating lobbies
Seeing all those PitCoin symbols on customisables 😨
Omg
Was hoping for a new and improved breaking point but I can't say this isn't stuff not needed in the game can't wait.
f1 life is just another way for ea to get more money
Crossplay?
Game looks absolutely amazing, I got myself the Miami Champions edition, Can't wait for June 28th
Nice too see that Portugal and China still in the game
Still amazed they have the guts to call that ddr mechanic *manual pit stops*.
Really scpetical after EA ruined the Battlefield Franchise, I will wait at least 1-2 Weeks and watch enough test reviews about the game.
have a drying line in changing conditions and you’ve got yourself a good game
Is it cross platform?
Hopefully down the line they will also implement red flags. In any case, i am looking forward to the pit stop errors
OK. I am certain that EA Sports add pit stop error at 100%. I will broke a lot of controller after that.
So im curious, y’all play this game on the Playstation or PC?
Portugal and china are still on the game 💪
the sound ferrari is finish ? i wish not finish because he is bad to the real life
1:35 portimao returning
What about crossplatform?
Why are Vietnam and China still in the game? China hasn't been raced on since 2019 and Vietnam has never been raced on...
This trailer has a hidden message, look at the tracks, PORTUGAL IS THERE AND CHINA TO!
yooooo!!! that looks so good! the pit errors is a great feature guys! cna´t wait for the game!
All the improvements are very cool. Can’t wait yo play this game. But I would really like you guys to bring back classic cars.
Look at 1:34 Portugal and China are in the game also
OMG THAT'S SO COOL
how about 2 player my team career mode? ;(
Hülkenberg on P21 at 0:34 ?👀🤔🔥
IDK why but this trailer makes me cry of happiness😍😍
still no red flag ?
Actually, we need classic F1 cars return, not the supercars one
New Ferrari😍😍😍
the car are all the same but this game look fantastic
i hope those are the car sounds in game
Add Team Orders...and it'll be perfect.
I hope the IA will finally have crash and make mistake, cause the MyTeam and the career mode is useless otherwise
Adaptive AI was a feature i was waiting for since F1 2018 😂😂😂😂😂🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥. Great Job EA adding that
looooookkkiiiiiiinnnnnggggg aaaammmmmaaaaazzzzziiiiinnnnggggg
I just want the classic f1 cars back :(
I wonder if Ferrari is fast in this game and Mercedes slow
No way i have to drive that ugly nose car in my team mode
The end give us something hmm, Ferrari will win as a constructor and with a some driver at the top.
Too bad I'm poor😂😭
Pit stop errors? Let’s see the pros rage! Will we see a championship defining pit stop error in the pros?
0:34 P21 HUL???
If those little tweaks shown are the only changes for driver career/my team, i will be largely disappointed. nevertheless, i will still enjoy the game, if those concept breaking features like driver stat boosts (which made all driver stat differences above 85 meaningless) were corrected/removed
List of people who wanted F1 Life in an F1 game: - - - - - Thank you for your time.
So.  The new feature is immersive broadcast.   Cool bro
If you guys want to see all of this content. Subscribe to my channel for ALL F1 22 Content
I just know pit stop errors are gonna frustrate me, but I love seeing it cos it's a part of the real sport. I just hope it won't be overdone and happen too often or there's a way to train/improve your pit crew
Hulkenberg is in the game😳
Whoever edited this trailer, great job!  Anyway, we need more tracks as well as the ability to race tracks backwards/reverse to make the game feel fresh for the entire year.  Please make Codemasters/EA see this comment 🙏🏻 🏎💨
Pls make for the next game the formula 2 for carrer better
So we can get F1 Life but we can't get red flags? Thanks EA!
Hope there are the old cars of shumi,senna like f1 2020
Bring back classic cars
Ok....but will us drive the Supercars?
I'm ready for this!
why is mclaren the 8th fastest car??? they should be 4th or 5th, wtf codies?
ferrari car model in the start looks good
can someone explain to me why the mercedes appears to have the holes for the air? why are they using the model of the first round of test?
‘pitstops error’ ** flashback to monaco ***😥
wtf with Vettel's helmet in 0:34 🤨
Seems to be a good game..but pit stop 🤔 seems to be not that good as usual 😂
red flags?
Looks like Miami has already been tweaked a bit (0:05). Nice 👌
I would like to see visible upgrades or at least the possibility to choose cars with small differences between them for the my team career
To all this he asked me if they are going to continue with the Breaking Point mode  I would like to see Jack Ackerman running in an elite team and what awaits him
Question for the people who pre ordered it on steam does it say you can play in 1 Juli when you pre ordered the champions edition
MONZA UPDATED!!! 😍😍 DID YOU SEE THAT?
Maybe this is the only way Seb might win another GP
I've said it once I'll say it again THE SOUND!!!!🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
It would be incredible if you add crossplay
0:34 HUL = Hülkenberg in MY Team? (Free drivermarkt)
Pit stop errors is gonna be fun but frustrating
Get ready for madden f1
I can't wait it's so amazing
Wow! Looking nice 👍
1:34 China and Portimao, nice
The new handling be like: if you try to think that you can ride the kerb you will spin. That's how bad the handling is and will be
FIX THE TRANSFERS PLZ
My team is literally the same as last year. The one feature that most people play
It looks so good😍
I really hope the engine sound is real !! It's incredible😍
Crossplay?
Better engins sound and we're good
You still can not unlap yourself while Safety Car ☹️
this F1 2022 Forza now?
1:35 Portimao and Shanghai DLC tracks!!! (top right!) and also is that a custom calendar length??! Please say it is!!!!! (23 races is too many but 16 too few!)
Glad to see it have split screen
yessir finally
Fact they chose Valterri for pit stop errors is gold
It looks amazing🙌, but McLaren must be stronger in the game, they are not worse then Alpfa Tauri, Haas and Alfa Romeo... 😒
I see Russia has been removed, but China and Portugal are there :D
Bugmasters
I like the fact your prizes will be in the menu background
que lastima que no lo voy a poder comprar, sale mas 14 mil pesos en AR.... por culpa de los impuestos...
0:34 Vettel isn't in the car, but except that the trailer was good!
lol they didn't even mention the VR on PC. Doesn't give me high hopes.
Pls put stickers in like forza tho cause console cannot use mods😩
Still no cool down lap, red flag or starting from the pit lane. ESSENTIALS ARE MISSING!
F2 still has no place in the game. It would be cool if it was part of the carreer mode. It would make alot more sense.
No classic cars?? Zzzzzzzzzz
Classic cars?
looks sick !!!!!!!!!!
what about old carsssssssss
Am I the only one that saw Portimao in the track list?
Looks so cool and fun
Tá tudo perfeito, só falta arrumarem os chassis, olhar os carros nesse modo genérico é muito estranho kkkkk
Of course they show Bottas for pit stop errors 😭😭
didn't know F2 made use of F1 power units since this season, spot on sound
Great trailer👍🏻
Oh my god
Adaptive AI looks very good
Is this the real engine sound in the definitive 3dition ?
Update Mexico!!
ah yes f1 2019 part 4
is there no coop career mode ? :(
classic cars  50's, 60's, 70's 80's 90's please
Looks really really promising!
Wow !!!!!
so the tracks are still lazy and not laser scanned like other racing games?
will the cars in the game porpoise ?
Wow  just wow you outdone yourself codemasters
portimao and shanghai is in the game too
Still no red flags in-game
Myteam car customization??
Surely thats not the team performance, mclaren are way ahead of haas and alpha tauri, arguably better than alpine as well
All these years and we can't get a group of 3d people below the podium stand? it feels so empty, take notes from pgr3-4's crowds from over 15 years ago!!
Hopefully we can customize the car in MyTeam mode... like different nose or sidepods.. dont want the car to be the same all seasons exept the livery..
The new pit stop errors is pretty cool the updated tracks and sprint races are welcome but the F1 life bs is just not needed it’s F1 not forza horizon. Overall though it looks like a good improvement over f1 21
Pitstop errors is gonna drive me crazy if it happens
I'd be lying if I said this wasnt my most hotly anticipated game. I wanna get my hand on the new cars, and these QOL changes are sights to behold...  Im still nervous about the future of the series as an EA Sports title, but if EA stay at relative arms length and let Codies handle everything, we could be in for a treat.  Some of the fearmongering about this game has been outright unhinged, with a lot of things being blamed on Codies that were in the game before EA were even *rumored* to buy the company!  this game just looks fantastic and I hope its the beginning of a bright new era
Portimao is in the game😁 ( 1:34 )
"Immersion", no manual pit stops. Microprose GP in 1991 figured that out... but ok.
Can’t wait to see a 20 min aarava video about a 2 min trailer
BEN IS STILL IN THE GAME !!!
Nie wytrzymam muszę zwalić sobie konia
Will be coming crossplay in this Game?
Im the only one that saw portugal and china in the track list🔥
I’ll give them one last chance when this game is on sale. Last 3 games weren’t very exciting.
How about updating outdated tracks. Like Hungary, Silverstone, Interlagos, Spielberg, Spa and Monza?
Well, I hope that F1 22 will have more car customization too with more stickers, liveries and sponsors spots
When we can play with F3 cars and drivers
Im not sure about the performance levels of the cars. I feel like alfa is too high and mclaren is too low
Wow , a simulator in a simulator
Does the normal edition or the champions edition launch on 1st July?
so if i play on a toaster i can play the game because it says game will release july 1st for xbox, playstation and pc anyways very game and im hyped for its release
Wouldve prefered if classic tracks and cars came back, it was an old feature
Crossplay?
crossplay?
I'm hoping the Ayrton Senna avatar is in the game that we can use for our own personal avatar! I'm also hoping the nickname "Ayrton" will be able to be used for our audio nickname! F1 Life looks amazing! I CANNOT wait to play this game!
Has VR/quest 2 compatibility?
Where is F3
Why can’t They add  f3 or classic cars is it too boring
the pitstop error 😍
New gameplay and updates looks awesome. Though I really miss the classic cars and challenges such as time attack that was introduced in F1 2019
Hope that f1 life makes you drive old cars like Charles leclerc when he drove the old ferrari
It’s better than I thought!! But you have to finish the Ferrari, the Mercedes and the RedBull!!
a czerwone flagi będą???
Did i see F2 Podium celebrations? Also MyTeam needs alot more work doing to it, especially car livery customization its just very bland and basic still, that said still cant wait to get hands on.
When is f1 mobile racing releasing?
is there a splitscreen championship mode existing, where i can save my standings and return back whenever i can?
I don't see what purpose F1 life will serve aside helping selling more pit stop coins
big minus is that we ont have jeff D,:
Vaya mierda de juego
Something that really caught my eye was it appears you can customize your schedule for career mode idk if that’s the case or not but that is what it looked like
Portugal, China and Turkey are the DLC Tracks. I saw Turkey in the trailer footage
At least portimao and Shanghai are staying
Wow
Should’ve added porpoising to make the experience more immersive!
We need this  Red Flags DLC Tracks that raced in 2020 aren’t in game ex( Portimao, Mugello, Sakhir, Turkey,) and Hockenheim too plz F3
Am I the only one seeing that many of the cars are based on the 2022 car model and not specific and unique to each team (mercedes supposed to have no sidepods)🤔. Hope its only for the trailer. Nice though ✌🔥
Still want that realistic handling and ffb
Perfeito, agora tem como dar uma de Valteri Porcas nos box
mercedes with old sidepops???
No classic cars?😢
Portimao and china included
At 1:34 you can clearly see the Portuguese and Chinese tracks are in the game!
Surprised that they didn't mention PC VR support at all.  That's the single most exciting feature for me.
"Enter the new era" ha ha ha ha ha.... no
I hope adaptive AI doesn't mean that they go slower when in front of you and faster when behind...
Damn now I’m happy that I bought the champions edition
I'm looking forward for this. Tomorrow is the day
Can't wait to see it looks cool the ferrari car in the start has been updated to look like the real thing not the flat front wing
top
You know.. might be a spupid idea, but besides the Training. Can you envolve a mode. Where you can learn the track. Like on a bike, like they do for real.. this would be awesome
Good luck F1 2022 😘❤️🖤
Take mah money 🙃
F1 W13 ?????🤔
I might be dumb, but there are 24 tracks here, and only 22 on f1 calendar. 1:35
How much we have to wait until they will add F3?
I hope theirs better and more frequent radio like in real life
I'm looking forward to Abu Dhabi
0:34 is that Hulkenberg P21 ?
RobekHub
If we had the option of Pre Season testing or Young Drivers testing, current F1 would (finally) outperform the legendary F1 06.
You can simrace while you simrace! Look at that setup
Makes me hate my f21 honesty
Omg
Looks pretty solid, no mayor change in my team/career (only game modes i usually play), don´t care much about The F1 Life thing. My biggest fear is how the handling will be with a controller. After seeing Lando Norris having troubles with the handling with a wheel set up, im worried that will be unplayable with a joystick
so they showed the custom championship on the career mode part, does that mean a custom schedule for our liking?
F1 life is where you go broke right?
Most of the tracks are the same😭
OK, but, where are the Classic F1 Cars ?
Okay, now that is very cool. Some very nice improvements, like pitstop errors.... seriously, not to mention the track acclimization redefinition. Can't wait to try these out.
Can't wait to Join.... *checks notes* Aston Martin Aramco Cognizant Formula One Team
We need classic F1 car back😤
This Game looks like a HUGE W
This F1 life thing is the stupidest idea they could have come up with...
Again with the ugly helmet designs - are the designers just randomizing this stuff??
Why does the mercedes still have sidepods?
Ok but, ok
cross platform ???
Is there going to be a cross-platform gameplay?
VISIBLE Upgrades to the Car, yes or no, just tell me Codemasters. It's about time we get more than the Showcar.
1.34 China and Portugal are still in the game!!
Does the multiplayer mode have the save button for the F122? Ahhh please do have
F1 Life is insane feature! It will be the most extend F1 Game for now! I can't wait to play it! :D
1:35 Portimao and China are in the track list!
F1 Life just looks like EA’s way of cramming microtransactions down our throats and diluting the podium pass. Oh boy I can’t wait to see my new couch I unlocked in my racing game.  “New My Team enhancements”: *proceeds to show no new features in My Team*  Ngl, worried about this one.
This game looks amazing! I can't wait!! Definitely getting the Champions edition to play early!
Looks absolutely amazing
when are you gonna update the graphics?
2 player My Team or just what we had last year? I'm confused
Crossplay is also a feature right? They announced it. Why is it not in this trailer?
Why no Austria Circuit update?
WOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
F1 2020 V2.0 Looks Cool
Infelizmente terei que me prostituir para comprar um ps5 e jogar esse jogo 😭
My team still the same :(
This game is crazy😍
Bring back the classics
Feels like pretty much the same game, just with the new regs
SO FRIVKIN EXCITED
when they were showing the tracks, we can see portimao and shangai at the end
if that are the real car sounds in the game…😍😍
What about porpoising
yay!
Portimao  and china confirmed 1:34
Will there be any Historic Cars on the game?
Glad to see Portugal and China are in the game.
Ahhhh F1Life looks AWESOME
Did I see custom career mode calandra length instead of being restricted
Red flagss ???
Ouuuu pit stop errors
Hulkebburg is back if you slow down the vid you will see it
crossplay?
Can't wait to have Sochi randomly removed because must support Ukrainian Naz1s.  Also, I bet $10 that there will be some stupid female prodigy driver in MyTeam.  EA, give the license to a company that isn't non stop politics.
It’s good to see that Portugal and china are still in the game, too bad there’s no hockenheim or sepang though
Hi
That pitstop errors gonna hurt haha
Looks like they are trying to emulate what 2K does with this F1 Life. Looks nice. I would love some more customization, specially with faces and helmets
And you can NEVER really 'customize' your helmet.
gimme pls thanks
This game looks very promising, a little disappointed that braking point didn't return
I know it's not final but look at leclercs dash somewhere around 2:00 it's 1st gear when they're flying down the main straight
PIT STOP ERRORS?!?!??
0:28 Valterri bottas simulator
im dissapointed in the lack of my team changes i saw
I saw the potugese and Chinese flag on the calender Screen it is posible That Shanghai and portimoa are in the Game
Finally ❤️ pls continue
F2 cars with F1 engine noise
Pit errors is a feature that I love now but will hate later
Lol every year same story good trailers but the game is just unplayable.Glad there are games like rfactor 2 out there.
Hello
Zzz
Portugal and China confirmed! 1:33
HUL - Hulkenberg as a My Team option?
Safety car mode?
Would have been better if we had more customization freedom for my team liveries instead of f1 life
You didn't mention about Abu Dhabi track update? IS Mexico track fixed too?
RED FLAGS
The new pit stop additions look good! The only thing left on my wish list is F3 so that I can climb the full ladder to F1.
The trophy room alone makes F1 life worth it
Why are the graphics so bad in some shots?
1:10 Can I please select a jewelry? 😀
Portimao and china are already shown if you look closely when they are adding tracks at 1:34 in the video
I wonder what Codies could've achieved for this year if they didn't have to work on supercars that will be used by literally nobody. . We want F1, not supercars with GRID driving physics.
Where are the classic cars?
It seems the extra tracks are Portimao and Shanghai
OMG PORTUGAL IS IN THE GAME
How much does it cost?
0:34 Hulkenberg is in the game
Is anyone actually excited about the F1 life thing?
Please, make these sounds REAL AND NOT JUST FOR THE TRAILER
Anyone else notice they had portimao and china in the track selection screen??? 👀
Can’t wait to break Bottas’s pitstop record!
What does the f1 life mean do you controll your character off track too?
Finally it’s here              Hair
Laser scanned all the tracks and VR feature for PS5 would immense
pit stop errors :O
i just really hope that the engine sounds will be realistic
F for the mechanic who messed up the pitstop just so we could get the feature preview
PIT STOP ERRORS???????? SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!!
The cars man they are the FIA dummy models
WOW
Portugal and China are still here lets goooo
2 Player MyTeam would‘ve been nice, but seems good in the Trailer
I'm excited but apprehensive. Just hoping you guys get multipleyer right on release for once
Portugal is in!
Insane 🤩
I cant wait to get started!!
Portugal and China on the calendar at 01:34
That ferrari sound🤣 and look you can take hülkenberg as 2 driver in my team
0:28 I see what you did there with bottas...
ratio
I still want a difficulty level where you can put how intelligent or not driver AI is so the higher it is the more unlikely they are to make a mistake and the lower it is the higher the AI driver will make mistake and more likely to crash. Wanted this for years.
Again, no actual helmet livery customization…
Pog
Please don't ruin this for me, EA, like you ruined football forever. Plase, I'm begging here...
good job whoever did the trailer, feels like mission impossible trailers, sound design is amazing
F1 2019 looks really good this year
Im SO EXCITED!!!!
That Looks Sick 😎
Looking good :D but where are the classic cars ? 🙃🙃
Red flag 😭
Nico Hulkenburg is in the game!!! In the cut scene with the immersive safety car broadcast there are 22 cars in a My Team race. In P21 is the initials of HUL which I can only assume to be of Nico Hulkenberg
No word of crossplay?
No red flag 🥲🥲
That trailer was an massive improvement since the first one actual detail in what we are getting and the f1 life actually looks quite cool And also why the f in the trailer the pit stop mechanics sound like droids from star wars 🤣🤣
Thats lovely but classic cars need to comeback 😔😔
Would've preferred to see f3 and classic cars instead of these supercars, they simply don't belong in a f1 game
1:34  Glad to see Portimao is back!
Esse lance de personalizar a casa/base, ter carros e tal, muito foda!
1 month to go and you guys can't show the real cars?
Another F1 game goes by without RED FLAGS!!!!! 🚩😒
This is looking promising, can't wait to play it! But what purpose does F1 Life serve exactly?
🔥
look 0:34 you can see in p 21 hulkenberg
Another year without a Helmet- or car editor. Wow 👍 Who needs F1 Life? Sorry.. unbelievable
No classic cars hahahah embarrassing
we need these things:  red flags classic cars old tracks (malaysia, germany, valencia, other well-known tracks) realistic ai (higher chance of collisions, crashes and spins but not too high)  let's get EA and Codemasters to notice this
Can the AI also use #1 (besides Verstappen) when they win a title in Career Mode?
Red Flags? Crossplay? Classic Cars/Tracks?
Can you play my Team Career or Driver Career in split screen?
Pit stop error Is a top ♥️
Portimao and China staying, letsgoooo
Pit stop errors? Damn that's really cool, even tho I'm not a big fan of the mini game in the pits.... But can we change the order of the gp's for the season? And when will the icons be announced?
Does anyone know for certain whether or not we can drive super cars? I know they show it on track, but I feel like it would be a huge selling point to make it clear if you can drive them now
Where are the red flags
Hulkernberg in my team mode? 0:34
it was much to fast for me, i rewatch it like 2 times now
The Classic tracks is what I most excited for this year
nice
SO Looking forward to this!
pit stop errors are fire
PIT STOP ERROOOOOOOOOOORS
Im sad that there is no red flag
Supercars... but no red flags/unlapping under SC/making multiplayer better.   That's annoying.
Where are the red flags?
Can't wait to get a 5 second pitstop because of a pit stop error 😃
Very very over hyped
siuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Disappointed, this is literally F1 2019 4.0 DO NOT BUY PRE-ORDER!
The cars it's all wrong...
Lets goo pit stop errors
It seems the game is really on a good way, lots of improvements definitely counting the days to play it 😍
SPA WAS NOT UPDATED 😑
Did they mention abu dhabi in track changes? I dont remember seeing it.
same game every year, just new patches and features that could be added with a new update for older games.
Red flags?
Décevantttt
not worth it, not by 60$
No Red flag 😿
Almost everything I could want, except classic cars 🥲
Do we get red flags though?
Add turkish language
Coop Career?
This game just can’t stop getting better
Why they used Bottas to pit stop errors :D
Woooooo! We're here!!
Hhshshsh
Oby było zjaebiste
Nossa liga espera !!!
Add Martins Gridwalk
YAY
Looking forward to doing F1 game videos
Agora é a hora da verdade, vamos ver as novidades e melhorias...
Oh yes F1 already, can you believe it’s been 11 months since the last Features Trailer? Edit: I regret spending my money on this game
Cannot wait for this game to release in just a month
if I'm not wrong the alpine has been worked on too
it's so sad that this game is so expensive here, unfortunately at launch you can't buy it :/
ferrari　norse　NEWversion? The braking point wasn't interesting at all, so it's good that it's gone.
you better fix the spa chicane + mexico esses
Vamosss
I hope tecpro barriers damage with adverts and red flags
Please classic tracks…
For the next Game please include a more realistic wet to dry or dry to wet dynamic, un real life it takes a long time to dry out and in the Game we can go from wet to dry in 1 lap, seems unreal
fingers crossed red flags??????
Hopefully they show some content this time compared to the "reveal" trailer lol
I hope red flag fingers crossed That Red Flag is in the game
Ahhhhhhh soooo cool
YYESSSS
Can't wait for the 28 of june
why not make it so that you can control real drivers in career mode? i would love to take over the career of the likes of mick Schumacher and make him go to ferrari and eventually make him a world champion in a ferrari
Please Codemasters we believe in you
SE NON C'È RICARDO ROSSET NOI NON LO PRENDIAMO
Hope we can get classic tracks
I’m hoping for new stuff this year as over the years it’s kinda been dead
wow 666 like
Last features trailer song I still like. Let's see next
Personally I think they should've included classic cars or F2 and F3 instead of supercars. What do supercars have to do with Formula 1? Seems irrelevant
If i see assists on this video i will unssubscribe
Do you guys have any more beta testing spots open for F1 22?
I hope it's not a 30 sec video again😅
I can’t wait for F1 22
Can't wait
Pls Red Flags 🙏
Bon bah go attendre.👌
Where is Monaco hot lap??
Leeeeeeeeeeet's go 😂
Welp, time to see if they’re gonna screw us over with micro transactions and recycled content Edit: Ngl it kinda slaps
Better be classic cars back !!!
Make a good physics model
We better see more features than f1 life hub man
Pre order trailer
YEEEEAHHHHH TRAILER OF F1 COME ON CODEMASTERS YOU ARE INCREDIBLE
600tl oyun mu olur ?!?!?!?!? Türkçe dil bile yok Add turkish language support pls
Please tilt sterring please tilt sterring please tilt sterring please tilt sterring please tilt sterring please tilt sterring please tilt sterring please tilt sterring please tilt sterring please tilt sterring
FINALLY ARRIVE GAMEPLAY FEATURES TRAILER 🙏🙏🙏
Lets Go. Bayby
I see new car models
How much do we have to pay to unlock the trailer feature?
Hopefully the next game is on UE5
This better be good
lets gooo
Finally!!! Looking forward to the improvements! Also, if you guys could improve me the tracks to be more precise to how they are in real life in the future would be SWEET!!
Hype
