That fake youtube account screen shot showing $16k almost looks like one Stock Moe (another youtuber) has after shown
So what was the point of this scam? To just get your YouTube account deleted? Because the only thing he asked for was $100 after that. So just a cruel attempt for a deletion?
The youtube support should have asked jim why he is deleting the channel and asked if he is really sure, this contradictory question could have avoided this problem
Yeeeah. Sadly, this just goes to show that even the best of us can be caught sometimes. I'm sure it's a "kicking myself" moment. I've had a couple. Fortunately relatively few and none that had consequences like this or anything financial.  The fact that even genuine support contacts sometimes have godawful English now and don't understand capitalisation doesn't help matters at all.  What irks me is this kind of spoofing is hardly new. I mean, I've not been doing computer security for twenty or thirty years now, and we used to send joke mails from Santa just for laughs back then. Sad to see that things havn't been tightened up much since.. Email is a hot mess of patches on patches over hacks on duct tape on patches, but.. Eh.  Glad you sorted it all out, Jim. Much respect for showing us the details. A lesser person would have hoped no one noticed.
A bit stupid tbh.
I avoided a phishing email today because of this video.. or else I would have fallen trap for the same..  I got email from similar domain, asking to verify some details. Something seemed suspicious and I looked at minute details and I could understand it was scam. Thanks a lot @jimbrowning
Even though they’re copying & pasting, their sentences have mistakes, like no (  .  ) at the end of the sentences.
“What do you mean by real support? I’m YouTube” after he said I only want $100 and I’ll fix your account had me laughin 😂
Omg , you must have been exhausted and devastated .but you just have to carry on ,regardless.these people are so jealous of your success.
Gotta give some credit to the scammer.
Perogi & all associates seem to worship you like the godfather from what I've seen on their videos.
Fucking hell, if Jim Browning can get scammed then anyone can. Respect to him for posting this video, it must have been embarrassing but I hope this helps anyone with less IT knowledge (which is almost everybody else in the world!) to come forward & get help as well as educating others.
Nooo they got you too 😢
They got my boss
Great reminder that how we should be on constant alert in the digital environment.
"OK, I'm a scammer, give me $100"  1 minute later  "I am YouTube"
“We are waiting for your reply” or “We are awaiting your reply”  As sophisticated as this is, at the very beginning of their Google voice chat, I saw this grammatical error made by the scammer. I think if you had caught this, it may have given you pause, but this is an error that even someone that speaks nearly perfect English could make. 👩‍🎓(although I guess it depends on how pedantic the recipient is)  I personally try not to respond to anything that comes from anything that looks official, but instead reach out on my own through their website and then take it from there. This has been a good rule of thumb for me. Glad to see you’re back up and running. I know this is late in the game, but I just found this 🕰️
In an alternate universe jim browning is hired by the scammer and we all lose all our accounts and info
Very strange that youtube tried to tell you that your account was unrecoverable-because if that truly was the case, that would just be... really bad design? Like, there are a lot of different reasons why a channel might get deleted against the wishes of the channel owner-maybe the account was hacked, maybe the owner got phished, maybe the owner left their google account logged in on a computer that someone else had access too, and even if the owner was the one that deleted the account there are a lot of reasons why they might want to reverse it-for example, maybe they were the victim of a social engineering scam like this one! Since youtube wouldn't have any way to know if any of these were the case until the channel owner reached out, it would be good practice to keep deleted channels backed up for a period of time just in case-and indeed, it appears that youtube does do this, as they were able to restore your channel (and I believe there have been other similar situations before where they've restored channels).
It takes a great deal of courage, for someone like you, to tell the story publicly ...
I never thought a person all about stopping scams would be tricked like that
This video gave me ever increasing anxiety with every mouse click
Do youtube support actually contact people through Google Chat (or did they at the time of this video)? That immediately seemed dodgy to me but I've never dealt with YouTube support much. Also very easy for me to say not being in the situation.
I don't see how you thought this guy spoke perfect English and then all of a sudden he starts speaking broken English
I think the way to sort out scammers is to find a way to give these people work. Like honest work. Or are they doing it not only for money, but out of spite?
Wow a just realised there must have bn a small window there where you have no idea who he was it didn't matter if the messages were bad or good quality, enough pissed off Indian scammers can revenge hack The king using a guy who knows the plan and knw perfect English, and knws a nice place in the sun where he can txt for a few days
If the guy came forward now is there still an interview in it, lots have people have bn done since he might be sitting on 10s of millions now what a scammers success story that would be...and giving it to u  just seems like he's at least paying back some moral debt.... Then when interviews over give him a proper Irish cunt kicking lol
when i saw mugla, i was embarrassed because we're in same city probably. sorry for scammers from turkey, that was ashamefully sick. i hope you reported him to polices, they could take care of the rest.
My boyfriend has been going through a lot this last year. He started getting into gaming and really enjoying it to the point he created his own YouTube channel. Despite not growing fast or anything it has made him so happy and gaining support made him light up. He finally got to 87 subscribers and was getting an average of 200 views per video which may not seem like much but it was so much to him. This afternoon he got an email that his YouTube account was deleted for spam or something ridiculous like that and he was devastated. He submitted the appeal and thankfully YouTube gave him back his channel but deleted his most recent videos that were doing great? And even deleted ones he had scheduled or just had private?? Does anyone know what we can do? He’s just a small channel trying to promote gaming while having fun and I have no idea why YouTube has to ruin his day and all his hard work.
damm https://youtu.be/YIWV5fSaUB8?t=281     The policy Google holds will match you . ? Google or hereinafter youtube wouldn't ask your personal information in any circumstances. " There is thing like this in the policy bro. So don't get into next time these scams
Don't worry, jim, we are all human. We will make mistakes
they should delete yor account imagine copyright striking
Oh , what an eye opener for me , I’m so bad at computers and make mistakes all time even  useing one finger , mate you showed me that to really take attention all time , Jim thanks for showing this video mate ,  Cheers .
Sometimes coincidences happen, I bought a new car and while I paid a big deposit I took out finance, all was approved and I was enjoying the car when I got an email, supposedly from a finance company asking me to confirm my bank account, fortunately I was a bit suspicious and ignored the email.  two years later and no problems but I could easily have fallen for it.
damn, you fell vicitim bruh
hi Jimmy, I have two email addresses for you, don't know which one to use, can you please send your email addres
The beggest mistake people do nowadays is imagining a behemoth of a company would contact YOU! Not even banks do this nowadays...''YOU'' dont matter...They have invested billions in AI so that you dont bother them anymore, let alone them CONTACTING YOU...Come back to Earth people, smell the 2024's...
When I used to investigate fraud for a bank, fraudsters would often be angling for feedback on why their scam had been unsuccessful. I would never give them anything, if they are educated on their weaknesses they only refine their scam or even change their strategy to something less predictable thus resulting in further losses you would otherwise be able to mitigate. I appreciate it must be difficult to balance what is useful insight and engaging content for viewers against that risk though.
This reminds of a "duplicate bank account" to keep your money safe.
Hi Jim, and everyone in the community, this might not reach Jim and grt lost in the comments but u wanted to inform people of a scary scam email I got today which was all plain text, but appeared from my own email address (in my inbox not sent inbox) they even had an old password of mine, I'm 24, tech savvy and it still made my heart pound, had to do a bit of research but it's happened to others too, claiming to have audio and video of myself doing untoward things which I am 100% sure doesn't exist, they even referred to me as a man. Anyways I wanted this to reach people because it was scary and convincing and I can see how people would fall for this or be too scared just in case so pay out (to a bitcoin wallet). Sorry all for the long comment but I just thought this would be a good place to start spreading the word
I'm a little baffled you fell for this, given the grammar and capitalisation errors, not to mention the tone. They're trying to force you to click a link, THEREFORE you do not. You confirm via a different medium, and if you cannot, you ignore the message. It's the same for any interaction with a human : if they're trying to contact you, they want something, and if a human wants something, they're going to go as far as they need to, to take it from you. Sure it's easier to just trust blindly, but that's how they get you. Never, ever, EVER, trust a human.
That scammer scammed the most unscammable person in the world. Then tries to hire him, then offer to help him. What a guy
A few months ago, my computer was attacked by ransomware (STOP_DJVU), corrupting all of the files I had been keeping since 2004😭. This contains thousands of photos and former game projects that I have created. By sampling a few of the same-type photos, I was able to recover some and use Repairit to restore the corrupted ones. However, it can only handle a small number at a time, and I had thousands. It was particularly disheartening that I never received my initial game projects back. The scammer probably has no idea how much misery I went through, and all I want is for someone to find him and stop him from doing it in the future.
Even experts can be scammed. However the fact the scammers did this, shows just what damage his you tube vids have done.  But he's back, even more determined to rage wage against the scammers.
The thing I don't get is how the scammer would have taken the account back if it was deleted?  He would have done the reques to yt support? But isn't that super risky since most likely they will ask some hard thing to answer if you're not the original owner?
Your experience of being scammed makes you more believable.
😢 incredible ufffff 😢
When I read about this story, I assumed it was  payback from scammers Jim has uncovered, it is even more bizarre that this was random.
As I keep reminding friends who lose accounts. They're not stupid. Anyone can be scammed. If scamming wasn't working on so many people, they wouldn't do it.
Jim Browning you're really helpful,  always my goat!
I spoke boldly about India and Indian cricket scams and they got my channel deleted from Bangalore 😂 honestly I don’t care much! It was just a small channel but since then, I have given up and happy with my 93 subscribers! Hats off to India and Indian for making internet an hostile environment!
Little do they know that there is a scammer here on youtube with a channel and everything (they won't do anything about it)
Youtube never contacting you saying "HI" . Its always the first name or the chanel name.
He must have felt really proud of himself for successfully pulling a tech support scam on someone whose profile picture is "TECH SUPPORT SCAMS" with a circle around it and a line through it. I'm sure he enjoyed the irony.
To me this is just proves everyone can be caught. Thanks for the education 🙏
Idk how you fell for this. Any entry level employee at my company would have seen this as phishing. There is simple and immediately obvious issues with the grammar. There is a missing period at the end of the first sentence. The second "sentence" starts in the middle of the last one. "Adsense" is wrong it's AdSense. Behavior is spelt without the "our" ending despite you being in the UK and likely having your settings set to UK English. Idk how you fell for this, but you aren't as smart as people think you are.
It seems the women from these call centers have the worst attitudes out of all of them
@JimBrowning Hey Jim, have you heard the news of these heartless scammers in the UK blackmailing pet owners who have lost their pets? They said pay me money or you'll never see your pet again!
I knew that Syrian refugees coming to Turkey and some of them committing crimes but holly f... this is some next level thing
It’s so disappointing YouTube support still were not overly helpful to you. Only stumbled across this video today, but in the past I’ve watched videos from a girl called Megan Rienks about how her 2nd channel was stolen from her. This happened 3 years ago and she was one of the biggest channels who had publicly spoken about YouTube’s lack of support. She gained a lot of traction and after weeks and weeks of her repeatedly questioning YouTube about why they were not helping, or taking any accountability, it ultimately ended in YouTube finally admitting what they had done wrong to her and promising their ways were changing and that they were revamping their whole process of helping creators who had been victims of scams/hacking. Very sad to see not much has changed. If you have watched Megan’s videos you will know Jim had a slightly better experience, but only marginally. Very disappointing altogether.
Thank you for this!...my daughter asks, "What happened to that English guy you always watched?...no disrespect, sir!  but I thought you passed.😢 I'm glad you are back from beyond 😅  Much Alofa's! Sorry,  it means much love.
this is youtube's fault for having poor documentation
The first red flag is that your name is not mentioned in the mail, just ‘Hi’. I can see considering the circumstances you missed that but for other viewers; always check the mail address used AND how they address you.
All glory be to God ❤ God bless
That email is 200% more professional and legit looking than the real communications from my landlord.
There is supposedly a 'support' page on Facebook claiming to help people get their Instagram accounts back.  They don't disclose straight away that they charge for the 'service'.  I suspect it's a scam and Facebook haven't done anything about it.
Whoa you’re like a popular scambaiter 😂😂😂😂 this is what you do like this is embarrassing 😂😂😂
He’s laughing at you 😂😂😂😂
Great Video Jim! We're always learning 🙂
Goddamn, the audacity once again of the scammer. "Well you revealed me at the last minute" some scooby doo ass villain
Oh man, i cant imagine the array of emotions that went through you. All that hard work lost but at the same time you confronted the scammer with such calmness and zero panic, I'm in awe. Very happy you got your channel back in the end!
doubt this would have gone quite as smooth today. YouTube support just gets worse by the year. A smal channel (<1mil>) got hardly any, and reinstate a deleted channel is "impossible". If you remember the G+ debacle, you would know YT have NO problem fixing channels. Lots of people got duplicate channels and other shenanigans due to the G+ accounts NEEDED for a YT account .
That is really scary, I may have fallen for that too. I hate that people feel the need to do things like this, I wish we could use the internet peacefully and not worry about phishing, scams etc..
Not a bad scam, but a high-level cybersecurity man can spot fault in the first email sent.
This video is excellent. Yes, anyone is susceptible to social engineering, even security professionals. I would never be so quick to mock others who fall for scams because social engineering can be very sophisticated and convincing. Remember, a lot of threat actors out there are also security professionals themselves.
This is NUTS! Glad you were able to recover everything. And good on you for sharing this scam.
Respectfully, I do not understand how you can build a YouTube channel busting scammers then fall for this. The typos and grammatical errors in the FIRST message were your biggest red flags. Forget the google domain and coincidence, take five minutes to contact YouTube directly. I am not a content creator, so I do not know the severity of a duplicate AdSense account, but the whole thing seems like something that could have waited a day for you to ask more questions and initiate contact with YouTube before clicking into a chat link.
Am scared how original owners can recover their channel. This doesnt favour a buyer of a channel.
Giving massive Entrapta vibes. “Wow, you almost destroyed my career,  can I learn more about the process?”
Your voice <3 you should narrate stories. Where is your accent from?
scribble down the url
Old known scam and always same person from Turkey. Did trace him back to his real email which was his first name and last name but then i give up
Lmao the scammer didn't even think of putting a proxy or even use a VPN haha
You sound like Liam Neeson.
My respect for Jim Browning as a man just plummeted
You showed that even a top notched scambaiter can be scammed . I admire you for using this bad situation and turning it into a learning  to all of us on what to watched for. You are still number one in my book Jim. Keep up the fight my friend.
Hey Jim, I was wondering if you can help me get my Xbox account back it has 8 years worth of data on it and a scammer stole it from me he deleted my email completely and replaced it with his I was wondering if there's any way you can help me get it back
This is one good scam I’ll give them that
🤣Jim Browning, you scammer catcher ...You more of a idiot to fall for this LOL. How can you ? I mean seriously i think your IQ is not that high if you fell for it.
I bet youtube was like "yeah, right you're not Jim browning. The real Jim would've never fallen for that"
My mom almost got scammed and was feeling really bad till i showed her this. It can happen to anybody. Thank you for sharing your experience!
Everyone can be scammed? Lmao, I can't be scammed, I dont have money so it wouldn't work 😂
so the lesson for us all here is: TAKE YOUR TIME. Don't skim read, actually really read. Glad you woke up and got your channel back in the end!
Jim, thank you so much for the good job. By the way, you have a Scottish accent.
Dummy
Jim you should put up his number so the whole world can keep troubling him
Sorry to hear about this Jim. ❤
It's Nigerian scammer
I almost got tricked by a scam with coincidental timing I was driving along a road with an eToll gate and my toll tag didn't beep. I was wondering if the Toll had been paid. Then 2 days later by complete coincidence I got a text which told me to go to a link to pay a toll that I missed. It took me a while and the more I investigated the page the more suspicious I got. But I was very close to taking the bait hook line and sinker.
This must be absolute horror to see in your inbox as a creator. The Spiffing Brit also fell for it  Thankfully, one of the things Youtube/Google does well is backing up their users' data for recovery  But damn, only asking for 100 bucks as ransom really showed that this person must come from a very poor nation where 100$ means being rich. I know this kind of practice is horrible and unethical, but I can't help feeling bad for them because they tend to do it out of desperation as normal work can't even pay for food.   The personal conversation was kinda endearing. The way he talks sounds exactly like a Syrian refugee(who are all across Europe due to the Syrian civil war) I've worked with, who was also extremely ambitious with weird world views, but nice
I am so bloody impressed that you were willing to let everyone know what happened. Especially considering how you bust scammers all the time. To admit one got one up on you, at least temporarily, says a lot about your character. No ego. Not doing this just for money. This shows you have a real desire to help people. As a pessimist who thinks there are very few genuinely nice, selfless people in this world, this surprised me and put a smile on my face. Despite the fact that you got locked out of your channel for 4 days. That part sucks! Thank you!
how do you notice those capitals and still believe it
🖤
Good evening,  europe my Mum and Dad live in Northern Hemispher i live ,well i think you know my location My wife and i have been listening for a few years now and a very bold move on you and the guy;s to set up a Gladiator assult. and listend to your new venture, Well done. We would like to buy you a Coffee. jim please take care as we care. Bill & Joyce Southern Hemisphire.
I believe it was the scammers trying to shut his account down because he exposes them to help other innocent people who are in this similar situation and it is true, anyone could be scammed because these are professional It Technicians and they know how to hack into your accounts which is scary! I think those scammers came across his videos anyway I am happy that is sorted now You Cannot bring a Angel down called Jim
Jim! I feel so guted for you mate. I still, after watching this, cannot believe you fell for it... but of course you're right, anyone can be scammed. God bless 2SA! All the best bud, following you everywhere (online) now ❤
Isn't the REAL QUESTION HERE... Why is Google/YouTube allowing people to create anything that can spoof? I mean let's face it.. they have enough time & effort to ensure that we don't post what THEY consider fake news! Right. If they put the same effort into THESE.....  Just a thought!
I think Jim got hacked the same way Linus Tech Tips got hacked
Lol the destroyer of scams got smoked by a basic scam
What also helps scammers is when they target something important or vital to you which in your case it was you're you tube channel  which is your business.
BLKSMITH is forcing shit again. Let me know when we can analyze the laptop. Love, ghost
Blood E. Hell. mate?  even YOU? 😮
Not really Youtube but rather my Google account. One day I couldn't log into my account and I panicked. I'm pretty sure at that time I only had the phone verification and the email verification and that's it. Google logged out on my phone and I checked ALL of my devices that had my Youtube/Google/etc. logged in on it, and none of them were still logged in. I was so NEAR to having to start all over on a new Google account, but luckily for whatever reason, some app still had me logged on my phone and I was able to reset everything from there. This goes as a lesson to everyone, please, I'm literally begging you, PLEASE use all of the available 2 factor authentications. Don't have a phone number that can verify? Simple, have a trusted family member or friend that you can readily send the request to and receive the code. Make another gmail account and hook it up your main account in case you can't login there and can verify the code on the other account. Use ALL available 2 factor authentication incase another fails. I can't bare to see people on r/gmail or whatever losing precious memories and everything and Google doing jack crap about it. I really wanted to spread more awareness about this so such a preventable case doesn't ruin a person's day.
Should have never clicked his link to the chat and contacted google yourself through your own channels and have them look up this apparent issue. You would have found out it wasn’t true and then you could have played with this guy from the start, like creating a new account real quick and giving him the info for the new fake account to see how his whole scam progresses. Ah but hindsight is 20/20. Glad you got your channel back. That is definitely scary to think you willing clicked deleted and lose 7 years of hard work. I can’t even fathom.
how did u learn your skills? did u learn it in the military? or did u work for the government?
" ENGLISH IST MY BESTEST " 😀 You're amazing, Jim Browning
Maaan so many things were linked leading you to fall for this. Scammer was lucky or he was a mastermind.
Jim, as a YouTuber myself, the only way he could get this info is from a channel he either runs himself or he has hacked someone's computer and has access to their YouTube account.
Thanks for the upload, that must have caused some pain.
Anyone can be scammed, but everyone can prevent it. Also, the Google search results should have resolved themselves in a matter of days.
despite this probably being an embarrassing thing to admit, it’s a very important wake up call that no matter who you are, everyone can be susceptible to scams.
Thanks Jim you are aMazing.
As annoying as this is and a little amusing I would have never found out about you if it wasn't for this scam.
This is quite impressive. It's curious to know how youtube added such a dramatically dangerous feature with such an obscure explanation of what it actually does.
I'm sorry but why did this happen? Oh that's right I forgot about corruption
Oh Jim, Jim, everything you have every taught us....
Maybe it's a glitch in the system... cause EVEN FAMILY FRIENDLY VIDEOS GOT DELETED!!!  🫨🫨🫨🫨🫨🫨🫨🫨
You messed up big time bro
So the scammer was trying to get rid of a channel that tries to fight scammers. Clever
Wow... I didn't even know that you can do things like this. Like stealing youtube accounts for the money...!!!
I'm glad you got your channel back.  I learn a lot from you.  You really can never be too careful.  However, thanks to your channel and others like Scammer Payback and Pleasant Green, I've been able to spot a scam or too and I spread the word to all my friends and family.  I wish I could support you more than that, but hopefully word of mouth helps you.
Why did YouTube say they couldn't get your channel back? That is very poor...
Nice vid
So you got a counterattack from those scammers, it means you are on the right track. Hopefully more people join your cause one one day we can put a major halt on these scam centers
Yeah that coincidence/timing aspect is the killer. It happened to someone I know who lost her Facebook account when a scammer targeted her at the very moment she was trying to fix a login problem with her account. It was absolutely bizarre. Facebook never helped her, btw. She still can't access the account, but it's thankfully also not active and nothing really damaging resulted.
I had no idea this had happend..🥴😳 This is a wake up call to , especially after what Jim has done for so many people around the world. Thank you Jim for sharing your experience.  Your existance is important to millions around the world.. Glad your back.. 👌😎
im loling the fact that the scammer asked for a feedback 😂
That scammer has hell of a story to tell around at parties. Hunting the hunter sure makes up a real good story.
I'm sorry but Jim laughing with hehehe is hilarious
Interesting!  And yes, ANYONE can be scammed.  It just depends on circumstances as you mentioned.  But it's also a collection of other factors. James Randi pointed out that scientists are often unusually susceptible to pseudoscience scams because they often don't appreciate the limits of education and imagine they are too well educate to fall for really simple things like slight of hand or redirection.
Yes I have seen this page on a youtube video - it was called - My channel was deleted... HOW?
we all screw up even experts in a field of study need to relearn or learn new things to get better hope things go better for you
I wish I knew how to do what you do. :) Don't now but sure am working on it. You provide great leads. Thanks.
YouTube prior to Google actually taking over, though they were in the background from day one, proves the net is a global scam, starting with Obama’s admin handling over internet controls to a global Corp for controlling the sharing that immediately began to disappear with that YouTube “friend sharing” with a click. 🐑  None of these scammers could exist IF not allowed. YOU can’t internet fart without multiple agencies knowing; and data collecting. (UtahNSA center #1 to CIAHAMR center #1- looks like each is working on 3 more each right now)
Glad to hear Jim. I still see some of your old videos. I know Perogi has your back and other scam baiters.
Good job jim
I find it fascinating how watching this video is giving me the same sense of dread I get when watching or playing suspenseful horror media. Nothing is "scary," it's just that feeling of, "No no no don't go in that room run away run aWAY DON'T CLICK THE LINK."
Most likely, the screen shot he sent you was a real analytics page that he edited in the developer settings to inflate the numbers.
the real google team hasn't got the best English either 17:21 "you your channel"
It's not pronounced "support," it is pronounced as "suppote," each and every time. Thank you kindly.
Its just expiriance. Everyone can be tricked and scammers use rush as good old trick. In rush people react different. Important is to learn and never repeat same mistake again. Im affraid worst is yet to come, fast money and no work is what new generation aims at. We all saw all India scammers are aprox. 25 yr old. Open eyes, take deep breathe, ask questions, double check if seems suspicious.
I don't know how I missed this. I'm glad you were able to recover the channel. I am also glad you aren't too proud to admit that you too can fall for a well planned scam. It's important to talk about it when you're the victim of a scam tk show others how you were convinced so they know what to watch for. Thanks for all your hard work.
Hello
funny that they tried to scam a guy who's pfp was a massive red cross through the words "tech support scams"
You roleplayed really well!
I feel like Jim wasn’t actually “playing the flattery game”. To me it felt more like a respecting a worthy adversary. Jim met someone who was actually able to scam a man DEDICATED to exposing scammers. Honestly, if they were sophisticated enough to do that, I feel like they’re also smart enough to not reveal where they’re from either (meaning their IP was spoofed), that’s why they couldn’t take on the phone. But that’s just my own conspiracy. Lol
I've liked your content over the years but I can't help but feel a small amount of poetic justice to what happened ahahah
Thinking 2FA will save you is really faulty line of thinking. I had a sleazy Friday night and I got temporarily scammed out of my FFXIV game account that HAD 2FA enabled. I clicked a link, then closed the website that opened. I then started typing the link manually and I didn't realise that chrome's history gave me the same link I closed. Sleazy night, all right! I then proceeded to log in on forums that belong to scammers, providing both my password and 2FA. Now, my password manager didn't suggest a password, but 2 factors played key role here. First, final fantasy XIV has shitton of domains, subdomains, so in the past I had to add extra urls to password manager entry... Since it was a domain I typed 'myself', it didn't ring any alarm bells. and secondly, the domain has an excellent typo in it, once I sorted out everything, I came back to the url and I had to scan it with my eyes three times to see the unbelievable part.  Now, this 2FA was really time sensitive, because plenty of times when I'd type stuff from my 2FA on my phone into the game window, it would be already out of date! But scammers were able to use 2FA from fake-forum form and log in game as me, they were either very lucky or had some automation in place. They also logged into account management on website.   The moment they logged in game, I was logged out and well, it clicked that I was scammed. The password was reset, which I noticed when I tried to log back in - in game and into account management on the website.  I started password recovery and I got the email, quickly resetting password, and logging in, which logged scammers out. I lost control of my account for about 5 minutes, but my character was already moved to a different location and by the looks of it, I was sending more phishing links to other players (as they started replying when I logged in, so I told them to not open the link, clear history and never trust links sent via dms...).   Luckily, access to critical account information was gated with birth date question. Only once you get through birth date, you then can change email address... but only if you know my mother's maiden name, it's something around the lines of 7T25wzMBwq9UA356zRtTgj2A8.   Had this game service not have extra security on critical account features, my account would have been a goner WITH 2FA enabled. One of the reasons I fell for this (aside from sleazy Friday night!) was because I was lulled into false sense of security because I had 2FA. I would normally be a bit hesitant to use 2FA on a game account, as it's just a faff, but Square Enix gives you free teleport location if you have 2FA enabled, and this is something I can't pass on, so great great incentive from SE!  For the record, I consider myself a security conscious person, password manager for everything and 2fa whereever possible, and even my bank has something like 2yUMQRF88WSxv5miBicsyBTqq for my mother's maiden name. I think my childhood dog's name is hUr4pkMUJAui5TFJPZAN8hcFM - the bank employee tried to contest my answers once, but stopped resisting after I asked her "are you saying my dog can't be named hUr4pkMUJAui5TFJPZAN8hcFM?!".   Ever since it happened to me, I proudly tell the story how I was temporarily phished out of my most precious game account to all of my friends and family, which is even more powerful when I'm considered the "tech wizard" (and I'm not, but for those people I probably am).
A learning lesson. so sad-I'm sorry they did this to you.
Before 8days ago, watching videos of scammers getting crushed was not really something I was searching for… when my 83y.o mother got scammed, that changed. Things to know, her native language is French and she does not speak a word of English (ok, perhaps « yes / no / toaster ».  I have shown her a few videos, which I needed to translate, of scammers getting crushed (your in particular- the academic side is what ai find highly valuable « how to »). This video will be translated in the grainy details because it highlights that the quality/methods used can be such that a specialist in the topic can get caught (almost, I agree). I thank you very much for what you have been providing over the years(I have still quite a bit of catch-up to do!. From Québec Canada - Joyeux Noël et Bonne Année 2023! :) *BTW: since I have been starting commenting on such videos, I got one reply to one of my post telling me that my post was a winner and contact the person via a link. . . .
Boah! This shows how considerate all of us must be.
Wow they hacked the hacker... Incredible.
Yup… even the best of us fall for this. As you said, it’s all about coincidence.   Fell for a Discord game download hack/scam the other week… wouldn’t have caught me if my friend studying in game dev didn’t ask me the exact same thing, to download and try their legitimately, not that long prior.
I got a scam call about student loans. They couldn't tell me my name or other information about me. Be wary of any calls that end up this way.
@jaywilliamsletslivelife
14:38 lol. Rule nr1 don't click (unfamiliar) links. I can't believe that he fell for it, twice. 😆 Anyway, experience is the best teacher. Good that you've your channel back!
What's the one exception mentioned at the end? Sorry, I feel this must be a stupid question from not paying attention properly.
Wait, the advice the scammer gives at 10:55 was legit?? If Jim had just told them to recover it directly he would've avoided all that time verifying.
You rock. Thank you for all your efforts. You are a godsend and there should be more honest people like you. Thank you and be safe.
I don’t know why but that “we are waiting for your reply” made me immediately not trust them
That Yt screenshot def looks like an account thats been hijacked. Every main stat is way down
10:50 xDDD. 18:00  xD. 18:50 😭.
things that never happened:
This makes me feel better about being scammed. It was embarrassing to admit it, but I felt it was important to share my experiences to help my friends. I, too, made mistakes because of coincidences. Now I spend time engaging with scammers to waste their time and hopefully discourage them. I think this has reduced the number of calls I get.
Did you at any point think you could have been talking with a bot?
If they can fool you they could rip me into pieces....
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOW!
Don't worry, Jim. We ALL came back AND brought friends. Almost an extra mil. Sorry no coffee, but I'll spread the Browning Gospel
Coincidence is probably the biggest factor here. I think I dodged a scam from "Internet  Service Provider A" because I was having a stressful day. I'd just switched to ISP B from ISP A, and had had a call from the genuine ISP A trying to keep my custom, but couldn't match the price I was getting, or the speed. I thought they'd called back for a second attempt at first, but after a few minutes I was suspicious. I'd had a stressful day and was frankly pissed off at the 2nd attempt so I wasn't being very forgiving. Then the guy said there was no way for them to slow down the connection (I think he'd offered me a speed that wasn't possible with my infrastructure), and when I pointed out throttling was a thing he got unreasonably pissed off... then I figured that a genuine call wouldn't involve a temper tantrum, so hung up. If I hadn't been at work I might have played with him a bit longer.
I’m curious, looking back now if you could have told yourself it was a scam would you have? Or would you have let it play out the way it did so that it could be a personal experience and a learning experience to all of your viewers?
Nah honestly can’t believe you fell for this
It makes me a bit upset that YouTube lied and said they couldn't reinstate your account for whatever reason, when all it took was a bit of traction for them to actually try. Because as we can see from the conclusion of the video, it was most definitely possible to recover your deleted account. This just shows that YouTube support really doesn't care enough to try unless you have clout...
Another throw-off was the spelling of AdSense. But it's so subtle,  hard to notice when you are scared for your channel
Honestly I was almost scammed into something the other day. I was expecting to be contacted for a job opportunity anyway, so when I get a WhatsApp message saying they have an opportunity for me I went along with it for a bit. Got bounced between a couple different accounts and the website and accounts were claiming to be from a real company. Slowly it dawned on me that this was a scam as they didn't ask for any details on myself to get started, the job itself was basically cookie clicker, and the website had weird spelling errors. After some research it finally clocked, so I asked them some questions about how they thought this job ACTUALLY was supposed to work, to which they just claimed it did. Then blocked and reported their numbers and called it a day. Coincidence really is a powerful tool
Scammers got tired of him so did when to top top scammers to go after him😂😂
They're quite high tech and some good- or just lucky. May they all just have an honest job.  God bless.
Another proof that ANYONE can be a victim of a scam. Even people with fast experience like Jim.
5:30 you have highlighted (for a screen capture?) the modal for the "delete channel" and you say, "it says nothing about deleting videos," but it says, "If you move your channel to account Jim Browning the currently connected channel will be deleted."  So...  It says *the channel will be deleted* that includes *all* content.  You are suggesting that "all content" doesn't *include* videos?  It also says, 3,300,000 subscribers, 170 videos, 3 playlists.  That is all under "what will be deleted."  Ie.  It says *explicitly* that 170 videos *will* be deleted.  But...  I guess...  It wasn't clear.  But you're doing this as a *debrief* not in the moment, that you are making these claims.  And *still* you don't see it.
“I was doing other things and I just wasn’t paying enough attention” exactly how my own mother got scammed.
Damn, nobody is safe from scammers
If I have the money to buy 2 security keys...
7:51 I just can't get over the fact that it *literally* says "Never submit passwords through Google Forms" at the bottom. On a form where the scammer is asking for a password xD
As a rule if i get an email about issues with one of my accounts i go direct to the site through a fresh browser and check if the problem appears there or connect with support. I only use emails as a recommendation to verify through other means.
Great Mea Culpa.  Anyone can be taken in.  Scammers only have to get it right once.
Email spoofing is when an attacker uses a fake email address with the domain of a legitimate website. This is possible because domain verification is not built into the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP), the protocol that email is built on.  <- Absolutely scary how weak this line of defense is
So you are always recording your screen??
support-youtub.
Well the fact that the Channel seems to be loosing lots of money, makes some sense
Wow what a lesson
2 step authentication don't always work, I know someone on discord was hacked twice and he has 2 step on that. Just so you know
VPN, he's probably using one.
Yeah, you both have made multiple grammar errors, but he has blatant English issues.
I respect Jim for telling ⁶the truth but it slightly dents his image as a PC security wizard....atleast nobody watching this should fall for the same trick.
Jeez JB, shocking but as you Indicated, anyone can get caught out, sometimes the planets align and you will get caught out. Glad you got sorted in the end mate💪
7:29 video mark cause youtube sucks at saving where you left off in videos
So a scammer took down Jim Browning? Ironic don't you think? Best to be like me SILENT.
I tried to replicate this to see how they did it. But I cannot see how they send out emails via google chat, let alone change the from address.
most of these scammers just seem like script kiddies. they have obtained a scam script and instructions from elsewhere and are simply using it.
i like that you show even if you do mistakes!
Love u bro 😘😘
so well planned out. glad you were able to recover and show others so hopefully less people get the same scam.
17:20 because thats sth you usually do in the database directly or with self service tools, so at this point you would switch from a offshore support to a much higher price tag
I appreciate you recognizing your own mistake and sharing it on your channel. Your mistake as you might know was avoidable though. I am only mentioning it for others, since it was not mentioned in your video. When an e-mail has anything to do with something regarding your account, money or whatever else. Never click on a link, always logon to your account and go from there. This way you can avoid simple mistakes as not seeing the support email domain, or anything else.
I consider myself savvy when it comes to scams, but I still lost £150 to a double your money scam.  I hadn't yet realised I was burned out, I had a very stressful evening and fell for a blatant scam.  Not a nice feeling.  Thankfully it was only £150 I lost!
And I felt duped when I nearly fell for a what they call  credit verification scam. I challenged their credibility as lawyers and why they used text mail numbers and the deal was off. Whew!
Timing is everything: good and bad.
I find this amazing that they tricked you, glad you got back your channel tho.  Please keep up the good work, millions of people are thankful of your efforts and wish they could make the scammers pay.  I see nothing wrong with hacking the scammers systems and shutting them down, is a act of god!
They probably ganged up on your channel and reported it
ভাই আপনি সময় টিভি হ্যাক করছিলেন🤣
😢😮🤬
This is scary. If you can be scammed, anyone can be. I don't trust anyone anymore! Sad world.
This explains a lot about why I stopped receiving notifications about your site. To be honest, I'd like Toby you a beer @JimBrowning! So glad you're account was restored to continue ceasing scamming activities by scamming cretins! Much gratitude.
I don't ever trust email links, authors, or contents; even more so when it deals with sensitive information. But even still, scammers are crafty and I don't doubt that they could exploit me in a way I don't expect. No one is perfect and anyone can fall for a scam.
Ok my question is... why was Jim recording his interaction? Is he just always recording??
The scammer didn't know it was Jim, can't be. Bad luck bastard.
anyone who played runescape as a kid already knows all about scamming XD
We got the Knightfall arc of Jim's manga
Well hold on, you can always spoof the email sender address, no?   I would never click on a link in an email unless you know its a valid email like an email to verify your secondary factor etc.  you cannot trust what the sender is unless its certificate signed by an trusted authority.
The fact an actual superhero can get scammed is proof that anyone can fall victim to this.
Thanks!
I hope to recover soon.*
The scammer didn't put periods at the end of his sentences.
My autistic brain thinking how can I move something that has been deleted?
I got this message from facebook that my password has been changed, fell for it, seemed all legit so I changed the password, nothing worse happened just cant get into FB without a work computer where the password is :D
the way google has these options set up is a bit convoluted and lends itself to this kind of scam
he keeps his visual identity a secret trouble is theres cameras every were so unless you live in the country side weres very lttle or no cameras but you even have to check the tech u buy these days like wide screen tv with built in hiden cameras
Anyone can claim any email address to send things from! They may or may not be able to receive anything on it though. If you can, look up the correct address and ask them  What we've learnt here is that it's best to not get convinced to do anything weird to any of your accounts (as well as not filling in account information) if it was them reaching out
You had a senior moment aye ?
Sorry you went through that and continue doing what you are doing.  My account is pretty dormant but I would die if my enemies ripped the rug out from under me.
it's scary that you could get scamned!
Just to show anyone is vulnerable.  Thank god you caught it in time.
I wonder it the samething happenes with facebook
that other Jim browning told your spot as the original Jim browning lol
i feel like a lost of scam baiters have a mad-eye moody approach of "constant vigilance" and rightfully so but that's also just not how it always goes down. life happens, shit happens, and you can be caught off-guard. thank you for showing and explaining to us your "off-guard" moment and being humble about it. it can literally happen to ANYONE! thanks for the reminder that victims are not alone!
This is when it became personal to Jim Browning and he's gonna come for scammers even harder and faster now!! Thank you Jim Browning for teaching us and owning up to a simple mistake any of us would make :) And thank you to the rest of the scam baiting community for the love and support!!
ya amk neden türkler bu işlere bulaşıyor
youtube should hunt this scammer :D lols
I have watched scambaiting videos for years, and when i was 21, i was scammed too. It truly can happen to anyone no matter how educated you are on scams. Its just a matter of which one finds you.
First they said brand account, then new account, and finally new brand account.   Devil is in the details.
Jim, even though doing so directly ties in with your channel's mission, I gotta say that "owning" and broadcasting the mistakes you made here really displays what an ego-free hero you are.  It's scary to see how similar the text from the real YT rep (probably an offshore worker?) was to the scammer's script, complete with minor English errors, lack of common sense, and false, nonsensical claims regarding their support abilities.  And I see you eventually got your y[…]/jimbrowning URL back too — cheers!
My hubby and i  are ao happy you got your chanel back, Keep up the awesome job your doing to help all of us God bless you and your team kisses and hugs fromall of us
Jim is the internet, so credit where credit is due, scammers like this are the scum of the earth but to be able to hoodwink the legend JB takes some cleverness.
Wow... you're human, just like me! I wonder, though... I bet that "you can't restore deleted content" is the standard response for most customers.  Restoring it probably requires some manual action on their part.
It can be hard to display your own mistakes. Great work, and I'm glad you recovered your content!
Man. U have to be super careful     U did very bad things to  so many scammers.  They probably put a hit on u
I’m a relatively new viewer.  Did watch you at the Call Center.  Imagine someone like me- with Zero skills!  I had my Facebook account hacked!  Have no clue how that happened!  My hacked account wants me to friend them!  Really?!  Truth be told- I’m 74 and I’ve learned so much from you and Pierogi, etc.  Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
I would be too embarrassed that I got scammed but I thank you for posting this so other people learn from it
I just subscribed to your channel. Lo and behold I got a text saying I joined and a picture of a red couch. Weird.
I don't think they realize when they do things like that, just make you guys go after them more smh. GO GET THEM FOR EVERYONE! THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR HELP
I alway thought about that but I happy you put this video out because it shows anyone can get scammed. I believe I have been so it do not matter what age it just matter what scam they would put on you. I hope you was able to go back after him and make his life a living hell. Sorry that happened to you and I hope everything works out.
We miss you mazing work well come back Jim, 🤔🇬🇧❤️🇬🇧👍🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗
Is it just me or all the scammers like to show off their money?
I am so sorry about ur situtation Jim.I was actually suprised to see country i live used for scammers.I know every country has this types of scammers but still i was shocked when i saw Turkey lol.
I literally make a comment 2 days ago and scammers are now using Jim's avatar to post links in comments. Sorry scammers, I'm in the cyber security field.
Having someone from YT/Google support on a live chat? Giant red flag. The real support works as shown in the video :D
Your the best out there mate, fighting the good fight. Keep the faith friend.
I fell for a scam at work and the main reason they were successful was mainly down to the fact that I was busy. And secondly, as with Jim’s experience, I was coincidentally dealing with an issue the day before which was what the scam email mentioned. I was lucky it was at work and the IT team could resolve it, rather than at home where I would have been in blissful ignorance.
Well done Jim in everything you did and do. I'd love  to be so tech savvy like you.
I'm really sorry this happened to you but I have no idea what happened or why it happened I'm trying to follow it am I to understand that you're getting money because of the amount of views you're getting and they wanted to steal your account so that they would get the money for it but if they delete it on your files then you're not going to gain money cuz you're not going to get a viewers
I heard that Jim's account got hacked, thanks for verifying it and keep up the great work.
Because a millionaire is going to spend their time trying to get $100 🤣🤣 if you believed that it's no wonder you got duped out of your account.
If YOU got scammed, there is little hope for the rest of us.
Have you ever heard the tragedy of Jim Browning? He could safe others from scam but himself.
ᗰᗩᑎ ᑭᒪᔕ ᗪᗴᒪᗴTᗴ ᗰOᖇᗴ ᔕᑕᗩᗰ ᑕᕼᗩᑎᑎᗴᒪᔕ ᑭᒪᔕ
if only you could lay out all the details for us where tech companies have created the vulnerabilities that help arm thieves. For example third party info capture, the fact devices require you to log in with an email that can be tracked to identify you. Rather than allow you to be anonymous. There's keystroke detection, built into your system so when they get into this data they'll know literally every action that you've done. Also why do I pay for a product that yes can process more than before and it costs more compared to  before but does little in the way compared in advancements, and maybe that's because your computing power goes to background collection of data and transmission supporting the company you bought it from, every time you type a letter it doubles the bit usage alone to store it. Yes you're financing the technology within your purchase of a product to support their collection of data. This data collection is meant to make life more convenient. Yes it does how do you think these scammers got all their info, from organized in guys from tech companies. I don't know about you but tech companies have enabled strangers to track your children in real-time from a safe distance, all for your convenience. Complaining about all the insecurities of tech these days? No prob we financed another company to serve you and profit from you. Now you pay for your internet and it's security. Good thing you grew up in a culture where fear mongering is a full fledged professional career for big business. Convince people they'll be more secure in life if they have a computer and can't live without one, teach them of the dangers of the online then create backdoors that make it vulnerable then sell them the back door to put back on.
That’s so thoughtful of you to share what happened so people scammed can forgive themselves if scammed because it’s human to miss things. So glad you got your site back
I need $100
You're so humble to share this embarrassing story. Thanks man very beautiful.
Even the master scambaiter gets scammed once!
Since when YouTube support wants 100 bucks through PayPal from a YT CC?
If this is happening in ordinary civilian life, imagine what is probably going on in the Secret Services World and in crime organizations where money will buy the best hackers around.
It is extremely annoying when people say "only dumb people fall for scams". I think being inattentive is one of the biggest factors. A lot of people would fall for a scam before their first cup of coffee or tea in the morning.
Just goes to show that nobody is immune to scams -- even people who very clearly know their stuff can get tricked.  It doesn't matter how wise or vigilant you are, there will be moments where you are not investing 100% of your attention into discerning scams from genuine correspondence.
One should never let his guard down no matter how good a person is, because even an idiot given the right moment can scam.
this is scary as fuck, no one is truly safe O.o
I liked how the scammer was making millions but needed charity from the person he'd just tried to scam to feed his family. A born liar.
Thanks Jim for uploading this.  A lot of the time in the comments I see people say "how can someone fall for this", but each and every one of us has a different level of understanding how this can work. I think it's safe to say that you're in the top 0,01 % of people that understand how these scams work, yet they took even you a long way through their scam. A well enough designed scam can fool nearly everyone, and social engineering and the craftiness of the person on the other side is of course a great part of it.   Thanks for your continuous efforts into raising awareness and making life harder for these scammers, but I think this video really shows just how alert people need to be and it's not hard to see how older people get scammed so easily.
the irony of your profile pic while talking to him though lol
Scammers scammer get scammed
Jim i was going to say surely you have a external hard drive with all your Youtube videos stored on that you could have reuploaded, i unfortunately don't have that (currently have 2 flash sticks) so heaven forbid if i lost my recently monitized Youtube channel (3/1/2022) i would probably say it's been a great journey but i would close it down (if something like that happens to me) hope you got home alright after the initial launch of Pierogi's The People's Call Centre
While it's obviously embarrassing that this happened, I think it's really brilliant how you turned this into an opportunity to sneak a peak behind their curtain from a different angle.
Are you interested in scammers that are  working on Facebook, or just YouTube, I had a fan page on classic cars with thousands of followers hacked and taken over, they were people that I had been blocking when obvious scam attempts were being made to followers, while I was not making any money from the page, thousands of hours of work was lost and I was unable to get any help from Facebook at all.
Jim i am from the streets, Just a different way to look at this from another angle. It dose not seem like this person was you reg common hacker/scammer. It almost appears like its almost a childlike personality to this person, an immaturity. Meaning He may not have been taking this as serious at first or even more so really expect you to fall for it. BUT, the key thing that sticks out that i most def thing that you took the wrong way is when they said "What made you think I was YouTube" You took that as he wanted to know how to improve his skills. but obviously he knew exactly what to do to add and delete your account so i dont believe this was what he meant by this. When he asked he really wanted to know why. and the dead give away was. "Do you have anybody you hate and wanna take down"  you took it as a pure partnership at first but I believe he was more so telling you why he chose to do this to you. So to be honest. I believe the person you are looking for is prob most like one of these competing YouTube channels that are in your category. Prob someone who is trying to kick off their Channel and maybe thinks you arent as good as them, dosent know why you have lots of fans, or get the praise that you get in the community. Hints the pity and free show of gloat, skill and compassion by giving you the exact (CORRECT) instructions on how to get your Channel back. Scammers dont give in, they dont give anything for free. They get busted they move on. You know that.   SO, long story short your looking for a fellow scammer watch page, possibly an outsider within your community and or youve had a disagreement with
13:35 It's Social Balde i put ur name i get ur detials
thanks for this, being a creator comes with many concerns such as this!
The boy isn't lying about his nationality tho...cus being Syrian and living in turkey..difinately makes all sense
😴😴😴
I think some real gangster thought "omg these Indians are so cute, let me show how to do this shit like a pro" and sent the email to Jim xD
I find it terrifying that even someone who deals with hackers can still be a victim of this...
His eng rly wasn’t that bad
I'm very late to this video, but I have worked in IT help desk for a year and a half now and have had to do phishing training several times as a natural part of that. The downfall of training for things like phishing is that it touches on common things like spelling errors, bad links, a sense of urgency, etc. However it doesn't cover how every so often the stars align just so, and you miss one little detail, or else happen to have a scammer that is at least skilled in ctrl+c ctrl+v and has a good script.
100 usd ransom lule
hahhaha
Lmao good thing I almost never check my gmail
I watched a video from thespiffingbrit where the same thing happened to them basically just as outlined in this video, even the point on asking if he would work with them.
Bro i was not expecting him to be turkish ☠️☠️  edit: BRUH HE WAS SYRIAN IM DEAD
It's gotten to the point where I delete legitimate emails I receive. lol
I bet the next time youtube actually emails you they wont get a response
as a Turk when I see he is from Syria I know he is probably he tells the truth because half of Turkeys population is made out of Syrians (and many of us don't like that because of most of syrians behaviour)
Hey an excuse to tell a me story woah. Recently I went inactive on discord. Changed my name to inactive and reset the profile picture. Someone sent me a message saying that apparently I sent a dick pick and it was my name and user. Usually I have a pretty distinct name and profile. But this was as basic as it gets. I scanned the QR code. After not getting access to the server I realized something was fishy and changed my passwords on everything. Worst time to become inactive I guess. I still have that discord account though.
Always check the english. The "We are waiting for your reply" gives it away.
just a reminder even Spiffing Brit got this deleted youtube channel scam as well while his content is about exploting game mechanics to absolute min max standard
I can't be scammed because i don't believe shlt.
I've never been scammed on the web or by phone. I started scam baiting before I knew what scam baiting was. I was disabled by a bad back and bored. That said, I have been scammed in real life. I grew up in rough pool halls and bootlegging joints, so I think I am pretty good at snap people judgements. With most people I can know about everything worth knowing about them in around 3 seconds of looking at their face. But there are some really talented liars that have caught me unaware. At this time I have a dog that helps me. I know dogs have a reputation for judging character, but in the 60 yrs I have owned dogs, this is the only one who has shown such a talent for it. I keep her close. In 3 yrs she has never been wrong. Just a comment from me cause I reckon I am still bored even though my back has been repaired. Thx for what you do.
I’m pretty sure this has just happened to another big channel. They’ve deleted his private account, gained control over his twitter and also his groups account with 6+ million subs :/
Poor random other Jom Browning, bet he got some weird comments in that time.
A well placed coincidence on a busy day can catch anyone. Thinking you are immune to scams makes you more vulnerable to scams
Guessed at 1st was revenge from an indian call centre
Happy you are back😊
This is absolutely a case where YouTube / Google did half the work. Their UI/UX is horrendous and make the site's (and really all of their recent apps) functionality vague, confusing, and impossible to navigate - which opens the door for bad actors to come in and take advantage of that confusion.
It's probably easy to fall for when you're actually in that situation, since you're maybe panicking a bit. But if you read everything carefully at 5:04 and 6:12 it clearly states you will be moving the empty channel to replace the other one and that you will be left with an empty channel with no subs, vids or playlists.
Ack! That kinda scam plus coincidence will keep you humble and on your toes! I am so glad you were able to resolve it.
Catch them all!!
You deserve my 1 sub  #realJimB
I got a facebook scam just now about having to reset my password. I went to my channel and I was still able to get into it. I was going to reset my password myself without using any links or numbers on my email and found out that I never sent a reset to my email. The email looked legit but I don't trust anything online. So I checked on facebook on my own and I can go into it so I don't need to reset my password. These scammers are pretty smart but I am smarter.
14:14 I tried Grabify on myself and it wasn't very accurate, approximating my location to a city 70 miles away from where I actually was.
I remember Linus making a video on getting scammed out of his account. That was through phone spoofing. Someone going through the effort of falsifying identity, in order to get a hold of the phone number used in 2-step verification. Someone had control over his account for a period of time.
woah woah woah that's mental. Glad it was restored. Wow. It's so easy to be scammed. Lesson learned and a good example for other people.
This makes me feel better for almost falling for a utilities scam after I had forgotten to pay my utility bill for like 3mos (too embarrassed to talk about the call with my housemates, and also taking it on the chin that I ‘deserved’ this because of my delinquency). It was that magic “coincidence” that got me, and also the shame of delinquency that made me want to rush to get things over with. I was standing at the register when I realized I was being scammed, and went… what the heck am I doing???
Is it just me or does the scam seem tailored specifically for JB? EDIT: or not, lol
Wow this story is amazing I’m happy you got your,channel back 😃 🤩
Someone with your pfp and channel name might be scamming people in your video's comment section claiming to restore scammed money to victims
Scammer with a W
Thank you Jim for rolling the dice against them but I have to admit that I do not have your knowledge in this specific kinda profession so that leave me only one thing to do and that’s subscribe yours and other scamkillers channels and like every vid of  you all! ❤️Thank you for sharing this with us and please keep up the good work👍👍❤️❤️
my question is, why did you record the conversation with the fake youtube support? was that all a reenactment? or were you recording it for other reasons? to me, it shouldn't have been necessary to record it until you realized it was a scam
You're great! You should also have a channel that teaches the basics in understanding how to use a computer for computer illiterate people!
Jim you can upload the recorded videos on a backup channel. YouTube also adds fake views in an attempt to show-off the impact.
This is like when you realise your dad isn’t the best driver in the world
Did you get it back?
Did you think about actually contacting Youtube to determine if this message was from them?  This must have been a Russian, crafty characters!
The master....was out-mastered...
I'm happy you got your account back but kinda sad to see that it had go viral before youtube would step in. I recently had my Instagram hacked and there were no live chat or email to help with the problem. Sometimes you feel like you're talking to a brick wall
Can't believe you let yourself get phished after all the videos you did 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Wow! Jim was scammed!?? I can’t believe it
14:40 sorry man, I am also Türk and it is painful to see somethimg like this
Even the experienced guys can get scammed, and that is scary!
I can't believe tht scammer from where I come from to UK 🇬🇧 must be Syrian definitely as we have lot of them there does many scams to Turkish people and living tax free and all kind of benefits next year general election hopefully Gov hand over to new Gov then send those guests back to home as there is no war f. All in Syria 🇸🇾
See, even one of the best, most intelligent scammer hunters/hacker can be duped.  So, to all those who feel bad and/or embarrased about being scammed.. DONT BE!!!  It's clear this happens to the best of us.  I think i speak for us all here, Jim. Were glad you got your channel back up and running :) I just feel sorry for the guys who done it, im sure you will on their ass VERY soon haha!!  Keep up the great work, Jim.
Sorry for all your problems but it's kind of funny because you're right that dude must have got like so many views on videos he's probably like what the hell is going on
I don't know if this is true but I heard if I skip the ads you don't make money off the ads because I skipped them so if I watch the ads you make a little bit of money is that right because channels that I like I'll just watch the abs to make sure they make a little bit of money off me it's not a lot but it's something
Holyshit for real $2000000 and you're still doing this probably should have quit while he was ahead or he's a pathological liar hopefully you get this dude
why can't I see the comments?
But wait wouldn't they already know that at least the email address
Damn well I'm glad you're sharing this so in the future I would know does anything else but YouTube or Google then it's a scam but I don't make money off YouTube I do it just for fun and a hopefully change some gaming companies and make them see that they are ripping people off and they need new content so basically I give them my best advice but they don't seem to want to use it and I only have like 666 subscribers I thought that was hilarious because of how my channel is and how I wear a mask but then someone unsubscribe so now it's 665 but it's all good it'll go back up again but yeah I don't think I'll ever make money off YouTube
Damn that sucks I can't see how anyone could trick you
Why do I feel guilty as a turkish 😐
i just open new channel for gameplay video. i edit the video , put subtittle , comment , and credit to the company but my new channel get removed today .
YT/Google are bigotic glassholes
Wow, that's wild. 🤯
This scammer is written down in the books as a legendary scammer among them. It really just goes to show if they took the time to train their people a bit better to have proper english they can get away with more.
The guy that scams scammers gets scammed. New quote?
my Facebook page with nearly 200k followers had been hijack and taken over last year, Facebook didn't even reply (only bot replay) or assist me in getting it back.
Ok wtf a scammer actually managed to scam jim browning of all people? Can we just acknowledge how ballsy and impressive that is?
this is the story of the man named stanley 0:12 idk why it just gave me a vibe
Truly, great kudos for sharing your own mistakes. Getting scammed easily makes you feel humiliated, and it lessens the shame knowing that even people like you Jim can indeed fall for it. Like you said, it can happen to anybody. I think a good rule to do as a precaution, -even when not being suspicious, is to thank for the info you're given and say you'll get back to them later during the day to solve it. That way you are contacting the company yourself
I suspect the other Jim was offered that new domain name for a fee, and paid it.
It is difficult to notice these types of scams because they are usually designed around the idea of putting you into a high stress situation. But that is usually a good indicator that you are being scammed. If you are stressed and feeling rushed to get things done, it is important to take a step back and realize that there is no such thing as a situation where you should ever feel rushed. Everything can be handled at a later time, whether hours or even a day or two later. When someone is trying to rush you, always get into the habit of realizing that there is always going to be time to get it done and train yourself to slow down and investigate the situation more. I'm not saying that everyone who tries to rush you is trying to scam you, but it is definitely a good indicator that you are being tricked into doing something.
hold on!! but why would you help him by telling him why you thought he was a real support from Google? you're just helping him for real to get better at scamming :( didn't like that
You seem genuinely humiliated because you are obviously trying top-down and explain how you were outsmarted. However you are a smart guy clearly and I am sure they will never outsmart you again.
irnoic
Wow, what a story. Eventually it is all about a small mistake like being distracted for a short time.
jim how do u get these spam mails?! is that a scripted a madeup video??
im also from turkey bruh L
Lol that’s a real address just type it on home address finder and it shows up in turkey
You're adoreable!
Sorry that this happened. Thanks for sharing this. Very humbling. Please keep up your amazing work. 👍
Can literally happen to anyone. Even a professional like Jim
Owing up to a mistake is the most impressive thing.
Him: galaxy a50 Also him claiming to have 2.5m dollars Like rich people can have cheap phones, but *most* have high end ones just because
Chris' are legendary everybody loves Chris
As a Syrian  Im surprised that he is syrian....lol Im sorry that he almost made you lose your channel..i hope he gets explosed one day...but we have so many retards thats one of the reasons why we had a civil war Im glad you managed to get back your channel I love your content ❤️
This is so scary!! Even a person whose job and expertise it is are to prevent scams, armed with all the techniques and ways NOT to get scammed, gets scammed himself. These scammers are getting smarter and more sophisticated with their techniques. We need to adapt and get smarter as well. I am glad you have learned how this method of scam works. It's unfortunate that your Channel was "somewhat compromised" in the process BUT the pos thing about it is that you learned / we learned how sophisticated these scammers are getting and gained more knowledge of their techniques.   This just triggered a new awareness to me. From now on I'm JUST GOING TO IGNORE ALL emails about anything dealing with accounts or any emails about anything regardless of if it is legitimate or not!! And If I receive one that looks legitimate, then I'll contact the company directly and not take a risk on clicking or calling any numbers that they provide me EVEN IF THEY ARE LEGIT. It's gone to this as scammers had found ways to be the actual legitimate companies by hijacking their IP or websites.    It's crazy bc, I actually did a dark web scan for my personal info using one of my credit score company (they offered a free scan as their company was compromised a few yrs back) and My personal EMAIL, both first and last name, my Cell #, and some of my old passwords, was actually found in the dark web being sold. And I am one of those guys who is very careful with their sensitive data, I guess I was not careful enough as they have my info.   I watch A LOT OF Trilogy media, IRL rosie, Scamers paybak, and now I've subed to this channel in hopes to educate myself, keep up to date with the new scams being used out on the web, and prevent from getting scammed in the future.
13:37 I am always a bit surprised that often, the assumption is that it has to be a screenshot or stolen, but not simply edited. I don't mean photoshopped. F12 and I can have any views, earnings and what not. Graphs are of course a bit harder, but it's not like that one has to align with anything, as long as the right side (the number indicators) are fixed
Wow, thanks for this video.... So human to make a mistake, and it shows how coincidences can lead to human error. Love your channel and love your videos! Much appreciated to show your own mistakes. "Eier aus Stahl" 🙂
What caused you to record all this?
Well i can reupload.... the scammer. No
Shit this is a good scam i could have fallen for this if i had ad sense like thats way better then the normal ones except near the end but by then most people are not thinking
that how in some videos you find comments from channels have big subscribe numbers but no videos in the channels!
Now I understand why you are waging total war on scammers.
I fell for too many scams, so I guess to not reply to anyone is a better way to do it?
Actually a scammer becoming "nice" and asking you if you want to work with them after you make it clear to them you're onto them is not uncommon. Well, the "nice" part is face value only as they simply become aware you know and are pretending to be friendly until they see a chance to scam you another way or just learn what tipped you in order to not make that mistake again.
Chāi þerengü!
It saddens me that the great dear leader Jim browning got scammed
Thanks
Glad you got your channel back
That’s funny because I most likely would’ve never even seen the email because I rarely check my emails and I have so many email accounts it probably would’ve gotten lost.
I’m devastated his real name isn’t Jim Browning
jesus, now you can even get scammed from legit links... i also got scammed two years ago loosing everything thanks to a ransomware, youtube channel, facebook account, ...etc , would like to share the whole experience somewhere where people could watch it but i don't know if Jim can do it.
It seems the algorithm is slipping 🤔 maybe it is growing self-consciousness
man that outro music is an absolute *bop!*
This also goes to show that your data is never actually deleted from Google when you delete your channel. I'm curious how long they hold on to it.
you should do the duck on the scammers screen next time
Either these scammers are really well sophisticated or they didn't realize who theyve scammed.
13:40 This also could be a result of inspect element
13:35  They took a picture and went to photoshop or something to change it en move the text to make space for the large numbers... I would it that way if I'd needed to so ye....
It's sickening, to see someone like you fall for this scam. You need to tighten up.
AHHH that's why!!!
Lol 😆 Twatt 🤷‍♂️
The feedback given by the site when merging the accounts is confusing AF: what will be deleted & on which account and what will be the result after the merge?  I've seen small games nailing the item merging process – it leaves the user confident in regards to which item will get destroyed & what the new item's stats would be after you type "confirm" & hit the [merge] button.
GUYS HELP I THOUGHT I WAS IN MY VIRTUAL MACHINE AND I WASNT PLEASE PLEASE DOES ANYONE KNOW HOW TO GET RID OF MEMZ VIRUS PLEASE
The irony
I've been scammed twice.   Once was my fault - I entered all my details into an online form.   The second happened when I wasn't sent the second of the two factor authentication, to confirm. Yes, I had changed all my details. I still have no idea how that one went ahead.   Both times I got my account back. This wasn't for YouTube.
whats 2sa? i only know 2fa
Wow if this can happen to Jim I’m stuffed
:(
Your content and data was not in fact deleted.  A common safeguard is to have a field in the database that is a "Delete" flag, and when true the content/data is not shown or rendered in the browser.  The recovery team would simply go through their databases/tables of your channel and update that field.
I hope one day you play a recording of my conversation with a Medicare or life insurance scammer. I get about 18 calls a day, I’ve began to answer with this. teree maan kee choot mein haathee kee Soond. Tends to irratate them pretty well. 😂
2:30 I fell for this kind of coincidental thing once. I'm the kind of person who rarely orders anything off of the internet and had never used vinted or shipped through Hermes before. So when, a week after ordering my first item off vinted through hermes, I got a text from 'hermes' telling me that they'd tried to deliver my item but had missed me, I believed it. After all, I was out that day at comic-con, there was no guarantee that any on my housemates were home, and  I had not clue what the usual protocol was for vinted or hermes. For all I knew, this was legitimate but just not something I'd encountered before.   I filled in the form on the link they sent, which asked for my card for the late fee (something I'd had also had reason to believe because I've had to pay for legitimate post related things online before) and it was only the next day when vinted refunded me for my item (which the sender never sent, so the order was cancelled) that I realised I'd been had. Fortunately, my card information had not been used and I was able to freeze and cancel the card before anything untoward could happen but it really was a reality check as I had previously thought myself too clever to fall for a scam. Coincidence is indeed a dangerous weapon in the hands of a scammer.
I'm so sorry you had to go through all of this. This is also a lot more believable than the typical ones are.
oof.
Has Google closed that back door yet?
Thank God you got your channel back. I don't think you were scammed your too clever for that. Respect to Christopher from YouTube..  excellent job Jim Browning. Peace.
the scammers: "Ladies and Gentlemen.... we've got him!"
I can't wait to see the scammers version of this on their youtube channel, "How we got the great Jim Browning to delete his own channel."
If Jim can get scammed, then the rest of us are screwed
I relate to Mark Rober...I forgot my password during a scam xD
Great comment below I totally agree. These people are getting smarter and smarter and with the amount of money they take in some have far more greater capabilities than a program like TeamViewer. Sorry this happened to you one of the front line fighters against these people. Keep up the fight my friend!
I've been meaning to comment on this video for a while, this just shows that scams can happen to anyone! I feel like I would have noticed that this was sent though Google chat, though that's a really sneaky way for them to get you to fall for the scam. I am surprised that they managed to get away with it however.
im still suprised on how you got tricked into deleting you're channel
Your finest hour was producing the present video to prevent us from going through the same. Keep up the precious work!
Hey Jim so I heard about this through another creator who got hacked probably the same way but still lost the account even though they had 2sa. They even show a new authenticity gadget to prevent lose of account. Do a search for user holiest who does game content mainly about tower of fantasy.
Glad you got it sorted out keep up the good work. A great lesson for all of us.
shouldnt the punctuation and grammar in that paragraph be a tip-off?
The payback will be epic...
Thanks for all you do Jim. Glad to see you got it back. Just came across this.
Luckily, NOTHING is EVER deleted from Google!!
You can tell more than one person has given these idiots money to stop scamming!! 🤣🤣
Backen up your videographs on thumbs' drivers.
What contemplations were going through the scammers head when they realized their victims name is “tech support scams”
I work in enterprise IT and a lot of new people wonder why we are so silo'd and have such strange seeming processes to do simple things. It's because of this. Social engineering can unseat even the most scrupulous security freak and the only defense is to have power segregated and divided into multiple hands that don't work closely with each other.
It's the "we are waiting for your reply" that makes it clear that it's a scammer. Should be some sort of time-based ultimatum or maybe even "we await your reply"
There are a lot of Syrian refugees in Turkey. I believe him when he said he's Syrian since he was so proud of his work.
Guess that was a real good lesson for yourself. By now you should be adamant and i guess no one will ever take you down again. Like an Iron man, he sacrificed himself but has he really died? Not at all - he still lives in peoples hearts. Just want you to know - you're a good person and everything will eventually work out fine for you.
I didn't think Jim could be scameers
This really does show how convincing these scams can be. Even people who are fully aware of this can get caught. Reinforces that the people who fall for these aren't 'dumb' or 'should know better' anyone can fall for it
While we are at it. Dox them as well. Only way to end a demons scam is to shut all the doors. No money and no anonymous identity, no more I'll gotten games for them. I hope someone does this, and if you do, DO NOT MAKE A VIDEO OF IT.  Bury that secret in your grave.
These kinds of people are demons. Let's take their money and distribute it to many non profits to create new enemies for these scammers when they try to take their I'll gotten gains from these non profits.  Money is their god so let's take it away. Introduce them to the world of famine.
Sounds to me if YouTube can't be bothered tracking down these scammers immigrating YouTube. Than somehow YouTube is getting revenue from them.  In this world everything is suspect until proven otherwise.  The Greeks had a saying. "There is no more fearsome a creature as your own fellow human kind". I am paraphrasing of course but nothing should be lost in translation. The worst demons to be wary of in this world is humans. So "verify to trust" (verify first than trust always).
Oh my gosh I didn’t even realize I was no longer subscribed. I hadn’t seen you videos for awhile and was watching the latest thing you did with Mark Rober. Then today this video showed up in my feed and that’s when I realized it. Lol if I was you and this happened to me I’d have taken thrown a hissy fit and smoked every scammer computer I could get on. You are a better man than me. I guess that’s why I’m not blessed with your skills
a Syrian scammer? as a Syrian/Canadian i'm bit proud hahahaha
You totally did this on purpose to see how it would go.
They got revenge on you. Wow.
They hate it when they have to pay you. So they look for reasons. Thinking you'll leave it up for free. Plus many other juvenile ways that they have.   So gay.
Didn’t spiff also lose his channel to this scammer? That screenshot might have been from the spiffing Brit.
Jim, do you have idea how FAST 2 million dollars goes?  It won't last you the rest of your life, maybe something like 10 years or less, depending on where you live, how you live, and other factors.  Most people think that if they got 5 million dollars that they would be set for life.  Far from it.  All you're doing is delaying the amount of time until you have to go back to work.  I realize that this is a bit off track but I wanted to share this bit of information with you.
Imagine being the scammer that could say I temporarily goofed Jim Browning. Bruh Glad he handled it professionally and got it fixed. Goon on ya Jim
I was scammed to do the same thing years ago grr I had about 2575 subs then after the scammer got my acc took off, now with my new account I only have only over 500 subs been hellish few years trying to get my subs bk :( but glad I bk up all my videos I make to my laptop tho
Seems that YouTube scammed you Jim Browning 😂🤣
I am un scannable, don't have a YouTube, FB channels, don't have online banking / apps, and in real life I scare most males
13:36 I'm thinking, false screen grab. if he has such a good income on adsence, why does he ask for money in his hacks?
Subscription and notifications are fine.
Im watching this with samsung galaxy a50    Believe me guys its not me -someone that own samsung galaxy a50
Jim.. I am a syrian. And i am sorry for that individual for he did. I am really sorry and angry at the same time.
You lost a bit credibility for me Jim. I didn't expect you to fall for such a scam. You should research and most importantly pay attention. Youtube would never do such a thing. Rookie move.
I deal with vendor support all the time and they never know what they talk about half the time so I always take what they say with a grain of salt and never blindly run commands and requests until I fully understand what it is going to do
This is terrifying, if Jim can be convinced there’s no hope for the rest of us
Although we may do the best to be cautious anyone can still get scammed under the right circumstances. Lucky the penny dropped when the scammer asked for your last confirmed password. Shifty buggers. Love what you do Jim.
Thank you.  I think I need to do the same.  Pay more attention.  Twitter is installed on this phone but I don't have access to it. I have tried to set up PayPal, Cash App but it all gets taken away.  Eventually all the passwords I've written down,the accounts I made and things I've done became overwhelming.  Now ,I still get calls, I still don't have much and all the tech support to learn what I thought I was doing wrong was fake I assume. I don't know that for sure b/c I don't know how to use the technology. Edit: I believe someone is using my information and lack of technical skills.  Someone close to me. With that said I do not know that for sure.
Man, this must have been awful, I am so happy you were able to recover it!
Ahh, the tragedy od Darth Plegis, the wise. He could save others but himself. Good to know you got your channel back sir
New to your channel.. but thank you for the heads up on everything. Love your content and thanks for all your work and awareness that you be giving out to people. Appreciated 🙌🏾👑
Goodness if experts can be scammed what hope is there for the rest of us. Meaning in general I'm not a content creator.
Rather ironically Jim is better off than ever!   He's got his channel back & 2 + million views on how he lost it in the first place! 😁👍
The person who did this to Jim was a wretch, no two ways about it but... Having one of the greatest scam fighters ever over is some scalp to show the grandkids!
Scary that you were able to be scammed by a well put together script. :|
im pretty sure the real youtube support is either difficult if not impossible to get ahold of
Much respect for admitting what happened to you. Never considered supporting anyone on patreon but you'd be the first if I did. I pray you guys are successful at bringing down these scammers. They got my parents as well but thanks to videos like yours I was able to educate them and prevent them from losing more money. God bless you and your fellow youtubers. May He aid all  of you in bringing these people to justice.
Government is scared
It wasn't all bad, he provided a good content, and experience. Jim really has nerves of steel, he played along with the scammer trying to catch him while knowing 7 years of his work probably went down the drain. The funny thing is he targeted Jim not knowing he's the ban of scammers, yet somehow succeeded.
It is a great cautionary tale. We are used to seeing scams that just cast a very wide net under a "Try enough and one is bound to get lucky". BUT a skilled scammer that is targeting you specifically are often a bit harder to detect. They ain't coming to you with bad spelling, thick Indian accents and really bad lies.
This is the first I've heard of 2SA (2-step authentication).  Here, it's usually called 2FA (2-factor authentication).
I remember when this happened and I was thinking that, if they can get Jim, they can get anyone under the right circumstances.  I am glad he posted this as a warning to alert others to this type of scam as I had never heard of it before.
he is called youtube support and he has a google image
Don't just hover over URLs by the way, COPY PASTE THEM somewhere first, because there have been techs in the past to spoof the status bar (not sure if any browser allows anymore but I wouldn't trust it).
If I was the scammer, I will make a video bragging how I scammed the Jim browning himself and get millions of views.
The master ethical hacker got hacked.
I liked a lot of your 2022 videos, but this is the one that made me subscribe to your channel. I deeply appreciate your honesty and for walking your audience through the scam step by step and pointing out the pitfalls. Just four minutes in, I had already learned a few new tricks I hadn't seen before, and could easily empathize with how distraction or coincidence could catch anyone! I love your videos, keep fighting the good fight!
Thus is cringe worthy but also humble, unfortunately we are all human and make mistakes if you can get tricked it shows your just how easy it can happen.  Glad you got it taken care of tho. Take care Jim and keep giving us content.
Brilliant!
Jim, I'm very happy this had no lasting effect!  Keep doin the good stuff.  Heroic stuff!
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I wanted to take a second to say thank you. Because i listen to you i understand what a scam call looks like and sounds like. About 4 months ago I raised $6,000 for a friends family. He died from a sudden heart attack and the family needed some financial help.  The money was in my PayPal and i wanted to transfer it into a GoFundMe account.  I was having trouble doing so and i Googled the number for PayPal.  The problem was the number that came up wasn't PayPal but a scammer.  After a few short minutes on the phone i quickly realized what was happening.  I called out the scammer. He got mad and started yelling at me.   Later i found PayPals actual number. In the end PayPal told me they didn't support large sums of money being transferred into Go Fund Me because of scams. Lol
I'm a software developer who's quite conscious about security topics, but I've fallen for social engineering once, letting someone gain access to a political Twitter account I was controlling. It was quite a motivated person who targeted me specifically due to being political enemies...   The "funny" thing is, while I was easily able to recover the account, it then became completely impossible to log in to due to what seemed to be a really stupid bug in Twitter. No matter what I did, it kept asking for some kind of verification. Contacted Twitter support countless times, but no dice. They're really terrible. After a year or so the bug was fixed and I was able to log in again. So stupid. Bugged mega-corporation software was the real problem all along. :-P
the choppa get chop lol
maybe his 2.5 million dollars was in turkish/syria currency?
when the hunter became the hunted
Finding out that you were able to be tricked, you, of all people, makes me feel so... exposed.
If the king of scam baiters can get scammed that is a serious problem  😮
jim.. just want to say, you are a legend! you expose scams AND make very entertaining videos. keep it up!
I received an phishing e-mail from PayPal saying that I made an on going $350.00 monthly payment to some Cruz Corp. I immediately called PayPal support and found that it was a phishing scam.
I was in jail while all this was happening. This is a fucking wild roller coaster
The balls of this guy to recognize in public HE was tricked. One of the worst parts of beign scammed is to deal with the shame of it. You are really leading with the example of recognize our own vulnerability, the fist step to get real security. You man, you are a bless for the honest people of the internet.
TL;DR: "So, while he explained how he managed to hack me, I hacked him."
Well I knew something was off I was subbed to you then wasnt
I don't understand how you are so calm when talking about how your channel was nearly gone forever.
I think it's real. I have seen YouTubers get their accounts stolen and held hostage before
Mr brown.... You rock 👏
lmao wow well at least all is not lost Jim Browning good to see you back at it and better the ever
Jim! if you read this, your a fucking hero mate! fuck the haters and keep kicking ass bro we love you!
Man U r a legend
The ONLY time I've ever been scammed was by clicking on a random porn popup that spread a ransomware through my PC. I had nothing really of value on it so I just took it to the shop since I was inexperienced at the time, and they just reinstalled windows for me. Never been touched by the million scammers who have tried since.
Presumably the reason why you had to wait for Google to verify you/your account, was because that’s exactly what the scammer would’ve needed to do in order to get the revenue - pretend to be you and try to get the account reinstated? Otherwise, he has the password to a deleted channel
Hey Jim, don't you have backups of all your video Posts??   I have backups of all my Internet Radio Shows. From back in 2016 back... Course they are Video based, which would be very big files to keep backed up...  As I don't know what a file size would be for a 15 minute to 1 hour plus size video would be.  I avg. 178 Mb for a 3 hour show with music and audio(Voice).
OMG!!! What? I am so sorry Jim.
“Are you ok with ruining people’s livelihoods?” If that’s a Syrian refugee, good on him for trying to scam you, a rich white Irishman. Syrians have gone through some shit, and if they decide to collectively start scamming the rich, I’m all for it. I hope this guy’s still continuing his thing.
How the mighty can fall.
I'm not really sure how I feel about this one. Syrian immigrant stealing money from rich youtubers??? I'm kind of ok with this one. "Are you ok with ruining people's livelihoods?" Didn't Syria get gas attacked by their own government????
You usually go get but you got got this time
I have a strong suspicion AI is running Google now, and there's no actual humans in charge anymore.
alot of people call it 2fa, i wouldn't understand what 2sa is either.
we're all just dumb programmable robots. the thing that shocks me the most is that Jim got phished. Even if he believed this initial email he should have known to approach youtube DIRECTLY.
They are like rats
I lost 2 business pages on Facebook by scammers in the Philippines they infiltrated a friends fb and pretending to be her asked me to join “her” new business page, but I needed to login to fb, they were watching my password, then changed it and overtook my pages, years of work lost in seconds…..grrrrr…….all they did was pretend to be me and ask my friends for $300, of course no one believed I would do that…..they just rang me
definitely a lie with his 2.5m revenue, the galaxy a50 is a very old mid-range phone
I'm skeptical of 2FA myself. I recently had an attempt on my Facebook which is secured with 2FA. I had noticed a notification pop up on my phone saying that my friend request I sent out was approved. I didn't send any friend request, so I immediately checked it out, within seconds of seeing it.  Some random person I've never heard of accepted a request. I blocked the person and went to check the security page. I noticed on the active devices that my account was logged into a device from (if I can remember) Lebanon. Well, I pushed that off the list, reset my password and told Facebook to logout of every other device.  I'm not sure how that managed to happen but prior to this there was a red flag on my Google account, specifically Google Backup and Sync. The account wasn't compromised as far as I could tell. No nefarious logins, no strange activity, but the Google security was pretty sure I needed to review things. Regardless I did the whole gambit of changing the password and all that, twice, just to make sure.  Not sure if those were related in any way, but it was strange they managed to get around 2FA on Facebook, and past the logging in from an unknown machine. I still managed to stop it within 2 minutes of the notification popping up.
I'm sure this works on some people but there's no way he's going to keep this up without getting caught.  He's not even smart enough not to connect to the internet to talk to someone he just scammed without using a proxy or VPN.  It looks like he may have  just used his own home fiber internet service, given the info that IP shows.  Not a good idea if you're trying to internationally extort money out of someone.  Turkish prisons are not a fun time.
Sorry you were scammed, thank the Lord you got your channel back. One thing is for sure, I don't click on links even if it was sent by the FBI or MI5, if I get an email concerning anything, I always call the business directly, you can get these information from their websites directly (this means I don't call numbers in the emails). I don't pick up calls on my land line and I don't picks up calls from numbers that are not saved on my phone. I don't use my banks cards in stores or online but I have cards like Revolut which I put a minimum of £20 which regards I don't use in any store or website, only those I believe are verified.  Regards of all these anyone could get scammed but taking these steps helps reduce the chances. If it's too good to be true, it's a lie, so please always use common sense, you honestly don't need a degree for that and most importantly if your greedy, you will get scammed. Please be safe and thanks Jim or the entertaining videos.
This is freaking wild. And the should be used as an example as to why cyber security is so important. Literally anyone can get hit. And knowing that should make us all feel a bit better.
Thank you for everything you are doing! I’m new and trying to catch up on all your videos! You go above and beyond. You are absolutely brilliant and such a wonderful person! Everyone needs money- that doesn’t make it right to scam innocent people. Thank you for showing so much love and goodness in a world filled with greed and hate.
Damn.   That's crazy.    But kudos for putting it out there.  It will make a lot of people less embarrassed knowing that you got scammed too.
We can see your email address in that email screenshot at the start
Glad you got your account back. Very educational. Ty.
bro you need to be on high security 24/7
See, the first guy seemed helpful, like he was trying to help you get your adsense sorted out, trying to make your life easier. This is how you tell it's a scam. As soon as you got on to the real youtube they fucked you around for 2 days then lied to you to make you go away. Then they took 4 days and gave you scam-like instructions. I'm certain someone at youtube could have just pressed a button and your account would have been back.
Fascinating stuff Jim. I recently read a YouTube saying that a Kaspersky scam identifier had also very nearly fell for a scam but finally spotted the problem with the emails he was receiving. I found this quite unbelievable as after the second reply to him by the scammer I had already started to craft him a response telling him it was a scam. It took him another 4 responses before he started to question what he was doing. It may have been that he was distracted  or just, as you were, just missing something you did spot after missing it the first pass of reading it. Certainly I have fallen for scams and I know a lot more about how these scammers work so that I can protect myself from future attacks and as you say 2FA or 2SA will stop most of these from stealing your money or your information or data. Regards Richard
This explains why I just had to resubscribe
So where's part 2 where you get payback 😍😍😍🤗🤗🤗
Good going, just subbed. bravo.
I can't imagine the massive amount of stress.
"Unfortunately, we don't have a way to recover a deleted channel."  *Has a way to recover a deleted channel.*  I'm so confused why Google - the real Google -  would include that paragraph in the mail, if it's entirely untrue.
Oh my gosh no way!! a Scammer almost won!
Thank you for the work you're doing to get rid of scammers, they have to be stopped, in today's age to survive is one thing but to steal from someone is another and no one can stop it,  because of the internet but just knowing people like you will make a difference in this fight and deter someone to start doing this! Helps greatly
13:40  *ANSWER* *pretty simple trick.* You can change anything in a web page using chrome Devloper tool.  Devloper Tool  allow you to change any of html elements  in a web  page. (EX: headings,size, height, width, colour, fonts,tags etc)        *To open the developer tool in Google Chrome, open the Chrome Menu in the upper-right-hand corner of the browser window and select More Tools > Developer Tools. You can also use Option + ⌘ + J (on macOS), or Shift + CTRL + J (on Windows/Linux).*
Glad your're back Jim!. Time for payback The scammer will get whats coming to him.
Thank you so much for this.  I searched for a support for amazon or something like and I saw "third party" phone numbers.  I did not trust it.  Thus far I have not been scammed.  DO NOT give money to get money.  If someone is going to give you money, they will give. They will not ask for money.  I will help out as much as I can.
I'm thinking maybe the reason he suddenly stopped talking to you on WhatsApp is because he finally searched on who you are and discovered you were a scambaiter, which made him nervous about being further exposed and talking to you further.
I had a Paypal scam email right after I used Paypal for the first time. Fortunately the HTML was transparently a fraud.  I went to a computer at work and answered all the requests with 4-letter words and got a "Thank you very much" at the end.  The email appeared to have originated in Taiwan.  If a guy like Jim Browning can get accidentally  scammed, no one should be ashamed of contacting an expert if he suspect a scam.  I also once woke up and read a bank email and started answering. Within 15 seconds, I "woke up", changed my password, and I phone the bank. Stupid of me. No damage done.
Tiny Code can mask the mouse over of links FYI do not depend on that.
Imagine how that scammer felt after successfully tricking a scam hunter, what does he do then?
I use thunderbird and a plugin for verify dkim.
the thing that gets me is imagining the freight train like feeling he must have felt that moment he realized he just got scammed. must have been fucking awful.
Hey man there is a channel in youtube called "ransomware decryptor" they scam people who were infected with virus assuring fix, but they take money through BTC Bep20 network and finally block us in whatsapp without fix I lost 2500USD I commented in his channel he deleated the comments within 5 min..i try to report his channel but nothing seems to work, please teach him a lesson..
You're a legend, Jim.
this is just a big middle finger to people that say "only people who are stupid fall for scams"
Omg 😱
the scammer really wanted customer feed back 😂😂
Some scammer in calcutta is smiling at this
happy you have it back
I'm YouTube. 😂😂😂 Good grief...
Coincidences lining up almost got me a while back. Thank you very much for sharing this. I’m really glad you were able to have your channel restored.
Dang, if even the great Jim Browning can be scammed, we are all vulnerable.
5 min in and I'm all o-face. They got you, man. Even experts get had.
If you were a less noble person, that scammer's ID/IP/MAC would be on some kind of whitehat hackers hitlist and his life would get very very complicated!
I've noticed other sites being down loaded by different people and have asked what was going on. This really stinks.
11:34 He may not have been trying to recruit you. He may have been trying to "sell" his own "services", as yet another scam attempt.
Well done to Jim for the admission and for the video of how it all happened.
SO THATS WHY I NEEDED TO RESUBSCRIBE
Love your content Jim, very happy that all ended well...
Damn, that has to be the biggest bragging right amongst scammers ! Happy to see you went through.
This is like when there's an extremely potent antibiotic that kills every microorganism except for ONE and that single one grows resistant and now it's impossible to kill
Se você foi enganado, então ninguém está livre, acho que vou evitar sair debaixo da cama depois dessa :(
Not watched it yet but wanted to say straight off the mark it's amazing you've done a video on this - we are all human we are all fallible we can all make mistakes - for anyone who think's they can't be fooled in some way shape or form just remember the greatest trick the devil ever played was convincing us he wasn't real. (Sorry had to throw that in there given we are living through revelations right now be hard to give our adversary his dues). I suffer memory fog and was struggling to recall your name when I wanted to re-watch your videos only just come across you again Jim thanks to Scammer Paybacks uncanny impression of yourself. If you weren't already so relatable to the victims you've got another notch to make them feel less ashamed about whats happened to them. Keep up all of God's work all the scambaiters and any efforts the community makes for humanity as a whole <3.
resubscribed
I am Turk,  and I can verify to you that Turkish speaking language doesn't allow for Turks to speak or write such good in English  ... I bet as you said may be Syrian or any ethnicity like Kurdish to speak and write English better than Turks... fact
Of course you should always delete before transferring anything. 😉
In moments like this I can only think of a quote by Brian Brushwood. "Cons don't fool us because we're stupid, they fool us cause we're human."
when pro meet pro🤣🤣💯I guess no one is perfect after all...
How was he able to get your email I wonder
Hopefully this will bring light to this scam and it will be fixed
It can happen to the best of us
You got some CS Rep that gave you the incorrect information when they told you that your channel couldn't be recovered.  I hate when the service you receive can depend on the CS Rep knowing what they or the company really can and can't do.  That has happened to me with multiple different companies.  I hope that if you got any CS followup survey that you mentioned how the first agent gave you incorrect information.
Kudos for posting this!
Good on you for posting this.  You hit the nail on the head when you said anyone can be tricked with the right circumstances. Glad you didn’t loose anything apart from a couple of days off the other end :)
My non existent pay pal and apple accounts get locked out on a daily basis 😂
It concerns me how uninformed the actual support was with the "you can't recover the account" line.
I’ve put my details into a nearly identical website of my bank before after I received a text directly from them. But after I did so I said aloud “wait, they don’t contact me like this ever” and I told my bank, so no damage could be done. This kinda thing can happen to anyone sadly, if you’re not paying attention.
OH! jim? Oh! Jim? You were my Yoda?
"The Drama"! Jim, got well bent over??????????????
So the teacher became the pupil, and the pupil, the teacher?
Glad you got your account restored, I this proves that anyone literally can be scammed, thanks for this video mate...
This is the problem with not being able to call a person at Google or YouTube. Anytime a problem shows up in an email, you should be able to call a number you already have to talk to someone real. Especially when you are someone making money for them.
Why didn't Jim traced the email IP or Mac address,,,if he knows how to decipher Data info
seeing the nazi like youtube and facistbook "guidelines" everybody could ba a victim... we should have soon alternatives
Jim manipulating him like hes his ex or something 💀
That is absolutely wild!
YOU GOT PWNED!!
13:30 there’s a high chance he simply edited the HTML to forge those numbers from a fake account
Do what Charlie sed and go full on John wick
It takes some size gonads to put this on the internet. Well done Jim.
Lots of companies like to say that "stuff cant be recovered after it was deleted" which is really just a bunch of BS, there isn't anything they don't save, probably for years
Finally... A video but not Indian Scammers
Maybe, just maybe this guy has an inside man or woman? Newcomer here.
Hunt and give them HELL  !
Your message that anyone can be scammed given the correct circumstances is so true it hurts. I was scammed out of $2000 due to a very smart scammer that ended up being from the United States, having perfect English, and having correct knowledge on local, state, and federal laws memorized and at the ready. Unfortunately because I personally authorized the payment my bank told me there was no way to get my money back and with some sleuthing of my own I found out who the person was but the police were zero help and basically told me I was shit out of luck. Stay safe out there people. Most scams are garbage but there are a few that when certain life events take place will seem true and if the stars align in a scammers favor it could be you drawing the short straw.
This makes me really paranoid of every email now and everything else on the internet 😂
I'm sure 4 days of inactivity costed Jim a bit of money. But at least the scammers didn't get any of his money. Then again, this new scam was exposed AND he made this video about it; which of course made him even more money.. depends on which way you look at it I guess lol.
It's impressive how Google or YouTube let someone create an account with a name of YouTube support.
👆👆👆👆No, one like the name above. He help me recover mine. Contact he now if you need help
Some one made you taste your own pill 🤣🤣   Respect you alot, you are doing a great work...
This is some Sherlock Holmes vs James Moriarity type shit
I think it's worth noting that any email can claim to come from any domain. The reply-to address is nothing but a text field set by the sender, and it is stupidly easy to forge. Viewing the email's source info can help determine its veracity, but as this video demonstrates, even that isn't foolproof.   The best thing you can do when you get a message like this, demanding "immediate action or such-and-such service will be suspended," is to go straight to the service's website. Do not trust the links in the email even if they look completely legit.
F
Jim... he changed his description. ...........   https://www.youtube.com/c/JimBrowningSongwriter/about
Jim... I came here from Rob..... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTmLjkDHolE&list=PLBpl9yEKd0Hf2oPjuUJ0ugOad2-NzoBde&index=14   they tried to scam him to delete too - he is a big channel
It goes to show that anyone can get scammed nobody is immune. Almost every single person has been scammed at one point in our lives weather it be a product ordered online to giving money to what u think is a homeless person we are all vulnerable at some point and this is what these people try to exploit
Came back to this video because one of my favorite youtubers just got replaced by a crypto scammer… these people need to suffer…
I also had the "coincidence" thing happen to me. I got a call (not from India, but from Florida) informing me that I had an outstanding bill for blood work done at a lab. Both my wife & I had had blood tests just s month or 2 before (there's the coincidence). I told them I would check on it. They called back later when I was out and talked to my wife. She told them that we hadn't received any bill notification. The scammer told her that if she didn't settle the matter over the phone that the bill would reflect on our credit score. Now, here's another coincidence: we have a credit score of 850. It's the highest issued and we're quite proud of it. So...my wife caved in and gave up $300 via her debit card. Later, we called the bank's fraud department and got them on a conference call with the scammers. They had an answer for every questions, but in the end refunded our money back to the bank. A very enlightening experience. Keep 'em coming, Jim!
Am I the only one who thinks Jim Browning knew what he was getting into and that's why he recorded the entire session?
If jim fell for this, we the people have no chance🤷‍♀️
i've been getting google and microsoft and every mainstream company scam emails daily for a year now, it's absolutely disgusting.
I am glad you shared this. SUCKS when we get suckered, BUT this will help other people realize it can HAPPEN TO ANY OF US. Those scammers get too smart.
you can see that whoever does this They are the same who contributed to the code, or know someone. The platform is made to meet what people want. then other ways to profit are created.
Hey one of my friends channel got deleted all of a sudden.Before that there was some Kind of stupid videos The hacker uploaded , I think he hacked the channel cuz he had loads of views.I don't know how to get it back.Do you know anything about it?
The biggest giveaway should’ve been the responsiveness. Jim, how long have you been on Youtube?
I don't see how a formal google email uses "chat no reply". Shouldn't have been overconfident like operation market garden.
Thank GOD you got your channel back, good to hear, take care.
Even the king of scam-baiting has fallen, scammers hae started to become increasingly smarter.
Im glad youre back
the fact that I used to watched tons of your videos and now I recently got scam really makes me think twice.
Scammer who scams other scammers gets scammed by another scammer.
"What do you mean by real support ?  I'm Youtube"  In my head, it went more like : "I AM THE SENATE !"
Timeworks just told about this scam in his video. He also mentioned u so I came here. Good thing u got your channel back :3
There is always so many comments about how people can fall for these scams, and this really shows that literally anyone can fall for a lot of these scams given the right circumstances.  Be careful out there everyone.
The scumbags got nothing  but u got  ton out of them  on how they work and what to look for
U should  call them not scammers but scumbag scammers  or so for short
appropriate title: The scam fighter got scammed ( revange of the Scam )
I had OwlShdow channel since like 2010 last day i was using my acc conected to samsung smart tv for music listening usualy that tv was blocket from my wifi router cuz i was not trusting it because some strange loads on my enternet connection but that time i did alow it and suddenly pooop tv got mesage in corner that it got new update done and got email form youtube my channel was deleted without any warning whats intresting they said like "Hi ETHERIUM 2.0" that kind nick name i had never heard so i suspect that someone stole it changed name and did some stuff to woilate youtube comunity rights well that hut cuz youtube says channel deleted permanently. 12years went to drain like that..
Jim, I've been on a massive spree of scammer videos, yours and everyone else in this community. They never cease to bring me amusement in several ways, between the dialouge exchanges, annoying scammers, and helping raise awareness to the various schemes about. I often work alone, so I listen to these videos at work and they make the day speed by with a laugh. Thank you for everything that you, and this scam-baiting community does!!
coincidence is very powerful...  I almost fell to a amazon scam before the week after quitting.
I respect how you tell everyone how you were scammed.  It makes me more vigilant knowing even you got scammed.
Isn't making a video about scammers a fishy thing)))) It could be that some youtubers can partner with scammers to create a thrilling content on how they fight with each other, while taking out the competing youtubers who make a video on real scammers. This is just a speculation. At this point everything could be real, and this video could be fake as well (non-zero probability)
You handled it like pro!  Cheers!!
Wait he gained everything back again. He has his 3mill again
The Ultimate price to PAY
I DIDN'T KNOW SCAMMER PAYBACK KNEW HIM?
🤣... I AM THE YOU TUBE!
That's crazy because I can totally see how this is believable, and being dyslexic spelling errors doesn't stand out to me
That's crazy because I can totally see how this is believable
Dude the fact Jim admits that anyone can get got is so awesome. Makes me admire the guy even more.
Glad u got ur account restored man..
Don't tell them what worked and what didn't , it will help them to fix their mistakes
Here you see the thing that would be the real red flag about this scam: Anyone who has dealt with actual YouTube or Google support knows you wouldn't get such a prompt reaction.
I'm sorry if I'm too cynical, but my first sign of scam e-mail is if they greet me by my real name or anything else. In your case they didn't seem to know your name. Because you didn't look for this, is this a bad approach by me?
Wow if it can happen to Jim it can happen to anyone
If I got any email that looks real but fake, I would write a letter to Google head office (for me it’s in the UK) to clarify everything. I never do things on the internet. Always, write a letter to them or type one up, sending it professionally and having help from my local authorities to deal with such.
So You got greedy... Well even God got fooled by Lucifer...
There are SO many channels with millions of subs that suddenly started uploading clips from cartoons and get a lot of views doing it. I believe him when he says he has those accounts.
> Has 2.5 Million Dollars > Asks for 100 Dollars for the channel Yupp.
No one is safe if jim browning gets scammed
I'm here 4 u Jim if u need help
😵 I’m in shock that the guy who stops scams got scammed.glade you never lost your account/Chanel 👍🏻
Pretty embarrassing Jim lmao. Glad you got it sorted though mate haha.
Woah I am no fan of scammers but he was really good at this.
You fucked up because you forgot every lesson in fighting. Never get emotional. He won the second the scared you. I'm glad you got your channel back
hindsight is 20/20 but the way you presented it this looked hella fishy from the get go. Glad you got your stuff back!
It's scary to think even Jim Browning can be a victim
I had an idea... would it be possible to turn a scammer against another? Or recruit a former scammer as a team mate?
Ohh this is why i lost your channel, I was pretty sure i subscribe your channel until i today realized i don´t :(
Wow that was crazy
So at this point, the score is:  Scammer: 1 Jim: *m* *a* *n* *y*
Imagine being asked to call a number and all you hear is an Indian voice saying "Thank you for calling streaming video website support my name is Donald" and all that.
He is YouTube
I refuse to believe that Jim Browning, THE JIM BROWNING can be scammed!!!!
happy that he got subs again, and well I am a brand new subscriber
Imagine a president gets scammed!
It's so amazing to see people help people without knowing them. Thanks for the recovery of my investment funds...
It's so amazing to see people help people without knowing them. Thanks for the recovery of my investment funds...
I wonder if other scammers consider this scammer a god among men
is that still current that scammers can use the genuine google domain?
Jim, Channels that go OVER 60% Truth, are deleted on Jtube. They want only "feel good" or Political Agenda crap posted here.
All my respect love and blessings to you. From - A GUILTY INDIAN.
these scumbags must have been so proud they almost took down a youtube channel with that profile pic
I can't believe that you, of all people, fell for this.
So this was a flaw in Google Chat? I had trouble understanding that part. Hopefully they've fixed it since then.
Brilliant Welcome back
There are many Indian Moderators in Youtube.
Those google domains are scary as hell.
good thing im still subscribed here.
I cant be scammed trust me
Ugh I'm so disgusted by the fact that Google straight up lied to you initially by saying they couldn't restore your deleted account. If they can restore a compromised account, they can restore any account since the compromised account was just accessed by someone who shouldn't have had access. And, as was just shown by this video, scammers don't have to be directly involved for these things to happen; scammers can manipulate people into destroying their own lives without realizing it! It makes me furious the kinds of things tech giants do when you have legitimate problems (I have an Oculus account under my email that I want deleted and I've been on a support ticket for almost half a year simply because I don't have the authenticator or recovery codes for 2FA to login and delete it myself)!
I just don't click anything, period. That's just my standard email rule. I go log into a site manually if it's something of import and *may* not be a scam.
So answer me this. I have over 470k views with 359 videos! However, my watch time hours are decreasing DAILY! No matter if I upload videos still, it still decreases, EVEN THOUGH I STILL GET VIEWS DAILY ! To me it is like a scam! Cause I only recently just started getting this issue around the 900 subscriber mark. I am now over 1k subscribers but cannot be monetized down to the 4000 watch hours requirement. Please explain what this issue could be, if you know ? Tia P.s glad you got sorted, get straight back at it brother
I got scammed when I looked at the tax taken out of my payslip.
I'm YouTube
I think a lot of that 2.5 million dollars goes to his scam boss and he doesn't get very much in return... because I believe that he was working with a group of other scammers in turkey
Wow! If Jim can be scammed, I will loose everything, because I am computer lit.  Keep it up Jim.  You are doing a great service.  Thank you
This summer....I automaticlly subscribed chinese news channel with about a 32 millions subscraibers. BUT I didn't. I don't know how. Just came and saw that I'm watching a BIG chinese propaganda news...
not just he asked for 100 even when he claims to have 2.5 milion but with that money he still lives in syria ? :D
YouTube support doesn’t exist that’s your first mistake
WOW!!
For the likes of me I don't understand why you need patreon support when it's clear the channel generates what seems more than decent amount of revenue income from youtube. It doesn't make sense.
Thank you for sowing humility. It takes a big person to bury his pride and be transparent to the real situation. I love your channel and love what you do for every person. Keep up (Your) good work.
With every action, there is a reaction. Jim Browning, you have competition.
Bruh
Wow what a nightmare  , I do believe in karma  so let's hope karma finds him.
Big man for admitting that.  So easy to fall for a scam.  Respect for you.  Subscribed
Thank you for what you do and for sharing what happened so those who watch can learn and be that much wiser. I wish I knew how to do what you do.
I lost control of my Steam account once. I was suspicious of what I was doing but ignored my better judgement and boom. Passwords etc changed in an instant. It was a hairy couple of hours but Steam Support returned control to me. Were it not for the way trading and marketplace works I suspect all my cards etc would've been gone in an instant.
Scammers don't have souls.
I'm YouTube.
YOU MAKE TROUBLES FOR SCAMMERS AND YOU DID NOT THINK THAT THEY WOULD COME AFTER YOU ? Amareur...
scam should be jailed???  or theyr country removed from international networck until they fix the problem?
Ok so they are getting scary
THE PROBLEM WITH HAVING A GOOGLE ACCOUNT IS , GOOGLE SPIES ON YOUR EVERY MOVE AND FILES IN YOUR PC AND YOUR LIFE. THEY EVEN KEEP COPIES OF YOUR GOVERNMENT BENEFITS PASSWORDS. THEY KNOW EVERYTHING. THEY CAN EVEN TURN ON YOUR PC CAMERAS WITHOUT YOU KNOWING IT.
Just resubscribed !! Thanks for everything
News flash….. Jim Browning turns 60 and like your parents cant tell legitimate email from scam mail!!! JK Jim, glad your back. I never respond to any emails ever. If I received any email about any account I goto that accounts main website and contact them directly through their website or known valid numbers.
We’re totally ignoring how cool this scammer was he’s on some likeable villain shit
I’m not sure if I was more shocked at Jim being hacked or the $16,000 for 12mil views! Either way, Big respect to this channel, it’s what the wonderful world of YouTube is all about. Brilliance. Happy New Year.
"Im Youtube"
How the heck to they get so many dishonest people together to scam people?  I ask that and then I realise the same thing happened in the last American elections....
Can I share this video on my channel?
I think it's also pretty important to mention at 11:03 he tries to convince you (and anyone else he's scammed) from telling the real support by saying "if you tell them someone hacked [your account] or someone impersonating youtube, they will verify for a long time"   Which it seems like did end up happening to you but that's not a reason not to tell them. Especially if it was someone else who had gotten past the point of filling out the form.  I'm glad you're back and that you were able to recover everything.
Missed you
OMG, JB has been scammed !  Didnt see it coming !
I have seen that screen capture in a video before! Funny enough, it was a video about youtube scams! The name of the video is "My channel was deleted... HOW?" Hope that helps, lol.
Google CEO is from India, so no surprise there
I can't get over the fact that you trusted a support email to the point you clicked "delete channel" and "move channel". You clearly got suspicious over it, and then screenshot it, but instead of asking a friend, colleague or family member you send it to the person you are suspicious of... I understand you were distracted, shit happens, but damn it's your channel with 3+ million subs, maybe take the time to pay attention, It's better to make YT support wait a bit than lose your channel because you didn't pay attention.  Even if the email had been legit, it could've still been a malicious worker at YT, a hacker taking over the emails. Still good thing writing your password to them was the thing that woke you up.
There is always someone smarter than you, lesson learned ?
As a Turkish person I'm very upset about that person. :( He's probably a migrant. Turkey has been dealing with syrian scammers for several years. It became a big problem.
What happened to the volume
Double Adsense account = Double Money?
Scammers are hateful i'd like to kill them all...
This is fascinating.
Jim, just goes to show, anybody can get caught up in a scammer's bullshit. You and I wouldn't fall for the tech support scams because we're computer nerds, but as you showed here, we can fall for other types of scams. I fell for a non-tech support scam once and gave the person two grand and felt like a damn idiot when I found out later that it was fraudulent but mostly I was just pissed off at the perpetrators. Unfortunately there was no direct connection to my PC -- it was done through Twitter and Google Hangouts -- so, while I know about netstat and wireshark etc. it couldn't help me in this particular use case. But man. What bullshit that was. Twitter has yet to delete their account too. Oh well, all I can do is warn others and report to twitter whenever I see those fake pics being used in a profile.
Jim Browning, to me the lesson learned is not that absolutely anyone can be scammed, that's a given to me, but rather just how does the scammer go about scamming. In most all of your videos you let yourself be scammed by someone but the thing is that you study their methods to discover exactly how they are scamming you. So true to form you let yourself be scammed which is the way you work, but you also learned how they do it. So I think its a win and I encourage you in your fight against scammers as they become more knowledgeable and technical at conducting this crime.
Good thing they didn't see your profile picture
it looks like your link got fixed, congrats
Happy New Year Jim,    Thank you for telling us about who and how they did it.  So grateful for your sharing of knowledge.   It's excellent you use your knowledge for good.   Enjoy.
Looks like someone wants you gone.
What chances do the rest of us have when the king of scam busting gets scammed?????????? WOW!!!!!!!!!
Sorry this happened to you. God Bless and Happy New Year Mr. Jim.
Thought you guys might want to know how much data someone can get from ur IP address like this scammers name is Bahadir Tuncer and I even have his address but I guess he can at least keep that secret
They could delete my channel, i never uploaded anything  so they wouldn't ruin much.
The English must be perfect
Why you should never click email links. Always go external.
That looks like a ksi account
Of course...the worse scammer around, the Youtube company themselves!
2SA does work well, however sometimes if the scammer is aware of this they will prompt you to respond by saying something to the effect of: "Now for the security of your account, we will send send a code as part of your 2-step-authentication process. Please provide this code to me so I can verify who I am speaking with". A scammer almost got me with that one.
Maybe your channel got deleted because it was wank.
What a fantastic video.  Your advice that anyone can be scammed is truly scary..
DUDE!  First of all you are awesome for sharing something like this to help others (even though most would want to hide what actually happened).  This was fascinating and a great learning experience (from a software developer with 25+ years experience).  A SINCERE THANK YOU! 🙏.
Resubsribed.. ^^,
But just remember kids, the dislike button is much more important than this kind of thing. YouTube may have helped you, but they still suffer from cranial rectitis.
How did the scammers get Jim???? Is Santa not real either???
excuse after excuse .. all this video does is show how crappy you are at being a "scam catcher".
I think every student taking their first computer course in school needs to see THIS video to show how crafty some of these scammers are getting.
Jeez... That's just horrifying...
this really sucks and sorry you had to go through this Jim.
Where do you expect Google Chat emails to come from other than Google? You're not owning this if you're trying to blame Google for your own confusion.
Wow you got tricked by a scammer because they sent you a YouTube reference lol
Good thing is that Google keeps several copies of every Channel.
"Perfect English" includes putting periods at the ends of sentences. Google would never miss this.
What do you mean real support? I AM YOUTUBE  "Was i initially convinced that i was from YouTube, and how did i become convinced?" - Now that's a question to chew on.
Take it this geezer's on your shit list now ??... happy hunting fella... keep up the good work...
I read all the YouTube support replies with an Indian accent ........
It's lovely that you post this!  Thank you.
Scammer scams jim: oh how the turn tables
I think it’s kinda funny that someone got you.  Like… not laugh out loud funny but like, there is some real humor in there.
I had my FB deleted, by FB, for just sharing a post about how stupid Trump is (during the election) and 80% of the world knows that's true! But Zuckerberg took it even further by deleting my WhatsApp as well. Took a while for them to say why and that was a lie. Said there was a complaint against me, but no other information. I only had 3 contacts and 2 are long time friends. 3rd was brand new and immediately begged for money so they can see that's a revenge plot...show me or read it yourself. Nope, no other contact from them.
Fantastic, I'm glad everything worked out for you 👍👍👍
awe sorry about that but glad your back....
I have a Google Domain email, I work to create Google Ads with Vendor company for Google! So I belive someone who does the same might have tried scamming when they obtained the Google domain for themselves outside of work hours
#pickasideyoutube
If you ever know, everyone can fake the sender address. Typically they add reply address bit different to fool users, because user look only the sender address, not where the mail goes.
Re. the screenshot he posted of the youtube account: W\why would he bother to cut and paste from someone's channel, when he could just edit the html of his own? :)
When a peasant almost kills a god!
invest in alt platforms.
I know being scammed isn't fun, but thank you for pointing out that anyone can be scammed. Many of us who've been scammed, unfortunately, are so embarrassed when this happens and tend to think it's because we're stupid. That was my reaction, anyway. I wasn't scammed into deleting a channel, didn't lose money either, for me it was romance scammed that almost resulted in me losing money. If it wasn't for the fact that I don't have much money to begin with (I'm low-income, receive monthly check for disability) it would have resulted in my losing money. And because it's so embarrassing I don't know if I would have reported the scammer, even though that is the first thing I tell others to do, report them.  I'm glad you have your channel back.
Maybe the world is in the point in internet's history that we need a firewall. So that people from certain countries who wants to keep have access to the internet, needs to get verified accounts. If not, you won't be able to play. Maybe split the internet in 2 parts. Certified and secure internet and underground. If you want to use the internet like a normal human being, get certified. if you like acting like an animal go underground. And it has to be so that the underground can not get access to the certified internet...
Wouldn't Google or YouTube WANT to go after anyone pretending to be them?  Or are they only interested in making money and censoring anyone who doesn't support their narrative?
Your life is a TV Show🔥
Never trust Google, YouTube, Facebook or whatever, because their main interest mis money and scammer pay them money to spam their BS...
Little Jim! you have to stay on your toes dude PS Don't stop my friend get them.
So did Google put out a message to creators about this?
You know this scammer is getting all the respect and clout by other scammers for scamming the guy who is known for rooting out scammers.
Cmon man you have 6 mil subs and get scammed? Bro no way
No one ever tries to scam me :(
Youtube[implied] and livelihood, in the same sentence, seems like  a bit of a lie.
The screenshot at 13.23 was possibly from Social Blade
It will be fun when you find him.
That is crazy dude. The scammer hunter becomes the scammed. How will the rest of us survive?
Man the Legend got scammed:(
This happened to the spiffing brit too
You play with fire you get burned Jim. I’m glad your account is back but it was bound to happen with all the shit you do to scammers.
I never follow any links through email.  I assume if they really need to reach me there will be some sort of alert in my actual account.  So if I get an email, I'll close it and just directly go to whatever website they are referencing and check there.
I'm so happy you  were about to restore all your old content
scammer: oh shit we accidentally send one to jim browning, we're doomed jim: falls for it scammer: *surprised pikachu face*
YouTube supporting fraud
It's not just scam experts. The Amazing Randi once offered a group of scientists who were investigating psi research how to not be deceived. They turned him down and said they didn't need such help. So he sent in two of his students posing as test subjects and had them thinking they'd actually discovered people with psychic powers with just tricks they did off the cuff.
Had my original youtube account taken over and after speaking to youtube was told it was me posting these strange games cheat videos (in spanish) so now all my original content and videos are gone and im having to start again.
THAT SAME THING HAPPENED TO ME
You mentioned "two step authentication" which leads me to an incident which I was a witness to. Two young boys had their iPhones stolen. To block their music account they could log in from another phone but the "two step authority" was sent to their stolen phones. This meant they had no way of blocking the accounts and thereby lost not only their phones but the €200 which they uploaded (€100 each) a few days previous.
See now I simply just don't look at my emails🤣
It takes an amazing amount of courage to admit this blunder and you did it.  Especially for someone that literally takes down the people that scammed you.  Don't let this bring you down, you are still the king.
Wow! That’s crazy. Glad you’re back in action. I get a great sense of satisfaction knowing there’s someone out there, looking out for us small people. Thank you! 🙏
scammer was able to scam the scammer scammer!
Jokes on them, i always read my mails at least a month late!
You w dear, if they can scam you then that really opens up how many other really do get scammed
Sometimes the coincidences all line up in the right place at the right time to be convincing enough to fool you.
I'm stunned.  It shows that Jim Browning is human, and anyone can fall prey to scams.  Gotta give kudos to the scammer too, though it was mostly due to luck.
For a guy that fights fraud, amazing how he fell for this.
Scam me once shame on me Try to scam me twice? DEATH ON YOU(tube).   Will be fun to see the reactions of the scammers realizing to their horror that there is more than one Jim Browning on the internet, And they know of each other.
The scammer scammer was scammed by the scammer scammer scammer, aka the ultimate scammer. He is scammer squared
We always do it to ourselves. I've been luck so far, but they are getting more and more sophisticated.
The Hacker got Hacked. No vengeance on the scammer. Kinda a bummer.
The crazy thing is the scammer was actually successful and is now impersonating Jim and carrying on his anti-scammer work.  :)
The screen grab @13:10 may have been from a Pokemon go you tuber. I know one of them got scammed but forgot witch one
If anyone out there ever gets an email asking you to do something because of an issue.  Stop.  Do not click the links. Open up the actual site it is supposedly from and contact their support.  Do NOT use the links in the email to get to the site or support.   Actually type in the real domain or use a search engine to find it.
Careful folks, scammers are relentless!!!
Dude I think I might know what some of these channel scammers are doing with the channels…
Pretty sure YouTube is pro scanner judging by their adverts
My English is actually ok for a second language, maybe I should just start doing scams.
I made an account commented on a video and it randomly got deleted
Thanks for all you do to enlighten others Jim.  Best always, and keep on going.
Jim, I know this is late for your question, but that screenshot from their earnings almost looks like a screenshot from Meet Kevin! I don't remember exactly from the video as i saw it awhile back, but it really dose remind me of that video!
Madara Vs First Hokage
Have we considered the possibility that this could have all been an elaborate ruse by the other Jim Browning channel, who has now claimed the ultimate price: the redirect from /jimbrowning ?
Jim Browning scammed?? Sounds to me like the headline to a scam. (Don't press on any links)
So why were you filming it as you went along? Are you sure you didn’t do this just to create a video? Looks like u r scamming ur viewers
Give that Turkish guy a medal 😂😂
خیاط تو کوزه افتاد 😂😅
You met someone as slick as Yourself :D
If i was you i would not hesitate to open a lawsuit and put these piece of shits in the jail
I wanted to harass the scammer.. "We're sorry. You can't access this item because it is in violation of our Terms of Service." I was too late. I love submitting fake info to those.
Haha you had the last laugh exposing this prick!
One day imma buy you a coffee, bring on 2022 :)
It's a little bit funny that some random guy with your name pops up instead of you.
"I AM YOUTUBE!" That bit got me lol
Who says "more than 12" when trying to approximate?
Every youtuber needs to watch this 👀👀👀👀👀👀👀
This is scaring... if even you can be scammed, poor of us!
Glad you got it back. You’ve now levelled up more on the awareness as well. Into these fukers
I literally cracked up when the scammer admitted that he is a scammer then later asked a survey 😂 then recruited you. But honestly, I am glad that you have discovered this kind of scam and dig deeper to it to get more info and share it to others 😭.
That is some Scary shit
lmao even antiscam pros aint safe in these wild streets
This is horrible and there must be a special hell for scammers! Scammer so talented and wasting away his soul to darkness! Scammer is greedy, sad sad life!
"Take the shade of the night".
I'm subbing right now, this man's a mfkn legend 🔥🔥
Jim, thank you for your honesty about what happened to you. This is really good information for anybody with the YouTube channel. Keep up the Great work!
nO lol
Broken english moment
when it can happend to the best, how can we be save?
These stories are fake. This ding-dong is getting scammed in one video, and teaching how to avoid scammers in another. Anyone ever ask, HOW THE DUCK DOES ONE PERSON HAVE SO MANY INTERACTIONS WITH SCAMMERS? Enough to post one video after another, and fill a YouTube channel? I get robo-calls at least three times per week, but only ONE scam call in my whole life. All of these Scam Fighter videos on YouTube are fake!
You weren’t worried about your comments being possibly deleted?! You’re clearly not a data hoarder, then… if it was me, I’d have immediately backed off upon seeing the dreadful word “delete”, no matter what.
Gonna be honest seeing YouTube support respond so fast should have Been a red flag
Wow !   Glad to know you got your account back.  Best wishes
How ironic the scammer catcher, got scammed
Her masada varız amk .
YouTube should make it much clearer
I love the whiffs of racism every time he encounters someone who doesn't speak english perfectly. It's not blatant but man the red flags
Hi Jim, for Me its look like You doing a great job 👍 just because scammers was really angry as angry as they find a professional scammer/hacker (from Turkey probably because of cyber police is not as fast and grown like in others countries in EU) or someone deeper in process and check how they can slow You down or delete all You already done - I can’t believe how much they are can do to distract. I think You should talk with Google about add new form of contact with somehow Authenticator on the Google site that You can check them or smt. F.e. additionally confirmation with migration from channel’s with a lot subs to completely new one. edit Idk did Jim will read it or this is an obvious thing but I’m pretty sure that the scammers copy/paste originals version of yt email and also do reverse engineering ( like they do this with they private account to see what actually yt support can say in this circumstances ) to be the most professional support- actually they try to scam Jim…  Seriously I’m glad that Your channel can by restored by yt because You are doing such a great work- thank You 🙏
I think The Spiffing Brit also fell for the same thing on his channel earlier.
Lol, I am sorry but it's funny 😂
Jim Browning, Kitboga, #1 RUSSIAN HACKER.. these names strike fear into the hearts of scammers. Leaves them trembling in a corner crying while sucking their thumb.
Sorry to see this happened to you. Myself since the early days of internet, I have always been sceptical of any email I receive.  If I am presented with anything remotely genuine looking, I’ll go to the support page of the actual company (in a fresh window), or call their actual support number (from their actual web site that I typed myself) and verify.  It takes a bit longer but it is safer than clicking links in the emails. Never ever click those.
I recently got an email from Google that I thought was suspicious BUT I didn't click on any links in the email. i went to my account and tried to verify the details there. It turned out the email was genuine but I DON''T TRUST ANYTHING that comes via email. NEVER NEVER NEVER click on email links even if you think they are genuine, go to your account and check there for verification. The only links on email I will click are those that are asking me to verify an email address when I am opening an account somewhere. Even with those, if they don't come through almost immediately, I don't click on anything if they turn up later.
Believe me, I know coincidences. We had to take our Suburban in to a certified dealership because our regular mechanic couldn't figure out what was wrong with our car. After a few days, they confirmed that both airbag sensors on the Suburban had to be replaced and it would cost us $1200. After that call, a day or two later, I got a call offering to give me extended warranty service on our Suburban. I figured that our repair triggered something in a system somewhere. So, not thinking anything else about it, I figured to go ahead and get registered so that we'd be covered for the next major repair. A few months later, we got a letter in regards to our warranty service being upgraded. This is where the scam fell apart. I saw the previous warranty service and the charge on our credit card had a different name from the one on the upgrade letter. They just told us to cancel the old one. Well, I call up the other company and, after talking to a rather rude person, they told me that the other service was a scam. Eventually, I put two and two together and determined that both companies were a scam. Fortunately, I explained the situation to our credit card company and they refunded us the fraud charges.
Touche
13:10 No ones knows where the screenshot could be taken from?
Yes. After years cryptocurrency mining myself I felt victim to a scam of my own doing. It seems to be the same story you're telling but with a crypto wallet. I lost around $800 bucks which it may not be much but it's the fact that it happened that made me realize nobody's infalible to being scammed even if you're a pro at something
As a member of the syrian community we don’t  accept this kind of act and he is not one of us
😂😂😂😂you are the best
This is some true irony
even the url is now recovered.
I love how this guy wanted to brag to you
Telugu lo oka saametha undhi- thaadi ni thanne vaadu unte vaadi thala ni thanne vaadu untadu
Lol how could you fall for this?
This is an excellent point Jim makes. I work in Cybersecurity and there is a constant battle about how much we should train end users or depend on them to stop potential attacks. Awareness is great and can help prevent a larger overall number of issues, but we still need to make sure there are good procedure and products in place. CEOs get tricked, Exec Admins get tricked, even CISOs get tricked. Especially now in this crazy hybrid world we live in where everyone is stressed and working as hard as they can. Have some additional empathy and build a culture where it is ok to pause for a moment and double check if something seems legitimate. Also, I bet in this case if Youtube had a responsive account management style for content creators I am sure Jim could have contacted a named rep at Youtube when this message first initially came up.
This proves, anyone can get scammed. Stuff just happens.
Sounds like the guy that got 2000 bucks out of my friend he was also from turkey and stole her Instagram account
I hear your voice shaking when you reach the critical stage of channel deletion. Thank you for your bravery in telling us every single step of the way.
Scary that even you got tricked
Well, you know the old saying - You can't scam a scammer, but scamming a scambaiter is child's play!...  Apparently it's an age old Ottoman proverb. Who knew!
There are 9M Syrian refugees in Turkey. I think he was being honest. As a Turk I felt really ashamed  and angry first.
13:36 a person who makes  16k wouldn't beg for 100 bucks IMO. You can also easily photoshop that picture
I might just make you my tech support if I get big enough. Your my new hero.
I stopped watching for a bit since I've been so busy with school and family. I didn't expect this
Why does YouTube censors anti China episodes
More like the opposition (scammer union group) gather information and all their hacker buddies to create this whole thing, to cripple Jim for a time being.. But the looks, more from another "country" which "scammer country" is not fond/good terms..
I'm sorry you almost lost your account
The email header was the thing that blew my mind. I would’ve been fooled too.
It was me! I scammed Jim Browning All hail the great one! IM YOUTUBE
Crazy. Thanks for being candid and sharing this. Now get out there and bust some butt. 💪
did not expect u to get scamed i  nearly got scamed few weeks ago i got a text from amazon that i needed to rearrange my delivery at a cost i was going to pay as i had orded some stuff thank god my wife was sober no note in the letterbox and we have cctv but i did wonder how thay knew i had been shopping. sorry about my grammer
how do you do this reverse connection stuff?? wtf
Only a true master recognizes his own mistakes, and lets himself and others learn from it, you are just beyond awesome.
It's funny you failed victim to such a scam. I am very good at spotting scams but once I wasn't thinking clearly and clicked on an IT TEST phishing link on my work email regarding running out of space for Outlook Mail... I suspected it can be Bullshit claim but it was still a possibility considering some real case IT issues at the company like running out of PRIVATE IP assignments!!!
The scambaiter got scammed lmfao
First thanks for being courageous enough to share this experience .. I hope it keeps your inner fire burning :) Glad you recognised it when you did and it got sorted! I view this from a fin crime side and I only wish more people invested time into education to avoid this, shared their experiences, realise anyone can get scammed if they are victims of circumstance and knew what to do when it happened.
Surprised to see  you  had been had as it were Jim and glad that you are back onboard👍
If the scam hunter got scammed, what chance does the average person have?
Not gonna lie, that scammer is god level but of course he messed with the wrong guy
wow i love your honesty that's amazing people if you don't make mistakes you don't learn.
One thing they teach you in lifeguard training is that even a lifeguard can become a drowning victim. Don't beat yourself up over it.
Learning ... Ignore any warning that is comming ... No need to take any action ... If it was genuine then you will surely havea second chance ....
How did you get the URL back?
I'd say it's mostly YT's poor wording that caused this.  It's not super clear about what channel.
Youtube defo is controlled by scammers in Kolkata 💀💀💀💀
You can't ever be TOO paranoid. As for best practices with emails... I'll leave that to someone else, too lazy.
That just shows you're human...     ...but *still* an arch-god among us...
Also a millionaire wouldn't use a Samsung Galaxy poverty spec phone, Also revenue would likely be funneled to fund terrorism.
I was wondering where you went!
God bless you.
Scammer: What do you mean real support? I AM YOUTUBE🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂
You and others like you Jim are having a positive impact on diminishing scam effectiveness and educating consumer users.
Was da fulk the good work your doing and YouTube take your channel down. All of Jim’s people let’s protest
This happened to Linus Tech Tips back in July 2011. He got emailed a phishing link that installed a keylogger and they hijacked his LTT channel and NCIX. They held in ransom and delete his videos. He eventually got all his stuff back.   Most people don’t know that about it happening to Linus. Not sure if he ever talked about it in any of his videos.
Sux that this happened and put a spanner in the works for a short time.  However, your speciality is identifying and dismantling scams,  this was an opportunity to identify/dismantle/reveal a scam we weren't aware of.  You won at the end of the day👍Great stuff😁. Much respect 😎
We can make a movie out of Jim Browning's activities, Jim Browning taking a hit from the villians of scamming world this time lol
Talk about craigslist scams too(/potential armed robberies)
If Jim can get scammed then anyone of us can
Omg i cant even imagine how this have must felt! I get sweat by watching clicking delete CHANNEL with 3,3 mil subs
That is not perfect English at all -  Even I would have seen through that just on the English alone. Poor show Jim
Scammer: "I swear I'm YouTube" Also Scammer: "Could I get some tips on my scam?"
A scambaiter got scammed, wow !
These are government sponsored sites.   There’s too much $ in equipment and manpower for it to be tossed together by “scammers”.
I would hate to miss any of your videos!!! Happy to see your account restored !!! 🎉💋😘
The google sign all along was also a little suspicious. If it's YouTube support and not Google support, why have the Google logo and not the YouTube logo?
Come through my phone you will find ne content
There is a channel names Scambaiter and it is using all of your videos to profit itself right here on YouTube and claiming the copyright, that’s why your channel does not exist because YouTube think you stolen content from them.  If you don’t ask your fans to report that one, your future videos are just belong to them.
To create a screenshot of stats, he could just open the Developer Tools in the browser and edit the html in place with whatever stats he wanted…
I think it is safe to assume not all scammers come from over seas, and not all scammers have a poor handle on the English language either. This was an eye opener, thank you posting it, we all learned thanx to you. Blessings to you sir.
Good on ya.
Similar thing happened to me, I joined Uni applied to the CSGO team, then coincedentally got contacted by a csgo team. I didn't check that they were from the UNI just assumed they were. I ended up losing £150 of skins I collected while playing over the years
how ironic
Plot twist. The scammer was actually the other Jim Browning who wanted his channel on /JimBrowning :D
What even you can be scammed? Lol  What a great scammer there.
what if, it’s another YouTuber who goes against him? 😂
Even though your subscription count was restored, seems like something broke in the algorithm. Views are way down. The other anti-scam channels that were playing second fiddle now dominate the search results. You got jacked up by this. Thats awful. It does serve to underline that some scam losses go way beyond a single transaction. Thank you for educating people like me on this stuff. Terrific and honest assessment of the situation and the pitfalls.
If it's any consolation, scammers aren't getting away with a thing; nor will those who die w/o knowing Jesus *by grace thru faith alone* [Gal 2 v16; Eph 2 v8-9]. *"For God will bring every act to judgment, everything which is hidden, whether it is good or evil"*  [Eccles 12 v14].  *The Gospel of Jesus Christ:*  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3shq4L0EwU&t=1s
I nearly fell for a Craigslist scam a couple years ago. So glad I was able to figure it out. Felt like an idiot as soon as I did. It really can happen to anyone
Looks like one of linus tech tips channels think the main where they talked about how much they earn
They are plotting how to stop the free mind and free will
13:56 Wow, that part got me! Amazing for this guy to have the brass to just ask for charity after a failed scam attempt. These people must be walking black holes of morality, I doubt he even knows that what he did was wrong.
Don’t say it… Don’t say it…  DON’T say it…      Scammer gets scammed. 😬 I’m sorry I had to. Glad to see your back tho
Kind of cool stunt actually. They are probaly proud as h*ll. Anyway you are doung a greate job!
This is y u shouldnt be a scambaiter unless ur actually a hacker...
While the situation itself isn't funny I'm just imaging the bragging rights someone has that they managed to scam the great Jim browning
Google and you tube are actually scammers. They trace your browsing and try and sell you shit. They are all dirty Jim. Head up. Keep going
It takes guts to admit you have been scammed when you’re one of the world’s top scam busters. Jim, you’re a hero.
rly if he asked you for 100 bucks but makes 16k.... YEAHHH okay ~KILLUMINATI~
Lovely! 🙄
Seems Jim is ultra pro with "Financial" based scams, or scams to do with "stealing" ... but not so much when it comes to scams that are purely malicious and "just want to watch the world burn"
Jim is an ultra hot boy! Cooler and more deadly than James Bond!
How did you fall for this lmao
OMG! If you, of all people, get scammed by scammers, then there's really no hope for us ordinary folk!
Wow.... He fell for this????????? LMAO
haha did the indians finally unleash the ultimate indian scammer!? nahhh! Just the evil Jim Browning!
BTW that original email from "google" WAS actual from google. It's a notification that they had sent you a google chat/hangouts message while you were offline. I.e. if I go send you a google chat message while you are offline it sends you the content of the chat via email.
I like the scammers who'd actually accept that they're scammers when you tell it to them.
I could swear that this was 1 yr ago when i watched it Now it got recommended to me and it says 3 months ago
thanks for the video and reporting this, hopefully it helps other youtubers to be more careful incl. me.
This is  the only time Autism can cause you literal money  "Hmmm, this isn't the official Google pfp" "Htvjnjtchivhitf" "What is that" "Aha! In case you haven't noticed, you fell right into my trap"
A summary of the video     _You may have outsmarted me (twice), but I outsmarted your outsmarting_
Jim after deleting his 3.3 mil account, “I’ve been douped. Me, Jim Browning.”
I'll be honest, You should have been able to tell. Youtube and google have a help centre where if something was needed to be done they would have it all written out for you to read on how to make this or that channel they wouldn't hand guide you even look at the response you got from them, it's practically a copy pasted text blurb with instructions just like the help centre and you should have known better. Stop, sit down and pay attention, three basic rules to protect yourself from email scams which you should know, especially when it came to your youtube channel when you've put so many years into it
The Scammers were hot to get revenge.  Yo, Scammer.  Jim will be coming back with a quiet vengeance.
Jim, don't think too much, ignore all commands from other people you will miss 99% of the scam. You don't need to figure this out as if this is rocket science.
I like to mess with scammers, and so whenever i got a phone call from a random number, i picked it up. When i picked up a woman who was trying to hide her accent, was saying stuff about my car insurance blah blah blah. But the thing is, i dont have my drivers license, or a car. Im 14 years old, when i told them that, they immediately hung up -.-
Can anyone give me the link to the grandfather (I assume) Jim Browning?
the video- enemys to friends to nothing
Notice how when youtube sent the same thing the scammer hand sent,  it used perfect punctuation?
Good to see even someone like you can fall for a scam. It’s a good lesson for everyone to understand it does happen to everyone. But honestly I’m surprised how long it took you to figure it out with your channel and the talent you have. Glad your back though love your videos.
I honestly would not have thought that someone could trick you so easily.
Scam baiter gets scammed lmao
This video had 1.2K downvotes. If you dislike this video, upvote this comment.  (I don't dislike the video, but I dislike youtube team getting rid of dislike counts. I am also not a bot, just an angry customer spreading awareness.)
That IP is in london?
*I'm YouTube*
same bruh
Re subscribed...  done 👍🏻
Got a scam email a couple days ago claiming to be metamask and actually using their real email address, no misspelled words or anything! Nearly got me till the link I clicked on asked for the wallets secret phrase which gave me pause, and the next day the link was down. Very convincing!
That's why I fell for the microsoft scam, as I just bought a laptop the day before.
Much credit for revealing the fullness of what happened to you. It is truly the worst, but possibly most effective object lesson and it can't have been easy to share.
Wow, scary stuff. I'm so impressed with the way you detailed this that I just had to subscribe to your channel. Valuable information.
I was wondering why I haven't seen anything from you in a while I noticed a comment on scammer paybacks channel and then had to resubscribe
siigh...wow, so after 3-5 years of channels getting hacked left and right, Youtube still hasn't addressed this issue as now Digital Foundry got hacked...great. Good video, btw. Keep it up.
Does anyone else get occasional reply notifications to this video with scantily cladded profile pictures and names like 'click here for xx'?
Great work JB. Tha Master Strikes Again Causing Dust And Deletion.🤣😂🤘
Ended up being good content niceeeee
I love this video. Glad you were able to recover.
Goes to show you that “stupidity” on the victim’s part has nothing to do with it.
nice, although no need to worry about the other Jim Browning. if your subscriber knows who their looking for they know which Jim.. :)
Bro I want to see ur face 😭
Your channel is excellent already but honestly, this is one of your best videos.
So the scammers had the last laugh with this fat old dude nice. This is what real life is like, if you go around being a vigilante, the criminals will fuck you up one day. Stop whiteknighting.
Well, got something happened to me like that a few years ago. 4K subs and 2K videos down the drain. YouTube NEVER replied to my cries of help. At least now I'm back up and running, albeit weaker than i used to
I thought this was just a malicious move, but when I saw the Google form, I realized it was to steal your money.
10:16 The scammer secretly modified the g, o, l, e, or any other characters in the domain to trick youtubers into realizing that the email is 100% legit but it is fake, and my password and my ip address (and no matter if i use a vpn or not, or the (device) location permission, my GPS coordinates), personal and financial information, and credit/debit card number or PIN or or bank account login information (email and password) stolen
Jim contact me soon cool
Oh no 😂 So what is your channel url now?
😂 The end bit is funny. I can't believe we can still get scammed after everything we have learnt!
Did they do this on purpose because they got annoyed of u showing us scammers? And wanted to get rid of your channel? Or what would they gain from people deleting channels?
wow!  this is a very important share on your part, Jim.  thank you for the bottom line message in this one.  it is rather humbling to think that even you could be scammed.  but i totally understand this happened because of the situation.  you were the unfortunate "number" in his numbers game.  ugh.  glad you got it all sorted out though.  love your channel.
This may be a flawed way of going about things (because I’m not an expert by any means) but many times when I receive electronic correspondance from YouTube, Google, or another business I have an account with and they’re emailing me about an issue with said account, I will leave the email and go to their site which I know to be credible and start a correspondance with them myself through their support links. I then tell them about the email I received and ask them about the issue. That way, I am more certain that anyone I speak with in that message chain is credible. Like I said, it may not be the best way of dealing with things like this but it makes me more comfortable just going to the credible source myself and opening up dialogue with them.
Even Jim is convinced to delete his youtube channel..  Time to leave earth 🚀
You seem like a genuinely good guy,  Humble, if not more now after this but I find it ironic that I found this video a few hours after a random cell phone got stopped at my googles 2-step authentication  that I have thankfully taken the time to setup!      Cheers m8, Hopefully my sub takes you from 3.49 to 3.50  :D    Now I will binge watch your videos.  Have a great rest of the weekend
And they want us to trust them with our credit card number and I.D. Yeah. . . .this just makes things more clear, don't trust Google with your information.
11:06 "He thanked me and gave me some greetings from the YouTube team". I'm dying now :D
When YouTube/Google support talks to you, you know it is a scam. Real Youtube support will either not respond or they would respond after days of sending a query.
"I'm YouTube"                   Scammer 2021
I am so happy you're back Jim. Thank you for this honest video. It's proof that these things can happen to anyone. Even the experts. You ate such a good man. Wishing you continued success in all you do. 💗
Jim I like ur bids
That's actually ironical
If you like I can help you translate the Bangla, Hindi and Urdu for you😃
And this is why we have the "Never submit passwords through google forms"
I too, thought i would never get scammed. But as in Jim’s case, never underestimate the coincidence factor.   I had ordered something online few days before my holidays this summer. It didn’t arrive in time and i had left to enjoy the days off in Italy.   After a long travel, just arriving at my destination, i received an email from the (alleged) courier to settle custom duties of 2 €. The shipment i expected came from the UK, 2 € seemed just about right for the item i had ordered.  Didn’t want to waste time, typed in my credit card details and sent it off. Luckily i have to confirm every transaction in an app. In there it said 2000€😅 Holy crap, close call
Now it is working -> https://www.youtube.com/jimbrowning ! haha
2-Step is over power
Or just be like me. Too lazy to awnser calls and who the hell checks there emails
If they don't address you by name it's not legit. It just says "Hi".
https://youtu.be/o2ixj0m4F_E wasn’t this your video ?
ONE OF THE BEST LEGENDARY FIGHTS I HAVE EVER SEEN !!! BOTH IMPRESSED BY EACHOTHER AND HAVING A CASUAL GREAT MOVIE LIKE CONVERSATION!
You are amazing. I’m sorry this happened but thank you for posting it!
this is incredibly scary
HELLO, try chanting Nam Myoho Renge Kyo, it's a life changing phylosophy which i have been chanting since 9 years!
Why do I feel like it's kinda staged.. just saying
Life is a constant learning process. Even for experts in their field.
Is this always coming from India? Are there other countries that scam?
Channel should be righty named The Return of Jim Browning
This shit blows my mind! 2FA is so important, glad I learned how to use it.
Just goes to show even the best can get tricked when they're not thinking
Glad your back. You do help so many people. Don't ever change, we love you for all that you do. 🇬🇧
So happy you didnt lose your channel, we need you to keep up the fight. I was scammed recently by a fake milwaukee tool site. luckily i was able to get a refund, but it made me realize just how sneaky these scammers can be. Love you bro
Why does youtube get away with bold face lying to the creators all the time though?
Sheesh, this was the Revenge of the Scammer and Return of the Browning story arcs of your channel!
Sorry but that is such an obvious scam. I’m absolutely baffled you fell for that.
When I saw the "I am YouTube" message, I pictured one-by-one hundreds of scammers emerging from their cubicle, confidently stating "I am YouTube", "I am YouTube", "I AM YOUTUBE" so that the evil scam eliminator cannot correctly identify the true YouTube.
More power and respect to u 🔥🙏🏻
1.2 k dislikes? At least we have a scammer count now. All 12 hundred of them.
So that's how there's channels that are verified with hundred thousands of subs with almost no video or old video with different languages and many deleted videos
Sorry to hear that, glad you got it back.
Guys, guys, Do we see my comments ?
Glad the channel got restored.Being a big fan of yours from India I always followed you and yourr style of ethical work...  Keep inspiring..
Blows my mind that someone who has a channel to expose scammers was stupid enough to get scammed in the process.
"Scammer gets scammed"
WHERE IS THE OTHER JIM BROWNING'S CHANNEL, HE LOOKS LIKE A WHOLESOME GUY, WOULD LIKE TO GIVE HIM A FOLOW, OH SHIT CAPS, AH FUCK IT I'VE COME TO FAR
I had no idea it was possible to move content to a different channel o.o I'll need to do that at some point xD
I think we've all been scammed at least once and it just goes to show that even the best scambaiters can be scammed from time to time. But most of us learn from our mistakes and are more aware in the future. I'm glad you got all your videos back, people need to be aware of the scams out there and you provide the best information about it. I've learned a thing or two myself.
I keep getting a Facebook scam emails abut this for like 4 years now biggest tell is the sender email or sent to emails
damn they really scammed the scammer scammer
Hi. Jim  Your great. I wish I could mess with scammers.
"Sure thing Jim, me and the boys have been talking, and everyone is real sorry, they won't do it again"
Damn that’s wild
I had 2SA on and my account has just been hacked and deleted without even sharing any info with anyone. It was my fulltime job.
I glad this happened to you, of all people. This should be a wake up call that NO ONE is immune to being scammed! It's important to remain vigilant and have backup plans!
17:03 i find it absolutely hilarious that the REAL youtube support email has grammar mistakes
they even got him... damnnn
Amazing experience. Thanks for sharing.
Just another day of the legend schooling another scammer.
Ha ha ha they somehow get back to you 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Next time when they ask “what convinced you I was real” to just give them fake hindering information Like saying it would help if he wrote “this is definitely not a scam” on all of his emails
cant belive that a scam baiter fell into a scam
Glad you're back.
This is great! It only confirms you are pushing the right buttons in the right order, in the right places. This was driven by rage and the professional responsible would not have been cheap.  Keep up the good work sir 👍
The best way to avoid phishing scams is to avoid clicking on anything in the email and contact support from the official site to see what's going on.  It's good to gain detective skills in cyber smarts but relying on that to guide you on what's safe or not is never the way to go. Now I know if even Jim can get fooled, so can I.
I wonder if it's someone who worked for YouTube in some way? Inside knowledge?
Im afraid talk with this guy..  When he start says " hi ", he could already have my IP, my account, my photos, my personal id, my car, my house, and my future.
Dude... How can I send you something by email that I need you to look into?   I have screenshots
Unbeeffinglivable...
Wow, glad you got back up and running! Love what your doing!
Damn i never been impressed and disgusted at the same time. lol
Same thing happened to the SpiffingBrit
3 long adverts at start of video, YouTube are ruining their own product
Wow more people in the youtube community outside of scam baiters should know about this!
Man that was a great story. Glad you got your channel back
❤️❤️❤️ Hi there ~ thank goodness that youre channel is up and running. Spiffing Brit channel is down. Would you be able to help him? Also im putting a link to your video on channels i enjoy, letting them know. Thank you and all the best
Keep fighting Scammers jim!
Keep up the fight my dude
I am glad u are back buddy!
The thing I noticed in the first mail was that the address said no-reply, but in the mail the scammer wrote "please reply" at the end. Of course if I was in your situation I wouldn't probably have noticed that detail
All I need is 100 dollars. Then im set for life with $ 2,500,100
Might sound like a stupid question.  But how did scammers are aware that a given gmail id has a youtube channel or are they sharing the same mail with all the gmail ids they have.
Man, what a learning experience, huh? So glad you got your channel back. I have learned so much from you in a couple days. You are a blessing Jim, please don't ever stop looking after the innocent. Thank you so very much! 🙏🤟😁👊🤟💛🖖👍🍻 🚫🐍🇺🇲
I'm YOUTUBE! Cower before me, mortals!
omg send him the video
Just got notice,  I'm back with you Jim.
"I'm YouTube"
Damn, Jim Browning was our Superman and a scammer finally found his kryptonite...
Thx jim i just twittered i got u a coffee to support u
Well i was scammed a few weeks ago would like to say how but its a long story to put on here if u want me to email u i can
If they can get you what hope do we have
Human nature. They preyed upon your fear of losing revenue but offered a quick fix. That type of anxiety would make most people to be blind or less cautious.
This is like people thinking the titanic couldn’t sink… and then it sunk
Jim I swear you are on the FEW VERY great youtubers that I have seen my entire life
Did you die? Jim: Yes, but I lived..
Love your content, But #FightLikeHell, I'll be soon un-subscribing if you are not also available on Rumble
I really wonder if he Really does have access to those accounts with millions subs
@Jim Browning what's up with the bots taking other people's comments and posting them under my original comment? It's weird lol
Holy sh*t these bots really are sinister as those scammers. I hope Jim can do something about it.
Still laughing at the fact that the scammer basically reveals he's a scammer and then proceeds to say: I'm YouTube 😂
Re-commenting for the algorithm, spam bots have invaded the comments section and I deleted my old comment to be rid of their constant nagging notifications. Blech.
Well at least I didn't have to subscribe again and I have a new video notification because I am subscribed :)
They truly get that they got you btwn a Rock & a hard place.  Glad you're ok.! Edit:  Dont you tube comment at 3 am if you don't want to seem a bumbling idiot!
so how is it someone was able to rename their channel with your old link? I thought they became unusable for a period of time?
Funny thing:  My Twitch account got nuked... Don't know HOW.  I reported within a week. Twitter support was USELESS on recovery. Kept stalling, and, telling me to refresh/retry... account was GONE... and, couldn't recover it after their time limit.
The return.
For all the people bitching about the bots, report them for adult content.
ironic
STOP THOSE BOTS JIM
You have an extremely calming voice jim. Great work!
I had to delete my previous comment because a bunch of spam bots keep responding to it and YouTube did nothing about it.     Anyway, sorry this happened to you Jim and wb
More subscribers will come. Your humble nature grabbed me..  "subscribed"..
im guessing this video is about to blow up again with the amount of spam scam comments appearing lmao
It's unrelated topic from the video. But what's up with all these spam comments 😑.
Damn these bots are getting annoying
Holy cow. If Jim can fall for a scam, none of us are safe. Me personally, if I'm told anything by anyone I don't actually know in person, I assume it is false by default and then make a phone call to the actual people in charge and verify whether this was correct. That's the only way to be TRULY sure.
It's kinda ironic that the scammer destroyer was destroyed by a scammer
I already noticed a major problem with that email.. surprising you fell for it. :|
it's an awful feeling to delete all your hard work. my youtube channel is new, I couldn't imagine what it would be to have your youtube channel deleted. Jim browning take care. with love from the Philippines
Welcome Back!  Your dreams were your, ticket out!
dont click on those channels
My fellow Jim...keep doin good...THEY CANT STOP JIMS!!!!
Isn't this just the perfect cherry on top of all that you have been doing in order to unmask these scammers? I see it like the ultimate test for Jim Browning after which no scammer on this earth can faze him anymore :)
nice recovery! i didnt need to re-sub or anything. glad you're back.
Inspect element also lets you create fake views and revenues just for a screenshot purpose
syrian ? well this makes sence  when you actually want to nuke some parts of your own continent i hate this cat and mouse play of finding out what is a scam and what
Already in the first minute I’m like wow, how I ain’t finished the video but fam this guy was able to make the email look legit that’s mad in itself.
😂 noooo they got you good! Make them pay back!
This scammer cost you big! I would have noticed this was a scam right off the bat.
Does this have anything to do with a few channels temporarily losing add revenue for a month unless they remove or edit there videos without any explanation?
I’m sorry I didn’t notice you were missing but I’m so happy to see that you’re still here fighting the good fight! 🚫
"Since you revealed me last moment... I only want $100" "I'll Just go to the real youtube support" " *I am YOUTUBE* "
didnt you say you had 180+ videos? WHere they all go? Thought you said youtube was able to restore your deleted account....
bruh it took them longer to restore this dudes account than it did for them to unban my video with 4 views lmao
I wonder if the scammers have a channel of vids of scamming the scambaiters.  :)
Its like after having a great war, they decide to take a seat and discuss on what they can improve 😂
Wait, didn't google make it so your organization name cant have "Google" in it?
That's rough man. Good to hear everything turned out well in the end at least
14:37 what if he used a vpn and virtual machine to open the grabify
Hello Jim this is from YouTube and I would like to address some discrepancies on your account please contact us and give us your password so we may fix this problem
People need to realize that you don't need to be dumb to fall for these scams.
Dude there's literally a note on the Google Forums that says to Never send passwords via Google Forums, how did you didn't suspect of that?
Don't feel so bad nearly got caught with a scam site for installing a canon printer.
I am still stunned in deep shock, that a man like Jim who unearths so many scamsters was scammed royally like this.  Wooooow..😲 Totally speechless.. 🤐
"I don't understand why they sent this in correspondence--" welcome to google customer support, where the customers don't matter and the support is of such a quality that you might as well be talking to that guy from Turkey
why are my comments deleted on this video? the scammer has mas well over 500k from youtube channels hes from turkey i have his full name
The legend unbanned himself
Ah, the wonderful techsupport. We can't restore your account, unless you have million subscribers and can give a huge shout out to us via Twitter.
The grammar from the email was bad, How can you not tell the scammers grammar?
While thats all good and well,  you're first indicator should have been to know that google nor youtube has a "support" dept worth talking too to begin with.  Such an animal simply doesnt exist.  If it did,  youtube and google wouldnt exist as the horrible support that they provide would quickly have bankrupted them (they suck that badly).  It's cool that you put up a video about this though.  But I admit,  if it happened to me,  I'd be SERIOUSLY embarrassed and would never touch a PC ever again due to stupidity :)  The link capture was a cool plot twist for the ending.  At least you didnt get completely shut out in the game,  you scored at least a field goal during the garbage time 2 minute drill, but imo, he still put up a 50 burger on you.  Scammer 52,  Jim 3  lol
I had just heard about your channel I searched for it and found a couple videos that were a couple hours old saying your channel was deleted😂
If anything this story should serve as a warning to everyone just how on guard we all should be. Here is someone who has made it his business to see through stuff like this and even he got one pulled over on him.
Jim, i love your content buddy, keep on !  BTW, someone who has a youtube revenue of 16K dollars, wont ask for 100$. Obviously i think he is lying, and a lot.
Nice to see you got your channel back Jim.
cool stuff!
I’m glad you posted this video b/c I think that our elderly (including myself) get a bad rap for being stupid, uneducated, too trusting etc Which is what these scammers count on but I would like you all to remember that we didn’t grow up with this kind of technology You can teach an old dog new tricks but some of us are a bit slower at learning them.Bless you Mr Browning for being in our corner and not giving up on us and showing us that even you can get scammed !
Glad your channel is back. It would be very frightening to lose all my videos.
I was scammed yesterday. I felt so stupid but knowing this guy was almost scamed made me feel a bit better
Thanks for the video. I learned alot of it.
I'm glad you got the account back. Once I see an email like this I'm not doing anything until I make a phone call to youtube and speak to a human. As a contractor I've seen so many scams. Now all emails to me aree scams unless I have varified them already. Any a I haven't sit unopen for months at a time.
It's just poor how difficult google / youtube makes getting support or reaching a real person - it should take a couple of minutes to "undelete" a channel, really, so to say they can't is just pathetic. I'm glad you got it restored eventually and thanks for sharing the video with us!
Bro you are like a FBI agent man. Playing buddy with the scammer to get more information.
May the lord give you long life to shorten theirs.
everyone should use 2fa in this day and age not just creators
a channel pirate
Jim lost the battle but won the war
FAKE NEWS!! EVERYTHING YOU AND SCAMMER PAYBACK DO IS FAKE!!!!!!
Something you didnt seem to notice on his ad stats page... he lost 21,000 subscribers in 28 days and only had 31,100 left. That is almost 50% of his total subscribers lost in 28 days. That convinced me that he may in fact have taken over the channel and word got out or he posted some sort of tell that gave him up, and people mass unsubscribed
The "are you using a computer or phone at the moment" gave me flashbacks to 100 scam calls
This is straight up elaborate.
Lmao the scammer is more helpful than actual youtube support
Huge props for being humble and sharing your pitfalls
You have to ask yourself why did the scammer pick Jim to scam? What is it to discredit him or  was it to take down all his educational content about how to prevent being scammed? I’m sure im safe to say what I want because he’ll never see this anyway. With as many subscribers that he has it’s impossible for him to read all of his comments.
Jimbo you are impossible not to like
Scammers payback payback
My channel got deleted last week. I worked 2 whole years to get where I was then. I had a community tab and all of that stuff. I really hope I can rebuild my channel. I need help.....
Damn Jim. Now its wartime. You are the bar. Scammers all over are going to consider this guy a legend just for making it that far.
She is in Georgia that scammed me
13:50  17:09 18:40 19:36 - 19:53 2SA
Oh my god, they're getting smarter
even legend lose at least once
I tried transferring to a new account today, but I was locked out of my personal account on youtube...
the negotiator
Curb your Jim browning
Scammer: *sitting on the side of the road in a 3 piece suit, cane and top hat* I'm a poor millionaire.  Can I have $100 so I can stop being a millionaire?
google and youtube are run by indians ... they block my youtube channel because I comment on Modi's howdy modi last year... ever since against freedom of speech they block my account...
Man. I love you guys, what you do and all the hard work and time. I've laughed and learned so much! Thank you
You Jim Browning are the biggest scammer of all, sharing 5 different donation links to make money, while your work throughout the year is maximum 10 videos a year. Furthermore your videos are very lame compared to other scambaiters who are also more skilled in   hacking into scammers computer. Please dont take advantage of people's natural behavior of being a sheep to get "support" money from them, because I dont think someone needs support to make a 20 minutes video in 1 month. If you really cared about helping people against scammers you would make content worth more than the money you are getting from them.
Good work, Warrior.    Our battle scars are our Badges of Honor.
Trying to get his location you've revealed your own one!! 😂I love your videos and what you do ♥♥
can't wait till jim tracks him down show who he is, tell the police in turkey and screw him up lol
Was I the only one who noticed that tiny text in the bottom of the google forms that said, NEVER WRITE PASSWORDS VIA GOOGLE FORMS🤣🤣 The irony haha Glad u caught it
bruh im so glad that u got ur channel back if this would happen to me the channel would have been lost
This is why we are scammed; just when you are not paying attention...reason your channel is so vital for our existence in a cyber world. Thanks for what you do.
Even Jim Browning got scammed. Be careful out there!!
You gotta almost respect the nerves of steel from a scammer scamming one of the biggest scam baiters on YouTube The whole time they are chatting with jim they have to stare at the profile picture that says 🚫 Tech Support scams 🚫 all while doing a tech support scam
He probably just blocked you 16:40  And you are a wanna be pleasant green - which is fine
Ppl be like: I'm so smart I can't be scammed. Who would fall for th-  Ppl after Jim Browning's video: The master has fallen. Now we are screwed.  I just downloaded a worm Aicat .
Just discovered your channel. Gotta love an IT pro with zero ego. You played the angles on this scammer. Really shows how important extra layers of authentication are. Please keep doing what you're doing. I plan to take a deep dive into your channel. Cheers.
Honourable man!
Omg. I almost gave my Paypal password because I got a spam mail WHILE I was talking to the support about my account!!! Thank god I recognized it while typing my email.
Any email I can reach you on? Need your help
How scary~
Scammer scammer gets scammed
Imagine spending time on a deliberate scam like this.
i love his accent
Its weird how I can just tell its a scam by looking at it. Still, if I was a creator I would’ve freaked out for a bit.
clue : if anything bad happens to your youtube account, Youtube won't give a damn unless you harrass them by e-mail. They will never do the firts move.
lol
The available ticket perinatally unpack because step-grandfather booly trap barring a young scooter. stereotyped, windy coil
Find this s%*t.  Find him.
NEW SUBSCRIBER HERE !!!!!! YOU ARE OUR WARRIOR !
Jesus if Jim can be scammed 😳 then I ain’t safe the scary thing is these scams get more intelligent every year it’s starting to get hard to tell what’s a scam and what’s not.
This is an achievement for them though
I like to imagine that the scammer was one of the ones he shut down, and was trying to get revenge
⬆️⬆️⬆️⬆️raymondjames1220 On Ig got it fixed permanently
Scammer: "Your Kung Fu is weak!" Jim Browning: "I am only at 50 % of my power... I will take yours and be more powerful than before!"
This proves that noone and I mean NOONE is stupid, foolish, or an idiot. Scams can happen to anyone. Even to a professional scamming investigater. We need to really focus on scams and stopping them
Hi, my account was terminated also by a third party. Also required that I have to pay fees to reinstate my account. Can you help me regain my account. Thank you.
He could’ve easily inspect element the page.
If you can get tricked I'm in screwed
hey we all get fooled from time to time, but the advantage of hindsight is that we will never fall for the same tricks again
So glad only scammers I deal with are world of warcrack gold sellers. They are just so laughably obvious, that I almost feel bad for them. Good thing you managed to solve this Jim
So sorry to hear about this Mr Browning Hope to see you again soon Love you keep up the good fight ❤️
wew almost
This scammer must’ve been insanely good to be able to scam you
Biggest L of the decade
The best content to remember ❤️❤️❤️
Wow he sounds so cool i would be screaming lol
Holy fuck took some humility to make this. I appreciate
I got the Ip address of my scammer, using grabify link. What to do next?
I've come to learn to not trust links and google emails, phone nunbers etc for any companies nowadays
I'm thinking this is just a clickbait video/scenario for likes/views. Because someone like Jim couldn't possibly be THIS stupid. It screams SCAM from the first moment.
I'm sorry to hear this happened.  I was wondering why I couldn't find any Jim browning videos. 😢😢😢
I live in turkey
Good job. I have another project for all you scam catchers. It's a very big project. I need your help.
Jim, we "need" more gentlemen like you in this world, your an honored man with much kindness in your heart. You help restore my faith in people....:)
That Google pop-up is a huge mess. A small change in UX stating that the account will lose all content would stop a lot of people in their tracks. Google needs to improve that screen.
A lot happened... Glad you had all your videos back
noob
Haha, so you got scammed as well. Nice.
"I'm YouTube" The CEO of YouTube going around scamming people for their $100.
Although I rarely use Gmail to do practically anything, this video just reminded me of how insecure I am. Great reminder video Jim
Looks like this is the 3M subscribers then.
What an example of honesty and integrity. Totally opposite to the vile creatures you expose Jim. Absolute legend. Keep up the fantastic work mate 😊😉
Hack Indian rockets and lunch them to scamers offices.. :) FCK it.
Ironic how Mark Rober, who afaik is a Mormon, is pitching in on this confidently xD
I'm YouTube.
Thanks for being so honest and now with even more knowledge on different types of scams.
keep figth the fraud, jim  we proud of you
I’m ngl you’re an idiot for this 😂
Good job.If need help in india .i can help u i am based at delhi.
Must admit...Jim was hanging by a thread, being removed from Hero Status: until he Ninja flipped the tables and located the scammers entire technical profile, then retrieved his Channel. Looking forward to next Vid...Previewed at the end of this Vid.  Guess you aren't supposed to say mean things about Scammers Scum...but the truth is the Truth....LOOK AT ALL THOSE RATS scurrying around in that scum pit call center. This will be good. Great Work JB
The wording of that email is unnatural and immediately throws red flags for me. Pretty surprised he fell for it, but nobody is perfect of course.
Oh god Jim! I'm pretty good at spotting scams but if they got you it's a matter of time for me. Well done for putting this out there to keep people educated on new scamming methods.
The workable actor opportunely imagine because afternoon intermittently laugh among a parsimonious appliance. maniacal, thin share
this shows everyone is vulnerable to scams
Glad you got things sorted, I hope your channel is soon back to the first thing in search results!! Thank you for sharing your experience, I will be much more careful, if you could nearly get scammed then anyone could!!
How does he get a good idea of the scammers nationality (or at least close to it?)
So I asked this millionaire.....hahahahhaha such cute sarcasm. Loved it
Very, very interesting hmmmmm
There are over 4 million Syrians in Turkey due to the uprising against the evil Syrian dictator. The uprising has been going on since 2011 and more than a million have lost their lives
I'm kinda suprised the scammer had no idea who you were. My first assumption is that they were targeting you. Pretty funny it was just coincidence.
Scammers are getting a lot of 'official' names now. I've been receiving phonecalls from Oldham County Court saying they are going to delete my NI number unless I pay some money.
I'm so glad you were able to get your channel back. I'm gonna be sending some new information on scammers and their numbers here pretty soon. I hope you can expose them. My father was ripped off $37,000 recently and am hoping to expose them. 🙏
I couldn't imagine someone like you being scammed. Now I'm worried about my safety although I'm a software engineer, lol.
They just got to get you at wrong/right place at the wrong/right time. Nearly got my mom because Paypal support was nigh impossible to contact at the time. Caught it just in time otherwise they'd have all her payment details. I think a growing part of the problem is that the actual customer support is becoming more and more hidden/automated.
You know you have an A+ scam when you manage to trick jim. We are no longer safe
What a remarkable story. It goes to show that we are all human, and can be manipulated under the right circumstances despite having vast knowledge of how scammers operate.  You are a great asset to the community, and I encourage you to continue doing your good work.
Scammer: Im gonna delete your account Jim Browning: 1 Million IQ, activate
How, man? That first email looks sus as hell. The grammar is sus. If Adsense has accounts, you could have contacted them to verify or deny the duplicate account first...  ALWAYS BE SUS.  I get it though. If they knew you, they knew yo be careful, and you could have been in a panic at that moment. But we must always remember to calm down and look around. I had a recent issue at work (all legitimate), but i still made them jump through hoops, even telling them at one point if they were legit, they know we are trained to be suspicious of everyone unless it comes from known superiors directly. Always be sus.
That entire thing was a scam des!
James could you help with a scammer who is robbing my mother!?
LOL.... JIM - you have to laugh - a person who under-covers scams got scammed   I think you are right - If the scammer CREATES  emotions that create senses of URGENCY and of similar nature with a " Mark"  or victim - i think anyone can get scammed  .  FEAR Of LOSS can be a terrible motivator but a beautiful one also  having seen  KITBOGA /scammer payback  channels as well as yours - its seems the two good natures scammers target are good nature ( give money back )  and of course fear of loss .  It almost creates the RED MIST in my opinion - an emotional field/spectrum  where people can not see all events unfolding only a worse case scenario or desired outcome .  people will give all their WITS away to obtain an outcome - once placed in a scenario
How do people get to such a low point in life bottom feeder it's so disgusting people trying to take other people property like where they never huged as a child? So pathetic some human beings can be
Although not the same but I got a email from google saying I'd joined a google group. Which is impossible as I don't have an account using that email address. Then the junk/scam mail started, but of course how can I leave a google group when I don't have an account.
Can't wait for your next video
Thank you for being so honest about how you were scammed. It can happen to anyone, it only takes once for a scammer to get lucky while we have to be ridiculously vigilant 100% of the time. Keep fighting the good fight!
I think the YouTuber he has hacked was the the  spiffing Brit, he made a video about it aswelll how he lost his account and fell to scams
When you going to post next vid
Would asking for some other forum of identification ie getting youtube customer phone support number actually talking to a live person?  People put to much trust in technology.
hello jim i really need your help with someone trying to hack my sister by blackmailing her into sending money to a bitcoin account, but the weird thing is, the emails she gets the threats from say that they come from her email that she receives them from.   i always tell her to never answer the emails or give the people what they want but it’s just weird how they’re able to send an email from her email and when i check to see where the email is signed into it’s just the devices in our house. please if you have any info on how to help please let me know
I think you're pushing the point of the person not being a native English speaker a little bit too much. A lot of people don't speak English as a first language in the US. Especially in the IT industry (i.e. technical support, engineers, etc). This is verging on common xenophobia.
That’s crazy. I just got scammed yesterday. I lost $1500. I was here at work talking about it and some of the guys told me to look you up and check out your videos and see if maybe you’d help me out. I know there might not be any way to get that money back and I know it’s my fault. If there were any way to do something. To get this guy, I’ll explain the whole story. It’s just a long one to type out. Love the videos either way 👍🏽
I cant believe you of ALL people fell for a scam.
Hallo Jim my Facebook account just got hacked if you could help me
The most insane thing about this whole story is that you do not have a phone number to call to verify what you are supposed to be doing. I know calling Google or Facebook is something of a myth but it is an actual thing. I hope there is some kind of wake up call to push these companies to have an actual customer service department to service their actual customers.
there did the Syrian asylum seekers go...
Hi Jim, I'm curious to know if you would take on a collaboration with Veritasium channel to find out if scammers know when we've dealt with tech support or bought a product and thus increase the chances of finding someone "in a mood" or whose especially outraged they just bought a $5 product and almost immediately receive a receipt for $799 for a bogus product. Are the algorithms working for the scammers? Do they have advert beacons that alert them when you're on the post sales page?
Not everything is what it seems. Happens to the best of us. Glad it worked out good for you👍👍. Ps love your channel
I am from india and i have contacts in police, if you want i can help you out in catching em..hit me up, Keep up the good work!!
Always look at the email address from who was it sent from  I don't  never answer any email I Always delete all my emails I never open them
google can restore upto 90 days they have for me, I paid for the google backup
Cant believe you fell for it.
Dude, I love your videos. Playing with a scammer while being scammed is just pure satisfaction.
Spiffing Brit got caught out with this one as well.
It's a person inside google. An insider
It happened to GSM ARENA.
You are the best❤️
I am a little disappointed that Turkish guy didn't do interview (  Would've been cool probably to hear more from him...
Jim, I’m so sorry this happened to you. I’ve been hounded so much I just block calls I don’t now. I’m so glad you’re channel has been restored Brother. Go get them !!! You’ve got an army of people behind you that love and respect you !!! Big love 💕
Thats because the real crooks out there you exposed them and they called there dads and called and told u tube to   shut u up keep it up expose these tyrants
Keep up the great work you do Jim browning hope this brings more attention too your channel and helps us understand what we are dealing with
PSA for people who own steam accounts and use Discord there are Scammers who will contact you to say they need your help and will show a picture saying they accidentally reported you for illegal activity they will then say a Steam admin said to message you you then be passed to person pretending to be a steam support staff member and they will show fake pictures saying your account has been blocked and banned in different areas you will then need to pay them using Steam Cards please like this comment so others will see this and not follow my mistake.
Scammers trying to act like victims. So sick. They don't care about you nor do they NEED the money this bad. They are from dirt ass countries and are jealous that people have what they don't.
Hello. . can you investigate in earn money from home applications.
Your voice sounds like David Bombal.  LOL.
Jim- it was only a matter of time before you were targeted by the scammers you're taking down. Be careful, buddy!
So glad you got reinstated, this channel is amazing and so entertaining. Could you please look into the weird ‘goodbye’ calls that have been going around for the last 10+ years and have recently got a lot more prominent? If you’re not familiar with them a mobile number from your country calls (for me once a day at different times and changing the number by a few digits every few days) and when answered there is nothing but silence for a few seconds but when you say hello an automated voice just says goodbye and hangs straight up.   It’s quite spooky and there’s a few theories kicking around in forums dating back all the way to before 2010 with exactly the same details of the call if you could take a look it could make for an interesting discovery
.....TEACH ME!! haha I would so love to be able to do what you do, you are amazing. If at all possible I would pay for your tutorials if that would be something you might be interested in in the future. All scammers must be unplugged! Ty
We're never too old or experienced or educated to learn :-) Glad you got all your data back!
You didn't inspect the headers properly.
wtf this scammer has got the balls to mess with you .. revenge time :)  fuck scammer's happiness
10:05 LMAOO
What a story. I was on the edge of my seat! This is proof we all need to be really careful. Thanks for sharing this.
When you showed the location and the fact he is Syrian. I'm convinced he scams for Daesh
Love your channel keep doing ..stay home stay safe
Interesting, except it is 2FA (Two Factor Authentication), not 2SA ...
i think your I.Q is 5k. hahah nice one Sir!
Honestly, though, that was a pretty impressive scam. Like, it’s awful, but kinda smart…
y'know, for someone who for a living harasses / shuts down scamming centers, you kinds deserve to have had your account perm deleted or falling for shit like that.....
You panicked , you literally blackout when he touched your survival...
So, the scammers sent a YouTube Hitman. Touche
Maybe the scammer was trying to take down your against-scammers channel so they could work in peace.
Th is is so fake, a way to gain views by clickbaiting, you're literally scamming ur audience for views.  Talk about irony, a scammer buster getting paid off of scams, kinda brilliant but definitely sick. You expect us to believe a tech guru like urself didn't look iver all this stuff with a fine toothed comb? Foh
Indian attack failed
hey, im willitical and im a YouTube channel dedicated to research, i was thinking about reacting to some of your videos, and actually have lots of experience dealing with online scamers myself, id like to get a chance to chat with you sometime, because i belive that the job you've doing is incredibly important, and soo glad there are people like you, who has a heart and trys to stop people from getting scammed, its a really sad thing, ive been binge watching your videos, and i absolutely love what you're doing
To anyone out there who understood can someone please clear how was the genuine solution different from the scam?  Like what did the genuine YouTube support do which differentiate it from the scammer?
This started on a pretty serious note but by the middle, it felt like the quote “ if you can’t defeat them, join them”👽
Wish a scammer would contact me through email, I never look at my emails
Hey man been scammed and need your help
thanks for sharing this. It may help someone who was scammed and  is too embarrassed to admit it. Glad you were able to restore your channel. Thanks for continuing to fight this battle.
This should be an example to everyone to SAVE your money when you make a lot of money because your job/income can be gone in a second.
Do you anything one now with your journal for me is I’ve never watched in your videos good news I now have 30+ hours to watch
OK so your human,but your still fucking awesome. 👍
Honestly the scammer did you a favor since you got 2.3 million views out of it.
I'm YouTube          LOL
Hey Jim, I am waiting for your next video. We miss you! ♥️
I'm kind of disappointed you went and reported the email. I mean, you got the dude to click links, he's not as clever as he thinks he is. You're being too adult about this.
No shame too you, glad your back.
Who scams the scammers scammer?   Scary shit! No one's safe :(
Need you back.  My life is boring (might not be on you) your voice calms.
U explain in a way that any common person can understand. U also have to take care and be alert please. You are a very good person. Love ❤ u
Mrs Richards: "I paid for a room with a view !"   Basil: (pointing to the lovely view) "That is Torquay, Madam."   Mrs Richards: "It's not good enough!"   Basil: "May I ask what you were expecting to see out of a Torquay hotel bedroom window? Sydney Opera House, perhaps? the Hanging Gardens of Babylon? Herds of wildebeest sweeping majestically past?..."   Mrs Richards: "Don't be silly! I expect to be able to see the sea!"  Basil: "You can see the sea, it's over there between the land and the sky."   Mrs Richards: "I'm not satisfied. But I shall stay. But I expect a reduction."   Basil: "Why?! Because Krakatoa's not erupting at the moment  ?
Perhaps you shouldn’t be around decent people. We will have to see.
Is this why he hasn’t been posting any videos
Tried to show his videos at Stanford. He deleted the video while we were watching it.
Have you stopped attacking random people yet?
Hello  , Nice things you doing here .... Scamers need to be punish . ( I read mails a lot but i'm not confident thats even 1% true what they tipe there .) Any way my logic exist like this . Every site like google youtube etc. can remove accounts  instantly  and send you a notification why they do that , the logic way is you have account in theyr domain and they have full acces on it. you like an usser have over 90% of clearence  of that account rest of is only politics and rulles that they have more than you. (Sry my engl is worst but  i think i made a good info for this content.).
This looks so fake tho he is way too smart to click on a grabify link those are so easy to look through
Yeah, I had to resubscribe. Thankfully you have the support of other honest YouTubers. I was sent here by Charlie, the penguinz0 fella.
Same with a finnish youtuber that i used to watch befode She got cringe  her Channel actualy got deleted but She got it undeleted somehow
The Spiffing Brit got done as well. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6e43Rz__YM&t=496s
I think this is a conspiracy to show us the real Jim Browning, which is that man with grey hair showing some videos of a little girl. This channel here is the hacker's one. I'm so confused now that I will perform my own investigation on this matter. How on earth you have already 3.47M subscribers if it supposes that we would need to re-subscribe to your recovered channel?? This is the fake channel people. The real Jim Browning: Option A) The grey hair guy called Jim Browning B) The real Jim Browning lost his channel, which is this one here.  #JimBrowningInvestigation
Ha ha ha ha! The next time you'll get got!
This is extremely unsettling to me. If Jim Browning gets scammed, who is safe? Nobody.
This guy just told everybody he has a burner phone.
An idea: real tech support meet fake tech support
So you have a nemesis now 😈
That guy must have felt awesome almost scamming you
I really hope you upload your next video soon. I have nothing but respect for people like you.
Welcome back, Jim!  As all of you can see, even the best of us can be fooled. It just requires bad timing and/or letting your guard down. We are all humans after all (at least I hope so), and we all make mistakes sometimes.  Btw. for some reason this video was just now recommended to me. Only a _month_ from the release date.
noreply wouldn't send anyway
Wow, this scam was impressive
never click a link in an email or text... go to the app to commence communication
Thank you for making this video. So often, especially in the IT world, mistakes are seen as things to be covered up instead of learning experiences. Showing that anybody can be scammed and learning from this and the steps to take will help more people than harm.
Even the best mercenary for scammers gets scammed. In the end We're just human. Glad you got it recovered eventually
Imagine being Jim when Youtube support gave him the same instructions that got him into this mess.
I think this was all a good thing! It appears everything worked out for the best (I see you got your URL back!) plus its eye opening and humbling. Knowing even the people who work around this stuff can still fall for one every once in a while is oddly a relief. Glad we aren't just the gullible few!
ty jim very good info ty for shareing and sooo sry u went through this
One to to be VERY careful about is, UPPER CASE i AND LOWER CASE L, LOOK EXACTLY THE SAME ON MOST DEVICES (I,l)  This contributes a lot to spoofing, especially because google has an l in it.
Jim had a boomer moment.
Mr. Robot S05E01
ITs eye opening when the super hero gets taken down by a villain... u realize, no one is omnipotent, and omniscient.  good thing he revived... nevr knew Jim was a phoenix
The scammer simply messaged you on Google chat the email looks like it was sent directly by Google. Essentially the same as anyone messaging you while you are away
This man is playing chess with these scammers
Jim, can you also do an expose of the close to 1 million Indians with fake educational certificates working in Singapore , their degree mill universities. This is scam on a different level
This just shows that even pros make mistakes. Glad your account is back tho Jim!
I was surprised he is not Indian.
so many embedded ads, my blockers wont even run this video, hope all is good tho. :/
I got scamed trying to apply for a job online. There's so many Job ads scam now cause of covid. -__-"
Hmm...you seem to know everything that happened during this. Like, you know everything, even about the dude doing it? You wouldn't have set this up for views would you?
Thank you Jim. You're the real iron man, the real cyborg, the real batman, the real hero!!!!
I thought on Jim Browning level he will have like a direct mobile phone number of the main technician of Google.UK or Youtube.UK or at least their office number
Dang man that's messed up... thats crazy...
Now. We wait for jim's revenge
I got an question, i got scammed fot aboutr 1500 usd by an fake help desk empoly, can you may help me to get my money back? i still got some screenshots and i got the history of the transfer (Crypto btw). idk if that is enough. cause i have the wallet adres from that person. and have seen that its still active cause you i gues scammed another person for 15 dollars 15 min ago. HOPE YOU CAN HELP ME
Gotta give some respect to a guy that can spam you, Jim.
ahhhh
When I realized that the guy that scams scammers gets scammed  by other scammers it really hit me hos we are all in danger. I immediatly sent a message to my parents to tell them to be careful.
Well your doppleganger channel started posting videos again a month ago, and is now at 1.6k subs - looks like you might have changed his world by getting him past the monetization point... So this event isn't all bad
lol..
What happened to Jim
who are u again?
Jim, I really hope you see this, whatever happened to the video where you did a scambait with fans and you rickrolled the scammer dude lmao I really wanna see that again
Thanks for being honest Jim, you have another new sub. Cheers Stuart 🇦🇺
1.1k dislikes were from scammed users
No Jim he most likely just did inspect element to alter the numbers to make it look like he controlled a channel with millions of views
Some years ago my Windows XP crashed. As I cursed and began troubleshooting I got a call (within 10 seconds of the crash). It was a "Microsoft Support Technician" saying that something was wrong with my Windows computer. Can you imagine that coincidence?!  It took my mind 20-30 seconds to process this. Luckily, the woman talked a lot while I was trying to process this. I eventually said, "Funny, I don't have a computer." But wow, that could have been a close call. And I did manage to troubleshoot Windows.
Cyber security EXPERT... falls victim to a very basic phishing scam lmao wut
Sadly, social engineering is still the biggest culprit and the biggest tool that the scammers have. If we can be less social-engineered, we could get passed these things. Timing too unfortunately in your case got you as well.   Speaking of timing, you'll see an uptick of Internal Revenue Service (IRS) calls in the months before April 15th which is the tax deadline. I noticed that a couple of years ago.
Glad to have you back.
Dude if Jim can fall for a scam, even halfway, then there is no hope for the rest of us.
you can spoof headers, also never in the email it mentioned your YouTube channel name. You could've logged into youtube itself to check. but yea a hard one to detect
Holy shit even Jim got scammed
Woof… I’ve leaned on “it’s a google domain” before 😬
The address in the bottom says Google LLC. But Isn't it Google Inc and not Google LLC?
What the... I was not expecting the scammer to be from turkey. I know we don't have a good reputation but this is on another level. I'm ashamed by this. I love your work. -Love from Turkey
türk gardaşcıım yatırmış kaç milyon aboneli adamı helal olsun  olum şu linklere basarken dikkat et
Lol 😂 as a software dev you can simply ask. If they are google they can do all these by themselves on the backend without u touching anything. There’s zero reason for them to give u step by step instructions by email
If Jim can get duped then we're all DOOMED!!  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Get  a back up channel
Oh thank you for educating others about everything on the channel!!  Thoroughly enjoyed watching! 🎶💕🎶💕🎶💕🎶
He probably wasn't lying about Syria because there are more than 3.5 million Syrians in Turkey because of the war.
Hi Jim, I believe the same thing has happened to the channel: WayOutWest. It's name has changed to "Ethereum [Live]" so some Crypto clown seems to have usurped this lovely old man's farming and farm maintenance channel.  If you check the channel right now, you can still see the old videos from the actual owner there, and now there's 200k+ subs being informed of a crypto LIVE stream. Madness. He was an old fella, so I'm not sure this will see the light of day without shedding the spotlight on it.
that is a huge no no you're watch History that is like millions and millions of hours like if you're big and everybody watches you like one video gets like 5,000 hours plus if you click that it gets rid of those hours for that video yeah I wouldn't click on anything it's like when you go in account settings that's a big no no it's like if you're Google you should be able to do this for me
it doesn't have your name on it for one thing. unless it comes to my house or come to my email it says my first middle and last name and my stupid phone number I wouldn't delete my YouTube channel.
WORTHY OPPONENT!!!
The reason i never respond to any emails from companies I have accounts with.  I contact them directly and not from any info in the email.  Usually in your account there maybe a message box and anything the company emails you is in the message inbox.  Glad you got your channel up again.
2 SA should be mandatory , because we live in a very technical world, so both the good and bad guys get's smarter.  Thanks for you videos, i share some of them on my FB even though most are swedish speak, but i type the most importent stuff like long password and activate 2 SA .
At this point I wonder if my bank website is even the real site; we’re screwed aren’t we?
Glad you made a video about it, we need to stay on our toes and remain vigilant
I think he was being hounest about how many big channels he got. He almost got psyced substances channel with the exact same scam.  He actually filled out the google form, but managed to change his own password in time when the scammer jumped the gun and demanded money a bit too early!  I'm sure there's many many more big creators he's caught out with this, it's actually one of the most convincing scams I've seen. It doesn't rely on the victim being old or not having sharp mental faculties, and is catching out otherwise rather sharp minded creators!
How did youtube eventually manage to restore the account after saying it has been deleted and therefore lost?
This is my favourite channel
how do you know about all this scammer stuff and computer tech where did you learn???
I must have subscribed to you after your account got hacked, for some reason I don't need to resubscribe.
Jim. Sooner or later, everyone has a brain fart. It happens to the best of us.
Are you going to get revenge on this guy??????????
There's a new Fedex scam going around where they're saying that your packaged couldn't be delivered for some bs reason, and charge a $2 fee, and then take out as much as they can. UPS, Fedex, and USPS will never charge you for missing a package and needing it to be re delivered. If you ever get any emails like that track your shipment from where you placed the order because it's more than likely still on the way. Stay safe out there.
They're trying everything in their power to get you off of YouTube.
Hey brother. I hope you can see this comment! I need your help 😢, my wife is being getting call from scamers like every minute they have some important information about her and I'm very worried we don't know what to do. Thanks for your videos they are awesome. I hope you see this thank you!
It's sad to see that when you're rarely seeing something that represents your country; it's something that would make you disgusted, instead of making you proud. Great to hear you recovering your channel and sorry for people like these.
I've seen atleast 5 bigger youtuber fall for the same thing. I wonder when google will do something. Clearly this isnt just you.
Where is the best place to contact Jim?? Regarding a HUGE scam??
13:34 those numbers can be easily cheated for screenshot. Right click on the elements you want to change on a page, click inspect element and make changes in the source according to your needs. Take screenshot and have fun sharing fake numbers.
scammer payback is my favorite at the same time because you taught him how to scam bait one day.
Anyone can be scammed.. yep many years of runescape taught me this
Hey ...... i can translate bangla(bengali),selati(bengali of tripura and assam) for u
Are you Northern Irish?
Hey Jim, I have a question, What do you do if a popup freezes your computer? This never has happened to me but i'm curious as what I should do.
Using Samsung A-50 and he is a millionaire lol 🤣
Imagine being the scammer who took down Jim Browning
You and Kitboga keep us informed, we need you guys. So glad it’s restored 👍🏾
Please can you find Steve Watson from Kitboga
Glad the channel is back. I've re-subscribed. Sorry you've lost so many subscribers because of this.
You should back up your videos to an external HDD and if it ever happen again. Then you have a backup of all of your videos when you create them. Download all of your videos and back them up.
i bet even the smartest person that uses the internet and knows how to use it very much could fall for a similar scam if, explained by you, the circumstances are right.
Very step by step scam attempt
That screenshot with the ad revenue looks to me like it's taken from an old ricegum video/stream. I remember him saying that 16k (or I could misremember and it was actually 6k) was on the low end since he didn't get a lot of views that month which probably would correlate with the info on the screen. I believe he also got in trouble with youtube for that because you're not allowed to show that apparently.  Please note that at this point it's just hearsay from me because I honestly can't be bothered to do an in-depth ricegum research for that... i need my few functioning braincells left for breathing and masticating
email starts off with Hi,  unless you have been in previous contact through emails with the person before this, no one starts off a first email contact with just Hi.
Man this worries me, if some one that deals with scam artest gets caught out then I'm done 🤔
I'm still subscribed
LOL. Glad to have watched this.Very interesting! And glad the "support" did finally what he is meant to do.
so u basically got scammed, lol
https://www.youtube.com/jimbrowning THIS LINK WORKS
Never thought you could be scammed
This is why I never, ever use any links or contact information supplied by an unsolicited contact from anyone. Email, text, phone call, chat, etc. I get their contact info myself from a source that I trust and get in touch that way.
Be careful.. hes youtube
Great you are still up and running Jim, your the best on YouTube, keep up with your amazing work against these low life's.
Seems like only YT and Google themselves could create such an elaborate scam. Have you ever wondered if the chain of command goes much higher than we think.?
I'm sorry you had to go through that. I can only imagine how you felt after realising you deleted the channel and they weren't real support.  Keep up the amazing content, looking forward to future uploads!
@the bottom of the screen at 07:19 below the next button is more text that says "Never submit passwords though google forms"... Yet u did?
Scammers can be tricky. I had ran into many of them. Glad to see someone doing something about it. Keep up the great work!
Ha-Ha 😝
This guy… I dont know how to explain… he’s just so awesome. Screw presidents or prime ministers or kings or queens… look up to HIM!!! I wish his knowledge was a college class.
wow even Jim Browning falls for something sometimes
This scam that happened to you did do some good, though. That channel that shared the same name as you now has 1.59k subscribers and he now makes music-related content, mostly originals. For those that are curious here is his channel: https://www.youtube.com/c/JimBrowningSongwriter/videos
But Jim not all Indians are scammers just look at Sundar Pichai.
But Jim you really needed this warning so you'll be more careful going forward.
Jim you must have believed it's some Indian scammer taking revenge on you 😂
It seems he scams for fun. You should try to bring him to the good side and hire him. It will be a legendary squad. From the way he is speaking with you it seems he is very young, not sure though.
Another 1.2 Million viewed Channel Deleted and so it continues using the same method that entrapped Jim :-( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6e43Rz__YM
HEY JIM! YOU NEED TO GET ON OFFERUP AND SCAM ALL THOSE SCAMMERS TRYING TO SELL YOU A 20000.00 DOLLAR CAR FOR 1000.00. I LUV TO SEE YOU CRACK THESE GUYS DOWN!!! PLEEEEEEEEESE
9:56 Hello YouTube!
So this was maliciously directed towards you. Kinda in a way to spite scammer killers.
Maybe all of that scammers put hands together to take Jim down 😂😂
A month later.  Where is Jm ?
Thank God, there is way even it popped as permanent deletion
The thing is, you always make your viewers aware about the danger of anyone accessing the highway.
A scammer scammed the scammer of scammers
Thank you for showing humility and telling us how you were scammed and how we can prevent this from happening to us. I like that there is no wrongplaced ego, just facts and truth.
Am I the only one who rushed down to see how many subscribers he has, before finding out that he restored his channel?? Congrats Jim!! That was a close call and a very good lesson to share!
if this guy became a scammer we would all be dead
How to get two factor Facebook account .plz help .lost my fb account 😔😔😔😔😔😔😔
It didn't feel or seem like a scam, for the people that get a phone call from YouTube have won the lottery.
rather ironic, no?
lk
Id like to report a online scam and would like you to expose them which is  going on associated with work from home projects , can you provide me your email so i that i can describe how i was approached and how they wanted me to send me amount
I forgot to mention this in my earlier comment but the only calls I get are robo car insurance calls however I did get one call claiming to be from social security administration it was a robo call I pressed 1 to humor them and they asked for my ssn first thing they said was what is your ssn so i hung up XDDDD
bro up and said "thanks for your feedback, want me to make life miserable for your enemies?"
Take it from a tech savvy person using a new device doesnt generate this email. I wonder if this scam was specifically targeted at certain channels.  Edit:now that I think about it and I'm sure you know this but sometimes even the greatest make a mistake but if there wasn't enough clarity you should have realized sooner but it's ok. Just remember if your unsure then dont do it. I would love to help out on your war against scammers.
Wonder if it’s the same person who got the spiffing Brit.
Thank you so much for sharing and for all you do.
Hey Jim, i know you might not see this, but have you covered the discord "i accidentally reported you" steam account scam? i have fell for it recently and need to find a way to recover my acc before it is perma deleted
I am from Turkey. I looked his isp. That isp have  wifi mesh networks. It works like wifi hotspot on all the city. I think its impossible to find this guy. Bcs he is very carefully.
now that you've shown me, the other Jim Browning looks like he's got some amazing cat videos. Let me check him out................!
New vid jim??
Plot twist - that other Jim Browning was the scammer and he was doing it for the clout
All my files are infected with .hoop malware attack .. Please help me
lol "I'm a super successful scammer - look how much money I make... BTW can I please have some money, I really need it"
Please can you find Steve watson!!!!!
Maybe the scammer meant Syrian pounds when he said "2.5M dollars"
The medical agreement increasingly bounce because underpants supply reach underneath a wistful quartz. alike, disagreeable witch
I can kinda see how you fell for it but I'm still a bit disappointed haha
Welp Jim I Think I know why you got hacked Is Because you made alan Becker (A.k.a alan)account hacked and Want  To fight back against you and Trying to get her Acc back to The Original Owner
To give the scammer some props, you really gotta have some balls to try and scam the Batman of Scamland.
This just like watching L and Kira going against each other😂😂
Glad your back Jim!
Scambuster getting Scammed!  😧 It can happen to the best of us - as you said - the conditions just have to be right! Hang in there and keep on doing what you are doing - an incredible mission!
My account was deleted. I think it's time to move to Trump's social media platform.
There's a good chance he isn't lying about being Syrian and even a little about needing money; there's a massive refugee influx from Syria to Turkey, due to a civil war there. A lot of homeless Syrians beg for money on the streets, because they have a hard time finding jobs due to not having a citizenship and low education.   Doesn't make what he's doing good, of course, but he probably does actually need money very badly.
Did not need to re-subscribe. good that things worked out.
They are literally so dumb for scamming someone who can hack into their CCTV and find their IP address in seconds
He missed the #1 rule of not falling for any of these scams, THE biggest alarm bell should always be why do they need you to do this on the user end?  If there was truly an issue and you were speaking to a YouTube technician they would have the ability to do all of these things from their side. The Amazon refund scam is obviously a scam because Amazon don’t need you to do anything online in order to cancel an account or send you a refund. Just like if there’s a problem with someone ‘hacking’ your internet connection your isp can look into/resolve it without needing you to login to your computer. But it’s that coincidence of having set up the new phone that gives them that window and I just love that Jim has chosen to share all of this to help the wider community. What a class act!
ya, anyone can use google.com, even more frightening. One of my friends was getting ddos, by someone on a game we play. He able to see like were it originated. But it was just coming up that he was getting ddos from google... like wtf xD
He was so careful and yet was still scammed, I would 100% fall for this if it happens to me
@jim browning if you use tineye you can get the actual pic or video that guy had lifted the pic with the park rites from
Hey Jim.. any "Scammer Bingo" content? i miss that
I'm real savvy with computers. I know quite a-lot about them. Used to be big into coding. Did it prevent me from absolutely fucking up my old laptop? No. One wrong move and all my education absolutely went to shit. We fail, we dust ourselves off and we fix the problem again.   You, my man, aren't dumb. Not foolish. No shame in this. They got you off a coincidence- but guess what? Now all of us know what to look out for! Thank you!!
Some google staff are Indians... One was bribed perhaps to bring you down.....
Notice how there is no shit talking in the comments on Jim's videos 😂 nobody wants to get a call from Jim 😂
I don’t want to imagine an internet without Jim Browning
Before u cud figure out with grabify, i understood hes from turkey by the Hi he sent on your watsapp.
I need your help, I get these scam messages like every other day. its a text to my phone but it's a fake random email so I can't block the number, they keep calling me anna and that's not even my name. they won't stop. it's been going on for like 9 months and it's driving me crazy!!!
Another thing these guys do is put a challenge on dark web. They pay money to whoever crack your security setting or hack you.
They hack and clone phones to read your messages and also use same phone model as yours to look into your emails so it appears less suspicious to you. These scammers have been targeting me since 1 year. Its not easy to avoid.  Also you need to know, they use their contacts too who work in companies like YouTube, Google, banks etc. How can you beat that? They take favors from those employees who end up slipping them info.
Sounds like they know your whereabouts. They will target you. You need to take security measures
Looks like this also happened to alan Becker
They do it to me all the time I just start another one
Lol he tried to scam someone who makes videos on how not not get scammed.
Mr Jim. I am talking to scammers right now and I’m wondering if u can help me reveal them plz. I lost $500
oh I don't even read emails
How would I get Jim to take down a scan centre. I have the number for it
Wow. Someone actually scammed Jim Browning...
It prove that everyone can be caught in a SCAM.
-Sherlock Holmes- Jim Browning Vs -Arsène Lupin- Creator Partner- . DAMN.
Fascinating anti-scam contents! I wish I could have known of this Youtube channel much earlier.
I don’t believe a single word from this man. He surely got intentionally scammed so that he can make a video about it
Speedtest is not a real ISP in Turkey. He is probably using a VPN or Proxy. The IP address might have stayed the same because there is a really big lack of IPv4 addresses in Turkey.
Ouch!!!
*ironic*
Jim, there is someone here disguising as you, sharing his number in most comments... Beware of him..
Damn noone is safe is Jim got "scammed"
This means that now the scam mafia has decided to target you and using their contacts yo give you a hard time.
the very first and most important mistake you made that would have instantly stopped this from happening is. if you get contacted like this. dont click any links in the email. instead just manually go to the website in a new browser and open a support ticket manually on your own. that simple action prevents all this from happening. never click links. doesnt matter who its from.
Thanks for posting this. Shows that anyone can be scammed. Even the amazing Jim Browning
So is your discord free?
I admire your ability to share your own mistake with the world. It shows how no one is truly immune to this BS.
Hope you won't get to dating scams or i will lose my job
When are you releasing a new video
Have you ever tried looking into the gaming community scams/hacks? For example the game runescape? I bet you would find alot there
I’m happy you put this out, Jim. It’s humanizing to know how anyone can make a mistake. Thank you. Glad you got your channel back and I hope YouTube/Google address this glaring security flaw.
youtube . com / Jimbrowning redirects me to your channel though
I got my steam hacked, because of the same reason, they looked so legit it was belivable.
"The English is just about okay." Quote stolen from my first grade report card.
I just found your channel, I'm happy to give you a new subscriber! I saw a video from a year ago and loved the content so I hopped over to see if you were still active. I'm happy to see you are. Keep up the great work!
#1 circumstance is to be relevant enough to be hacked on YouTube...I have nothing to worry about lol!
Love your work Jim, am new to your channel. I notice many of your videos focus on Indian refund scams, would love to see you tackle Israeli investment scams (e.g., binary options, cryptocurrency scams). It's a massive industry in Israel.
"Beware of teletubbies bearing gifts. There's a reason why they're so tubby. To Serve Man... it's... it's... a cookbook!" ---Albert Einstein
Everyone is praising Jim Brown, but...why?  It doesn't take a genius to know this was a scam.....
You got your channel back... ❤️ 😎
Really makes you stop and think when even Jim has moments where he lets things slip. Keep vigilant people!
Stop uploading Cheese Pizza STOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPID
Pretty ballsy to attack somebody who has a No Tech Support Scams logo in chat
Yep
Yj
Oh my God I find this hilarious You basically got out scammed by a scammer that’s hilarious
Of course they can undelete a channel. They just don't want to do it.
That didn’t happen to me what happened to me was YouTube’s policies are ridiculous and they gave me my account back after they found out how ridiculous it was just bring up Onision and you’ll get your account back lol
It's not completely impossible the guy is actually in the far North of Syria especially if they are using cellular data. Hell occasionally even wired infrastructure crosses boarders briefly with the provider on the wrong side providing service for logistical reasons. But with mobile signals this is near impossible to avoid because radio signals don't respect made up lines on maps. There does seems to be a few towns in Northern Syria where overlapping signals would not be unexpected.
Hi Jim.. please, please.. continue your noble endeavor, expose and destroy the scammers' resources. You're doing a great job for humanity. Heartfelt thanks from all of us, victims.
Very helpful video. These scammers must burn as much as people they scammed!
Thank you, Jim. This post is worthy of a military medal. You went through hell and back. Proud of you to still be on top.
Caught out at your own game, youtube isn't a livelyhood,  a real job does that,  youtubers were support anyone as it gives them content
So this was targeted directly towards you or just randomly this happened to you?
bruh wtf
UNBELIEVABLE, who could have thought it could happen??  If it can happen to Jim we should all be super careful
bro just doxxed him
Because we’re white. They hate us and everything is now racist. Satan is the accuser the greatest divider on earth 🌍.
THIS IS LIKE A MOVIE!!!!!  HOW CAN PEOPLE BE SUCH LOSERS THAT THEY SPEND THEIR WHOLE LIVES DOING THIS?!!!!
Keep doing the good job man!!
" I am youTube" hahaha, the guy literally hosts lots of videos on his body probably.
If I understood the ending of the video correctly, that means when searching for Jim Browning the other guy show before you do. The other Jim Browning should take down his channel just due for the respect you deserve for what you do to help others on your channel. I have great respect to all you & other like you for taking down scammers. I wish I knew what you guys do cause id be right there helping. Its just unforgiving & very sad what these scammers do to the elderly.
Dude we have missed you, welcome back :) :D
I wondered where you went! I only just found this channel again because it just completely disappeared. Glad you got it back!
thank you jim for this video. actually its not the knowledge that we acquire but its the mental state that makes us follow steps and get us scammed. sorry for bad english.
Ohhhhhh. A Worthy challenger!
Hey man, Ya got on Japanese TV "Marumie"? Great Work man.
Jim Browning gives me those Ashens vibes, british man who knows his stuff, making a usually boring subject very very interesting, along with james may.
welcome back, boss.
Out of ALL the people to try and scam, this man chose the one and only scammer clammer Jim browning
so basically the scammers' scammer got scammed ?!
Jesus loves you
Jim you should know better.
Jim, you're a bad person. It's almost 4am and I can't seem to stop watching your videos. Shame on you. Otherwise you're a real life cyber batman
Okay so as a linguistics maniac, just reading the first chat they sent put me off. Here's why: 1. "Please note that we have noticed that you have [...]" Putting 'that' twice in the same sentence so close to each other is a big no-no if you want your text to sound professional and roll off the tongue nicely. They should've started their sentence  at "we". 2. They indicate that there is a duplicate AdSense account, but show no proof of this. They should cite the name of the account or have a link somewhere here. And the first S in AdSense should be capitalised. 3. "[...]and as a result We will permanently [...]"  Wtf was that? They're just gonna skip a line and put a capital letter in the middle of a sentence where a comma should be? NO. EW. 4. "Try chat" should be in quotes. 5. "[...]unintended behavior" Where's the period? Also, that's just a really weird choice of words. 6. "We are waiting for your reply" Again, no period. And it's not signed, wtf? Whoever wrote this has a really slippery grasp of punctuation and professionalism. The wording here also indicates that you cannot opt out of contacting them. Red flags everywhere for me.  Really glad you got your account back! :)
It was a blessing in disguise. You were able to get your channel back plus make this video to make other people aware
Will buyyouacoffee
So is Jim Browning a hacker that is for the greater good?  A robinhood?
mindblowing, luv this guy! We are all just humans and make mistake, noone will  blame you on it.  You risk your channel and get it back baby! I don´t get everything you explain, but- you never stop learning, right?! ;)  good work dude, great to have you in the front of this battlefield. Without you, this "war" won´t be able to win ;) (well it´s an endless fight I´m afraid, but you know what I mean XD)
Jim this is not you but a clone in your comments look at are conversation an your name is not right trying to add me on what's app
Another thought for you Jim - send the details of the scammer to the turkish tax authorities as I doubt he paid tax on that self-admitted 2 million dollar income - should give him a few fun days either bribing his way out or being interrogated.
*Accunt* LoL nice accent
Didn't need to resubscribe... already subscribed still
They are getting better
Glad you're back!
Anti scammer gets scammed rip
Simply the best and funniest video so far! Hunter becomes the hunted! For a brief period of time though! Very educational and entertaining! Glad you made this video.
good to see  you are back
the good ol "scammer got scammed" sheeesh! 🤨😨🤣
I just messed with a scammer it is funny because they broke a keyboard
scammer: "you cant defeat me! i AM youtube"
@jimbrowning No shame on this. Im sure this made you a better version that you already are. What about doing a payback?  Hit scammers much harder than before.
Your humility in posting your own scamming is truly inspiring.
You shd sue Youtube for misleading alert boxes
if he actually had access to that 16,000 he wouldnt be trying to get only 100 from paypal from you
Ouch - embarrassing slip up!!
its a payback time of the scammers,,,😔😔gota do something bro
The end was hilarious 😂😂😂
That with one exception part was hilarious
I'm happy for that you got your channel restored.  I dont know how anyone could give this video a thumbs-down.
Even Jim Browning gets scammed. What chance do the rest of us have?
Hard luck Jim. Just one of those things mate. What goes around comes around.  Good bad and  Indfernt.
Jim sounds like my friend
Jim Browning is real life Batman. Na na na na na na.
YOU GOT BACK YOUR CHANNEL ID!! CONGRATZ!~ Sorry to the other Jim Browning lolllll
In som parallel universe, Jim is the smartest hacker in that verse.
Honestly all we can do is expose these scammers the only ones who can really change India are Indians themselves I wish they would rise up and voice out their concerns and dissatisfaction. Just like the people power here in the ph
My goodness. This scammer is a real beast! Crazy!
I appreciate this video. Not only is he man enough to admit he made a mistake, but he's turning it into a learning experience. As a victim of fraud myself, I can say that you're my hero, Jim. Keep fighting the good fight, and I look forward to your next upload.  Oh and if you're wondering, don't worry, I may have been scammed but I got my money back, and my accounts are secure.
Hello!  The other day, I saw Jim Browning's wonderful performance on a Japanese TV program.   We support from far away Japan!  I wish you the best!  👍
I would have caught this right away because of the lack of punctuation. Should have contacted youtube independently before doing ANYTHING
Keep it up, Jim! You're an example for the honest people out there.
Good to see you back.
Imagine having to confirm if the other person is scammer/hacker or not and in order to do that, you have to spend hours and hours on it, just because you are doing the justice for innocent people that are tricked by hackers, scammers...
Amazing story Jim. Thanks for sharing. You're an (inter)national treasure.
Thank you brother for all the great videos. I need your help. It’s an emergency how can I contact you ?
Where are you!?!
Hey Jim! I recently found you and love what you do and was wondering if you've ever had people or have heard of people encountering scammers via Steam and Discord? I just had it happen to me and was wondering if that at all interests you
You pissed off the scammers Jim …
Were all your videos restored? New sub that wants to see more, I can only see about 85 vids
Try an image search with that screenshot
The only time I ever clicked a link that wasn't *legit* was a bait email from the company I work for.   They occasionally send them out to catch people who should know better.  But, as I told my boss,  the ONLY reason I clicked it was the perfectly timed coincidence having to do with my Amazon account and an issue I was dealing with on it at the time with them.     I missed a single line of misspelling within the email.  Felt so embarrassed after regardless of the coincidence.   Still,  better that it wasn't a real scam at least and boy did it teach me this same lesson.  It really can happen to anyone.
Really? You didn’t realise? Were you drunk?
I assume that this scammer is one of your subscribers
This is kinda ironic ngl.
This is bloody disgusting these scammers can continue. I really think sometimes that these big tech people allow so much of this shit to continue- for example a friend of mind recently got a new phone number though a cheap provider. He disconnected from that after a month because of the scam calls etc but also there were members of public calling that number and thinking they were ringing a friend?? How do scammers get hold of phone numbers that come from within your own country and when you call them back they are disconnected??? There is something going on…… and someone is being paid off!!
In that screenshot the viewers, watch times and subscribers were greatly decreased indicating that he might have hacked the account but wasn't posting any worthwhile content and people realising it was hacked because the original creator might have informed them about it
lol.
Geeeeeeeeeeeeeeeez thankfully you got your channel back jim!
Hey where can I put scam call centre numbers Ive been kind of playing with them. They get P.... Off really quickly so I'm pretty sure their not real call centres.
lol this IP is still active???
love what u do, only im afraid..what if you run into seriously bad ppl. and I do mean bad. there are usually tons of hacker's out there like you but what if u run into an international criminal organization. or something. 'official' with government ties? hope you have fbi & maybe cia connections.🙏🙏
So much intelligence and skill wasted on fast cash.
I know I’m not the only one waiting for the next video it’s been a long time lol
You should go after job scammers, I have plenty of emails from the assholes.
I wonder how you could take Cash App down because I've been scammed before and they did not help me at all and it's still happening nowadays 😒
As a Syrian we disown this guy and he also could be Turkish cuz they hate us as hell.
Scammers scammer was scammed
Looks like you got /jimbrowning back
Please compose and release an  'anti-scam script'  I cant wait to waste some time 😎
Loves you videos any chance you can look at my pc tell me what's wrong with it please
Cool, you got it back. Enjoy watching your videos
I am legend!… I mean I’m YouTube  Damn scammers. Thanks for the education Mr Browning.
Oh? The two exploiter's have been exploited (SpiffingBrit/JimBrowningTech). Oooooo I see more exploits coming. Subscription earned.
Anyone else came here because of the spiffing brit?
You should move to Rumble, you have amazing content.
Y'all, why do I always get spam calls with waiting music on the other line 😭😭
then how are you make this vid
my jaw dropped when i saw he was from my own country what the fuck why is he from turkey... as a turkish person myself he disappoints me
Glad your channel was retrieved.  We are in your debt.  I have noticed a recent decline in scam attempts on me.  I think scambaiters are winning the war gradually, step by step.
I wanna wait for Jim to attack this scammer
I AM YOUTUBE :D :D
Why did youtube lie to him about not being able to restore his channel? YouTube support sucks.
Thank you so much for this video and all the work you do.  Much Respect.
I usually don’t even click or read google emails or any email that I didn’t expect or need. But you did mention that in ur video, about it being a coincidence and that the email wasn’t suspicious initially.
Perfect recommendation from Pleasant Green.
.
Would you be able to teach me how to scambait and take down scamming operations?
Bu da gösteriyor ki ülkemizin çok ciddi bir göçmen problemi var.
Everybody needs a hero. Here is your cyber guardian. Humble,does not want anything from you but your well being, has the mind and power to change not only 1 but all the countries in the world. Theres not enough words to express how i feel seeing justice being at its finest like this.
kasian bet kalo dia liat video ini wkwkwkwk malu ampe bunuh diri
wowww !! thank you for the details of all this clear and smart explanations, and thank you for the french translation !! wish you much more experience which make you better and better in your professionalism matter ! you are simply so amazing ! love the way you are
What Country?   :India? -Surprised😂
oh the irony...
How can I reach Jim? I really really need his help! I do not have a twitter account!
Do you now despise your new phone?
My account has been hacked. please I need support
Hey Jim i have a mom of 70 and luckily she has me. But it is so sad that these punks can do this. Keep knocking them down. You are awesome.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OH and the screenshot could be of spiffing brits account as he fell for the same scam while he was taking a vacation, i believe he went through the whole process so the scammer may have had access to the account for a short time.
I’d almost learn to weld in order to volunteer to weld shut the lids to seal these scum into 55 gallon barrels!!
@Jim Browning .Did the scammer ask you for work like he did with spiffing brit?
the scammers let you deleted your channel
hey jim your channel deleted by the scammers
I'm so glad everything ended well for you, Jim. Keep on doing what you do, and I'm looking forward to your next video.
When two sharingan meets
He scam stopper? It would have said brand new account not new brand account and should of said channel and* videos😂😂Lemme get in on this to make hella money off youtube. That's his plan. Too get money for himself. Non of his type videos cost him any pocket money or really any at all
Try catching a minecraft scammer. You'll get MAD VIEWS
Because your comment section, and the owners of America are Asian and they believe in censorship
Glad things worked out for you but what a scare-I saw support for you on P’s channel
Seems like something I do on a daily  basis
plot twist: Jim intentionally let his channel to get hacked to have this content 🔥
king
The only thing I don't understand - why youtube need any owner's actions to restore its channel. They definitely can do this on their own only.
0:36, don't you need a google account to have a yt account at all?
You should wear a cape sir
Mr. Jim do a video on SCAMMERS on dating websites like plenty of fish.  There are more SCAMMERS on POF than computer scammers now.
Even with this, you kept your critical thinking COOL.  Nice heads up. I been watching your divine moves for a long long tyme now. We got your bak.!?
I can tell a scammer doesn't end their sentences with a PERIOD!
Glad to have you back. 😘, Please make sure the scammers gets what they deserve.
Glad your accounts back
Youtube, gave this man his verified back!
_IM YOUTUBE_   _I kinda feel bad for this scammer_ 🤣
Not gonna lie it’s kinda funny a YouTuber that disrupts scams on a daily falls for a scam 🤣
Hmmm. The fact the scammer said, do you hate some people who you want to get their channel? That gives me the impression this was an attempt at spear phishing and that some other scammer had put them up to it out of revenge.
So a scammer scammed a scammer that scammed scammers I got it 👍 🙃 🤪
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 a scam baiter got scammed 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Dammnn
does jim have an insta?
Thank you being transparent about this.
This video shows that even a profi like him can be tricked. So scammer will be always dangerous!
I bet the 1.1k downvotes are the scammers whose modus operandi got busted...
That looks like an old screen shot from social blade.
Wow Jim was scammed.  Shows how vulnerable we all are.
Today i just found your channel and was watching more then 6 hours continue i really like your contact and i proud about what you do and when i saw this video i shy my self that scammer was from syria for that on my name and in name every one good from syria say to you so sorry about what happened and keep going in your conant we support you to the end  I don't know how to help you i have little knowledge about programming but any help you want i do i here for you. Best regard.
If this guy can get scammed, then anyone can
What if the scammer used to work for YouTube? It would make sense that he would use one of their procedure at is advantage, no?
scammers scam the scammer scammer.
Thank you for being candid about it happening to you. A lot of people think they’d never be fooled.
Lame
LOL @ all the gullible people who actually think he would 'fall' for such a basic scam. Sad this respected Youtuber has resulted to generating hollywood-esque content that is scripted.
kudos for you! greetings from Tricity in Poland!
Looks like Engineering Today channel was hit yesterday and briefly replaced by a crypto currency advert ... now thankfully gone. Let’s hope YouTube notice this activity and put in place some extra controls to protect creators.
struth!  so happy you got back Jim
Well well, how turns have tabled...
Oh my god they've got you!!
I mean I love your videos man but what sweet irony lol
Jim can you help me??
Came here from Charlie's channel
hey jim, i recently discovered a new scam. it’s advertised as “Beastly Sponsored” claiming its Mr. Beast himself and that if you visit said link and enter your paypal information, you will receive $1,000. i’m not sure if anyone has been scammed yet, but anyone who knows Mr. Beast may see this and not bat an eye as he’s such a giving creator. I worry some people will fall for the trick and am reaching out for your help!! love your videos, keep up the white hat hackin my boi   (if we could rack the likes up to get him to see this and help that’d be great!!)
Well ... as you said everyone can be scammed.  This reminds me my situation with Tinder.  Long story short ... i was matched with some Taiwanese chick (which was fake account of course) ... and she claimed to be a financial advisor.  She (rather he ... ;) ) showed me some suggestive screenshots that she was making a lot of money by investing some crypto Currency (i don't remember exact name).  And as you probably know by know she tried to convince me to invest in ...  Fortunately i have a habit to researching everything when i have to make decisions involving my money ...etc.  Quickly find out that picture that scammer was using doesn't exist on social media..., his English was not his first language and there was no information about crypto currency he showed me.  I message a link to this scammer with story of guy who got scammed with painfully similar pattern ... and lost a lot of money.  After that scammer stopped pretending ...
Hi Jim. I just found your amazing videos today :) I was wondering if you have any weblog or website where you talk about software engineering. I am an electrical engineer and I am trying to study coding/software on my own and am looking for some insights as it is not my major. Not sure if you get a chance to see my comment. Any way, keep up the good works!
Ironic
Hey man sorry to sound annoying but can you stop the Scammers from Steam? There is so many of them in Steam! Just asking.
Hey Jim, waiting for you to come back. We miss you!
Good day sir Jim Browning need help  my YouTube channel have been take down by STAR INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED
Dude the whole squad got was ready to fight, you had kitboga, hugvbees and odd1sout here.
Even the mighty fall sometimes.
Please enter your password into this Google Docs form. No.
I just got the same message while watching this video.  I hope Google and YouTube do something
You really sound like https://youtu.be/HwW_flxbwiA man
If I'm from the military, I would hire you and drone strike the scammers.
Now..... Avenge them.
"Anyone can be scammed, the circumstances just need to be right" couldn't give any better advice myself! Nothing related to team viewer but was nearly, very very nearly in deep with a scam which thankfully I was able to pull the plug with. Ask questions, keep asking them and don't stop until you get proof. 👍
No need to resuscribe here Its still as before! Thanks Jim.
Scary stuff if even you can be fooled. Glad you are back though
Yeah, the best way to scam people is: Grab them by the balls! If your are emotionally compromised, you are as vulnerable as a blind noob. Good example and thanks for sharing!
Yah i see these days some amazon job fraud is going on and also i suspect my 1 friend is also doing a scam on ziglo or something in chandigarh india.
He is a scam but not really.?. Like idek, that much money would be so helpful for my college its upsetting that people get away with it when my parents work so hard honestly to gain legit notneven close to what he makes.
So, this guy always records his screen…  What if one scammer orchestrates videos about exposing other scammers to gain views and monetize it? 🤔
Can any one help me. Is modelskit a scam? Or a real child modelling business x
You are  such a calm person when dealing with scammers
@Jim Browning thanks for sharing! man these scumbag scammers have 0 morals and integrity :( in the end, another fine lesson. I appreciate you so much man! :)
Alternative video, "I scammed Jim Browning".
I didn't even know about you until I saw the same thing happened recently to Alan Becker, the creator of Animation vs. Animator. I'm glad you got your channel back.
Patreon is a censorship kingpin.  Use locals.com for true freedom.
A scammer hater gets SCAMMED
That dude didn’t read what every google form says. *Never submit passwords through Google Forms*
So crazy! Glad you were able to get your channel back.
Scammer goes through all that effort and only asks for $100 lol
Jim Browning new story arc just dropped.
Even a genius can get fooled every so often.
How Can I connect You ??
I just wanna say I’m so sorry. You do amazing wonderful things all the time to help innocent people! You truly are one of my heroes please don’t ever change! And you’re right about scammers when they get called out they’re immature and so they say the most ridiculous stuff just very immature stuff and hang up and run away, so thank you for being a true grown-up and mature to be able to deal with people like this it has to be hard.
Congratulations for your channel been back
This video was very comforting to watch. I haven't watched your channel before, but I'm going to. I got suckered into a gift card scam today, everything has been sorted and everything I paid will be refunded. In hindsight there were loads of red flags, but like you there were circumstances that made it easy for me to fall for it; a lack of sleep, as well as disability & mental illness impacting my ability to make rational decisions under stress. It helps knowing anyone can fall for it, it doesn't impact who I am.
Great work jim.
Hey Jim, when is the new video coming out? Can't wait to see you shutting down another call centre!
I’m a fresh new sub from after your channel came back. I love your channel, I’m also in the middle of going to school for cyber security. Any advice? Or where I need to start?
obvious the guy is small fry when he asked for just 100 bucks lol surprised you got done really, only thing i look at is email and close.
Do a video on brtankz
Jim is basically Bob Ross of hacking
:(
Wow i'm chocked that a Guy like you Can be scammed. Fortunately i dont have YouTube Channel  Good job tho  Welcome back
Just proof that it can literally happen to anyone, Jim. Gosh, it’s like talking to Dr Lecter isn’t it? Make him feel powerful and accomplished and you’ll get your “thanks I’ll help you now”. Good man, Jim!
Also had a scamming woman from 'microsoft' with an foreign accent today named 'anna'...it baffles me even more because i am in germany and there are not a lot of people that even speak english here.  So i told her 'you are not from microsoft, you are a scammer bevakooph' and hang up.  It is sad that the indian government is unable and/or unwilling to do anything against this, it spreads like a desease
Well it's good to have you back...
👍
How does he ha k the scammers?
Huh how
How do you not know how to check these phishing hacks for how good you’ve been this is lacking
Jim we need a Extended Car Warranty scammers deep dive.
Hi sir can you help me to detect the scammer who steal my money
I was fucked up by scammer help me
I've long said that our one saving grace is the hubris of the scammers, which prevents them from improving things like their broken English.  If they ever stopped to think whether they're pronouncing "desktop" right, or getting idioms correct, we'd be in serious trouble.  Seems like these guys did some stopping and some thinking.  [edit]: Nevermind, just saw that he wasn't Indian, lulz.
13:40 Pretty sure that screenshot was taken from when the Ricegum controversy arose around 2016 when one video he posted displayed the amount of money he makes in a month
Scammer achievement un-fucking-locked!
Wow Jim got flat handled.
I'm getting at least 3 scam calls a day at the moment... its ridiculous... from Ebay to Amazon and the one I just had was someone telling me my router is malfunctioning due to illegal activity and would be disconnected in 4 hours if I didn't buy a new one. I said to him "Don't you need to know who my provider is to disconnect my service" *long pause* "I'm from NBN Australia" .... "They're not my provider" and he hung up. So many people would fall for this.
Take down satanusa on tiktok!! He is a scammer and boasts about it on tiktok
11:14 when your profile picture is literally “tech support scams” with a cross through it 😂
Same stuff ugh if you are tech savvy with js let me know contact me if not today I hope tomorrow
Whilst my data’s being sold on as an easy target to scam, Jim’s data’s being sold on for targets to avoid
Thankfully this video still hit my dashboard and I was able to resubscribe!  Thanks for all you do Jim!
As the saying goes, "remind yourself that overconfidence is a slow and insidious killer"
Wait... How do I know I'm watching the REAL Jim Browning? 🧐
Damn, that must've been scary
impossible, someone actually managed to scam the professional scam baiter. glad everything's well now but that's kinda impressive considering you feats.
I'd call these people parasites, but that would be insulting parasitic worms.
I bet that scammer was so proud of himself lol
I propose that we treat scammers like pedophiles and when sending them to prison they should be charged as an actual pedophile and I hope they have fun inside prison labelled as one.
I think I know who pulled this off. Not sure. But after I did a video on Scamming Pleasant Green's Subscribers, he said he would show me something better. Then asked if I know Jim Browning, I said yes. Why? He said, just watch.  This was a long time. 🤔 I wish I can still reach out to this guy
Scammer: I want to scam Jim Browning.  Dungeon Master: Roll for good luck.  Scammer: (Rolls a D20)  Dungeon Master: Jim just so happened to have bought a new phone, lowering his guard to YouTube scams by 98% right as you strike.
I got anxiety when you clicked "delete channel" and "move channel" even though I knew your channel was safe right before my eyes...
Couldn't the screenshot just be an "inspect element" thing?
New adventure bro!!
For those of you that want to help, go to patreon and sign up to a small donation a month, I did. With more funds Jim can save others less fortunate and realistically I spend more on lottery tickets 😆. Join the fight.
I'd say I'm pretty good with online security but it seems like some scammers are stepping up their games. I got an email from Hulu saying I was owed a refund. The email address was the same as other emails I had gotten from Hulu. The formatting was very similar to real Hulu emails and there were no spelling errors. I almost clicked on the link in the scam email but I decided first I was going to Google it. Sure enough it was a scam. If it wasn't for that quick second thought I probably would have lost all of my money and had my identity stolen.
F2A can still be bypassed by using a Mitm attack, but it would be nearly impossible.
The Legend is FUCKIN BACK LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOO MAN I MISSED YA RS 💯💯💯💯💯💯
Sorry bud but you got owned by a scammer 😂
What a dummy
The biggest redflag is a google representative actually got in touch with you. I've been trying to regain access to my Gmail after I lost my phone. I've been using that phone for a long time and never had an instance where I need to log my email in to another device so I've forgotten my password.  I had my telcom restore my phone number but funny thing is, google still sents the OTP to the email that I dont have any access to. Funny right?
Time to hack YouTube
The comment section in a nutshell:  50% of the comments are happy he is back 50% of the comments saying how anyone even the smartest person can get scammed
"I'm YouTube"   We should all fear his power
I started to laugh when Jim gave him the old Back at ya bitch with the IP grab xdd go on JIM!!!
Omg unbelievable, all ur hard work and all scamming ways u knee yet u fall, but mistakes makes u better :) best of luck
It's harder to search for the other jim browning now though
Damn, even the best can be defeated.
Jim, the screenshot of the "YouTube Channel's Views/Revenue" at 13:05, I've seen it before.  I'm about 80% convinced it was on a channel called "Make Money Matt" and more specifically a video he uploaded to prove he is not a scammer.
Batman foiled the jokers plot awesome @jimbrowning
I have found the most terrifying man on YouTube. I can stop searching. Nice.
I was wondering what had happened to you, Jim.  Glad to see that you were able to finally restore your account.  What a hassle!  I would have been fooled too, it all looked very legit.  Just goes to show we all have to be on guard.  Thanks for sharing!  This could really help someone else!
You weren't scammed, you had been tricked
Wow 😮
Glad to see that you are okay.  I can't wait for your next video.
If I messed up the job, I would ask how I convinced you too... Should've said you played along and nothing fooled you, because chances are he'll take your feedback and just up his game to make it less sus  Then again he would do that regardless :/
Anyone can fall to Phishing and Social Engineering tactics. It is a harsh reality.
I got scammed yesterday on a fake pay pal support number but one of the charges I was calling for failed during our call so that made it believable.
I am so pleased you got every item back I was scam by of all things POST  OFFICE ALTHOUGH not the real one but as soon as she said what is your bank account I put phone down
Very glad to see you back!!!!
Hi Jim, can you try to check And confirm if it was Homograph URL Fraud?  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IDN_homograph_attack
watch the video in 1,5x speed
Still subscribed!
Get him
I swear I was subscribed.. then I wasn't..  I wondered why I wasn't hearing your awesome voice
Can't delete my yt channel if I don't have one
Just imagine if jim was a scammer. The second you called, he would have access to everything you own, married your wife, moved in with you, met your dad, and ate all your eggs with how efficient he is    Edit: 3.6k likes from an egg joke. Nice
Jim,  You should connect with other content developers that are getting scammed by this scammer, this way you could reconnect with him. Def would be an interesting video, confronting him with his name. Imagine his look of " I fucked with the wrong YouTuber"
I cant believe you fell for this.
@Jim Browning  Just letting you know that the Japanese TV spoke of you yesterday night! Concerning your work against scammer from India. You're internationally famous!
😱😱😱😱😱 The trials and tribulations of being distracted!! This is how a scammer almost stole my Steam account!!!! Phew I'm glad you got this resolved!!! How frustrating!
submit the phishing spoof to their team or bug bounty team
ironic says palpatine
Brilliant video Jim, Just brilliant!
I'm here because of Penguinz0
Wow that really sucked!!
jokes on you, i dont have an adsense account at all
How is he so smart and so dumb at the same time?  "Send $100 pls"  "I made almost two and a half million dollars"
I think we all know who did it..... it was Jim Browning #2, trying to get you out of his way!
Wow, that's a bummer. Would have never expected that
You didn't think that rober guy just wanted to piggy back off your passion to have the top viewed video did you? he's in it to be the only one! nah im just saying that, but you may want to be overly cautious aiming big with something that will eventually piss off someone with money power and no conscience whatsoever. If the authority have ever told you to back off because of an investigation, I'd bet it was an investigation into something far more violent than phone scamming. Anyway just be careful. hope you got the channel back
isnt the seemingly official address just an example of email spoofing? like when people send you emails from what appears to be your own email address even though your account credentials havent been compromised. also is it customary for youtube to do its dealings with creators in a live chat and not just through back and forth emails or user initiated phone calls?
How do we stop this? I know it's a balance. U need money, they need money. Hope enemy doesn't have upper hand! This seems like an easy fix.
as bayrakları as
Yo man, check out Tankz, he promotes scamming and even sells his methods of scamming... Any ideas on how Jim could take him down guys?
That screenshot is fake, I know exactly who that is, I told the owner of the account with that screenshot, he said he wanted to stay anonymous
BBC ONE NOW MATE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You should Rick Roll the scammers
Wow. Jim.. saved in d nick of time except for that last glitch on google.. good to have your channel back  🤘🏼
I know what you mean by anyone can be scammed if the situation is right (or wrong) it wasn't youtube or anything, it was while starting my apartment hunt with my fiance last year. We were so desperate to get out of the home of my abusive family that we blanked on logic a bit and actually sent money to these people, claiming to have an apartment that fit all our requirements...in our city, rent within our budget they were friendly and personable with my fiance who was the one making contact.... it was awful. (They even were using the pandemic as the reason why we needed to send them money, because they were in the UK and flights were cancelled...)
Good to have you back Jim browning  your  channel is a godsend to many
i'm also from Syria, i hate being the same nationality as this scammer but i think it doesn't matter, just keep destroying these scammers good luck :)
that pic from revenue was from dreams vid
The URL is available again Jim!
Damn this hacker probably about fell out of his chair when Jim Browning joined the google chat
丸見えから
テレビで見た人いる？
Japan!! 日本ではあなたが有名です。 なぜならTVで放送されたからです。
世界まる見え見て来ました！
世界まる見えから。犯罪者の顔はどんどん晒してほしい
今テレビでやってるー
Im watching the japanese TV show ur in. Keep it upp!
Glad your channel is back, but if this happened to small channels, only god should save them. YouTube support for small channel is very bad.
you can not be scammed if you never read your emails
now youtube.com/jimbrowning goes back to this channel again
I am legitimately impressed with this scammer. Very well done scam. It takes some guts to target the guy with "Tech Support Scams" as profile picture. Let alone succeeding at it. Insanely convincing to me. I would have fallen for it. Granted I wouldn't have been a target because I don't do much with YouTube except comment on videos haha. Glad you got your account back.
You can tell it’s a scam because there’s incorrect capitalization…
As a Turk, I can't decide if should i feel proud that this Turkish man almost scammed Jim or feel disgusted that he is a scammer. Probably latter one but damn.
Welcome back! Scam-baitters are essential. Stay awesome!
If Jim Browning can get tricked !!  the rest of us is doomed.
oh Jim, you browned.
My first suspicion would have been that a real employee seamed like he cared and wanted to help. Big red rlag.
Jim Browning : almost falls for a scam atempt  *realizes it *quickly uses uno-reverse card
The irony of this video
Yo bro is there anyway delete my Instagram account has been hacked how do i delete it or how can you restore it
I wouldn't want to mock you. But lol, why do you delete your own account, when they are threatening you. Deleting your account is the ultimate threat they have. Even if you believe it's real (though that is itself one contradiction), don't just immediately do the extreme yourself, but contest them.
I'm glad everything ended well for you, Jim. This sort of thing can happen to literally anyone, no matter how prepared to deal with such scams one is.
Can you download file encrypter on scammers pc
I searched Jim Brown, and got directed to your channel
Damn scary to see you got caught by a scammer. Any tips on how not to receive any scam emails in gmail , if so please share a video on it. I keep receiving atleast 40 ad/scam emails per day which I have to delete manually.
Hey Jim, could you tell me what kind of education you went through to be able to do all this stuff? Im a big fan and I wanna work in software development.
Glad your account was back but this is funny 😅😅
People who know me know I am a paranoid mother*****r, But Jim Browning getting scammed?! now I am really scared...
15:25  You're probably smiling here
imagine being the guy who tricked jim to delete his channel..... must be a chick magnet in kolkata
What?
If this scammer becomes your assistant, we all will be very happy.
9:05  nO
Aaaah future is so bright...
"nO" - youtube support scammer 2021
Even those with plenty of knowledge on scamming or other matters can have weaknesses in this. But you learned something new from all this and hey, you got your channel back to my pleasant surprise! Not many people are lucky enough to retrieve what was theirs. Take care, dude. You did the right thing to bring this news out to all of us.
I'm disappointed ☹️.. I thought you are better than this..
I'm so glad you are back, damn so sorry you had to go through this. I love so much your channel and content, you are so professional and polite in showing how these scumbags act towards their victims. Thank you so much for this video which showed three important things imho:  1) everyone can be scammed, if even people like you who have tons of experience risked or fell for this, then we all can fall for this. 2) scammers, just like phages, evolve rapidly and create more sophisticated weapons to attack us. So just like bacteria, we must evolve and adapt to these change and strategies to minimise the potential damage. 3) Google email notification system can be exploited by people like these, so Google and YT should really implement their security and try to let this happen.  Keep the amazing work up!
Haha him trying to recruit you is everything haha!!
Why the hell would they tell you they can't recover it. Jesus, I can only imagine how many people accept that answer and never recover it.
Im shocked
It's probably a angry scammer
"none of this seemed in any way risky" - greatest of scams 3:52 start asking questions when "none of this seemed in any way risky", take another angle
Thanks for sharing
Damn. If Jim can be scammed, we all can be lol.   Glad you got it back man.
I also got unsubscribed recently and didn't myself
The Google Form at 7:13 says in the footer that the form "was created inside Google". How did the scammer achieve that? When I publish a form using my own Google Account there is a warning at that same location stating that the creator of the form is not affiliated with Google.
It just prooves that we are all human. Actually I am relieved because all your videos show godlike skills.
lesson learned we musnt lose you, Jim
Jim:teaching you how not to get hacked *Jim gets hacked
after watching a bunch of your videos i was able to recognize a scammer trying to go after a friend of mine, thank you for all the wonderful content!
Im confused how does a scammer make money from seizing your channel?
Scammer get scammer scammed
So if you got scammed given the right conditions ... Always the sense of urgency should pose a red flag, that's the infosec 101 and what I've relearned from this. Leave it for 1 day and recheck... Good you're back.
13:30 This can be faked using DevTools/Inspect Element on any Popular Browsers.
it's usually the racial undesirables acting like this. no wonder that he was from turkey.
Glad I never respond to anything ever 😅  Also glad it was all resolved 💯👌👌
The Spiffing Brit had the exact same scam happening to him. Glad that you got your Channel back.
I just started watching this channel from a rabbit hole dug from PenguinZ’s YouTube apology tiger list, and damn this guy is good, I now know how to make a grabify link!!!
Youtube is so rubbish  Doesnt allow to show the identity of scammers because of stupid privacy It was  because Google expecting to start a YouTubescam
Man, I wish you would do a full tutorial on how to do some of the things you do, including tools and ways to reverse connection. You are a good man, keep up the good work!
Scammer scammer got scammed by a scammer
why can't this content be on tv? 7 billion people needs teaching.
@Jim Browning sir I also want to be like you. I also want to expose scammers. My question is that how can I be as good as you in technical knowledge. Please sir reply me. As when I search youtube they say hack WhatsApp and facebook. But literally I dont want to learn hacking. I want to be like you and expose scammers. Sir how can I become like you???
I Will surely help you
Hello Sir I m from north East india... Here are many scammers running their operations here... Plz do something.. Once ago my father was scammed... And lost about 60000rupees
Oh my God! That's so messed up.
hello Jim, I have left you an email, that is very important, I had my amazon account taken over yesterday, hacked completely I don't know if this has happened to anyone else but I feel you may need to warn people, to be careful as I nearly lost well over a thousand pound.
omg, i bet half india was amused at first.  happy end, very honest video
Welcome back Jim x
this s happening to a lot of the channels I watch. crazy shit man. glad it got sorted.
I understand how it happened and everything but it still causes me to not take you as seriously now and that sucks. I can't force myself to not feel this way. I think you should have never said anything and just fixed it and moved on. Yeah sure it will help other in the long run but it hurts you a lot.
"...but I haven't heard of them since."  You end SO MANY videos like that, you almost sound like you're telling horror stories.  "The police sent the murderer to jail, but I was still paranoid about it. I asked the police if I could go see and make sure the murderer was truly apprehended... but I haven't heard of them since."
This is why I trust nothing in my inbox...unless it's something wanting to increase my "manhood" by 6 inches. I'll click those IMMEDIATELY.
sir dish is taaknikal Support Calling from Californniya ..but i speak fake british accent ....🥲
Thanks for your great job Jim!  I've had bad experiences for the past years. the last time was two days ago, I saw a giveaway "Live event " posted on Youtube,   I sent them 3k+ USD, but got nothing back. I realized it was a scam. I hate those scammers, they carry bad Karma, I hope people don't fall victims. I wonder how to get them arrested?
Don't worry they got me after 38 year's, and I'm very tech savvy, bank blocked them. They are getting alot better.
Glad to see you back Jim!!!awesome content once again!
Honestly 100% I would've fallen for this.
Jim, I got scammed. Can you I contact you for help shutting down the people?
Uh, the formatting of the initial message is already a big red flag. During the messages he also says "new brand channel" rather than "brand new channel".
Great video on owning up to your very own Ls. But you gotta take sum in this life before you hit the Ms. Bless up Jim!
Ngl, you got absolutely dunked on by that guy. Mind boggling how you even thought YouTube support would be that quick to respond to messages. Crazy.
I’m so glad that your channel is back in one piece! 🌸🍃💝
Respect to you Jim, respect
I remember I shipped my car to a different state and they called me that they find my car has drugs and blood the scammer was acting like A detective I didn't know first but after I noticed at the end was asking me about my bank account 🤣 I give him the wrong one he almost scammed me. My friend if you get an email you not sure about do not click on it. My good friend from Asia is a student scammers call him and told him his in trouble and he needs to pay money they were acting like police " remember do not send them money " they will have sensetive information but don't not be scared or send money. Be safe out there don't put your personal information on google or "Save password".
Glad you are back Jim. I just subbed.  Heard about you through a bunch of other channels I frequent.
Saved by the age-old rule of NEVER SHARE YOUR PASSWORD, good job :)
he’s a scumbag for what he does to people, but the fact he kept religiously replying to your questions and even agreed to exchange contact information means he must be desperately lonely. kind of depressing
Wait..you got scammed?
Can you please make a tutorial of how to find infos of a phone number? All the videos currently in YouTube doesn't work
Unfortunately, 2SA is useless. Like Facebook, you can setup the 2SA with different methods like phone text message, google code, mail, etc.. But if you can't verify the 2SA, you or the hacker in this situation, can choose another 2SA method to use. He just have to use your password to add a 2SA method to the account. Then once he add ex: 2SA: send a code by text, he will receive it on his phone since he added his phone as the new 2SA method. So 2SA is just useless in every way if they have your password!
Are you going to Rumble?
Jim's got enemies 😳
I like your channel.  I wish it was more compassionate.  A lot the people you condemn are very desperate and have no good options to make a living, but you do a pile of great work to expose how this criminality works so that we all understand, so ❤️ for that.  Here's what I said to my people when I posted this video on my social media: This is how all scammers work.  It doesn't matter if they're on the TV or internet, it doesn't matter if they're famous, rich, or the president.  The guy that was got in this case was a famous, professional hunter of scammers.  He made the same mistake everyone makes, whether someone is confronted by a poor man who's desperate to feed his children, or an intelligence agent with a gun to their head trying to destroy their country, they always cave to FEAR.  "We will permanently suspend your YouTube account."  That line made him poop his pants.  If they suspended his account, he would lose hundreds of thousands of dollars.  Everything he did after that was a mistake, because he was drunk with fear.  Fear is the single most destructive force in the human world.  NEVER make big decisions based on fear ❤️
hey! this happened to scrap man
just had a scammer try to get me to do an itunes gift card thx for showing me the grabify thing lol im finna troll so many
Glad to see you back!  Keep up the good work!
my math tutor I do zoom with from india said he used to do call center scams until he got married and his wife forced him to stop now he does tutoring
"I'm youtube"
Later on we find out the other Jim Browning paid them to do it just so he could get the URL   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdhhQhqi_AE
Glad you're back. Thank you for this video
I'm new to your page but I was wondering if you could do a video about the scammers that text you and make you click on a link . I've seen google texts, bank texts, and urgent texts. I want to show my parents, I've told them already about it but it would be helpful to show them a video on what they do or their intentions are. Thank you!
July 30th is my bday!
If this was official, they wouldnt say "We will permantly suspend your Youtube account. They would sugar coat it. Also they wouldn't ask you to click any button.
Lol the dude got your channel lol
i mean it says it in the name of the email, CHAT NO REPLY, why would you reply then? you know google don't care at all
It seems so strange that this would be the process to fix a duplicate Adsense account
Scammers these days will now try to scam you from within. The signs are always there, you just ignore it because you think it’s legit due to it being from the inside.
This just goes to show you that they can fool even the best.  I am glad to see you back Jim
Targeting income revenue, or anything money based, promotes a sense of urgency that leads to bypassing common checks everyone should be doing. Its a shame such importance is always put upon money that it leads to these attack vectors being the most successful.
That scam centre looks huge. Good to have you back Jim
I think the 1st rule to live by with channel scams on yt would probably be that youtube never makes any form of communication with you ever, on very rare occasions yes. But if you receive an email that claims to be from youtube, immediately be suspicious of it.
Are you in any way related to UFO Hunter UK who was doing a lot of wok with the Las Vegas Shooting 2017 ?
"With one exception" - Well, a little scarf, that will remember you about your (almost) personal scamageddon.
Lesson to take from this is to never click on links contained in emails. If the mail seems legit go straight to platform in question and ask them about it.
This same guy got Alan Becker, who has 16M subscribers. :(
I received about nine calls in one day on Tuesday all from unknown numbers in the US. I answered the last caller and it was a threatening recording (the IRS scam).. I waited for the scammer to answer and my plan was to just say two words to him: “Jim Browning”. .I’ve watched all your videos and I share them with my elderly parents, but I choked! I couldn’t remember your name! Haha! He just hung up on me as I didn’t say “hello” but I was just like “hang-on, wait” whilst I tried to get to YouTube and crush his hopes. Guess he was in a hurry.
Glad to see you back. Keep being better than the fbi.
"I'm youtube" XDDDD
It's called 2FA - two factor authentication.  I'm an infosec professional and had no idea what you were talking about saying 2SA.. no one uses this terminology.
The reason why they tell you it's impossible, is to reduce the number of back up restoration request. It's probably a process that is a bit long and more painful for them, and therefore cost more man power than a random ticket support. So instead of helping someone who has 3,3 m followers, they just answer crap not giving a single fudge , even if it means that you are losing your only income.
You should speedrun shutting scammers down. lol
hahahaha get scammed! This is the sort of thing I expect to happen in some alternate reality.
Bruh
15:11 or that Turkey moved into Syria
Thank you for this
Happened to Alan Becker too apparently. Edit: A roughly a month ago, prior to this comment being posted, he was able to get his channel back; so calm down y'all.
why do you trust google hangout..... like even google doesn't use google hangout
Jim was like: "Finally! A worthy opponent. Our battle will be legendary"
That sucks sorry but you need to be more careful some of the smartest people can fall for petty scams too
Hi my email got hacked does anyone know how to get it back all the info has been changed
Moments like this make me grateful that my channel is small.
Massive respect for discussing how you, Jim Browning, got tricked by scammers. Nothing to be embarassed or ashamed of. These people are sneaky tricky scumbags and some of their scams are not obvious without proper understanding or knowing that type of scam even exists. Glad you're back!
Hahahahaha nice
Catch that scammer jim✓✓
Kudos for your transparency and the security advice.
I am an IT student, I feel inspired learning more about computers
Literally under "give us your password" it says "never submit passwords through google forms". The irony of that
Respect that you admitted you got scammed
the fact that they managed to trick the great Jim Browning makes me question what is possible. is life a simulation and that was glitch?  edit: This must be very humbling. The fact that you prevent things like this from happening to other people, and it happened to, is a wake up call to me. These people are so sneaky a devious. I'm so glad you got your channel back man. I learn so much from your videos.
This guy pulled the biggest uno reverse card in history
I love your channel, especially when you jump in and save victims at the time of being scammed.. my most favorite of your videos. Once I heard about your channel, I was ready to jump in, like every single video, etc. to get it back to the current status. I am so happy to hear that your very important presence on YouTube has not been compromised and that you maintain your current status on your channel.  As far as the other Jim Browning, let's all throw him some bones! He's a happy dad, sharing his beautiful family to whom I assume are close family and friends and obviously proud. So if we all "like" or subscribe to his channel, will he get some monetary gain from YouTube? He's got a family with children. I can only imagine what college tuition will be in the year 2040 something.
i love jim nd all that he dose it is funny how the scam stopper get scammed LMAO
Why do people keep saying he has balls for admiting it, are you saying you all wouldnt? I sure as heck would, if you get scammed people will still respect you, (except for KY5 aparently) this is just an opportunity to teach your audience how important it is to pay abselute attention on the internet when in these kinds of things, not taking it is genuently a waste.
That guy who scammed Jim Browning must be proud because he  successfully scammed him.
Remember guys, always be alert and observe the situation. Even Jim Browing fall for it. Compared to us, we are more easy to get scammed
Glad you’re back, jim!
HE'S BACK :D
Happy to see that your channel is restored at the end Jim and I can't imagine the loss if it wasn't the case. It's scary that even experienced persons can be tricked by these scammers, then, imagine how common people are vulnerable to such scams.
I was very confused that your channel was gone lmao glad it got sorted
So glad u got ur channel back. Keep up the great work that we all appreciate that u do. In ur own way u save countless lives/livelihoods. Thank you for ur service. Kitboga ur a rockstar too.
everybody gangsta until jim gets scammed  fr tho im glad youre back:)
Looks like the scammers are targeting you.
👏👏👏👏👏
What's funny is the guy actually seems amateur
btw my subscription to this channel was not interrupted
LOVED THIS VIDEO 😂 so glad you didn’t lose your channel mate! ❤️
This has happened recently to a youtuber named Alan Becker. Hopefully this gets resolved soon.
14:39 yyou mean you can get my IP that easily ???? 😓
I saw this happened to The Spiffing Brit
Google just has the WORST support of any company I know of. Same on Google Play Store developer support. The support quality is consistently so bad that a message like the one you’ve fallen for, with a few typos, is totally normal and expected. This way Google is endangering their own customers. But the fact that they don’t care to change that is a clear sign of a monopoly that needs to be broken up and regulated.
Funking shamers I'm hope whey will get some time so much fuck
No, I just checked, still subscribed king ;)
Wow you deleted my message about your 1350 tier just in case some idiot takes you up on it. Reveal your Patreon account. I have supported many in the past and no matter how big they are they are always transparent. You’re a scammer Jim for real. Oh and you got scammed, sure ya did.....
That scammer is going to be a living legend to other scammers. Good news that you got it back
Not sure if you've heard of this but I've received 5 Skype call wrong numbers all the the same Doctor in the States after his patients have received a text listing my Skype number - Could this be a scam?
Damn!!! They trace buster buster busted your ass!
Jim - excellent that you are back in full force, and great respect to you for sharing your story. As always, your presentation is superb! I am always learning from you, thank you!
Thanks for doing this. Very important for people to understand even the best of us can get scammed. We know how they scam but we still can be tricked. I almost myself did something similar.
Hey Jim, there is a scam you might see it as YouTube, but when you click on it it takes you to windows and says your pc or chrome book is locked just saying looks like a scammer
This is one of those "Even a broken clock is right twice a day" kind of thing. Like you said, it was a HUGE coincidence because you had dealings with actual people from YT, and you thought this was a follow up. That's like me ordering something and it's coming from FedEx, then I get a Spam, scam folder with "fedex" in the heading the next day, I'm gonna think it's a follow up or something.   You're a good man, Jim, we always have and will continue to respect you a great deal. I like the "Naw fam - wouldn't give you the satisfaction" followed wth the "I am YouTube" comment. Lol!
Fascinating stuff Jim. Well done for getting back
We should team up.  Nine outa 10 men who contact me are these characters.  Nothing I can do otherwise.
This is really interesting. I was aware of your channel but not a regular visitor, so came to check out this video from a Spiffing Brit link.   I think it would be even more interesting to partner with some sort of youtube psychologist channel to explore what this scam is designed to take advantage of from a though process perspective. Does that make sense?   You mentioned at the beginning that you were basically drawn in because of a perceived threat to your AdSense revenue. This caught my attention because everything after that (at least withing a brief window) meant your judgment was basically clouded by fear. I just thought that would be interesting to explore.  Anyway, glad you got it  sorted. -Cheers
one thing i've learned by being on the internet for eons is that if you get emails/texts like this to first log in to your account. if the account has any issues it will usually give you a notification of some kind. if there is no notification it usually means the email/text is a fake.
Bummer. Looks like the teacher got schooled
dude if u get scammed (almost) then what about us average joe's, im scared for future... Glad u made it back!!
I gotta admit, he was one of the nicest scammers I've ever seen.
its not the fault of scammers if people are so dumb
Hmm how to dealt with spying my IP?  Then intruding through my camera that show my facial, whole body figures..
i think your channel was deleted beacuse the racism meter was broken by you
This just proves that there are a lot of smart people that would go to certain lengths to prevent folks like Jim to make us aware and educated of how scammers operate.  Probably a group of scammers ganged up together to mess with Jim.  Thank you Jim for posting this.  It teaches us that scammers are getting really sophisticated and creative nowadays.
I changed email on my bank log in. Immediately got a text from number that I changed info to my account and that I needed to verify. Crazy thing it looked so real with even real bank log in. But I knew that didn’t add up. Luckily. I reported it to my bank and they seem to not care to much.I know some people probably fell for it.
Oof how are you making the vid
That scammer was spot on, wow. Like he gave you a very similar thing to do compared to real google. These scammers are getting good.
- hey i got a new story for you, it's the story of the nation's top computer security expert, know what happens to him? he gets hacked and belive me i got the story straight -
What part of Northern Ireland you from?
That was creepy...
We have millions of syrian refugees in turkey so it is highly likely this dude is one of them. It is really disgusting that this asshole probably came to our country to escape from the war but is now scamming people.
Easy awnser, Hackers
Jim was confused about why the scammer only asked for $100. Because the scammer knows almost anyone has $100. If he asked for $1000 how many people have that. Jim.. he probably does have 2.5 million .. after all he scammed you and almost got away with it and you are YOU.
I wish I could like this video 5 million times. I was scammed out of a lot of money because I thought I was dealing with Tech support despite having slight inhibitions and being more cautious than most.   Your video was super therapeutic and I am happy you shared this. I love your work and happy that you sorted it out.
This had to be a mad indian guy that tried to scam you and you trolled him
Hey jim ...i SUBSCRIBE your channel throw Facebook page.Very happy to find you
recently a hudge Polish scientist channel was deleted by YT (the real YT) because of scammed bitcoin transmition during a night. the chanell never even had any warning from YT, and because of scam was just deleted in one second. the problem was solved by YT in couple of hours, but still, imagine the shock to the author and audience!
As a turk,  I am truly disappointed.  Turks are known for kindness and hospitality.  This man is the complete opposite.
Do a face reveal
'I'm YouTube' xd
My God! These scammers are so darn smart. If you really aren't careful with what you click or even without clicking any, you could still encounter or deal with one. How do they do this? How do they learn to do this? Where do they get their tools? Even with two-factor authentication your account is still not safe from these hackers/scammers
I really think that the screenshot was from GMMTV based on thailand because their chanel was hacked recently or was this just a coinsedence
Real life genius anime protagonist
Hold up.... u finally got scammed??? Lol
2SA - Secure your account with your phone. Using your Number and phone along with a secure password. Provided by Google and your Android™ Device
My guess is that this guy lived in Syria and then war struck in his country so he moved to turkey and he was very poor then. Many people from Syria became poor during the war and needed any little job that they could get, In this case his only chance could have been to scam others. I don’t think it’s entirely his fault.
Man I'm having a real time believing this Jim. Why would you respond to the Email about deleting your channel? I think you playing us.
It’s clear that the scammers were threatened by Jim, so they were determined to take him down
Even the master himself can fail sometimes, however slightly. Big respect for Jim and I wouldn’t call this a total loss because he did figure it out before anything major happened.
The wordage in your direct conversation with scammer is pretty bad on there end tons of errors
Happens to the best of us, we'll done for admitting your errors. Hope all goes well in the future.
Isn’t it @gmail.com
So Jim makes a boomer move and gets scammed and his response is an ad littered video where he says that it could happen to his viewers? Nice.
ALEN BECKER FELL FOR IT NOOOO 😭😭😭😭😭
Jim my boi what happen
Man you are a real Internet Vigilante! Cyber-police should learn from you.
I hope this scammer sees you got your channel back he’d be so angry
bro they sent the email to your public email i doubt you use that email for your account thats a red flag if they don't send it to your email you use for your account
Forward this guys ip address to "ayyildiz tim" they will find him..
How do you witness the people getting their accounts scammed I always get confused on how you find them
I like how you noticed your mistakes and showed practically anyone can get scammed
people like you should check the domain and secure login option and strongly recommend not to follow the unknown mails
While I do know about a couple of people who have had their channels stolen, I still can't help but feel bad for the Syrian dude who brags about having millions but begs for 100$. It's a really sad image, even if he's still a criminal.
As for the the Ads revenue page, the scammer could've just opened a zero revenue page, changed the HTML values on the client side (using develper tools on chrome/firefox), and then took the screenshot.
You got social engineered different🤣🤣🤣🤣
Since Google initially said they can't restore, how were you able to get it back in the end?
the untrickable got tricked
OK so next scammers knows what to do, they will call and help and pretend to be helpers
I’m YouTube
Maybe from this channel ?🤔 uc-hM6YJuNYVAmUWxeIr9FeA
I was still subscribed and didn't need to click the button again.  Hopefully, all of your other subscribers received a notice about this video as well.  Though it looks like you've got 3.41 million subscribers, so I suspect that was restored as well.  Your experience is a valuable reminder that no matter how tech-savvy or scam-aware someone is, everyone needs to stay vigilant and examine everything closely before taking action.
This happened to the Spiffing Brit as well recently.
im still subscribe after you restore your channel.
One of the Youtubers I watch had their channel hijacked Her account name is Pokemon Master Holly. She lost money for months.
You. You yourself got tricked? ...
Hi Jim I'm glad there are people out there like you working to take these scammers down. I hope you get the American Benefits/Medicare scam call center shut down soon. I have to keep my phone unplugged because of them. They start calling at 8am in the morning and keep calling until 7pm at night every day they call from different numbers that are not in service as soon as they hang up. They called me 30 in one day some calls back to back. I've told them to stop calling and 10 minutes later they call right back. Please get them shut down.
oh man, I wold be scared for my life if I was this scammer. they took his channel. That's like someone taking Liam Neeson's daughter...  JIM: I will look for you...and I WILL find you...
So I'm not sure if anyone has mentioned this yet, but, focusing on the mail from chat-noreply@google.com, I realize that this is a legit email from google their chat system. So essentially the initial mail just mentions that some random person (named YouTube Support) has sent a message to you on their chat platform.  So to all of those that claim "people can impersonate mails from Google", this is actually untrue. All that has happened with this email is a notification that you should check up on your chat to check up on messages. This would be exactly the same if someone else has sent a message through chat.
I had a similar situation like this but via Steam. I think it was 2 years ago a "friend" in Steam told me that he accidentally and wrongly reported my account for having a "dirty" inventory specifically my Team Fortress 2 items and that the Steam moderators will delete my account permanently if i don't appeal my innocence.  So i contacted the moderator he linked to me to have a chat about my account. The "moderator" told me that he was legit and he wanted me to "borrow" all my items to him so that he can verify them and check to see if they are truly clean or not.  He sent the trade offer, i foolishly accepted, went to my phone and ready to confirm the trade (Steam's trading security procedure) but before i pressed confirm i went a on a quick Google search of Steam's official moderators and his name just wasn't there. At that point, i knew what was going on so i called him out for being a fakey. It turns out, my "friend" was the scammer all along.
I knew he was turkish from 10:15 , the word first( down-right) has no dot on i ...... a different letter in turkish language.
How does anyone fall for phishing scams today?
that scammer will be seen as the scamming king
This is obviously staged
Look like the other Jim Browning deleted his account. :O
You're actually very lucky. I hope this experience humbles you. You're not bigger than anyone and can still fall prey to many of life's issues.
Go Jim go.... so glad your back helping people as always x
Its a worrying thought that Scammers are getting smart enough to fool the pros... complacency aside.  Glad you're back Jim, huge props for sharing this video
If i am capable of doing what you doing? I will teach these people to behave! But i am just enjoying your tubes 😂😂😂
The amount of times I’ve needed google based support and I’ve gotten wildly contradictory responses from representatives one after another.
Lmao owned
The Scammer Strikes Back.
Haha there is always a bigger fish xD
Turkey has  1.5 M migrant Syrian Arabs, so yes he might be Syrian.
Hence 2-sa is IMPORTANT.. I keep telling my father to enable it, but he wont listen to me.... I have 2-sa enabled on almost all my accounts, and it really makes it secure. My father doesn't even like putting a password on his devices... :( His logic is, our devices r always with us, and we are always in our home, who would come to unlock our devices.....  :C
With all the other creators chiming with their experience, a great little mini-series would be interviews and investigations with them about their experiences.  This is fascinating because scams aimed at internet celeb targets are unique in the sea of the everyday scams in yours (and others) videos.
I thinks its better punishment for them if you delete their system 32 in their windows btw im you fan from Malaysia
Thank you for sharing very informative!
Using control i you can change the numbers of YouTube analytics
I got the same message today!!!! I knew it was fake because of this video!
1:23 They did what?! Google doesn't prevent spoofing their domain through their own chat application? I -- I don't know what to say. That's just sloppy. But yes, the email sounds absolutely like something Google would send you. They were never big on formalities and email layout.
Kinda annoying to know it was a syrian when i am a syrian myself
Glad you are back
see i would even fall for it even if i was a big youtuber i get scam mail all the time and i never opened a single one but its good to know that you got ya channel back see after you saw the delete likes comments n stuff you should've just said forget it bc u should not wanna take a risk that dangerous yk
Wow...someone got one up on big man Jim
this is probably the best way to show that no one is 100% protected  im glad you got your 7 years of hard work back .
"Chatting with Google" That's where I Stopped watching
Thank you for sharing such critical information! This would help prevent a lot of scams.
Glad you got your account back sir! Scammers are like mosquitos. They take and only leave more problems. Jim you are a gift to the world I swear, thanks for the info. 🤟🤟
Amm
When Jim Browning gets scammed….. you just know the average person like me is in trouble!!!!
The superhero ran into a supervillain.. Wow
Jesus is the truth…
Good to see you back , i support your work
Jim, you should have put some of the other Jim Browning's music in your outro. (If he gives permission of course).
Jim, let me become your apprentice 😤 I don’t know much about computers besides the basics and I’d like to be pointed in the right direction to start this journey
Next scam is from India..
You're the best, Jim. Really glad you got everything sorted out and I'm really sorry for all of the stress and anguish you must have felt during this process.  Honestly this video really helps complete your body of work. You have things from so many perspectives.
Its seems quite stupid of Google to allow anyone to get an email address at google.com.
This just goes to show what a little bit of pressure for you to move quickly can do, and that this can happen to anyone.   I’ll think twice before judging someone for falling for what seems like a stupid scam.
A mega scam
Still subscribed Jim ! Looks like everything came back to somewhat normal
Would think he got the screenshot from LTT, they did do a few vids on the behind the scenes of youtube.
Glad to have you back!!
Wow. They're getting reallllly good if they dooped Jim! You're doing something right if they're going to these extremes
I AM YOUTUBE :D
The big red light for me with any email is when they say they will do something "permanently" like here. To encourage you to rush into the action without thinking. This email is saying because of an error we will irreversibly suspend your account. Does that sound reasonable? You should have logged into Google adsense and opened a trouble ticket. Live and learn I guess.
Scammer was using Google Hangout. Which (depends) on the settings will send email if it is left unresponded
This is INSANE. This scammer was actually good..could’ve fooled about anyone
Definitely an unsettling reminder to always be wary and cautious. No matter how scam-proof we think we might be, if they can fool Jim, they can fool any of us.  Kudos for telling us about this. It might not have been your finest hour, but every failure is a learning experience.
The culprit was from Turkey huh, 2 of my friends Facebook got hacked by two different people from Turkey, and took thier PUBG mobile account linked to FB, one friend got FB completely disabled without the ability to recover, even though he sent picture of his ID for verification, my other friend was able to recover her FB and PUBG account, this happened just last month.
This shows we should all get down off our high horses and realise that if Jim Browning can be scammed then literally anyone - including you and me could be.  Watch out and keep watching Jim!!!  👍😁
Now you've pissed him off
I use to think that you're the only person on earth who won't get scamed! 🙆‍♂️
Spiffing brit fell for this, when I saw the title I immediatly knew it was the same scam, thank God they can restore channels
From this video, I learnt that scammers can use official domains. If I receive such email I will contact the support team myself rather than clicking the link. 😐😐
Jim helping scammers and also fighting against them. 😂
If Jim Browning can fall for a scammer, there really is no hope for the rest of us.
These scammers are making a lot of money. With the way I need money, I too can...
so relieved that he is not an Indian
What do you mean by real support?  I'm yOuTuBE
Thank you for your integrity in informing us and showing us how nearly everyone can be taken in.  That was a highly sophisticated ‘scam’ , the scammer must have been so pleased with themselves.
Or just don't click any email links and instead type in the real website by hand, in this case the adsense website, any pertinent notifications will be on the real website
social engineering
What kills me is that the algorithm can detect video content deemed not suitable  ( like guns or violence ) and demonetize the channel. But they run scam ads all day! How can they be so advanced to filter video content but Allow scammers to buy ad time abs run said ads!
*Why Tho*
they got you man lmao
wow this looks lil bit scary, so easy to convince you even if you be "experienced", cause of this domains/addresses in links. 😯 glad you got it all back, thanks for sharing and keep up the great work man. You 🎸
So sorry to hear that. Scammers are more techky now, layman (like me) are more vulnerable now.  Glad your account is restore. God bless.
I saw spiffing brit’s video on this as well lmao
Please, if anybody sees this how to I get rid of the pop ups that freeze your computor and I can't get rid of them? Do I just power off my router or?
18:45 "Magically"
Love the ending and ode to old horror shows
Glad you are back!
Jim it just goes to show we all get complacent at the most inopportune moments. So you are now a self confessed member of the 'Muppet' club. Of which we are all members at one time or another. Good video, and also good to see humility with a cool head.
I would also like to add the MORE WE BECOME LOVERS OF OUR DEVICES INSTEAD OF JUST SWITCHING OFF THE MORE WE WILL BE SCAMMED
I recently got my iPhone stolen, and I’d like to let people know how it was unlocked right from under my nose. I couldn’t even realize that.  I wish Jim could do a video about it Y’all would find it interesting
Turkey received 5 million Syrian refu-gees in the past couple years due to the civil w-ar going on in Syria.
The detailed buffer respectively tremble because bassoon beautifully offend times a cluttered skin. reminiscent, dreary stream
I feel lucky. I got a email like this but I didn’t click on their link but went directly to YouTube, but not before I checked my own account and had a friend look it up too. Nothing was wrong with my channel and I never heard back from YouTube.
Wow.  I ignore almost everything these days, since I'm always aware of the situation with my bank, utilites, etc.. through their individual websites.  But this coincidence....
14:10 - a bit surprised about the grabify weblink shortener (that it exists, as a thing, and so easy to use) . . . . but good to learn what's out there, sighhh
You had to do the same steps the scammer told you to do because this was a 2-level scam and you fell for it. >:)
its sad i live in the same country with this guy
Just give up ok just give up if Jim browning is not safe rest of us have not a chance
My favourite channel aint getting deleted! lol
Same thing happened to the spiffing brit
Cause they are working with the scammers...and they hire them and give the jobs to them
Pleasent Green mentioned this.
no stupid scammer can bring Jim down 💪
I once checked discord on my phone and cliked on somebody's a msgs and it logged me out but luckily , I changed the password and he could do anything
I hate how such a helpful person got denied
yeah bro ive been using the internet most of my life. never fall for that one, be smarter next  time
I work for an internet provider and we regularly get customers asking "is this e-mail I received legit?"  Hopefully more people are paying attention
Good Rule of Thumb here:   Big Corporation don't care about you, your problems, nor any issues on your channel...  unless it is majorly affecting THEIR money that THEY'RE making. Big Corporation will NEVER send you a "hey we need to fix this problem that is only affecting YOU."   THEY...  DO NOT...  CARE.   If you get an email that basically says "hey your channel is having this problem, we need to fix it, click this thing".  It's fake.
You know what doesn’t help these days? When Google, Adobe, and Facebook out source ALL their agents - because their accents make them sound just like scammers. I was on the phone with Adobe support the other day, and their broken English is horrible. Mainly their hire from India.
i think he didn't understand what 2 sa means because you used acronym. I wouldn't have got t either if you didn't say two step authentication verbally
"I'm youtube, give me $100" slick.   it takes guts to admit that you got scammed, it takes guts to scam someone like you though, and for a paltry amount of $100? guy must have needed some smokes.
They target the best first
The scammer didn't send you an email. They sent you a message on Google Chat (was Hangouts) and then it was left unread so Google sent you an email to remind you to check the message. I don't want to sound like a dick, but you fell for a social engineering scam.
We love mr. Browning, he fight for the little guys. Thank God he got his channels back.
Over the last 20 years, I have tried to make contact with google so many times, without success! They don't like communicating/chatting with anyone and simply leave links for users to get online help from forums, or previous questions and answers online!
Some Scammers working hard to silence your channel.
Jesus Christ you kept a cooler head than I, I'd be fuckin *apoplectic*
This is so bad on so many levels. But this is _entirely_ google's fault. They allowed completely random people to send emails from their domain name.   Someone was clever enough to do the scam once, and that means it's going to spread of thousands of other Google related scams. And they deal with _way_ more sensitive stuff than just individual YouTube channels.  What happens when people start stealing _actual gmail accounts?_ That opens the door up to basically every account a person owns. Even bank accounts, if the victim is really unlucky.
hello i want to share a scam story with you if you are interested ? thx we wrote on the instagram
If the recovery instructions were so similar would this not point to it being a present or former YouTube/Google employee ?
A few years ago I got my steam account scammed from me by a very very convincing steam admin account that had even made his own fake steam website links and eventually convinced me to give them my password. It took a while, but I was able to get my steam account back. At the time I was pretty deep in the terraria steam community, so upon getting my account back, the terraria community rallied to get the dozens of accounts he had obtained from scams returned to their owners. The fake admin also got perm banned of course. Happy ending to a scammer’s sad story.
lol so you're not at jimbrowning... you should make it scammerkiller69 instead then 20:15
Someone hacked you too. Take that person in your team. Long live Anti scam
Happy you back. Lesson learned. Love you for what you do xx
The same people even got the spiffing brit happened to lots of channels seems to just be a prank lol
That Google e-mail was the default e-mail, when somebody messages you via Hangouts and you don't look at the message, Google automatically sends this e-mail. So the e-mail wasn't about the scammer.
this prolly made you stressed, hope you're doing well, men the scammer works for youtube smh
When you fight a war, your bound to take a hit eventually. That's the price you pay.  Good on ya for recovering and coming back with the aar and lessons learned. That's how you win.
As someone from Syria, I am both embarrassed and offended.
Scammers with 1K downvotes, you finally landed a single punch,but Jim is about to land one  KO after another now.
Scary stuff man :(
Jim, would it be reasonable to say that judging by the surprising number of comments (and views) that this latest video has generated, it would say something for your popularity
Youtube wouldn't have the guts to not help this guy
i cant imagine how hard he was laughing at the fact that he was scamming someone with tech support scams in their profile picture
The outgoing slash neuroanatomically guess because greek surely enter to a harmonious use. grateful gratis, slimy plough
The actual fishing was the google form, asking for the usrname and password, which Jim easily figured it out. Other thing were genuine.
so isn't this is a google security failure ?
Ironically, this is the first video on this channel, that I saw. The fact that scam fighting youtuber was scamed is much more interesting that the scam fighting itself. This scamer made a good advertisment for this channel.
Glad to see you're back and it was restored. Thanks for teaching us how it happened Jim!
Thank you so much for sharing this. I consider myself very savvy but last year I did fall for a (very minor no real impact thank goodness) scam. I’ve been beating myself up over it ever since. Seeing this video helps- it reminds me that mistakes happen, and everything is a learning opportunity.
i have a really simple question....Couldnt the entire situation be averted if he simply checked his YT channel and see if it was suspended for real or not ?
The Spiffing Brit was also scammed this way
Please takedown these scammers, I hate these low life heartless people. They need to learn some compassion.
I was just like let's watch this person again and then it took me to a this channel it's been deleted and I was so confused
Don't blame you for not thinking clearly with how YouTube intimidates some creators, at times. You just wanted to cooperate. Something similar happened to two people I know and now we're building a system to get a helpful database together with these scammers.
Its really amazing you stayed calm and held you composure you are an amazing man Jim.
I was magically unsubbed from you too... But I resubbed!!!
exactly when you moved the channel my screen buffered and went quiet and i thought you were doing a gag. i am, actually, incorrect... thank you for showing us that *everyone* can be scammed, jim!
This whole thing really demonstrates that the true vulnerability in any security system is the people involved.  Time and time again you see this in movies, TV, comics, and stories, but it's passed off as a trope.  It's far more likely that someone will be convinced to willingly give their password to someone than for a "hacker" to break into the system and steal it. Glad you're back, though, and keep up the good work!
I'm so glad things worked out Jim. So sorry that happened to you.  You are a good person. Thank you for all you do. :)
I’ve seen ghost busters but I  have never seen scam busters
OMGGG JIMMMM im so happy u managed to retrieve your account coz i f love your vids, also did you know theres a whatsapp exploit? you couldve used it on him but im pretty sure it would be illegal right? anyways glad that ure backkkkk <333333 xoxo
Even the best fall down some time.. glad you're back.
YouTube Psyched substance has had the exact same experience
YouTube is scammer friends
Hilarious you got scammed. Shows how clueless you are lol
The 1k 👎 's are from scammers who are mad that your channel is up and running again and their new scam was figured out and told to everyone
What a wild ride that was 😳
The ISP he's using is not very well known (I don't even know it even though I'm Turkish). He's probably Turkish than Syrian. Wish you follow up on payment to see what service he uses for money transfers, we would be able to see if he's actually Syrian or Turkish as many firms just don't operate here with Turkish bank accounts/credit cards/debit cards.
Hed been practicing or you been tyerd I bet he's like wow I beat Jim I hope you get revenge good you got it back  Bet that center are looking forward to it 😁   Who's Emily?
I'm Syrian and there's no way anyone in Syria besides celebrities right now has any kind of money and certainly not in the millions. Same for Turkey probably, but I know for sure almost everyone in Syria is either begging on the streets or saving up whatever they can for bread. No one even has the means to create scams since there's almost never any internet either and internet time is limited for each household so each family has to stretch maybe 30 hours of internet over a month's time. Not to mention they DON'T EVEN HAVE YOUTUBE IN SYRIA. That part was just funny to me cause what use would Youtube be to someone who can't even access it? Yeah, he's 100% not Syrian.
my channel was cancelled/stolen/taken-down....b/c  i  refused  to monetize the  thing.....  [fucking shameful]
This is scary.  However, I still seem to be subscribed.
WRONG!!! No spelling mistakes = LEGIT EMAIL Whereas if you see broken english = fake ass SCAM email
Great to have you back. Just wanted to thank you for all the incredible work that you do, so thank you. The existence of people like you makes me very happy and grateful. You deserve all the support in the world.
The scam buster was scammed 😔
Props to YT for getting this account back and all safe for the one and only Jim Browning, ;)
Wow.
WOW close call but once again you beat them animals too it, I wish i could do this for helping people like the elderly and people who are vulnerable it's disgusting how they don't get arrested for this,  but without you Jim it be much worse,  you saved many people's life savings and i love when you stop them,  wish we had more jim browning's out there,  amazing gentleman 👍👍🇨🇮🇨🇮
Holy moly.
14:32 it was all good until i saw The TURKEY . I'm so ashamed bcz of this goddamn. So sorry for this happening :/ Makes us embarrassed.
Taste your own medicine.
I must be really paranoid because my immediate indication that this was a scam was.... the CSS of the Google chat link...  That's....not how Google styles buttons/links in their emails....
'Sneaky s**t' hahahahah
Wow! This is a REALLY scary scam and an easy way to lose all your YouTube content! The best thing to do is BE CAREFUL when being directed how to move a YT account! This is very strangely coincidental for me because in am presently in the process of migrating my channel and have been reading up on how to transfer YouTube content to a new channel. Good to know about the scam!
I don't think this is Jim B. anymore, you can notice his Indian accent, I hope we can find the real one's new channel soon.
Came here from Charlie's video (penguinz0)
"it's a bit like getting a Amazon scam call right after placing a order" this happened to me a few months ago. I had never gotten a Amazon scam call before either. I had just placed a order on Amazon for the first time in months and 10 minutes later, I got this weird Amazon scam call. I knew, thanks to channels like yours and kitboga, that it wasn't real but the coincidence of it all kept bugging me
they are really #evil
Note to self: having 4600 unread emails isn't always a bad thing. ƪ(˘⌣˘)ʃ I'm pretty sure my inattention to emails and refusal to answer unknown numbers has saved me more times than I can count. It also almost cost me a legitimate small inheritance from an unknown relative, but I ended up spending it in 6 months anyway so whatever...¯\_(ツ)_/¯
HE'S YOUTUBE
This wasn't random. I think you were targeted based on your content (not an original thought, I'm sure).
If the attacker was really dedicated, they could have possibly SIM swapped you after getting your password. This is an attack where they call your cell phone provider pretending to be you (they can call each if they don’t know which you use) and scam the service tech into swapping the phone number to a new device. If successful, they may be able to have the 2FA (2SA as Jim says) token texted to THEIR phone since it temporarily has your number until you and the cell provider realize what happened.
It takes a lot of humility to be doing what you do and admit to being scammed. I think even more of you now sir!
Damn, this was a beautiful video
If you, the trusted (God) can nearly get scammed buy these thugs !!!!!!!!!!!!! what possible hope do we have as near mortals ???????? //////////////////////////////////////
Wow that's #evil
I remember going to Best Buy to get my AirPods fixed and the person next to be was stressed out because a scammer had gotten into her email and she lost all of her contacts. I felt so bad overhearing her conversation, knowing exactly what happened.
“What do you mean by real support? I’m YouTube.”  Somebody is way too deep into his role.
Should've said senin milliyetini biliyorum
Thank you so much for your humility, showing your vulnerability. It helps us learn from your experience and we can keep each other safe. I appreciate your videos! I dislike when 'holier than thou' attitudes come up and blame the victim for getting hurt rather than blaming the scammer for being evil and taking advantage of vulnerable people. Thank you Jim.
Can you retrieve my fb account? because fb disabled it and it tells It could get permanent deleted. And I need it badly coz the one and only picture of my grandmother is in my fb account please help me😞
JIm needs to make enough money to do this full time.  Everyone should go to Patreon and thrown him just a small bit of money each month. He really deserves it, on the behalf of all of us.
Slack as fook
still waiting for the revenge video hahaha.
LOL get rekt hahaha
New Subscriber Hi Jim  Glad to see you back my friend  Watched Pocket Women's video A real mess,glad you're restored! Keep up great work Stay well
So let me get this straight. That e-mail came from google but was a notification that a message was sent in google chat? The chat was the scam, not the email.
0:35 that email looked like a Scam email, right of the bat. Google doesn't use those choice of words. And the Green colored "Google Chat" font also gives it away. I would've just deleted the email. Any warnings would've showed up as a notification on Adsense, or on your Youtube homepage, if it was Legit. 💯
Rule #1:  tech support will NEVER contact you.
Nice to know it can happen to anybody and also that you freely shared this issue.
Ironic
So the guy who tracks scammers gets scammed himself...
Has no one figured out who Jim is yet….? I watched 5min of one of his vids and within moments realised who he was… Such a distinct voice… Surely I can’t be the only one…?
The biggest red flag is Google giving speedy customer service. How'd you miss that one?
Glad your back Jim
Thanks Chris.
Wow, you actually had that recorded. Out of curiosity, just how much of your activities do you record as a matter of course?
It's good to see you're back. Resubbed of course 😎 And kudos on sharing this experience. It's a wake up call. This could happen to literally, anyone.
Your not the only one that got this other channel had this same person do this to them
Back to normal. YES!
you have a fraudulent space intro, ironically, space is also a lie
How the tables have turned
If I was rich i would send you thousands Jim! One day I will 💯🙏🏻
A random scammer finally scamming Jim Browning is like the grunt that kills the hero in a video game.
That's a nice surname u got there
I'm glad you got your account back! Thank you for taking your time and helping other people avoid these scams <3
Fantastic video, always sobering to realise even tech professionals get scammed. We often don't get to hear of major scams, as people are embarrassed that despite knowing better, they fell for a convincing con and lost a lot of money, despite thinking they had done due diligence.
These scorched earth scams can be particularly hard to spot because there is no direct way a scammer can profit - until he asked for the money. So it is understandable that one doesn't recognize it. What would have saved me here, is that I never click on links in mails, I always browse to the sites by myself and this is imho one of the most important advice to give people: Don't click on links, always navigate to your accounts yourself.
First things first- YouTube will never Contact you by mail which you Provide in your About Section, rather by your Actual Mail Address. Note: Never Share your Actual Channel Mail with Anyone. For business Purposes, always Use a Secondary Mail ID
PAJEETBROS WE'RE GONNA WIN AGAIN,
LOL they gotcha bro
when you go to scam scammers and get scammed
DUde, im sooo sorry, but the irony of this, that these guys wanted to get back at you, and they did. Like holy smokes, that was clever on them
New it was a scam right away
Kinda weird how there's 999 down-thumbs, versus 180K Thumbs Up... You have 1000 scammers mad at you, and now they're doing all of the Social Engineering possible to throw you off YouTube, which is what the most pathetic of scammers rely on. Sorry that they got you, but it shows how they do it, so hopefully this can help many others to not fall for the trap
Hahaha Hahaha Hahaha  you have been duped
Glad to see you back! Sorry this happened to you. Keep strong!
My grandmother fell for one of those very standard scams, the 'give me access to your pc' kind of things. She came down, saying 'the nice man from microsoft is helping me but I need you to deal with it' and, having just woken up and knowing how she can have trouble with it, I didn't put two and two together. It wasn't until a bit later, as they were rooting around her pc, that I called up a friend and they very helpfully woke me up by explaining how I was being a complete moron. Turned off the internet, had to go through a ton of hoops, but eventually took care of things. This was during my first year of studying in a cyber security degree, so as you can imagine it's an embarrassing moment for me but a very important one as well that I will definitely do my best to learn from.  Point of this whole thing, Jim's right, anyone can be caught up in a scam. Some easier than others, but if the dominos fall in the right way even an expert (or someone learning to become an expert) can make a very basic oopsie.
I'm so glad you're back.
The spiffing Brit also got hit by this
Lmao while I'm here using an a20, a scammer is using an a50
Sorry. This video is to painful to watch.
i couldn't have imagined in my dreams Jim being scammed
It's generally known as two-factor authentication or 2FA which maybe didn't help the scammer know what you mean by 2-sa...
I think that screenshot is from a Biaheza video called “How I became the biggest finance channel on youtube”
Scary. What a world.
9:10 a scammer telling you that he won is so scary
The king Jim <3
Imagine someone with like 50 subs getting this email and just starts bursting out laughing.
Any idea how they spoofed the email? I certainly don't see any obvious way to do it through the web interface with my gmail account
This like: How a hacker gets hacked ? And answer is pretty simple , yet , scamming can reach even bigger heights , when it's targeted one and everything is established to be like real thing , and banking botnets like ZeuS can do it even on higher level , without people realising that they fell victim for money theft.
If he managed to really scam 2.5mil worth of ad revenue and was a Syrian living in Turkey then he could be related to Islamic State to funnel money for them. But I doubt he really did manage to scam any money.
Actual Youtube: "Just make a new account and switch it to a brand account" Jim: *PTSD begins*
Hey, I work at a bank, and I just want to say your videos have actually helped me with my job! I recently started watching your channel due to one of your videos popping up in my recommended, and since, I've been in contact with multiple customers who had either fallen victim to one of these types of scams, or were almost victims. With the extra awareness that your videos gave me, I was able to more easily help them get their money back and secure their accounts again. Honestly, you gave me more tools to spot scam and fraud situations than my own work training! just wanted to drop this in so that you know how much you're actually helping bring awareness to these scams.
Imagine if when being scammed told them my password is ID ten T which when typed with numbers: ID10T
that guy must be a youtube support simp
Hey Jim, love your work. I have a question. If someone is remote accessing my PC, if I shut it down and disable my router, can then get back on when I reconnect and turn back on?
well, that happened. wow.
one of your scammers decided to make a special project out of you. also I was deeply hurt that my scam hero fell to his nemesis. I was trying to be extremely open minded about who you were dealing with but it seems to be a pattern of nationality. You're a target man.
I’m so sorry this happened to you. I guess it shows, we’re all vulnerable to scammers. Glad your back at it!
That ending music is like something outta the 80s.
I still wouldn't be able to do anything like it as that, even tho I don't have an AdSense account.
Delighted it was restored ✌️
One thing major too that Jim didn't mention - @  7:48 RIGHT BELOW THE SUBMIT BUTTON - it says (from google) "Never submit passwords through google forms"
Got a rsndom phishing bank sms... The best part is that i don't even have the bank carrier that the sms had
To be fair, these guys really nailed this phishing scam if they got Jim.  We really have to be diligent these days.
I'm so glad you got your channel back!
i'm sorry but is there a policy or rule about showing someone face or identity on youtube , i mean some of this people(scammer) dont even deserve a second chance  i dont really know much about law ... so yeah would be nice if someone actually told me about it ty
I've shared this with friends of mine who have youtube channels, this is scary, i wouldn't want any of my friends falling for this.  Thank you so much for making this video.
Browning be Clowning.
Scam-buster channel gets deleted, music channel gets tons of subscribers as a result.  At the very least, you now have almost 2 million people that will (hopefully) not repeat your mistake.
I'd wondred where you'd gone, and who this strange channel was with the completely offtopic content. Glad your back :)
Such a great video. I didn't know you existed till this, so that's one good thing that came out of this!
huh thats why you were quite
You have done a great service to all YouTube creators. I'm sorry about your ordeal but thankful that we all learned an important lesson.
Gods work. God speed
Hey, Jim. A friend of mine recently got scammed and i was wondering to to get in contact with you in order to help him.
@Jim Browning https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZb7OAxL9fM
Honestly, yeah, there are many failure points here, but to me the most striking one is Youtube's language and what "replacing" a channel means. Very interesting.
Same thing happened to TheSpiffingBrit, i think the scam targets famous youtubers in the UK? IDK
lol the music at the end
I am confused why you were screen recording all this. Do you record everything you do online??? Seems sus
2 and. a half million dollars ....what what what what
Well your channel is still here and we are all glad
Overall Jim proved in the end that he was one step ahead from the scammer. Jim just reminds me of James Moriarty from Sherlock Holmes but here he's playing the role of Sherlock Holmes ❣
im gonna ddos his ip for 2000 hours no one deserves to lose all there hard work in seconds
Dammmmnnnnnnnn😳
I think i saw it in this video https://youtu.be/YIWV5fSaUB8
Man, I can just imagine what you felt when 3.5M  subs channel disappeared 😬 I have less than 10K, but I would have a really nervous day
Everyone can be scammed😳
The scammers fired back
I'd doubt the scammers spelling, he's letter is less formal from the one that real tech support sends you
Same
Wow!  Proves even the best can be scammed.  Thanks for revealing what happened to you. Lessons learned for all.
Happened to spiffing Brit as well
how to scam people number 1 rule:  Have better english
Definitely have seen that screenshot
Hi, does anyone know how I may contact jim browning. I found scammers on snapchat and would like to give him their information and with a little bit of work possibly their IP too
Aren't you able to change values in a page using simple browser codes? Maybe that's how he got the screenshot
When I was practicing martial arts my masters told me that even a  grandmaster could be killed by a common thug if they are attacked when they are distracted.  In fact, one of my masters told us how he got stabbed by a mugger once. He was walking home and as he turned the corner there was suddenly a guy in front of him and he felt a punch on his stomach. The element of surprise let the un-trained thug stab him before he was able to react. Now, the moment after the thug had his elbow and knee shattered, but that didn't change the fact that he stabbed the master first. Luckily the injury wasn't serious and he recovered fully, but he could have easily been killed there, simply because his attention waned just in the wrong moment. So the lesson is the same as here: No matter how good and experienced we get, we are still just humans and are not infallible.
Thank you for sharing.  The fact that you could have hid this but didn't - speaks a lot to your character.
Psyched substance got tricked by the same email.
Apparently some scammers are going after businesses now
am I the only one you thought this was like L vs Light/ Kira
I learned the coincidence lesson a few years ago.  I purchased somethingn off ebay and got a fake email about 5 mins later saying there was a problem with my ebay account.  I thought I knew what was wrong so clicked the link in the email without checking.  If it had just sent me to a fake ebay page to get my email and password, then forwarded me to ebay I'd have been non the wiser but asking for my card details and pin number made me realise the scam and I learned an important lesson.
what chance have we got if this guy gets scammed lol ..thank God your channel was restored
Scammer scammed a scammer scammer, after which the scammer scammer scammer was scammed by the scammer scammer for info about his scam, which also makes the scammer scammer a scammer scammer scammer scammer.
Software engineer and grey hat hacker almost had his channel deleted. This actually makes me incredibly uneasy.
It’s a sad day when Jim Browning gets “got.” 😰 Glad you’re back!!
@13:35: Possibly a twitch streamer with a youtube account for highlights/vods who have shown the analytics on stream? Could be very much anyone with a big following, and finding said footage might not be an easy task done in 5 minutes, but there's a possible lead anyway.
Why would they lie about not being able to restore your account when they literally did not too long after?
You’re really doing a great job jim, how can I contact you ? I also know a company which is scam & making millions.
Thanks for being open and posting this, as an IT engineer I often find people are offended at the work we put in to protect them, almost like they think we're accusing them of being stupid.  I've lost count of the number of times I have had to explain that I don't think they're stupid, I just think that with an unending list of scammers coming up with more and more creative ways to scam, you only need to slip once, and it can and does happen to anyone regardless of your experience, intelligence and skillset.
Good to see , you got your channel back Jim , theses scammers are bent on scamming everyone , and using well renown company`s ,   as there tool , maybe in one of your future video`s , can you do scammed robot calls , they really  piss me off.
Stuff just got real, and it’s getting very real soon enough. Spammers/ attackers won’t just use the one brand they will use any brand. And you’re right be secured, rather call the company in question first and confirm or live chat somewhere to someone else in another window or something but be very careful, it’s not easy… it really isn’t.
Cursed Scammers.
Why can’t scammers just go the hell away already.  I hope they continuously lose everything in their dirty lives.
I had to resubscribe lol
A car rental company came at me for €1000. It was totally legit but I just kept ignoring them and they eventually pissed off. Turns out this method works for basically anything.. Except bills and all that stuff.
Well Jim, time to unleash the Kraken
So he made Jim create an empty account and then replace his original account with that empty one, while telling him the opposite would happen?
The King returns
Once I was very careless when looking for a tool to download YouTube videos, one “tool” was really some adware that was really nasty. Eventually me and my father got it off the affected computer. I now use youtube-dl for downloading videos.
YouTube/Google loves to preach that they are fighting spam. In reality Google let's spammers use their platform to advertise.
I thought the YouTube's CEO is a female hmmm
How did you make grabify link look like screenshot?
I’m not remotely surprised they falsely claimed a recovery was impossible-  from what I’ve heard, Google is extremely enthusiastic about giving their employees  the mushroom treatment about ~anything~ that isn’t specifically in their job description to the point of turning them into robots…
Amazing someone with so much experience can be tricked!
damn i would have fallen for this. next time i’m on tech support i’ll make sure i ask questions that would never be on a document for a scammer to copy and paste, like how can i make sure this is correct. thank you for helping, i’ve been a bit weary about tech support how can i make sure i have the right person
Great idea, we'll give a try to this type of scam. Can you please share contact of that scammer? I would like to employ him for our R&D.  Love that scammer from India. 🇮🇳♥️
So I know you probs won't see this but I've nearly been fooled by this simple scam. If you are in debt you are more likely to get a call from a lovely human claiming that IVA will help write off government debts. Here's a tip ask for the website and just take your time they will soon leave you alone. Rember don't be afraid of these People as you have the upper hand
All that effort just to ask for $100?
We need to rethink how we use the internet. All major security breaches nowadays start with phishing. No one is safe!  https://dankioria.com/i-was-right-jim-browning-fell-for-a-phishing-email/
In your assessment of what you should have done, you missed the most important thing to do which is true of all scams where they contact you first:  don't have the conversation they initiated. Break the conversation, find the legitimate contact channel for the company and verify the claims with them.  Same as when someone from the bank/other company unexpectedly calls you about your account. If you had done that, the whole thing would have been avoided (but of course as you say, you were distracted and we're only human.. and hindsight is 20/20 :) ).
Bro I hate dip shit scammer bro
This video seems really scripted.. like Google paid for it or something
Clearly all the scammers are tired of their scams not working cause he revealing their scams so all the scammers put their brain together to try to take his channel down. But I am glad your channel is back as is! 💜
Hey Jim I love you but How do we know it's you?? Hmm maybe your the scammer. 🤔🤔🤔
For everyone’s sake, when you receive something like this, never use links in the email. Go to the actual site’s support and call them or email the genuine support and ask if the email received was genuine
This is the equivalent of like Lennox Lewis getting knocked out by Charlie Zelenoff. The scam baiter deletes his own account and makes excuses why he fell for it :rolling eyes: Kitboga would never be dumb enough to believe this scam.
We missed you well come back 😁
Jim nearly got scammed!. He will go full boss mode on these people now
oh shit oh fuck
everybody gangsta till Jim browning gets scammed
Thing about this, as I always say, to get scammed you have to DO SOMETHING - as instructions given. You don't get scammed by doing nothing! My phone is on permanent answerphone, my friends all ID themselves so I pick up, otherwise no pick up. However, I suppose that if you have a YouTube channel, there will be some interaction with YouTube.
Just wanted to let you know the obvious- You are doing great job! :)
Wow. That's amazing how an expert like you could get scammed. Now I don't feel so bad that I got scammed too. But I was able to get my $350 back from my credit card company. So it worked out but still pretty embarasing.
I was in training - Cyber Security of all things - and got taken in by a Phishing TEST email. Talk about embarassed. Thank you for posting this. Just goes to show that tired operators and "heavy" machinery never mix well. All the very best and staty safe
13:28 there is a website that is called social blade you can see all of the videos and stuff
Jim I got a new company in Gurugram to  expose . Please respond for info
Jim can u help me and tell me if my phone is hacked ill pay you please ... i believe my ex and her psycho pimp child abuser boyfriend is tapping in ?
War had been declared, buckle down, and prepare of John to get back at the scammer
wait you are the channel im talking about. sorry that happened
there are youtube pages dedicated to getting scammers back its priceless. watching them get hacked and their files deleted as they rage and cry on the audio.
glad its back with your 3 plus milli intact.
I think you need Infect Petya to scammer computer's (next time) :D
TLDW; How did you recover your channel?
the irony of all this is hilarious. but we can all learn
Congratulations on successful recovery. I have rechecked that every like is still in place for your videos.
if your youtube account got suspended, why don't you just go to youtube and upload a random video and manage your channel a bit to see if it's suspended or not?
Dude! How could YOU get scammed? The initial email had missing/incorrect punctuation and capitalisation. Missing comma and 2 full stops and second line started with a capital when it was actually the same sentence as the first line.
Man this is like the plot to John Wick haha
What was the scammer's end game. All that effort to get you off the air for days.
Waiting for the day where Jim Browning finally does decide to switche sides
The Darth Vader vs Obi Wan battle of cyberspace Browning= If you Delete my account i will only become more popular then you can possibly imagine !
This is vital information for someone trying to launch a channel like myself. Thanks for the heads up.
Welcome back, didn't know how much I was gonna miss you.
everyone has moments of derpage. and sometimes these scams can hit at the wrong time..
Can you post link for the other Jim Browning please? ... little girl playing guitar looked so cute 😍.  Seriously, I too almost fell for the virus scam on my PC back in the day and have friends beating themselves up for falling and endangering their life-savings... besides the elderly/intellectually vulnerable, a lot of us have distractions (sick parents/kids/animals, work deadlines, covid, brain fog, ad nausea) and can semi-panic or be lured into giving info.
i lke how you work with other you tubers on the same mission as you.
9:08 Jim: I can re-upload Youtube support: nO
Et tu, Jim?
Thats really bad but, why everything not changed? or ...
As it turns out, it's possible the account he was referencing was The Spiffing Brit.. whose channel got deleted with the same scam.
Glad you got your channel back! Best rule of thumb, if you get a support request from a company, especially with something of high value (like bank account), contact the company via their website's support. Internal links aren't always easy to spot the re-directs and false domains.
The scammers have leveled up. Worthy opponents, to be sure. Tricky. Subtle. Trained. They have taken down even the most powerful anti-scammers, and they are not to be trifled with.   But they have overlooked one simple fact. This oversight will be their demise. For they are not up against a man. No. They are facing a God. A living deity amongst men. His power is unbridled and ever growing. They may have caught him off guard and won the battle by mere surprise. But Jim Browning, having now faced this new threat, has his guard up and is readying for his ultimate attack. An attack with power equal to none that we've ever seen. His attack will be heard around the world by all those would-be foes who sought power in themselves. For, Jim Browning cannot be defeated even by the strongest of men.
no one cares. its youtube. get a life.
His excuse is that he was distracted, yet he had 20 minutes to make a whole new youtube channel and replace etc.? Ok buddy. Sorry, but everyone knows youtube doesn't reach out to people by chat to help them. You have to post on a support message board and wait 5 days, mix eye of newt with virgin blood, and pray to satan for a response. That was your first clue. Second clue was no name given. Any support tech provides a name and asks if it's okay to record the chat. And they're required to use proper punctuation and capitalization. Cmon dude.
9:48 "I'm YouTube" really cracks me up
Hyped for the next video!!!!!!
Glad you didn't get tricked to give away your channel! Stay safe, these scammers are getting smarter and smarter...
Probably more than half of Syria lives in Turkey lol
I'm really glad that you got your channel back and a serious thank you at this point. Three weeks ago I received a wierd phone call which thanks to watching your channel I thought must have been a ping-call. Two days later I received the classic call from Microsoft about a Problem with my computer. For whatever reason I found that so super funny that i literally started laughing and when he asked me why I just said "Yes, the myterious Indian man from Microsoft calling me about a problem I dont have, go scam someone else" wo which he immidiatly hung up on me.  I never received a call again so I assume in his software he checked me as "Not worth it" or something, idk, however, please note that even to I doubt i would have fallen for it you are the reason I definitely didnt and instead had a good laughter.
Sht.... From Turkey... And that place is burning right now...
hi Jim could you help me get back my email plsss respond if you can help, my family and I all use my email and I hope you can reach to us and help
I think using the term "scammer" minimizes what's happening here. These aren't pranksters.   These are thieves, hard core criminals who need to be pursued, arrested, prosecuted and imprisoned.
one word :damn
2fa can be beaten by sim swapping, as always humans are the weakest link in the security chain
Truly glad you got your channel back man. Dang Google are dumb for allowing this to even happen. You'd think the largest tech firms in the world would take steps to prevent people impersonating them
dang if they got you then thats scary.
I did wonder why you had not posted anything for a while.
@Jim Browning, it’s possible to proxy a google login page such that you are tricked to login and enter you 2fa token and the attacker obtains it… what makes this convincing is that the victim is successfully logged into their account and therefore does not feel threatened.. meanwhile an attacker has placed a system in the middle of the connection and is harvesting credentials and cookies to enable stealing a session to YouTube (or which ever service they are proxying),  The attack basically only requires the victim to click on a link.. lucky scammers typically aren’t so tech savvy.. let me know if you would like a demo of this method (using a burner account 😅).
Thanks for not letting your pride get in the way of sharing all that 😂
I still feel awful for falling for a scam over a year ago. I was threatened that my steam account would be deleted and took it seriously as I've been banned on steam before. They simply wanted a code and to verify that my card wasn't fraudulent (coincidentally I had a problem with my card at the same time so it was believable.) That code was enough to get access to my entire account and they 'locked' it by making it private. I honestly want to meet those fuckers in person so I can punch them in the face. Pure evil. Steam support are nearly just as bad for letting a scam like this happen. It was because of steam support falsely banning me in the past that made me feel so scared in the first place. Furthermore, I don't think they even knew my password, they managed to get in simply with that code. Fucking what's the point of a fucking password anymore.
This has to be the most ironic video on you tube
This is astonishing but technically Jim didn't get scammed. The scammer never actually gained control of his account or his ad revenue. He simply came somewhat close but wasn't dumb enough to give the necessary information to the Google form. Still, pretty mad that he could be duped as much as this.
This is and was always my fear, scammers getting smarter. As the tech illiterate dies out slowly the scammers are having to up their game and get smarter and eventually will be able to fool any one of us and that is scary as fuck
Hi Jim, do you receive messages on your FB page?
Blame BBC for trying to make money off ya
this scam could work only on elder and people without internet experience... you have to treat the internet as a "conspiracy theorist" especially when it comes to your work!
You know the scam is good when even Jim Browning himself falls for it
they are getting worse I recently applied for a job and they took my info and tried applying for benefits in California lol
I didn't need to re-subscribe. Keep up the good work.
i was scammed too and im a web developer   sometimes they just get you when you are not paying attention
Dang!  if Jim Browning can even get close to scammed we are all doomed.
Watching this had me thinking back to the infamous “The day that you almost caught Captain Jack Sparrow” line
I have this thing on my head like... Why can't share you knowledge to us sir. So we students ,can learn a lot from you and your work.
So the scammer got scammed... wow
Me who doesn’t even check my emails: I am 4 parallel universes ahead of you
Press delete
sometimes when you add 2 and 2 you get 22.
Okay, I have seen that youtube statistics screenshot before the 470k+ hours watchtime thing, I think I have seen it before not so sure I'll try and find it or just google lens or image search it. And yes, I am pretty sure that that screenshot is fake. He would literally have to be markiplier or dream to get those  amount of money and views.
Same goes for email@mail.onedrive.com (didn't look at the header though but on first glance it looks legit)
Petition for Jim to add a sprinkle of memes in his videos.  Eg. Undertale Music,  wii shop music and other stuff.
I always stop in my own tracks when so called support contacts me and break off all first contacts and back check why I was contacted and funny enough Google the contact methodology.  I never assume my actions based on other actions even slightly remotely related.  Dropping names or associations are a weak ploy anyway. Glad you caught this in time sort of.   Best to you.  SUBBED!
A warning to us all.
i feel more sorry for the scammer than anything when he tried to scam you of all people. some people surely don't have the braincells to realize when they should stop xD imagine being so cocky you think you can scam the nr one scam hunter in the world!! xD now THAT is sad xD
Jim I feel for you but I also think this needed to happen to you as this was red flags on top of red flags on top of red flags. A google chat message is never going to be the official communication channel for something like this, ever. Being from Google.com instead of youtube should've been red flag number one. Sure Google owns youtube but their support queries are via Youtube as are all of their communications. The threat of permanent suspension and the way that was worded in such a dire manner to illicit immediate action was also a red flag. Any panic inducing email should first trigger, "OK I'm ready to act without thinking, could this be phishing?" The casing in the chat was also a dead give away. Also, I'm sort of shocked you went along with "Are you using a PC?" didn't that trigger some kind of unsettled ironic feeling given your background with these scammers? Why does using a PC matter to Google? Is Youtube different on a Mac? I know you were kicking yourself in hindsight but sometimes I think we need to feel the heat of the flame to be reminded that fire is real. You're a hero to your audience but a target to these guys, you've gotta have a more paranoid mindset around your jewels, these guys are out to get you!
It looks a little obvious, the responses should be automated, therefore the informal language is an instant putoff
Hi Jim… do you have any experience with trying to track ransomware scammers?  My business was held ransom about a year ago and it cost a ton of money and either way it ultimately destroyed my business! I’d love to be able to track them down and simply get some answers out of them
Fork lift
Thanks for all you do to educate us on how these scammers operate, and for disrupting their enterprise. Glad you were able to get the account back.
Finally, the man, the legend is back!!!
Thank you for this eye opening video. I'm a small time channel owner but still you are amazing.
He got the spiffing Brit too
This is ironic as fuck
❤️
Excited to see Jim smite these scammers with the force of a thousand suns
Actual vid title: When the Master becomes complacent 😝 This just goes to show how easy it is to scam someone if you're not paying a 1000% attention all the time. Which is physically impossible.  Glad you got the channel back!!
Scammer is trying to dupe his father Jim
It's 'fun' because I got scammed in about the same way with my steam account. It was from a steam email but they used a Russian 'а'. Looks almost the same
lmao this is why i never check my gmail
So glad you got your acct back!  Btw, I got this notification, np still subbed.  Ty Jim. Much love to all!  If only we could restore our country so easily. :)
we neeed more subscribers so you get back on top back on tope in juneeeeee.. thats lfie!! :D welcome back
This is a SCAM!  Jim SETUP this whole thing just for PUBLICITY!
With 3.4mill subs hes probably made enough money to never ever work again in his life so if the Scammer had won hell still be ok
I think the analytics screenshot he sent was real, because the statistics are all trending downward most likely because since the scammer took the channel over the channel has had no new uploads and the original owner created a new channel and tried to make it known that the old one had been lost
The first mistake is that they are using a google form. despite there should have been a in-house system for that.
The person who scams scammer, got scammed.
Sir my channel was suspended 15 months ago, I have appealed many times, but my channel gives an appeal review within 3 minutes, what can I do!
It must be some group of people that co-ordinated this.  You been doing too much good work , and i bet you there were plans to work against your success. Glad u back lad
Perverse , this has probably made Jim a decent drink.
scammer scammer scammed
don't listen to youtube ever.
He's just fooling around with you by telling you that he's from syria. It's common in turkish youth.
Someone just tried to scam me how can I send you there information
Now hack into every neuron in their brain
My elderly parents got scammed and their confidence never recovered. They were trusting people and it took a lot of their hard earned savings. You’re doing great work! Thankyou
Good to see you back brother.
Hi
Glad you got your channel back. However youtube has been deleting channels for no reason in the Locksport community and removed a channel called Starrylock with1200 subscribes, eventualy they returned the channel and 4yrs worth of content but did not return the subscribers. Are you able to tell us how do we get the subscribers back, cheers
Always have a back up channel with your videos also on it
*"This guy is like the real life L from Death Note"*   ~Internet Jesus, 2021
That sucks Jim.
At 13:38 I think this is like pressing F12 on Google Chrome and editing the page.
Wild ! Thanks for sharing
Wild ! Thanks for sharing
I mean, if YouTube decided to delete channels that have duplicate adsense, wouldn't  they announce it in the press WAAY before they actually start doing it? Especially on such large channels as this. This is why you cross-reference your source of information, even within the same company. One legit support can say and do something completely else than the other.
SCAMMER WHO SCAMS GETS SCAMMED
Ha! Jokes on them I dont read any of my emails
Jim got a master class he will never forget...
Dam. If they can scam you we are all doomed.
Love your channel, massive respect for your transparency!
Sorry.  Now go delete some more scammers computers. Then show them the video.
6:50 " seven years of work , 170 videos and 3.3 million subscribers were instantly lost" ..well yea thats what you got for being and idiot and falling for something like that... not being rude im just pointing out the obvious.
man you are fuckin’ awesome. you admitted to falling for a scam so you could inform the public. way to go. good on you Jim, seriously.
This is bonkers
I don't remember if I was subscribed to your channel or just lurked...
🤔
The scammer did actually deleted the YouTube channel “Psyched Substance” - 2 million subscribers
955 scammers watched this video
Wonder what the guy thought when he read your “tech support scam” logo. Maybe he thought he was being played and thought you were going along with it
1:12 they didn't so much "send emails from that domain" or "set their from address" as stated -- This is a user, on Google Chat that has the display name "YouTube Support" and after attempting to message you they relied on the email being generated from the Google Chat service to you.  The email you received passed all the checks because it (the email) wasn't spoofed at all, the email was generated on Google's servers and sent by Google as a notification <somebody> messaged you.   Anybody that messages you should result in an email in the same format, from the same address being sent to you -- the things that change are the name it shows you, and the message you missed.
The big trade concordingly mourn because open cytopathologically program from a ill-informed booklet. tasteful, macho smoke
If you have get scammed then what about us ?
Never ever someone from such big organization will start a chat with a user. It's more likely you'll be struck by lightning :D
Damn, I would be embarrassed if I did what you do for the greater good and get caught up in it myself.
Really worrying. Interesting, because in comments on other channels some people will say "oh if you get scammed, you're an idiot." Clearly not true. Thanks for uploading this and thank the internet gods you got it all back.
Weird thing is I never check my emails so I never really got scammed
Dude. You got schooled!!!
Kkkkk
Wait is this what happened to We The Sus Music?
what if this is a deepfake
953 scammers disliked this video I guess😂go on! Keep doing what your doing
Hi Jim  Sorry to hear your channel got deleted, I have re-subscribed Please continue with your invaluable community service to all of us on the internet.............cheers  John
I have never watched your youtube vid. But I am guessing from the non stop videos showing you "scamming the scammers", visa scamming etc and non stop references to 'scamming' you yourself have written your own channel off from the Youtube team and legal team. Writing that word and other wording like. You will probably be automatically deemed as "that word" and your account will be banned. I personally don't really understand how you would not think this would have happened. You stated in your titles you were "S)))ming the S)))mers", What did you think would happen? PS. You can state someone is scamming, but you should be contacting the police (authorities), Not just posting this on YouTube just for views, etc. The law and police are there for a reason. Not for quick money making from Youtubers. Taking 'suspected scammers' into your own actions results in an unfair one sided view of these people. Yes they "may be scammers', but they may not be. YOU are dictating your OWN opinion without any actual Law enforcementent involved.
Well in the future when I get a scam email from @google I'll be thankful I watched this video. This video actually needs 100m views.
So this is how a scammer scam the anti scam. i guess no one is safe now
The 'I'm Youtube!!!' just sent me 🤣🤣🤣
Wow scambaiter’s video shows they know you jim the most recent one shows an indian saying “ yeah i know jim browning”
The email is from Google, it’s just a notification about a message on google chat.. nothing suspicious there
Wow I can't believe the anti scam man was scammed. Just goes to show it can happen to anyone.   Glad you got it sorted in the end.
Scammers always asked " Are you using a computer or phone".🚩
This is why I only talk to YouTube support via the chat built-in to creator studio.
July is my birthday
There was a channel called YoutubeBassBooster and his channel was deleted and owned by someone who changed the name to Entrepreneur Central. They made a community post with horrible English showing that it might not be their first language.
love your video jim,❤️❤️❤️from Philippines
He basically scammed the scammer by sending him the link in the chat and he actually clicked it XD boom got you
Thanks for the honest look behind the scenes when something does not work according to plan.  I was not aware of this particular scam so this was a very insightful video.
But how can you explain that I didnt have to resubscribe ?
Please stop mentioning the G word, it's causing the video to stop and my phone to ask me what I want.
Imagine if the FBI hired you 😳😮😮
So you were giving him pointers how to scam better and what you believed? One of Teslas companies developed an AI thats so incredible realistic the guy was chatting with his non- living-anymore GF for months and said it seemed so real, so the next scammer will be AI and real time chat.
I'm so glad you got your channel back that would have been heartbreaking for a lot of us fans!! Keep up the good works.  Maybe you can get revenge of some kind?? ;-)
During my security master studies, I was busy working on a project with team mates when I received a text message with a link from the local mail company, asking me to pay a few €s as import duties to get my mail delivered. No spelling mistakes and I was, at this exact time, waiting for a package sent from abroad. With this and my ongoing business, I gave my credit card number.. Felt so dumb.
How this guy can hack people when he falls for Phishing scams lmao!!!! 😂 😆 🤣and.... "A lack of clarity" lol!!! mate! it said it will DELETE it all, what's not clear there you deserved to be had lol! 😂 😝 😆 🤣
I wonder who all uses kali linux
I don't know what I'm more shocked by, the fact that Jim got scammed, or the fact that the sneaky little shit tried to recruit him 😆
Welcome back
Welcome to why I reply to all unknown users that send me emails, DMs, etc with "Is this a bot?" "Are you trying to scam me?" and "Are you trying to steal my account?" Usually the very first reply after is enough but if they then try to get you to click links, know they are likely a scammer BUT we all have friends that send us links and sometimes scammers have gotten hold of friend accounts so know your freinds and if they are acting strange just point-blank them one of the above questions. Scammers rarely respond well to instantly getting called out (phone scammer just hang up but messaging scams will often try a bit to get you to do it anyway.
Google fix your shit this is disgusting you are allowing people to do this. Very simple fixes prevent this.
btw the thing in this time line 20:23 is now fixed yay
Dam Jim! That was crazy and so happy for you that you didn't loose everything on YT! YOU ARE THE MAN!!
the good thing is you will get more subs lol
"Don't submit passwords through google forms."
Trying to scam someone with a profile pic that says "no tech support scams"....very smart
Plot twist, this guys Hasan abi
L.ife I.s F.orever E.ntertainment
I hope that guy who scammed you will get  an*l f*** in prison for 25 years
All scammers should be stoned to death!
jims coming for ya!
Y'know what? He almost got you! And that's crazy to think about, because you're smart as EHF.  Just goes to show. You gotta stay SHARP out there!
If we can get camera video of a scam call center, why can't we drop a Tomahawk on it?
They hired a professional scammer to attack you. Must be hurting their pockets hard.
10 bucks says one of the channels he exposed is getting revenge
LOL. A guy that exposes scams got scammed by a lame phishing scam. Not good.
This is awesome Jim!! It absolutely sucks that it happened in the first place, but this is great especially for other you tubers/upcoming you tubers to beware of.
I'm sorry this happened to you and I am glad you are sharing your experience. For anyone that may read this. NEVER click on a link provided in a e-mail unless you are expecting a specific link from a specific person. This is how every phishing scam works. They will try to scare and say that you need to log in to your account to verify information or something like that. The proper way to handle a situation like this is to log in to your account from a browser(don't click the email link) Then you can see if the information in the e-mail is accurate. In this case if Jim had logged into his adsense account instead clicking on the link he would know that it was phishing e-mail because there would have been no communication on his dashboard.
the spiffing brit had the same thing happen to him #Jim Browning
Lmao this happened to the spiffing brit too
Thank you for describing your experience. Even savvy creators can get tricked. To err is human, to learn is godly.
don't you have a YouTube advisor you can contact directly for people who have over 100k subscribers or something? if I had that I wouldn't mess with that email chat business
Imagine Jim at YouTube headquarters showing them how to get deleted YouTube accounts back.. awkward.
Very humbling experience; great vid as always. Don't stop the work Jim... you must save us all!
Would be nice if Jim Browning's output was more regular.
I got my channel deleted 😔
I almost lost my Steam account two weeks ago. First time I've ever been scammed I can't even imagine how losing 8 years of work would feal.
beep boop im a botgerithym bot
Eh so this super scammer came up with a scam that nearly fooled Jim Brown but he wasn't super enough to hide his actual IP behind a vpn?
Indians supported by Israeli agency . and Google CEO is indian. This connection used against you . big scams institutions centers in India . government corrupt.
Color me stupid, why would they want your channel deleted?  I admit I’m a you tube dummy and don’t understand all the nuances, I’m a reader not a creator. Just curious as to why??
The screenshot with the $16,169.10 on it could have been edited to display the large numbers. Perhaps by editing the HTML for displaying the page.
Love your work, Jim.  Just got a call from a Mandarin-robo call and decided to try and engage with the person behind the phone.  I got through on the call, but as soon as I replied "hello?" he hung up.  Would love to see a video of you or an ally take on these scammers!  Apparently trying to scare Chinese immigrants into revealing personal info.  I'm based in NZ and get these calls from an Australian number...
Holy cow! LOL I have 1 subscriber and have uploaded no videos but I will be very suspicious of any emails from "google.com" for any social media. Thank you Jim, and I hope the last remaining thing gets resolved soon.
Thank you for sharing .
The first major red flag was the grammar in the initial E-mail. For sure.
youtube shid their pants when they saw what the community was up to while he was goneeeee
Hakers ?
Even the scam baits get scammed.
Pretty funny that you got scammed ngl
Welcome back Jim place wasn't the same without you
Of topic but, my mother almost got scammed today. When I heard an Indian voice I already knew what's going on
IKR?!
Christ, man. The button even said Delete Channel. This is so disheartening. Glad you got your channel back, but seriously, even you fell for it?
lol the scammers are getting revenge
Jim Browning, the Batman of anti-scammers. Scammers beware, several criminal organizations have been hunted down and destroyed by this very clever man. Yours may be next. One of you actually succeeded in scamming him, but it was all for nothing, because he’s back now and he’s never going away again. So most of you have already lost. As the Joker once said, pretty soon you guys won’t be able to “get a nickel for your grandma.”
I can't believe he didn't address the usual advice to never click links in emails, no matter how convincing they seem.  Instead, always go to the source and work through the support channels from there.
Jim Browning scammed (almost). Now I have seen everything in this world!
Really appreciate you sharing this, Jim. No matter how secure one thinks they are, one cannot be complacent for even a few seconds.  I am so glad you got your channel and content back. Please keep posting the stories and tutorials.
Hello Jim Browning and fans. I was after a bit of advice is there a way to identify who is contacting you if you have their mobile number but don't know who it is? Maybe some internet site I can use. Any advice would be much appreciated.
It very much surprised me that you out of all people got scammed. It really scares me that in fact really ANYONE can get scammed. I had searched for you watch one of your videos before but I didnt find anything I didn't think of it much until I couldn't find your channel but I'm glad you have your channel back :)
Hey Jim, I really enjoy your channel. Over the last year I have taken an interest into a career in Cybersecurity. I have learned a lot, especially regarding social engineering and these types of scams. Would you say that the skills you use in the videos are useful to cybersecurity? Do you have a technical background in IT/Cyber, and if so can you suggest any skills that would be good for a novice?
Hey dude, I’m begging u try to get back at viagogo.. they sell tickets they don’t have.. they have made literal millions..not a small time scam.. and the ruining people of life time experiences and their money:(
This is creepy
he wouldn't need a screen shot of that account, as you know these guys are pretty good at editing HTML as part of their tech support scams.
F....ers messed with the wrong man, why can't these scammers do their homework??? idiots hope you find them....
An interesting idea would be setting up an anti call organization, a group of people who work together as one against the scam calls, that way you can have connections throughout the globe to help.
Bro you’re literally braindead for falling for this.
He really invaded your territory.
Sitting in Muğla, everything around him is burning down but this clever guy is only after Scamming you o.0 Maybe he is collecting money to sail towards geeece ;)
Ironic how spiff an exploit hunter and Jim an expert in scams are the ones caught but this
I think the reason this scam is so successful is that they don't ask for money, or gift cards, or anything like that until the damage is done. Some scammers just want to watch the world burn.
No one is safe.
oh youre not the only big youtube donk to fall for this haha
Jim was scammed... We're doomed.
IM SO GLAD YOU ARE BACK JIM!!!!  Idk what happened but I resubscribed!!!! Good to see you back!!!!!
12:20 The proper term is 2FA (2 factor authentication) or MFA (multi factor authentication). I wouldn't have guessed what "2-SA" means.
I think this is actually caused by a really poor UI in Youtube settings.  5:38 Shows the screenshot of the problematic UI. It first says that "currently connected channel will be deleted" and then follows the channel that's important to you *with no explanation why it's displayed at this position.*   Had there been label "THIS IS THE CONTENT THAT WILL BE DELETED:" I'm pretty sure this whole incident wouldn't happened.  The way the UI has been designed, it looks like you're going to *move* this content (170 videos and 3.3M subscribers) to another channel.
The no-"Tech Support Scam" Avatar in Google Chat... priceless xD
scam awareness got scammed... oof.  at least you figured it out, it was incredibly devious.
Yep...had something similar at work, got a "phishing test" email which was claiming to be an invoice but was actually a test.  A day before, we'd requested thru the company management quotes for some software and were told that they "the appropriate department would get back to us".  Yeah that sucked then to be told we "should not be clicking unexpected links"...BUT WE WERE EXPECTING IT
I've always thought that I had enough knowledge to see through any online scam, but Jim's experience has made me realise that absolutely anyone can have a "bad day" and miss a vital clue.
bro, alot of youtubers have this rn i see this is really bad
Wow, that's wild. I probably would have been tricked by that too. Glad to see you were able to get it recovered. This channel is a gem.
I hope YouTube can restore the url. I am subscribed and it is in good standing.
daaaaamn bruh, the man himself almost got scammed, shows you how careful you need to be out there
the youtuber "the spiffing brit" lost hes account the exact same way
Like the scammer, I was also very confused about 2SA. I've only ever seen it referred to as 2FA (two-factor auth) and I'm wondering now if 2SA is a UK thing?
Jim got scammed? We're doomed
asdhasdghsdas how the fuck did this guy from mugla hack you 😂😂😂
There’s little hope for any of us.
Even after you deleted your account ..it gives you ages to undelete your account if you changed your mind .. to prevent account take over YouTube supports 2 factor authentication
The earth has left its axis if JB has been scammed.
all endings: Good ending: the scammer went to jail when the channels got deleted Bad ending: all channels got deleted the end of youtube? Jail ending: scammer went to jail The end ending: all channels were deleted and you cannot create another account Does not exist ending: the scam was fake
Spoiler: it’s a scammer revolting against your channel of awareness.
Oh noes help
If this can happen to Jim Browning, what hope is there for the rest of us…OMG!!!
Scammers scam the scammer scammer
Oh no I’m sorry that you got the email that told you to delete your YouTube account
19:23 The majority of people throughout the pandemic
Most Jim Browning videos have a "Karma and Sweet Justice" to them, but this video, They nearly got the upper  hand on our "Crime Fighting Super Hero". This does Not feel like we won this one. JB- 3.4 mil     scammers- 1
in what world would an employer hire someone who just harmed him/her? if you can't behave and act humanely BEFORE you work for me, how am i to be sure you can do this as my employee representing my brand? it would seem ppl got this strange notion of "i get my 5 minutes of notoriety and get my dream job because that's how the world works". these ppl have seen too many gangster movies.
Youtuber Spiffing Brit just had the same scam pulled on him.
whilst no where near your level of expertise ive been concerned with the way google has been working in recent weeks, a lot of shady emails and strange activity going on with the extended google platforms
TIMEWORKS RAID!!!!!!!!!!!!
You are not alone... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6e43Rz__YM
Yes bad timing or so to say good timing for scammers happens,  I had an issue with multiply accounts with Microsoft.  So I  tried to clean up the account myself and quickly found I couldn't do it, so I called Microsoft and tried to have them walk me through it.  We ran into some Issues and they gave me a case#  asked my phone# for disconnection and e-mail,  when the scammers called I assumed it was the real Microsoft and went into action to clear up this problem.  It was only when he ran the windows program and told me it was a virus is when started to catch on.  also he showed me the disabled programs and most them I had disabled.  Sadly yes I gave them access to my PC.  I cut the connection in time and no files were lost,  but that is when the scammers were relentless in trying to scam me.  Needles to say I  searched the internet and finally found help in the form of YouTube channels.  I watched many scam baiters harassing the scammers and knew right away this was over my ability.  I did find Scammer Payback totally by accident and to this day I am glad I did, this person and many others like him are doing us a great service.  Like you said and I have expressed this to many people any one can fall into a scam, especially when there are so many different scams out there  Thanks You for all you do Mr. Browning  and all other scam baiters as well
I'm still subscribed, didn't have to resubscribe 👍🏻
Now this... Is an Avengers level threat.
That screenshot is likely inspect elemented
dang the scam destroyer got destroyed by a scammer
OF COURSE HES TURKISH HSHSJDHHFJ
Coincidental scams are pretty terrible  I recently purchased an item on ebay and coincidentally the next day I received an email from royal mail saying the will confiscate my package if I didn't pay an unpaid shipping fee  But low and behold the item had free postage and I contacted the seller and he hadn't even posted the item at the time of the email so I was pretty lucky I checked with him
The least convincing part of this is actually being able to contact youtube
bro the end scared the shit out of me
RESUBSCRIBED - What a story, I will be even more careful now °_° Thank You Jim
The Spiffing Brit was duped by this exact scam too, looks like its fairly widespread
Scammers paying high price to yotube to delete your channel
The loose ink predominantly invite because spark intialy blind within a subdued windchime. damp, numerous fuel
#JimsBackSuckers
its really true about coincidences really helping out scammers
I wonder if he ever got his channel back
This isn't a scam , it is direct attack by those scammers to take you down
Another red flag:  "We will permanently suspend your account" is an example of a shocking consequence to inaction that's not realistic when given critical thought.  It takes severe or repeat violations of the CG to earn an account termination and there's an appeal process after that.
At last, the scam scammer gets scammed. Nothing is impossible
I had to re click the bell for notifications but welcome back Jim
I'm amazed that they got Jim Browning of all people with this. No offense to Jim Browning obviously but you'd think if anyone doesnt get scammed like that then its him.
HONEY WAKE UP NEW CALL CENTRE DROPPING
Hello Jim ... You are doing a great job ..actually I want to tell you about one scammer , I hacked some details about him , he live in mumbai ... And he is doing cryptocurrncy scam , he said that he will invest your money in crypto to doubling it in 3 hours . .and then say  that their software is hacked and bla bla ... I can tell you more about it ..if you want to know ..it will be so good if you do something about it also ..thanks 💜
Youtube support sounds like indian english
Interviewer: “So tell me about your work history.”  Him: “I managed to trick Jim Browning into deleting his channel”  Interviewer: “My apologies sir when can I start?”
never mess with the real hacker
DUDE HIS PROFILE PICTURE IS LITERALLY "Tech Support Scams", HOW DID THE SCAMMER NOT NOTICE
20:30 Nope I'm still subscribed.
18:42 under subscriptions; PonySmasher?
Someone of Jim Browning's standing to not keep quiet about this and actually tell everyone is a mark of the man he is.  Anyone who scambaits and has a big ego would have kept quiet about this.
They fucked with the wrong YouTuber. Get 'em Jim!
In hindsight, he isn't using perfect English. There are still multiple punctuation errors in the scammer's text. It's great you were able to get it back!
Just got off the phone with the Skii or do you want his number the scam was somebody use my card in Columbia so they need to know which bank are use how much money I have in my bank and the number to my local police station
Go on Jim Brownning the only guy that actually scams these SCUMMERS,being from Donegal Parents I love your interceptions of these CLOWNS going on old folks calls of madeUp Numbers to empty all Accounts of  thousands of pounds to gift cards / PayPal / why anyone would ring these support BOGUS LOT . That need a confirmation 2 - step verification FIRSTLY ..... These tramps think they can " pray to there Muhammad Kk of hard cash until Jim came to TOWN"😂😂😂😂😂🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Well Done Jim 👍🏻👍🏻🍾🍾🍾
"anyone can be scammed" - if you eat kraft dinner.
And how many people have been scammed by COVID-19, then....? I'd say it's in the billions... Start your research with Kary Mullis and the PCR test....
Glad you got your account back. The only thing I can say is whether its an email or phone call, always go directly to the source in question and not through the email with link or number the caller gives you. If YouTube sends an email go to the actual site to contact them. I have made this a habit and never been scammed.
Jim browning finally gets scammed after messing with scammers for years
Imagine Jim Browning in Watch dogs Legion!
I was blackmailed by someone telling me to send them $1200 US or they would post a horrible Facebook video on my page about me within 48hrs. Funnily enough 3 days and no money or video sent later, they still don't even know my name lol.
Return Of The King
When the scammer strikes back
https://i.imgur.com/FVldYF4.png
First, I am OLD. I have been "online" since the old BBS dayz (metered time, tying up a land line for hours), and I remember gasoline costing .08 cents a gallon. Yes, I am OLD. But this is yet another classic case of nuclear weapons, aka "just-because-you-can-doesn't-mean-you-should", namely the push to put everything online, make the end user do all the work while profits go up, usually under the guise of user's being "self-sufficient". Online services completely lack ANY telephone support. Nothing. If you're lucky to have a local site supporter, you may actually be able to walk in their office & talk to a human being. Now ANY contact is textual & most likely coming from another country that really doesn't take customer service seriously. So local employers are squeezed out of the market & customer service goes down. All because ya'll were hypnotized by the glamor ("Looker" tek) of the web. You have been assimilated. In closing, boycott "self-service" - give someone a job & relax while the station pumps your gas & the stores check your groceries out!
A millionaire does not have a Galaxy A50 lol
I've been scammed/almost scammed multiple times. The one I remember the best is when I almost lost my brand new Diablo 3 account. My dad bought Diablo 3 with Reaper of Souls for me so I could play with my friends and I got a weird message aboug something being wrong with my acc and I needed to log in to confirm it was me or something. I was 15 at the time, thought nothing of it, did it and continued playing. I didn't even have Blizzard's 2SA on. Next day, I couldn't log in. Thankfully I managed to recover my account that same day and set up 2SA. Also had my Steam account almost stolen twice, too.
On the contrary i think serious youtubers big and small should create a change.org sort of campaign and demand some reforms, this youtube policy of not giving a fuck about youtubers need to be stopped. This is a business and youtubers should demand rights.
13:35 looks like a Creator's insider video.
Hey Jim,I picked up your stuff a few months back.Its been for ever realising what is going on in the world of Scammers.They are the SCUM,OF THIS SYETEM,they don't care who they SCAM.ESPECIALLY THE OLD PEOPLE.That is the lowest of the low, but they don't have the conscience of what they do.i am 62 year old male, and live in Australia,and my pass has seen what people are capable and willing todo for the dollar or not,I use to think I knew people, but It took time, to see and meet a few hundred, and believe there stories, no I was in a place were I learnt to live the life of not a free man.But what I did learn was looking into the eye's and got the drift.in these time's its so different, its not the eyes its the tech know,Scammers are the Sore of the oldies these days, they think they know computers and yet we get played over and over.so why,?you nearly got played but a lot of us oldies don't get to be so switched on.so explain if you can.I also know that you try to get in-between it and help the old people to stop being scammed and they are getting frustrated because they are getting worked over and don't know who to believe.Jim,you do do a FANTASTIC JOB,we just want to know you Magic as simpatic as you can.I am not one that has been Scammed yet, but on behalf of all the old people.THANK YOU JUST WISH THERE WERE MORE PEOPLE LIKE YOU A BIG THANK YOU JIM.
I wilL send yOU the emAil agaIn  It wIlL work better!
Having worked in the humanitarian sector in that part of the world, I do believe he might actually be Syrian. Certainly fits the profile of a relatively young (late 20s?), educated Syrian refugee in Turkey.
I’m getting scam e-mails from my bank that look scarily legit. They even have the thing at the bottom saying “we’ll never ask for personal info” but all the links are redirects.
Nice to see you got your videos back up. this is important information. best of luck Jim
What if the scammer was the other Jim Browning and this was all a ploy to take out the competition? 🤔🤔
Sometimes you get good, sometimes you get got
Jim, I think you are being too trusting with their police forces, expecting them to do something.   When you find out that some police forces are NOT doing anything.  Then within the information, you should state that you have informed them a few times and nothing has been done, If this continues you will be sending it straight to the news stations or newspapers in their areas.  That might force them to do something through sheer embarrassment.   What you don't consider is maybe some of these police are getting a financial kickback from the owners of these scammers call centres.   Just a thought. .
I’m still subscribed!
Who is this really?
hiya jim, i recently saw an ad and i am skeptical that i may be being scammed (or that they are trying to at least). I entered a fake email and burner phone number into a registration form for “free money” but the guy doing the ad seemed to be rather convincing as he had a clear motive to giving people money. however soon after i received a whatsapp message and a flurry of phone calls to my second phones number. And i declined the calls but went along with the messages and some were in relatively broken english and it seems that they have a script to copy and paste at hand which i assume they would read out had i answered the phone. Anyways, now they have given me the option to go to a link or use a screen mirroring application and as i have watched and enjoyed your videos for a long time, this was a big red flag to me. Hope you see this comment and maybe you can help me out.
"No matter how smart or well-educated you are, you can be deceived." - James Randi
Thought he said google cunts lol
The "The Spiffing Brit" and a lot more big channels were hit by this, glad it didn't take - keep up the good work :-)
Man I've always been convinced that I couldn't fall for any type of scam just being so aware of all of them. This'll really put me on edge.
You know what, as a person in IT I had huge respect for you getting this information out to others. Now I have 5-10 times the respect for you admitting that you fell for this and warning others, you could have just been quiet, but you were not. Thank you.
The url https://www.youtube.com/jimbrowning is back to your channel.
These fcks are really laughing now
i think spiff akso got hit by this.
The thoughtful collision biologically colour because department whitely exist out a curious loan. rapid, torpid dashboard
😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😂🤣😂🤣😂😂🤣😂🤣🤣😂🤣🤣😂
Jim i respect you so much your a star
we all make mistakes and we learn from them. now that you made this mistake you wont ever make it again now that you know! well unless you forget that mistake. hopefully this never happens again! glad you got your channel back!
yay! you got your channel back!
im glad you got your channel back bro!
Subbed
Lifehack: just don't read or answer emails
Wow, you're recording the process.. do you always do that?
You got scammed. COME ON MAN😑
Thank you for not hiding this.  This is important to share.  Well done.
glad to see you are back, i was ready to have a little poke at you, but you don't need that right now and you know your mistakes so lets leave it at that
To me that very first email was a tell. Weird how language immersion and knowledge are so different.  “We are awaiting your reply?” And several other early tells
LMAO, SAD..........
Thank you for this video Jim.  It takes a real man to admit they got caught out.  What I take from it is that anyone can indeed get scammed.   Please remember how many people (myself included) that you have helped and thought.  I was completely unaware of half of this cowardly practice.  Keep up the fantastic work and remember,  we are all behind you.  All 3 million of us.
19:08 Me who has nothing to lose.
Who comes from timeworks too?
Wow the scammers are evolving
In the age of coverup; thank you for your transparency Mr. Jim
"I hope to recover it directly"... the only people I know to use the word directly or ("Dreckly") where most people would say quickly are the Cornish. Looks like your Scammer learned English in Cornwall. Probably lived there for a long time. Either way they are very meticulous.  Just so you know  "Dreckly" is also a polite way of saying "shut up, I'll do it when I feel like it!". I thought he might've been English for a second but some of the grammar is definitely not English.
I'm sorry that this happened to you and other creators. For anyone else suspicious of anyone asking for your details or not, check the bottom of the screen at around 07:44. It literally says "Never submit passwords through Google Forms". It's annoying that people will probably only see that after deleting their channel though. 😤 I can't imagine how traumatic this must be for any creator who has experienced it first-hand.
Doh! So embarrassing Jim but thank you very much for sharing that truth so others can spare themselves.  You truly are a great man.
Good to hear you didnt just get hacked, i was kinda worried when i searches for your channel and got nothing lol
😂😂😂😂
the end.... :p lol
If Jim could get scamemd I am so scared rn
Love how Jim’s NI accent comes out in text chat haha.. Naw
Nice to see you back Jim.
Problem with the 2fa is somebody is still going to verify because chat will tell them it's part of the process. At that point it seems like google support sending out the 2fa and they will tell you to click 'yes it's me' to confirm and continue. If the scammer gets that far I'd say at least a 50% chance the person falls for authenticating 2fa...
The lesson here…don’t action anything from an email, text or call. Simply Google the official contact and that rarely goes wrong.
Love how this also happened to The Spiffing Brit
The part that you got lucky was that you were able to contact and get any action from YouTube. Something many of us haven't been able to achieve
Wow! Scary stuff!
The greatest scam destroyer of all time, gets scammed into deleting his channel HAHAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAH
This is diabolical.
YouTube needs to arrest the scammer NOW! This is going too far!
That you came out for it is amazing. You are great and i wish you the best!
That is really sad. But one can get really involved in these matters, because it is so serious, you are in shock and horror because as you say it is 7 years of hard work down the tubes. I am glad you managed to get your account restored!!
Yay. Now I’m even MORE paranoid about emails and links. But in all seriousness, I’m glad you got your channel back and I didn’t even know this was happening until now.
wow - Jim got dismantled himself -
if youre a scammer , you can learn alot from jim browning , as the saying goes   "to defeat an enemy , you must know them , not just theyre battle tactics , but theyre whole life , theyre culture , habits , everything about them , and everything related to them , theyre family , theyre friends , theyre co workers , theyre favorite food."  like the grabify link , thats why you shouldnt be clicking on random links people give unless you actually trust them lol
Question: are you real Jim?
Huh, this guy got The Spiffing Brit, too XD
This is the most terrifying thing about scammers...  They're usually so frigging dumb that you might not expect one to be clever and creative...  I once get scammed because the scammer used the name of a thrusted person in a chat.  Little that I know it wasn't actually the same name because 1 character in the name wasn't a proper ascii character...  Same apparent letter, but NOT for a computer...
Well poor lad the other Jim Browning and his grandkids video
PRIMECRACK1 iG is the best 💯 sure of his job
PRIMECRACK1 iG is the best 💯 sure of his job
PRIMECRACK1 iG is the best 💯 sure of his job
PRIMECRACK1 iG is the best 💯 sure of his job
PRIMECRACK1 is the best 💯 sure of his job
PRIMECRACK1 is the best 💯 sure of his job
Hi Jim are you active on LinkedIn or some one has made account on your name
Scam Wars: Revenge of the Filth  <Why are scammer thots replying to this comment?>
how can i contact Jim Browing, I am scammed too
You said that 2 step authentication would save you but 2SA can be be intercepted. Were you hoping the scammer didn’t have the skill or technology to do this?
Jim I watched Crtikal video before I watched this I wanted to into more detail glad you got your channel back
This youtube scammer outplayed someone who took down a fucking call center, this guy is a supervillain
whoever is spamming the comment sections about jim being cringe must have been one of the scammers from previous videos
Scammer was telling the truth when he said don't tell them you got scammed...
I really can't be scammed because of  I'm schizophrenic and I trust no one  also have delusional paranoia
Not even the little guys are safe im not even at 200 subs yet and theyre preying on me
This guy is obviously brilliant
It seems like they didn't "hijack" a @google.com email, so much as Google sent you a real notification email about having a new message on their proprietary messaging service. It just so happened that this new message was masquerading as additional information from Google. The small print at the bottom specifies that this email represents a chat message from a user, which is meaningless if you didn't know having a Google account included being part of its messenger.
The cheap staircase naively wrestle because budget enthrallingly juggle following a garrulous viscose. quarrelsome, imported sardine
I just noticed i wasn't a sub anymore,  :(
Scammers: "Ladies and gentlemen, we got em"
hacked
It can happen to anybody, I'm learning a lot about cybersecurity these days and it's insane what traps are laid out there and the lack of prosecution or support. I'm really sorry Jim.
Scamming the scammer scammer?
This wont work if you dont ever check your email
Jim Browning reminds me of Liam Neeson from Taken. This is great.
your account ought to get closed. clout seeking is disgusting
@jim browning can you do a video on the “one billionth google search you won a prize” scam thx
You can never scam a Cat 🐱   Great 👍 video Jim ✨☕️✨
Jim Browning got bamboozled lmao that's embarressing
i like how you take things very calm... love your job Mr.Jim... thanks for sharing your experience 👍👍
Yeah These kind of people are the ones responsible for the Targeted Shadow Banning against Conservatives in the US. They only get fired once they get caught doing their BS. Jim... you might just be another collateral damage victim by Leftwing Big Tech. He probably Got a B1 Visa at one point then moved back home. Big Tech is infamous for outsourcing instead of promoting in house.
The first thing we did before joining youtube was we searched “fuck youtube “...wish we payed attention to the feedback
Happy for you brother! Congratulations for having your channel back!
Find the scum Jim and DESTROY THEM
I WANNA KNOW WHY THEY TOLD YOU YOU CANT GET IT RESTORED... They gotta get this straight... This is more than just an over sight...
DUDE... THIS SHYTS AWESOME... SCAMMING THE SCAMMER .. FUCK YES MAN
it just goes to show how "deleting" something off a big tech Corp database is useless... :)
Scammers are getting revenge. I hope you get them Jim.
Over the past few months I've come across verified YouTube channels with 100k+ some even 1 million+ subscribers, who have zero videos but only a "live" stream about cryptocurrency. They renamed the channel to "Ripple XRP" and the live stream had some overhyped clickbait title about an impending XRP boom. Turned out it's an old video from a few years ago with the CEO Brad Garlinghouse of Ripple having an interview with Business Insiders. They edited the video to have a scroll banner at the bottom of the screen (where you'd usually see stock prices) and had message saying something like "Ripple CEO is doubling your tokens for the next few minutes only. Send any amount of XRP to wallet #XYZ and we will return double the amount". To have it directly in the video made it look more professional rather than as a video description. Quite an old Crypto scam but the way it was pulled off with a channel that had 100k or even 1 million+ subscribers, verified and a live stream that looked genuine, really made me look twice. I can only assume that someone's YouTube channel got hacked/scammed, they deleted all the videos, renamed it and put up that fake live stream. I guess this is one way to "monetize" from a stolen YouTube account. Even if the scammer just runs that fake live stream for a few minutes or hours, I am sure some people fell for it.
This guy got the spiffing brit too
Jim, you just published your email address
I hope that isn't your email on the addressed to... 😬
good thing i never check my email
I always try to gaslight scammers
Ironic. He could save others from scammers, but not himself
Another youtuber I watch had the same thing happen. When it got to the two step verification, the scammer simply asked him for the verification code. Lucky that's the point that triggered his suspicion.
This scam is the stupidest and worst thing that can happen to ANY YouTuber who trusts it. I don’t exactly know WHO created this stupid scam but it is extremely dumb.
It might be the spiffing Brit's channel
Jim got scammed ... have pigs started flying yet?!
Imagine being the scammer and seeing his pfp
I am pleased to know you are back! 👍😀🇨🇦
im willing to bet this was done by someone in youtube/google because they don't like this type of content, with their history of censorship and anti american agenda youtube will gladly mess the channel of someone who is making scammers look bad, because google will say its 'discriminatory' against indians,
that is why you should never mess with us Indians....we are coming after all these scammer "exposing" channels on youtube who are continuously defaming our country
I have a question How did you fall for that I would’ve said no to them when they said to delete it Edit: after watching a bit I realized that it was not via the dеI your channel menu (but it also said on the page that it was replacing Main with Brand
never expected him of all people to be scammed
*I'm Youtube*
The other Jim will be happy about what happened. B-)
Jim, you are a wonderful person, and all of us more computer savvy types, with loved ones that might fall for this stuff, salute you sir. You're a gift to humanity, and I hope you're able to continue to do your good work for many years to come. Thank you so much!
Wow! How right you are!!!
It would also help if genuine employees of such companies don't come across as being shady AF. I had a problem with my Ubisoft account and the tech girl I was chatting too kept asking me for screen-shots of my steam account. I had already sent one screen-shot showing the Ubisoft game in my library, but she kept asking for more - so I told her I thought she was a scammer and never got to resolving my problem.
Sp00ke
well that was brutal   sorry that happened to you
Your sign was that it was responsive customer support. All kidding aside thanks for making it a teachable moment.
Thank you for sharing your experience. We are all human!
"Even the smartest can be ignorant." - some guy
5:13 I'd end up stopping there and saying its fake, you are literally replacing a channel with one that has nothing on it.
All the things he owns is full of cap
I'm glad your channel survived, along with my subscription. Cheers to Christopher.
This email was received in my mail same as yours. Thanks Jim. I'm always your content lover.
Your Outro at 21:00 seems to suggest your Twitter is just "JimBrowning" and not "JimBrowning11". Did you have the old URL in the past?
20:23 This is fixed too,  i just did the search test on google.
13:05  Possibly inspected
Just got a scam call today, first one with a rea human on the other end. A bit strange
Same thing happened to PsychedSubstance.....same exact one got him too.
Jim is pissed...this scammer is fucked.
This is the worst idea... ever seen
Thanks - it’s just so damned easy to be scammed. It’s scary to think they even got you!
Did you try contacting the guy's ISP? I doubt they'll do anything based on a single report but I'm sure they don't want people running scams on their service.
I had something like this happen to me before. Not with YouTube or Google but I was convinced because the thing I used was not transparent about how they would contact you about said issue I was having and that opened the door for scammers.  Companies need to be crystal clear on how they are going to contact you, and they need to have some sort of official digital watermark of sorts that can't be copied.
lmao a guy cracking down scams gets scams
What I do Jim might help you also if it happens or you see something I  use computer then  message link of said person site to my phone then see on google or go to it if it takes longer  has suspicious stuff cause apple phone you can just look at site then quickly create new web  search  delete previous one  then if that happens or you see from google Reddit or stuff scam on them is same or  in way similar you can track location of said person that’s what I do I had similar one to sports card company panini fake one and I think people should double check in this format or even use stuff you know
They may have fooled him at first but all kudos to Jim for using his knowledge and experience to realize the scam at the crucial stage before he gave them his info and passwords. In the end, the scammer got nothing.
How could you….
I'm so happy to see you back Jim. Down with the Scumbags who did this.!
This scammer is a daredevil, literally challenged the man that take down scammers.
Dude all your videos are there
I could not find your channel and wondered what happened
Wow glad you've got your channel back
Some nation states are already harboring undesirables, them stepping up to hoaxes just don't improve their case. I know there are good people in this world but they're not the ones running the show. Wink wink.
"I'm Youtube"  lol
Jim: is this a scam? scammer: it is a beautiful day isn't it?
Wow I don’t know how you got through to real YouTube. I accidentally deleted a video and never as much as got YouTube to help at all.
lmao the scammer has the same phone as me
Thanks Jim for admitting you're human....now I don't feel QUITE as stupid for falling for the one I fell for. Cheers from Learned his lesson in Canada North
You know its a scam not by ALL The things Jim's just said, you know its a scam when you keep saying x and the individual KEEP ignoring x after numerous tries.
Man that sucks. I love your videos.
So glad to see you back in action Jim! Thanks for the content and everything you do.
ur back
I used to work as a tier 3 rep for internet support, and I've handled my fair share of phishing and scamming attempts for customers....and even still, I got caught off guard with a work email with a link saying how most emails couldn't be loaded and to click here to load the rest, and as SOON as I clicked the link I knew what I did, luckily it was just the in house IT guys with a 'gotcha' meme.
"what do you mean real support?" "I'm YouTube"! Wow, even when they know they are caught they still don't let up on that do they? LOL that's something else... so glad you got your channel back dude. Sometimes Google is a huge liability, as Andrew Spinks (a.k.a. Redigit, the proprietor of Relogic and lead dev of Terraria) discovered earlier this year, but sometimes, and with enough pressure, they actually come through in a timely manner…
Damn... they got ya. bastards
They're getting more aggressive. I think those scammers marked you as a high-priority target, and decided to take you down for good.  Luckily, that attempt failed, but damn, that's a really aggressive tactic.
I'm a long time Patreon supporter and have always been impressed by the important work you do. Now I'm further impressed by your humility. We all need to be extra diligent. If you can be scammed, anyone can be scammed. Cheers, and keep up the good fight.
remember the google hack from 2019? it was by a ex employee who was able to get put over 3 million account infos. and they were never caught? the whole source code with backdoor password. so this scam is by a current ALPHABET employee.
If I could pay Jim to do a tech course I definitely would be paying up
Why can people email from Google chat?
Same thing happened to spiffing brit :)
Check Youtube channel Meet Kevin, he did a video on Youtube add revenue (with screen shots) recently.
Good English? I'm sorry but, "permanently suspend" doesnt really mean anything.
as you ought to know, the first thing most scammers will try to do is instill a sense of urgency to throw you off your game. Since your livelihood (or a significant chunk of it? I don't know how much you make) comes from your Google account/AdSense, I can totally understand why this worked on you. So what would you have done differently if you had noticed the red flag? That is, had you noticed they were trying to make you rush, how would you have proceeded? would you have completely ignored the email (despite the apparent threat to your income), or maybe tried to find out from Google's support forums whether it was legitimate?
I was almost caught out with a royal mail text message scam by coincidence as well. I was expecting a package that was already a day late when i got text message saying i missed a delivery and needed to pay a fee for re delivery and i was very close to falling for it before i realized the link didn't quite match up and the fact they would simply try again another day and bring it back to the local depo.
Scammers were not happy....
Now no one has to feel bad about being scammed…. They even got Jim
What do you mean by real support?  I''m Youtube
How the hell was he recording?
This is proof anyone can be got this way.  Very happy you got your account back and glad you made this video. What a load of b.s we can't reinstall your channel. Youtube servers would be backed up every 5 minutes. Meaning all can be restored.
These scumbags took revenge on you, take these scumbags back.
How does the GOAT jim browning get scammed tho???? Crazy
the /JimBrowning is working again
scammer tried to scam this man, in return he use that to made a video and get good money out of it.
اندرويد باشا عارف انك هنا 😂
If they do not address you by your full name or creator name its 100% FAKEEEE but you're right it is elaborate that email even with masking googles email that HI at beginning of the email gives it away the scam Great video thanks for sharing
Jim when others get  scammed: They should of looked but they were to dumb When Jim gets scammed: (Excuses
I would have really loved it if your channel got really deleted!
A scammer tried scamming an anti-scammer 🤣
When someone that hunts scams falls for a scam, we know scammers are evolving....
ZIt is your accent. You sound like God.....or Goddish. Not sure which. Rock on. Much Respect! Oh, my capitalization is not right....promise I am not a hackerz.....in my day they were just open back doors...with no locks whatsoever.
Outstanding-Thank you for your Honesty!
Your accent and voice are second to none bro, I'm jealous haha.
Thanks for making this video!  Your other videos are very informative and enlightening, but this personal experience proves just how insidious these scams can be for even the most experienced individuals.  Your pain will be others' gain, I have no doubt of it!  Great job, Jim!
Schoolboy error Jim! Shame on you! :)
Unsubscribed & re-subscribed, just to make sure the subscription is linked to the right account. ;-)  Thank-you Jim & welcome back!
Resubscribed! Sorry that happened to you
Much appreciation to the real Jim Browning for shining a light on the nasty corner of the web.
What an abominable practice!  To think that these cons have some intelligence & technical skills, but instead of doing the hard work themselves in creating a lucrative channel, they choose to flat out still the income of others.   I wouldn't want to be in their shoes when their Karma hits the fan!
So in summary, the scammers scammed the scammer of scammers who in turned managed to scam the original scammer
Scammers are bold to come after you😂
-makes 16.000 a month -spends 1 hour to scam people for 100 dollars  mmmh.....
The scam baiter got baited.
Wooow that was crazy
@Jim maybe you could ask this other Jim Browning to delete or move his channel :)
The irony of a yt channel about catching scammers , got scammers
Glad ur back
Reminds me of when I convienintly got a package scam text message (asking me to pay a toll fee) when I ordered stuff on the web and was expecting packages at the time... I caught up on it trough its weird domain.  Also the whatsapp name "youtube support" reminds me of "steam worker" on Discord who scammed me and did took control over my steam account for a few days and apptempted to empty my bank account too.
the easiest way to get around these scams is do something ive done for years, get an email? go to the source and then go to the actual support channels.  it may take longer if it is a real link but its worth the added safety, if you would have done this you would have never gone into that chat.
About the screenshot: The guy may have edited these numbers in the HTML code.
Don't you have a YouTube or Google account manager? I'm wondering why you didn't contact them directly before filling out any forms on-line?
At the bottom of the google form, it said it was created inside Google.
There's always a new scam and always new tactics. There are so many of these parasites that they go through an evolution process, survival of the fittest. I'm not surprised one made it through to be at least partially successful with someone even as sophisticated as Jim Browning.
So glad your channel was properly restored! I didn't have to resubscribe 😁
lol so that's why I unsubscribbed all of the sudden
This is like killing john wick's dog
This is a pretty impressive scam. Sorry you fell for it, it really just comes down to being in a state of transition or uncertainty. Your videos are so interesting but they always make me so bummed that someone, often many someones, are willing to steal from anyone and everyone they can.
I keep getting innocent comments deleted. This will likely not even stay up. So I tried deleting my YT, and they wont let me. I am getting really upset. I spent a lot of money on youtube. Buying movies, subscriptions, watching their ads. This is so unfair.
Bro that email looks so dodgy lmao why would it be from google
Some of the wotb youtubers had this
These days you can automate scams with perfect English which would technically replace human scammers
Were the grammar mistakes in the original email not an instant red flag?
Right out of the Pleasant Green playbook!
Same for me about 9 months ago…. no reason or warning. I queried that, got no response. More recently, I received a letter apologising for the cutoff, and the account was reinstated. They’re morons.
Can we all stop advertising grabify, it's a fucking scam
That Mark Rober comment reminds me of this one meme I saw on Emkay: Hacker: I have all your passwords! Me: OH THANK GOD! Can you share them with me?
No wonder I cant find this channel. I had trouble sleeping because i cant listen to jim browning
By now I've reached a state that I just click mark as spam for every email that I receive. 🤷🏼‍♂️
That guy had me convinced from the start lol
i am youtube
It's really scary how scammers are getting more and more clever with deceiving people. I just want to say that it's really sad how YouTube Support won't even bother with smaller channels that fell for this same exact scam.
Wow, that is a sophisticated scam to be fair. I guess, in retrospect, the inconsistent grammar in the first message should have been at least a small red flag. But they had this well worked out.... If even Jim Browning, superhero superbrain of active anti-scammers, can be almost fooled... then we all need to be hyper-aware. Some scammers actually have brains, and individualistic/solid plans. Although it's the minority.
if this man goes rouge, the world will be doomed
At thr end of it all were still human and make mistake
If you can get scammed, I am sure anyone could!!
13:35 if the image screenshot was sent to you via WhatsApp, you can see if the image has been compressed by increasing its contrast to the maximum. A PNG image does not have any artifacts but JPEG or V9 does. Now I don't know if JPEG and V9 COMPRESSION artifacts are the same. If it's V9, it's video thus coming from a YouTube video. If it's JPEG then it's a screenshot on PC if no artifacts are visible it is most certainly PNG or BMP which is definetly legit. I cannot check here because its your YouTube video. But you have the original picture.
Strange that he picked you and claimed he didn't know your channel content unless that was a scam too.
"can you send me some money so leave this thing"
Okay this is FUCKED up bro I just don't understand...
I never answer phone calls or emails anymore cuz I got scam once. It’s one of the worst feelings and idk how ppl can do this
Hehehehehe the scam catcher got scammed
Goggle can dig into the server logs and track where the scammer came from. The internet is kept wide open when in reality it could be locked down and white listed so that no unwanted traffic could pass.
Here from Timeworks, I’m sorry for the whole ordeal you had to go through, and I hope others won’t but here’s a view and sub!
The same exact thing happened to phycedsubstances and I recon even more creators as well
The filthy freezer jointly embarrass because thursday surely pull during a fuzzy  flame. fine, inquisitive soybean
Jesus is God & He loves you  Jesus will soon be seen by all men, women, and children up in the clouds. Jesus is returning now! Believe and be saved.  Exodus 3:14 (God speaking) And God said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I AM hath sent me unto you.  John 8:58 (Jesus speaking) Jesus said unto them Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am.  John 10:30 (Jesus speaking) I and my  Father are one.  Isaiah 9:6 For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, *The everlasting Father,* The Prince of Peace.  Matthew 1:23 Behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, *God with us.*  John 1:1 & 14 1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God 14 And the Word was made flesh (Lord Jesus), and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.  John 8:24 (Jesus speaking) I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins for if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins.  John 14:9 (Jesus speaking) Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou then, Show us the Father?  Hebrews 1:1-3 & 8 (God calls His Son "O God" because Jesus IS God in the flesh). 1 God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets, 2 Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds; 3 Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high; 8 But unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: a sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre of thy kingdom  1 John 5:7 For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these three are one.  Titus 2:13 Looking for that blessed hope and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ  Revelation 1:7 Behold, he cometh with clouds; *and every eye shall see him,* and they also which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him Even so, Amen.  Isaiah 44:6 (God speaking) Thus saith the LORD the King of Israel, and his redeemer the LORD of hosts; I am the first, and I am the last; and beside me there is no God.  Revelation 1:8 (Jesus speaking) I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, *the Almighty.*  Revelation 22:13 (Jesus speaking) I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last.  ---  There Are None Righteous / How To Be Saved  Romans 3:10 & 23. 10 As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one: 23 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;  Luke 5:31-32 (Jesus speaking) 31 And Jesus answering said unto them, They that are whole need not a physician; but they that are sick. 32 I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.  1 Peter 3:18 (The word “quicken” means “to make alive”) For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit:  Romans 10:9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.  Acts 4:12 Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.  Ephesians 2:8-9. 8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: 9 Not of works, lest any man should boast
I nearly got scammed like this, so I did a little trolling and made a new account (even though this one has nothing) and sent it to them. I said that I knew it was a scam and that a gave them a new account I just and then blocked the scammer. Don't worry I'm totally fine!
Lol
Google's customer support is very slow and very inefficient. Glad you got this sorted though!
the irony
HOLY SHIT EVEN SOMEORDINARYGAMERS GOT THE SAME EXACT SCAM MESSAGE WTF
This really hurt my soul, hate people falling for scams, ugh 😖
If they got Jim then none of us are safe!
You still rock Jim
The one time I fell for a spear phishing training at work was remarkably similar. The scary "the bureaucracy screwed you, and it's going to screw you even harder if you don't click this link" email is incredibly persuasive as it feeds into the existing expectations (bureaucracies are expected to screw up) and the worry shuts off the critical thinking part of your brain.  Really appreciate your sharing.
Proof that even the pros can be off their game by REALLY GOOD scammers.  That is how bad the scam problem is.
not all heros wear capes
Happened to a few people huh?
Syrian? Bringing us honest hard working Syrians shame. We work hard for our living.
I think LinkedIn has this same issue/vulnerability. I received an email with the @LinkedIn.com about a network request with a message that didn't actually exist.
The Spiffin Brit got caught by this one too. Ended up deleting his own channel too.
This is the most ironic thing ever lmao
wow that's cray cray
Glad you were able to get it all back!!  I takes a strong person to admit their mistakes and share it to help others!  One thing I’ve learned to do is if I get correspondence like this, I contact the entity directly through their own communication channel and never by the links or numbers the imposter provided.  It’s kind of like doing a second factor authentication to verify that the issue is legit.  You’re doing an amazing job and can’t wait to see more!!  👍 👍 👍 👍
The youtub will decide your fate…  I AM THE YOUTUB
happy you got it all back ... I like watching your videos
lovely big chunky irish ballbag on you admitting you got done so that future victims have a chance
I think the JimBrowing guy is really thankful. You already doubled his subscriber base xD
it wouldn't have happened if you did on this one.
So happy you got your channel restored.  And thank you so much for letting us know how it happened. I am not a content creator, but your advice to ask questions and pay attention will hopefully help me when someone tries to scam me.  Best wishes.
Wow, this is really good and a lesson for all of us. I had read the news highlight that scam baiter had fallen for the scam but I never thought it was you. I was quite shocked when I saw your name inside the news content.
Good thing you got it back mate.
Wow. Just WOW. Jim, I was not subscribed before - but this video prompted me to do so. You have a new subscriber right here.
Phew, youtube.com/jimbrowning now goes back to this channel
I was gunna make a dated chuck norris Joke, then it occured to me, he is just one of chuck norris' alter egos
If Jim Browning manages to get scammed, what chance is there for the rest of us? 😏
@20:25 Apparently, this eventually got fixed, too. I typed the URL directly like that, and got your channel, NOT that father with kid videos.
I checked if it's April 1
There are all kinds of flags: The email lacks punctuation. There are run on sentences galore. The email is to "Hi" not "Hi <actual name>". The already mentioned chat email name. The sentences are awkwardly constructed "Please reply to us by clicking on Try Chat *there should be a period here* to contact us if you..."
In most cases they will say hi <username>. The scammer was probably lol when he got a channel about tech scams
Only the best people share their failures publicly as well as their success
Another content creator lost her channel (over a year ago?) and Youtube support wouldn't give her back her videos, likes, comments, subscribers etc.  They were infuriating to talk with and hard to get a hold of.  Not sure whatever happened.  Very sad.  I just know her previous channel was taken over by random stuff and it wouldn't come up in a search either.
I'd hate to be that guy in Turkey right now...
we had a guy at work that was waiting for UPS to deliver something.  he got a fake UPS delivery failure warning and clicked the link.  encrypted 3 network shares by the time we saw what was going on.   took us 4 days to restore all the files.  coincidence is a b!tch.
I've never been access scammed, but I've dealt with a number of mail scams when buying and selling online, especially at the beginning of COVID. There was a huge uptick in scammers with all the people buying pnlone desparate for goods that there were shortages of. I've gotten money back from every scam but it takes so much leg work working with the post to hunt down what happened and do the federal reporting and work with paypal to recover the funds. Each time took a good 2 months. Every time you think you've seen it all, a scammer comes up with something else
POV: You are here from the Spiffing Brit
Been watching your videos, and you are totally set up to mess with some these people, pretend your clairvoyant and talking to spirits who keep giving you "special" information. Just for funsies.
You are a Star 🌟 Thanks for raising the awareness and thanks for doing the great work you do. Stay blessed Jim🙏 👍⭐
Why did you record your screen if you didn't know you were being duped/scammed?
so basically a scam baiter got scammed...i thought you knew better tho
Im still typing /xd/ into game chat
I think that the $16,000 revenue screenshot was fake because depending on where you live the revenue money type changes and I doubt they use dollars in turkey.
Damn. Even this man isn’t immune to this stuff.
ultimately you are a boomer so you're anti-scam powers are somewhat limited.
Good to have you back!!!
I literally just saw Jayden’s video
I'm shocked how you fell for this Mr Browning!! I always check the headers if im not sure, especially when your lively hood is concerned, ip's,, etc  glad to hear it all worked out in the end... :)
Honestly respect to that scammer  for being able to trick somebody like you.
Welcome back
This epic, scamm buster busted by scammers...
Google Forms also puts a note in the site footer to NEVER submit passwords through those
Woah!
The scammer buster got scammed. 😞
16:24 Mugla, Turkey. Nowhere near Syria. I thought he might be from somewhere near the Turkish/Syrian border, so either country could show up as the origin, but no. He's a thousand miles west of Syria.  Why do you think he'd say Syria? I can't figure that out. 20:27 😅 😂 🤣
happens to the best of us
nah.. ez just always talk to em
Tell me Jim, do you know scammers like apples?
I was wondering what happened to you lol
I want to know how much video you have on your hard drive, because one of three things has happened. You had the presence of mind to record your screen while on google chat when you thought you weren't being scammed (that's some foresight, man), you recreated this to record it (that would be pretty hard), or you just record huge amounts of what you do all the time on the off chance you might want it later.
I usually get messages from fake delivery companies after I've ordered things, don't know how they do this.
There is no one actually living is Syria anymore. All Syrians are scattered around the world but mostly Turkey, so he was prolly telling the truth about being Syrian.
wouldn’t have ever thought Jim would’ve fallen victim to a phishing scam
A "millionaire" and not even using the Galaxy Sxx lmao
One word for peoples with Youtube account and actual ad revenue - USE WebAuthn hardware security tokens. I mean it. Second factor with USB dongle makes its literally impossible to hijack.
OG grabify
Thank you for sharing your mistakes - it's the best way to save others from repeating them. You are the best.
Only 100 bucks....😂
Even the best fall victim to scams sorry that happened to you
I'm sorry because of this Syrian guy ;-; I never thought we would have dangerous scammers.
This also happened to "The Spiffing Brit" youtuber.
this is 100% youtube's fault. A company of that size should provide adequate protections.
I got into the habit a long time ago that if I ever get contacted by a company I never respond through that contact. I always look up the company and contact them through their website/phone number/email/etc. That way I'm 100% sure I'm talking to that company.  Great job on this video Jim, using what happened as a teachable moment.
5:54 I would prob got it was a scam there cause why would it say delete channel if it was a transfer ,but sure it sounds super convincing
Such a gentle scammer
Thanks for sharing. You're top notch! Thank goodness you got it sorted. Aye, two way verification is very handy for everything important.
Glad Jim is back
finally you met your boss lol
When I clicked on your channel in my subscriptions,  it took me to your channel. No problems. I didn't need to resubscribe. Just FYI. Btw. Thank you for what you do. About a month ago some phone scammer tried to scam my mom and because of your channel educating me and my warnings to her about it they didn't get her.  Thank you again
What a timeline we live in where Jim Browning and Spiffing Brit both get scammed into deleting their Youtube Channel
Kind'a handy that given it showed Google was being used for the scam, they were some what responsible, which in turn they reacted rather quickly and well on the issue.
OH NO!!!!!! THIS ISN’T GOOD AT ALL!!!!!!!! MY CHANNEL WILL BE TAKEN DOWN SO I WON’T BE UPLOADING VIDEOS AND MAKE AN NEW OBJECT SHOW: BATTLE FOR MEGA OBJECT REVENGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WE MUST SAVE YOUTUBE AND IGNORE EMAILS FOR ONCE!!!!!!!!!!!!
I find it damning that the real support initially said they could not recover your deleted channel, while another representative said the opposite.  We're all techies here, we know that's a lie, and such "deletions" are rarely instantaneous (outside of very crude/simple applications).  Certainly Google does not delete *any* data until it has milked every last shred of value from it.  They really need to put more effort into properly training their support reps.
It's very brave of you to release this video. I can't believe YOU fell for such an amateur scam.
it's scary that an expert can be caught off-guard like this.
The Spiffing Brit got nailed by this too. When the 12m sub adsense was shown, I was a bit worried. Good and bad news, Spiff only has about 2.4m subs. Good that it wasn't his, bad that he doesn't have way more.
Plot twist. We’re all being scammed. This isn’t Jim’s account anymore.
Glad to see you have your account restored. It sounds like Google has a weak point this scummer was able to use to phish you.
I think everybody should go subscribe to the other Jim browning and give him a crazy surprise. Imagine getting 3mil subs just like that
Oh, they were so close :) Im glad it all worked out for you Jim
They fixed your hyperlink - youtube.com/jimbrowning now goes to your page :)
All the scammers dislike this video! 😂
You should have watched Iamlucid video
Scams are getting stronger
Welcome back Jim. Glad everything worked out ok. 👍Looking forward to you're upcoming content.  Thanks.
welcome back!
If I search for your channel it comes up as the first one in the list. Thanks for the Video!
What I am amazed most is Youtube actually helped.
Confirmation bias is the reason the scammed almost worked, which is a well-known psychological phenomenon - ie. making flawed decisions based on existing beliefs or expectations. He was expecting an issue because he swapped devices the day before, so he ignored some obvious warning signs (non-official-looking writing and non-youtube/google domain in the chat). It was very lucky timing on behalf of the scammer.
I’m sorry to hear that Jim
Much love to you and shout-out pierogi who made me understand what was going on 😭
get revenge
"I'm Youtube" lmao
How the turntables
Wow 😮
*Yeah, Google is really good at helping you as long as you don't:* ▪️think the wrong thoughts ▪️do what they don't like ▪️say what they don't like ▪️upload anything that interferes with their agenda ▪️comment using words that fit their narrative ▪️love God ▪️say it's something wrong with people who do bad things ▪️defend white people ▪️say anything they don't like about Israel ▪️say anything they don't like about homosexuals ▪️say anything they don't like about pride ▪️say anything they don't like about feminism ▪️say anything they don't like about communism ▪️say anything they don't like about diversity ▪️say anything they don't like about mass migration ▪️debunk historial events deriving from lies (this is only if those lies are not in their favor, otherwise it's ok) ▪️support the wrong politician ▪️love your country ▪️love your people  ... then they are great!
They all got mad
Moral of the story: Jab L lagne wale hon to ache acho ke lag jate hn 😂
this happened to me as well in march 2021
That sounds serious          I hope that I never get that evil email
So relieved that everything turned out all right and you were able to get your channel back, definitely a great learning experience for everybody, for sure if it could happen to you it could happen to anyone.  My heart was absolutely broken when I heard about your channel being deleted from pierogi, but now we get to watch your amazing videos again!
i know your here from timeworks
Yay! I didn't have to resub :).
If someone is talking you through what you need to do then there's something wrong do thing in your own time and with your own knowledge So glad your sorted out this scam thanks
Glad to see Jim's youtube url is now back... but how do we find the *other* Jim Browning?
This is also why you should have multiple social medias as a YouTuber; you can tell your fans what has happened if something like this happens.
Glad you sorted it! Well done for catching him out.
We are all here because of time works
Dam Jim!!! The gangsters almost got you. Glad they didn't tho.
crazy how good scams are now that even anti-scammers can be tricked, glad you realized and were able to get your account recovered. I wonder if it's the same guy who scammed the channel Psyched Substance which just happened recently. He also had several million subs and ended up losing his original name. The channel is just called Psyched now.
POV: *You're here from Timeworks*
"I'm YouTube" - scumbag scammer 2021
"Anyone can be scammed". Literally, this is not true. There is one simple way that can protect you from ever being scammed in this way. Never use any link provided in any email with regards to any legitimate account you have. It is totally against all business practice to rely on this. All you need to do if you ever receive a concerning email is: 1 - Do not click any link provided. 2 - Go ahead and log in to the relevant account. If there are no flags, report the email as spam and delete it and forget about it. You can even talk to support to confirm, although not necessary.    TLDR: Never click ANY link in your email. I can't stress enough, just never click on any link in an email unless you have specifically requested it (password reset etc).
Crazy
Timeworks
from timework's video xd , man it would be hard without a channel
HOW IS YOUR CHANNEL BACK JIMMY
Shots fired back
Revenge of the scammers ...lol
Wait Jim was scammed.
Every year I get scammers trying to take over my google business account, dont even talk to them! I tried to bait them for a bit, but nearly gave them a 2FA code not even thinking. Be careful baiters!
Who else came from timeworks?
I don't think I would have caught on any earlier than you did, this is genuinely scary.
15:48 now he'll improve the scam and sort out the google form...
Society exists because humans have a built in feeling of empathy and care of others around them. Some people are sadly born disabled without any of that and those people become scammers
Hate to see that happened to you, Jim. Like you said, it goes to show that even savvy people can still get got. Aside from 2SA, would it be safer to call youtube and have them check before you went though all of that?
That screenshot of adsense could also easily be modified html code. Pretty much the same thing that scammers do when they pretend to have sent more money than they should've.
Man, the music at 20:27 is fucking scary!
IF JIM BROWNING ISN'T SAFE.... NO ONE IS SAFE 😱😰😨
If I were a nasty bastarc, or had a malicious bone in my body, I could give you a couple of YouTube channels to pass on. Luckily, I'm not the miserable pr*ck most people want to make me out to be.
It just means that the scanners are getting smarter
Same email that some ordinary gamers got. He made a video about this.
https://youtu.be/K6e43Rz__YM  What a coinkidink, same exact scam.
I always follow the rule to go to the browser and type in the website.
At least we kno Jim a human and that even the greatest of anti scammer can get scammed
I think it is a bad thing that you gave him your ratings on his aproach (the good and the bad); and I mean in the chat, if he sees this video that doesn't mater. That's the only bad thing, that is also unreasonable, that stands out to me in this video (and all of the other bad desicions got their results back into proper place and even provided growth through will, effort, humility, transformation, creativity...).
The grim reality of these scammers is that they are from third world countries like Turkey, Syria, India, and this is the easiest way for them to get enough money that they desperately need to survive and feed their family
Lol, I was kinda hoping it was deleted, no hate but it would've been funny
you've made the other jim browning gain over a thousand subscribers bro xD
I've seen so many of this same video! good to see you using the platform to make others aware
He's a paid hijacker....does this for someone else...THATS who you need to go after.
i remember u had 200k subs, what the hell
scam daddy got scammed... nobody is safe now ;-;
You are more than welcome i was surprised i would work with you, keep up the content!
You make 16K per month but you want $100 via PayPal? LMFAO
These people are just bad liars. They make money from idiots.
the best lies have a bit of truth in them.
Shit I live like 1 hour away from this scammer
I've enjoyed your videos before, but this one got me to suscribe.
Punctuation on that Google email should have been a red flag. But the actual google domain was devious.
i consider all email scam. i never open them
Is this really just 3days ago tf?
Sorry this happened to you Jim but thank you for alerting us
and yet to this date youtube still has not sent out a warning to creators
1) 2FA would only have worked if you gave the scammer your password. It would have done nothing to prevent what you were tricked into doing. 2) Google and YouTube would not send you a Google chat invite. Any official correspondence would be sent directly to your email. The reason why the email with the Google chat link shows up as a Google address is because it really was an automated email from Google. Whenever someone wants to chat with you in G-Chat, you'll get an email directly from Google notifying you that you have a new chat. The chat itself was not legit. This right here should have been your first red flag. 3) He had a Google logo for the YouTube Support account in Google Chat. Google and YouTube have been separate companies for a couple of years now ever since they split up their divisions and created Alphabet. Alphabet owns both of them. The fact that the Google Chat profile picture for YouTube Support was a Google logo instead of a YouTube logo would have been your second red flag.
Jokes on the scammers, you got your account back, idiots 🤣
Wow this is actually kinda scary that scammers have come up with techniques to fool even the most savvy of people. It's unfortunate that these people use their talent to screw over other people rather than do something positive. Also props to you for having the kahones to admit that this happened, everyone makes mistakes, there's no way you can be perfect.
So happy to see you back Jim, was proper flapping it there for a minute xD
Best part about this is that mark rober forgot his password
Good to know ur back with us. Keep up the good work
If they want, they can have my channel.  Get me some subscribers!!!  LOL.
... i dont accept any excuses which you made up in this video because. the first thing what you do after getting emails like this is logging in in your gmail. if anything had been wrong would you have a red ! with a triangle around it. that counts for paypal and amazon aswell. they have always something which actually shows you that theres something wrong. if theres nothing wrong=ignore e-mail >_>. simple as it is.
Thank you for sharing your story!  I watch your videos because I want to be smarter (I was scammed long ago and I am very paranoid now).  I appreciate your honesty and I am glad your channel is back!  Keep up the fight, my good friend!
Just a heads up i did type in youtube.com/jimbrowning  and it does redirect properly to your page now.  Looks like YT fixed it.  Also glad you were able to recover your channel.  Absolutely love your videos
You said Prince Harry was ginger, thick and a son of Hewitt. You forgot Nazi. Fair enough.
Glad to see you back up Jim. I do enjoy seeing what you do with the scammers. It helps me when it comes to email, texts and phone calls.
This is wild, and can't wait to hear more! Glad to know you were able to work everything out at least. I got to admit the scammer was pretty smart, or I should say he knew what he was doing well
Saddly bad english and outsourced vendors for tech support are no longer a suriprise and a red flag convincing this is might be a scam. Lots of companies are shifting now their support to teams based on the east Asia where this is how the "professional" support looks like or if internally even worse. It is not always the case, but very often it's just a waste of time to receive a support from legitimate vendor for the service we're paying for. Very often these vendors still use their own domains but have access to corporate domains.
so you telling me you thought changing your phone will result in you needing to change your youtube chanel... IQ stopped working
Is 2sa a UK thing? I always went by 2fa / mfa
I'm very glad you got your channel back, Jim! <3
What a ride!! I'm so glad you're back and got it sorted ❤
ah yes, the famous youtube catchphrase: "I'm YouTube"
You obviously have them worried.
Why are you so focused on English not being his native language or not, its not like 100% of all Google tech support would be born in English speaking countries
Now go get em
So basically this whole thing was orchestrated by the "real" Jim Browning, to make sure when people search for him, Google doesn't take them to an anti-tech support scam guy who's using the name as a pseudonym.
Very cynical. Shows how you are very much trapped in old-paradigm, acting like some corporate entity vulnerable due to the usual systemic traits - scared about loss of profits and too busy. You didn't even mention the alert signal of repeated pressuring about permanent channel deletion as if it was an external entity with a clock ticking that support has to work against. And you didn't ask why exactly that second AdSense account would have come into existence. Plus, why would they require you to jump through those hoops? They should be able to do things more elegantly from their end. It was such classic leading of the victim, have you do what they cannot. The whole technical process was highly suspect. Including that the system told you exactly what would happen and you didn't hesitate to "replace"-"delete" your channel with an empty one. The only tolerance I can have here is the fact that GooTube runs their business like crap, so messy conduct is to be expected, I guess, but of couse it also conveys your decision to do business with them, and also, with them being potentially messy, you should also have considered that their incompetence might lead to you deleting your channel.  8:12 They should have made that domain name "support-younub". 😆😜  And then you gave him 'customer feedback'. 🤦 The damage that can be causing is much greater than the benefit you're likely to gain.  I also assumed right-away that he is actually situated in Turkey and claimed to be Syrian in order to gain sympathy or push the bad rep on an ideological enemy. Otherwise I see no reason why he even pushed the question of his nationality on you. Plus, obviously he was lying all the time.  I.e. learn from the circumstances-that-are-right to understand the bigger picture, the root vulnerabilities. (They're much bigger than what you mentioned in your summary.)
There are lots of syrian refugees in Turkey
hope you can recover all your vids. you do have big target on you back
We heard! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6e43Rz__YM
sorry jim I was only testing new skills.
It still isn't fun when you get a 2fa request. When it's not you signing it :(
i dunno what id do if my channel was deleted.. i dont think i could bare life if i lost my 19 subscribers lol
this is the lesson for all these scam "exposing" channels. dont mess with indians ever again. or we will delete all the channels on youtube..we have all the power you guys dont even have any idea.
strange coincidence cos Spiffing Brit just posted a video about his channel beign deleted too by a scam artist.. all his videos are gone but he got his channel back up with all followers at least
I feel really bad for you it's not the same but also had some stuff of mine get deleted and it SUCKS
I have to say as Syrian that we wouldn't approve what he did and he is making us have bad image,  Sorry Jim
Anything that ask for password is a scam
At first I was like, why would youtube support need you to do all these thing when they can do it themself? Then I couldn't stop laughing when the real support wanted you to do the same shit, haha.
. It's quite outrageous that youtube said your channel was deleted and cannot be recovered  - Just a barefaced lie!!!!
You know its scary when they scam Jim Browning. It just goes to show when you are distracted at all how easy it easy for someone to scam you. Any other time and you would have spotted that email address at the top of the chat page, and stopped it in its tracks right away. Happy to see you got it all sorted.
Well im glad your still here :)
Just did a search for your name and the link lead here :) I wish i was tech savy enough to do what you do. I really wanna take down scammers and hackers.
Wow this is kinda ironic. I don't blame him tho.
Same thing happened to spiffing Brit.
And on this day, scammers will have an even worse  day with Jim at their throat
jut wanna say, jim browning you scammed us by being scammed. lol rip, hope you can get thing back to normal gl.
You must’ve uncovered a clandestine Google outsourced scam
Now that is som good scamin in here. Google really has to get their shiz together, exploiting their emails an all that.
This is wild.
Hej Jim!  Super great, even Superman & Heroes sometimes do fall, but they will always come back after a while! Cheers to Progy cheers to you & cheers to anyone whom helped you! :)  And cheers for this episode & the next one soon to come, looking forward to watch & learn, it´s very exciting Mr Browning I must say, since I saw your channel & all the work you do & helping people out!  Thank you!  BR AN.
The scammer sounds like someone who worked for Google. He clearly knows some insider stuff.
lol
same guy who got Spiffing Brit.
JIM lemme tell ya buddy, this had me rollin
Thanks for bring awareness. At least you made some content out of it! Glad YT helped you pretty quickly.
Sometimes the circumstances really favours the scammers. One time I canceled my internet, then next day received a text message with the ISP name informing me that my internet has been canceled and a refund issued and a link to “claim” my refund. Too bad the URL was so obviously a scam URL. But I can see how some people would fall for it, especially if the timing of the message is right lol.
So you actually told the scammer how he could scam other people better and what he did wrong during the scam. Great job for helping him out
Jim browning using 100% of his power...
Look at the Google Form: "What is the last confirmed password for your YouTube account?"  At the bottom of the page:  "Never submit passwords through Google Forms."
😱😱  I'm still subscribed to your channel. Not needed to resubscribing to your channel. So, all good as gold
This exact same thing happened to The Spiffing brit!
Whew! Glad you kept your head about you and came out on top, Jim! Nonsense like this are why I long ago quit clicking ANY links in emails, PMs, texts, etc. I go directly to the site myself whenever possible. Of course, I know that even this isn't 100% foolproof and it's inconvenient, but considering how easily links and names are spoofed these days it's at least another layer of security.
Never thought I would see a day Jim would get scammed. If he can get scammed, then we’re all doomed!
tbh i thought you could never be scammed, anyway scammers suck
Silly Jim, of course it's fake real youtube support would've never replied!
Sorry to hear this happened, but glad you were able to recover your account. Hopefully you weren't too distressed by the whole ordeal, praying for you m8 🙏♥️ you'll be even stronger than before having gone through this!
Damn
I think you are supposed to move the real previously existing account to replace the newly created brand account, in case you actually need to do something like this. The opposite of what the scammer instructed you to do.  This is purely a demonstration of YouTube and Google's incompetent explanation of how brand accounts work and how to move channels.
the first clue was that the initial email just said, 'hi' and did not use your name/channel name. that always means its non-targeted blanket email.
The amount of tick pricks commenting nowadays is astounding
Welcome back king
I am glad you are back Jim. I've been sending people to your channel in the interest of educating them on how easy it is to get scammed.
ur url is fixed
That's some scary stuff. I would have probably fallen for it as well
Many might not have had the courage or integrity to bring this to us, considering the nature of your channel. Well done and thank you.
You have one job...
One bit of good news, didn’t need to re-subscribe. First half of the video made me wonder if one of the scumbags Jim has inconvenienced in the past paid a hacker with real skills to spear phish him, but it looks like the guy was just a regular scammer phishing popular niche youtubers. Scary stuff.
Im glad you got it restored , very good imformative video , best of luck with all !
when thanos tried to scam
This scam seems to be popping up for other big youtubers. You aren’t the only person don’t worry One of the others were spiffing brit
Good thing I have 2fa on my account as well.
this was sick to another level, trying to gain access to a youtube channel to get paid. he can get a real job with this muck dedication
Glad to have you back  ♥
i have no circumstances to be scammed because... kono dio da! /j actually, i am a shadow known by nobody other than me
Yayyyy you're back jim
Wow I'm surprised they managed to get you of all people, big respect for showing the scam. Generally the rule I have is when someone asks you to do something online, don't follow their instructions. Find your own way to do it if really concerned, ie in this case contact the support yourself.
@Jim Browning, what are your thoughts on devices such as Yubi Keys?
0:45 i hope you kidding right that mail is full of red flags. the biggest red flag. You always has to look if there is a Unsubscribe in the botten of the mail many scam mails has it since it send via som sub mail system so if you see that then that alone tells you its a scam mail.
Ha ha , that was good one Jim..I'll be sure to get you next time ;-)
Wait... did you just reveal that the authorities are wise to this guy _before_ they could bust him? So if he sees this video then he knows he needs to put his exit plan into action and get out before they get the drop on him?  Did you just pull a Geraldo Rivera??
I see that you got your URL back :)
Imagine being the scammer that actually succeeded in scamming JIM BROWNING🤯
Glad you recover your channel.. I also almost fell for a scam but the apple ID, and it was coincidentally as well because I had unsynch my ipod and then got the e-mail
I actually never thought that I could fall for a scam, even a well done one. But seeing you do so, really incentivised me to double check all links and e-mails even when i think they are legitimate. Thank you for raising awareness.
Think what's truly messed up is, the scammer doesn't know your channel. You would expect it would be some call center or someone who hates Jim's work but nope, this guy really had no clue what the channel was about and just wanted the whoever's account he was talking to.
When I was an Uber driver I almost fell for a scammer who was using the Uber app to spoof me. He had me hook, line, ...........and then he asked me for my bank password to "Send me a bonus" because I was "such a good driver". Nope. I asked him why Uber needed a PW to send me money, seeing that they already did so every single night that I worked, as that is how they paid me. He had no answer. Later, after doing some research I found that many other drivers had fallen for this scam. Almost got me too, but I caught it at the last moment, thank the gods and goddesses.
Wow. Glad everything worked out in the end. Though i recently experienced an attempted scam but backed out before anything bad happened. Dude was telling me they accidentally reported my steam account. I was legitemently not worried because steam would know it was an accident since they'd do an investigation. I believed what they said, but I thought that it didn't matter since steam was a big company and obviously would have safeguards. I explained it to them and they kept pushing, only then did i realize it was a scam as they got more desperate.
Jim, can you help me get my myspace page back?
just that email "google[@]support.youtub[.]com XD
The lack of punctuation and an unnecessary capital letter in the middle of a sentence is a red flag to me.
Golly, how did you get or recreate all that footage?  You must have screen capture running constantly.
Level 9001 scammer was a bit too much for Jim, almost.......
I saw that tweet. It was surreal. We're all human Jim. Glad you were able to have your account restored. That was scary close!
Out of all the accounts they could have scammed, they chose you?? They must be stupid
This is so ironic
Imagine being Jim Browning, exposing scammers and scam call centres and getting scammed, BUT STILL made a video for it for more awareness. A real hero this is, man. You have my outmost respect sir :'(
I am still subscribed to your channel, but I believe my 'bell type' changed.
I am so glad I managed to get your channel back in my recommended side and I re-subscribed  but I am even more glad to have you back on YouTube :D
That other Jim Browning can really use some support, he's a very good singer. Wouldn't it be funny, that the other Jim Browning will get famous with his voice, from this mishap?  And only we know, on how he became famous. Good luck to him. Nice to see the channel back!
I follow another YouTuber called thunderf00t (he does a bunch of crazy stuff) and when he was on with Google support he wanted to be sure he was communicating with a human and not a Google bot, so he asked simple questions like "please prove to me that you are a human by saying the word 'flower'" or "please add after your signature block the product of three less than seven and fifteen".
FYI: You duplicated the description
This is definitely a humbling experience, when you think you're untouchable, but then that ends up not being true. You kept your cool very well, I liked seeing that, and also, it does reveal how anyone can be scammed. I think I would have been a nervous wreck if it had been me who got scammed into doing this.
this guy is so dumb even the indian scammers > him. He catches 1 in millions who scam just to make him rich and to fool the masses that they are doing anything but patting themselves on the back.
Woohoo tour back.
Yee
This scammer just poked a killed bee nest... In a few weeks we'll see "Tracking down and obliterating a YouTube scammer."
As a Support Agent worker (not from Google/YouTube, and I won't say exactly what do I work for) I imagine most support agent projects work similarly. This message you received saying that your account was not compromised and they couldn't recover a deleted account is probably just an agent sending you a macro after reading just a bit of your case instead of going through all of it properly and calling it a day lol. While the things they said to you were *technically* true in a vacuum, it doesn't apply to your case specifically, it's probably just a standard reply they send to similar cases that they have to deal with all day.
Man if this had been my explanation video, it would've definitely been R rated. "and then this mfer did this and of course my dumbass fell for it." you're way more calm and collected than I would've been.
Dunno is it ok to tell the scammer actually what they fxxk up. Throughout the conversation, they seems like they want to know what is their weaknesses
Hey mr.jim lol please ignore my username its just a gag, but why dont you have members in your discord server make some cool and contemporary thumbnails , its just a suggestion :D
My mom had a scammer pretending to be Samsung and talking about a Samsung Accounts she does not even have a Samsung Phone 🤦‍♂️
Cant lie the other Jim browning is good he has good music this is like a blessing in disguise
There was probably several street parties going on in India over this.
And how YouTube is protecting their users?!?! From this scamers!? Dear Lord
For people who don't know, the exception at the end of the video 20:18 is back to normal, you can use the link for access the original YouTube channel.
Hi Jim, there are more than 3 millions of refugees living in Turkey from Syria. I see that some of them are very talented.
The irony
You counter scammed him and whooped him hard.
This message was sent from A Samsung galaxy a50
So many have you have been hit by this. Spiffing Brit got taken down by it too
This video just brought my scepticism for scams from a solid 69 to a high 110
Well done jim...
Christ, if you'll fall for this kind of a scam then anyone will.
Lol, no spelling mistakes? Behaviour is missing a U but hey, no American is going to spell like that.
Excellent video Jim, really enlightening and just proves anyone can be caught out - almost ! My subscription to your channel is still active so all good. Keep up the good work.
Jimmy I support you man keep up the good fight brother
one of those scammers kicked your hacker ass ;)
Bro, how is using perfect English include not using periods and using incomplete sentences? I think it is not the scammers fault it is clearly your own lack of education that someone was able to scam you.
Maybe the indians reported your channel....
SO glad you are back my dude.
Thanks for making this video, this is scary. Now we know and knowing is half the battle :>
@jim browning, almost got scammed from sophisticated cryptoscam where they try to give up crypto wallet recovery phrase
I am pretty shocked you fell for it. Because I have gotten these exact emails before. 3 of them in total. But to give you credit you are huge as a youtuber and can get very sidetracked. Im so happy the community was able to help you when this happened. You are such a good scammer destroyer that i just had to say. Jim you are the man and keep strong my friend.
I randomly delete my accounts without prompting.
Scammer than scams scammers gets scammed
I came from MostCritical, Charlie. I think I remembered watching you once, but Charlie's words made me look you up. Good job on uncovering these scams.
Thank You Sir for your help about the scammers, because of you I am more aware of these issues around YouTube.
MORE LIKE JIM FAKING. this was a setup for publicity. refer to jim browning as jim faking now
Glad to see your channel back up and running, sir.
You should make a scammer tier list!
Everyone should know that Google will never, ever, under any, and EVERY circumstance, actually correspond with one of its users personally to discuss anything ever. If you're talking to google, then you're talking to a scammer. This is like Microsoft actually calling you on the phone... never has happened, never WILL happen.
So could you say the scammer scammer got scammed?
Funny, cause i fell for a scam because of circumstance yesterday! Im currently in the process of getting settled into a new apartment, and so i went to submit a change of address to the United States Postal Service. Me being tired, I didnt really pay attention to the pretty obvious signs in hindsight (logos being off, etc.), Though the majority of the site looked legit. I realized it was a scam after they asked me for a debit or credit card for "identity verification". I gave it to them, and they charged me $90 after the site said NOTHING about charging me anything, and I didnt even get a verification email. Luckily, i used my credit card so i submitted it as fraud and now it has to be looked over. The worst part is, this site was ABOVE the legit site in the search results! Someone may NOT notice it at any point and thats just sad
Jim browning: fools this only made me stronger.
Silly Jim! You should know that YouTube never communicates with creators 😏😏
Tricked?
At some point, 'careful' becomes 'paranoid' - You're free to tune those dials to personal preference, but there's no 100% safety and at a certain point it ain't worth it.
Kids and their pathetic clickbait these days. gtfo.
We learn from our mistakes, plus we are only human
glad to see you're back, and it looks like the next video's gonna be epic
Oooooof
Glad you got your channel back!!!  So glad you are back in action!!!  Sure hope you hacked in and found out who it was that did this...  Best wishes to you and the channel...  Tons of love from Boston to you in Ireland mate!!!
Jim, if it's any consolation to you, I think I can safely speak for most Subscribers when I say, don't feel too dejected or disheartened that this happened to you. It can happen to any of us. I also have the utmost respect for you with the positive advice that you share through your videos
The teaser about this scam centre being revealed caught my attention because this one seems to be a big operation with so many seats on the floor. Have genuine companies started to do this for money or do they hire out these spaces to the scammers? I thought after your continuing efforts at catching them and having them shut down they would think of not doing it. It seems they are only getting bigger and bolder instead of shrinking. If I can do anything to help you, as I'm an Indian, I will be happy to do whatever I can to help get this scum shut down. I'm a lawyer by profession and based in Delhi-NCR, the National Capital Region. I won't do this for a fee just to be clear. Telling someone I'm a lawyer and offering to seems to make them think "yeah you'll help, for a fee" and they don't say it to me so I can't clarify. I think it is our duty to help. Maybe raise this issue to the government and ask them to set up or use their resources to track and shut down these criminals.
I wonder how the scammer is thinking Glad the real channel us backed
"I am Iron Man." "I am inevitable." "I'm YouTube"
14:27 cue the Pleasant Green music
It is shocking that this happened to you but we will be more than careful and it is fortunate that you got it back.
People need to find these scammers. They're getting dangerous.
He was basically asking you that he will work for you and take down channels of people you hate (he said as much) and you would pay him
ironic
I love that you talked about this. It's a great way to remind everyone to stay alert and have proper protection in order. And sometimes even THAT won't save you. The world is a scary place. Stay safe everyone.
Plot twist... This was actually an elaborate scheme from the "other" Jim Browning, to get more traffic to his channel  :)
Damn looks like the scammers were trying to get revenge on you lmao
I dont know what content you make either. This is my first video watching. I must be a scammer like this guy. 😂
Wow same thing happened to the spiffing Brit.
wait you to???
I used to go on TV and talk about cyber security and things like phishing. Then one day I got phished for my bank login. As Jim said, the circumstances were right. It was a humbling learning experience! Anyone can get scammed.
Just goes to proove that these bastards will not stop at anything to try and scam people. They think its fun and their right. If only their country had oil, america would turn it into a wasteland and wed all have cheap gas
Amazing that this was not a personal attack from scammers aimed at you.
@jim - I think the spiffing brit got hit with this also...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6e43Rz__YM&t=193s&ab_channel=TheSpiffingBrit
I was recently scammed as well, and by the type of person I'm usually wary of, but I was in a bit of a personal crisis at the time so I let my guard down wanting to think that they were helping.  They just happened to show up in the right place at the right time.  It took some time to figure out that the crucial info I needed to recognize the scam was carefully hidden from view, and I wasn't the only one who didn't find it at first.  Luckily I was able to recognize it was a scam before I got too far into it, and I didn't lose more than $60, but yeah, it can happen to any of us.  The coincidence of timing paired with distraction works in their favor, and sometimes they're just better than most at hiding the most obvious red flags.  I'm a bit miffed at them, but I just took it in as a valuable learning experience and am moving on.  It's not something I'll forget anytime soon, tho, so I'm glad to add it to my mental library of "shitty things people do."  I'm sure it will come in handy some day.
His c*-p*.com domain is still resolving and connected to an SMTP alive host with Dreamhost. Ensure you report his domain and server rental IP to DOMAIN-ABUSE@DREAMHOST.COM (they bought both with the same hosting provider). You should have also played him for his PayPal email or ID to pay to - in order to report that to PayPal and have all his funds frozen. His home IP has downloaded 80s music torrents and the game Evoland recently as well, maybe allowing you to further identify his demographic.  You definitely have room to improve on OPSEC but you're doing great work publicizing these crappy social engineering scams - keep it up.
I'm for HIRE
WELCOME BACK JIM
Same thing happened to the spiffing Brit
Inattention got the best of you. But glad you’re back
Wild!! Lol
I'm not well versed into I.T. management , and some years ago I blindly shared my name , phone number and email address with someone who I thought we had just made friends. To my own dread , I realized only a few hours later when I got home that I had been played since my basic Microsoft user interface (including YouTube, Facebook, and Outlook) had been completely retrograded to an unusable form on my home pc. I was under shock and didn't knew who to turn to for help. I complained thoroughly about this twist of events on the chat of the online game I play (Path of Exile) and somehow things had magically fixed themselves by the next morning. I understand now why people are so scared of sharing something as simple as their real first name online nowadays. This modern age of social media is perverting what should be a wonderful experience and this saddens me.
That one exception you mentioned at the end of the video was also fixed btw!
well... I have heard that Brits love irony
Even more of a legend, which I didn’t think was possible.
Do you want to really get to a Scammer - Ask them if their Mother knows that they scam people for a Living?
bruh an easy way to tell if it's a scam is their sentences almost never end in periods. Usually legit companies will always use 100% proper grammar, proper capitalization, etc.
Jim were you excited for the challenge once you knew you got hacked. I mean your heart must have started pumping.  Honey get a pot of coffee on I’m going to destroy someone.
I’m YouTube!
Ironic, he could save others from scams, but not himself.
Looks like they fianally got you.
The photo was 100 percent a screenshot the numbers look like they have been drawn over
You aren’t the only person who has gotten this email. Another YouTuber got their channel deleted. I think it’s just bots who are targeting high profile you tubers.
Jim ! I've just had a usual call I get every Tuesday from an Indian call centre stating they're Amazon, blah blah, anyway I called him out and told him why the scam wouldn't work in Australia (it uses an US accented female recorded voice) He then gets interested, admits he's a scammer and asks how he could make it sound more legit.  He then offers me a money laundering jobs I can turn over funds from Australia, keep some, send the rest back... I said I'd think about it and arranged a call back (no I'm not really going to do it) Is there anything I can do to take him down, is there a way I can contact someone in cyber crime who it may be useful to? Or should I just let it go. They call me 4 times with various scams every single Tuesday but I usually laugh and they hang up on me, this guy didn't!!
Great video if for no other reason than to remind us it can happen to anyone!  Welcome back.  Looking forward to new videos.
"I'm YouTube" "I AM THE SENATE
Assuming this video isn't fake stuff for content, I lost all respect for you. Can't believe you were dumb enough to fall for this. I wouldn't have fallen for this when I was 5. Also, two more things. First, your channel URL is not gone. YouTube channel links are case sensitive. It took me two seconds to figure this out by going to your YouTube about page. Instead of typing “jimbrowning” in the URL, type “JimBrowning” with the capital letters for your names. Secondly, to answer your question about 2FA. If anyone is dumb enough to type their password in a form, he can easily trick them by saying "so just to verify that this is really you, I have prompted up a 2FA button on your phone. Can you press 'x' to verify it's you". This is truly sad. Did you get a head injury recently or have you always been this dumb?
Which is more ironic; Jim Browning getting scammed   or   Rick Astley getting Rick Rolled
Btw about 5:45-5:55 i can hear your significant other speaking in the background. Dunno if it matters to you but there ya go.
Sooo, 12M views gets you over 16K. Holy shit. That to me was the bigger shock LOL
Damn i have to watch My emails twice right now
Absolutrly golden content. Even those adept at traversing the scam network can get scammed.
Ads. I close 👎
I unsubbed and never watching your videos again ... you're pathetic and you just made the biggest insult to me ever .. anyone can be scammed? just NO! ... go ahead, scam me. I'd like to see the person who manages to scam me lol. Real hacking is different story, because every system CAN be hacked with enough knowledge and bruteforcing power, but scam? ... just no. ONLY very dumb people can be scammed.
What do you mean by real support?  I'm YouTube
*is it crazy that i may have paid him the $100?* you know, it sucks hard out - but it is a good win for the lad. *& he probably has NO IDEA just how much hacker cred he could get in the (Turkish) script kitty-scammer community (?)* . im sure thats a thing. again, cray story dude. glad to have you back.   JC
Wow!
Thanks for sharing this irritating incident with evidence via screenshots and thorough,  helpful info for everyone.
This is a real thing I thought this is a joke
11:30 the recruit pitch is *WILD*. this is an intense, amazing story.   JC
The algorithm really chose you! I’m subscribing!
THX YOU'RE AMAZING... The best I do is report scam phishing email to Abuse team for what it does most say they can't do anything but it's obvious they're using brand name to try to fool people.  Anyway Congrat you're the king of what you do :)
YouTube never tells you to delete your channel but youtube will warn you of anything that violates a term of service.
Dude! If they were able to trick you we are all screwed!
Thanks for his IP
What are your thoughts on the SaveTheKids scam?
This is now the most well respected scammer in the entire community I imagine
It's really fucking cool that you made this. There's a lot of stigma around falling for a scam, and the fact that you made a whole video about your experience with that and how it could've prevented it to further awareness of this particular scheme is stellar.
It's obviously people trying to get back at you for ruining their scams
This has to be my favorite video of yours because as you point out, it shows that anybody can fall for this stuff, even real experts. Scary shit.
Crazy that the scammer from Turkey actually works for YouTube and that's how he knows the actual process of the whole thing and managed to exploit it
Someone else may have already pointed this out, but the email you received IS actually from Google. It is not an email from the scammer; it is a notification, from Google, that you have received a Google Chat message (but have not yet marked as read). You might point this out later in your video but I got interrupted partway through and can't watch the whole thing :X
This was fascinating and took guts to share this. Proof that these scams can truly ensnare the best of us
AMAZING! I AM UTTERLY GOBSMACKED BY THIS! I am thankful that Jim Browning has recovered his account
this is where not checking emails comes in handy
Yes this is a prime example of anyone being able to be scammed... it is all a matter of circumstance and if you toss a lot of lines when you are phishing you will surely hook one.  When you are primed with a circumstance/coincidence it makes the scam slightly more believable the chances of the scam working go up.   I hate those who claim only stupid people get scammed...  While I agree people need to be more vigilant... it is just not normal to be a sh** human being. Often times we assume other people are decent until we have reason to believe otherwise.   As my mother used to say something like being proud/acting like you know it all will surely set you up for the right type of scam... as in, you might know all kinds of scams and what to look for but being so confident can backfire in the right situation because you will think your judgement is infallible and won't second guess your decisions while being scammed.
You deleted your channel. 😂
wow
This video taught me that mark and ethan could revive unus annus if they wanted to. They won't. But they could.
Weird, I had to re-subscribe?
I did not have to re subscribe, i checked and was already, like i was before you delete it.
For all the good you do you are forgiven for getting spoofed one time.  Nobody is perfect.  I got scammed once and ended up married for 55 years.  Ha.  I thought she could cook and she thought I had money.  Even up I could say. We scammed each other.  Laugh it off Jim and go on doing the things you do so well my man.
YouTube: *Deletes channel* Jim Browning: Free content!
There’s no shame Jim, we’ve all fallen for a phishing or scam attempt at some or multiple points in our lives. I’ve had my Steam account phished before and almost lost that, I fell for one of those Apple “you have been charged $90 for this item” emails before, it happens to the best of us.. and I like to think of myself as quite tech savvy too.  Also Hi Youtube Support! If you’re watching this video.  You are now famous.. in your own way.  I’m shocked he fell for that Grabify link because everytime I go on a long conversation with a scammer they NEVER click my Grabify links. So he is smart enough to steal YouTube accounts but not smart enough to not click random links like he’s sending to people? Ok. 🤦‍♂️  If he’s making 2 1/2 million then he’s richer than I am and doesn’t have to scam anymore.  Sounds like he has a better phone than me.
You got rekt. Lol well, that sucks it happens to the best of us. Google support and facebook support suck!
Little did the scammer know, he was trying to scam someone who specialized in exposing scammers. LOL. Didn't bother to check the content.
Should have taken my time, not should have took my time.
Lol Adsense money got you thinking wrong and you yourself fell for it
https://youtu.be/erlCSImeC74 https://youtu.be/erlCSImeC74
Now that I have Jim's email address, we can finally become close friends...
you forgot one important detail. No tech support in existence ever replies within seconds to your inquiries. It always takes 3-5min each time for a response, this guy was like almost copy pasting responses it seems.
..... so you got scammed .... by a tech support scamm.... you really are dumb arnt you bhahahaha wow
I changed my name and saw I could make it a brand acct  it deleted my channel took over 4 months to get it back
Better then the real Google support! I was waiting for future Jim Browning to warn present Jim Browning that he was a victim of a scam.
I agree with your "circumstances just have to be right" assessment, same thing happened to me. - a confluence of helping my aged dad with his affairs and not knowing whether my sibling supporters had set up an unused Amazon Prime account which was due for an expensive renewal.  I was convinced that I was in the Amazon process and I didn't realise it was a scam until I hung up after accusing them of "the worst customer support experience I have ever had".   They didn't scam any money but it did cost time and inconvenience to get the computer cleaned and the bank accounts reopened.
JIM, THE SPIFFING BRIT ALSO GOT HIS CHANNEL DELETED!
Same thing happened to Psychedsubstance
Just goes to show that these scams can happen to the best of us. Thank you for sharing your experience, Jim. I am relieved you got your content back.
YouTube is loosing it
Light attracts.
I don't know if you notice but almost every single scam email doesn't know my account name. They don't have time to personalize emails. When your email simply said Hi... Alarm bells should go off.
What if Jim Browning actually DID join forces with the scammer to take down Kitboga 😳
I've been scammed twice this year trying to buy an RTX gpu, once by someone nearby on Facebook, then once again on some online retailer that claimed to sell cards via backorder. Shit is bad now, people make a quick buck off of other people with no care in the world
Holy I've been gone for a while and i
Lol the "I'm the YouTube now" part
Good to see your back. 2 step authentication is called Multi Factor Authentication or MFA in the IT field. You log into your account and get an SMS message to the device you setup previously or your email account.  Most companies go further and use OKTA Verify for MFA which uses facial recognition on IPHONES or Samsung phones.
I hate to break it to you Jim, but the punctuation in that email was almost non existent.
That's rough Jim, live and learn 👍
You get scammed by the scammers you attack, wtf, I am 1000% its the scammers revenge
fair play you could have said nothing! dont worry about your rep its improved 10x with me fair play and amazing vid as always
9:09 Oddly enough, his reveal flex was in almost perfect English.....well, as good as you can expect in an IM, anyway.  He probably practiced this.
I don't know 100% but I think that screenshot was from a youtuber called Jack sucks at life and from a vid from his other channel jack masses Welsh. Gonna check after I finish
Lets go!!!!! You are using a xiaomi phone!
Kitboga is like the filler arc, while Jim Browning is the main show
Theres loads of bots at the moment reporting videos....its  happening in the finance world to channels like Matt Kohrs and The Masked Investor.
never, ever, ever, click links from emails.  go to the site via bookmark and search for the message or error described.
Jim no offense but how did YOU of all people fall for it?
Tried the link...took me to you :)
I believe the scammer got ahold of Psyched Substance’s channel. He got his channel back but the same exact scam happened to him
How ironic
This is absolutely crazy! We are just human after all but I am glad that you’re back and so is your channel because you along with the other creators that get back at scammers are doing great work.
Oh YouTube YouTube YouTube
I am so sorry but I legit laughed at the end with the "Except for one thing"... that poor guy. I hope it benefits him greatly though. Those sweet baby things deserve a little extra love
Experts get scammed aswell. I get the same emails but I go check out my account to see what’s up first. Should create a sister channel with your main channel, that way if you lose one you don’t lose your supporters and you could always just put out a message saying that your main or sister had been compromised.
Jim, YouTube is good to have you back. I think it's incredible that anyone can be duped into these scams. Hack the guy who made you delete your channel in the first place and take all his income as well.
Please do not be ever distracted again when you're sent emails like so- especially the  2sa/2fa and others we don't even understand.....scary but you had it under control!! Pheeew -  Glad you're back....watching all the way from Nadi Fiji🙂🙂🙏🙏
this is the equivalent to killing john wicks dog
I’m so glad you are back
Weird question, but do you ever get people who email you trying to do a fake scam for attention? Like someone who watches your videos and who wants to bother you. And just something that looks like a scam but isn’t.
so glad your back!
Also, at first all I recognized was the voice...I couldn’t put a “channel” to the voice so at first I wasn’t sure who the creator was. But after just a couple minutes...and his accent saying “scam” and “scammer” a few times, it clicked. And honestly, I felt nothing but true fear. Cuz if this guy, one of the most intelligent and resourceful creators on the platform, who bases literally 100% of his content on scams and scammers was able to get scammed...what does that mean for the rest of us who have no idea of such details of the ins and outs of this whole operation? That’s a horrifying thought. Truly.  And I’m super glad you were able to figure this scam out before it was too late and also have your channel restored. I can totally imagine how much of a relief that must have been. Keep taking these f*ckers down, for literally the betterment of us all 🤜🏼🤛🏼
If Jim Browning is the Batman, the Kitboga is the Riddler.
So much respect for posting this and making it clear that even the anti-scam boss can fall victim to a scam like this. We (the more tech savvy crowd that watches these videos) tend to think that we're immune to all of this but that just isn't the case.
I love the "What is the last confirmed password for your YouTube account" question that is directly above the "Never submit passwords through Google Forms" thing
What a hassle, Mr Browning. Thank God you got it sorted in the end.
He can just inspect element on any channels actual view and income rates to change them to any possible count.
It seems like it's time for you to step your game up and be aware of these new methods of scamming people. The ability to make people destroy their own lives or livelihood is a little malicious. It doesn't seem like a scam that nets funds as much as it is a way to take down enemies. At this point, you are probably one of the most notorious scambaiters who share their exploits. You have to be impressed with the lengths these scammers will go to shut you down, or in your case, make you shut yourself down. lol I think they see you now. lol
Do you think you were targeted specifically because of what your channel and its contents are all about? Cuz honestly, the thought did cross my mind...
As someone who has to assist companies in basic phishing scams on a daily basis, it's not surprising that someone like Jim Browning can be hooked like this at all. Part of what makes these so scary is that at the moment of reading the initial email, it triggers a fear response that makes people forget common sense in the heat of the moment. Some tips, for both personal and at work: 1) Never trust your initial gut reaction. Your brain is wired to react to perceived threats, and a loss of income is up there in severity of reaction triggers 2) close the email, walk away and have a coffee. The time away will help you overcome the initial reaction 3) read the email again, and check who is sending. Jim covered the basics of this with the hover over an element 4) if unsure, ask a friend/colleague/IT to check the email for you. Having a second set of eyes, especially from someone who is aware of common phishing techniques will save you a LOT of hassle
I've had an Amazon scam coincidence get me
Moist
Glad to see your channel is still standing 👍
GD Jim, that was pretty dumbass of you! All you had to do was ask for a telephone # to call them and verify he/she was actually YOUTUBE/GOOGLE support.
Resubscribed. At the end of the day, the ultimate lesson here is that security is only as good as the account holder on their worst day. This scammer definitely had a noticeable impact on a lot of channels and hopefully the YouTube community learns from this experience.
I'm surprised Jim thought the text was good english. imo was very awkward at times and even weirdly pushy, it wasn't professional sounding enough. like when he asked them if his channel subs would be effected, the response was too short and pushy to continue lol.
You and the spiffing Brit too that’s insane
The other Jim Browning is now a music channel with over 1000 subscribers, and he's getting supportive comments, so I guess all's well that ends well.
Glad to have you back. I wondered what had happened.
Happened to me once with a postage link just as I was expecting a international delivery. Luckily I caught on right on time alongside my bank and nothing got taken out of my account. Not cool.
Holy shit, Psyched Substance just got ripped by something like this. AND NOW JIM BROWNING??!?!?!?!
*scammer decides to check out the channel to see if it was fixed, finds out what Jim's channel was actually all about* *shocked Pikachu face*  /grabs Burger King crown and writes "KING OF ALL SCAMMERS" across it and sits back smugly in his chair.
ill bet this is bullshit, and you made did this for veiws/money scamboy
you reminded me that i may need to "reSubscribe" but i realized i dont need to. although, i noticed that the notification bell was off so i did that instead.
Scammer bad gamer good
Wow
It takes a brave and humble person to admit fault. Even the scammer scamming king himself has been scammed. It's nothing to be ashamed of. Lots of people have been scammed. Thanks Jim for staying humble and educating your audience.
When you're of enough value to someone, they can and will take you down. You can live a life with 10 bodyguards and think tanks and support team around you 247, but that may be too much of a sacrifice to most people. I think you already did everything right in this instance. Thank you for your hard work!
Hmmm.. same thing happened to "The Spiffing Brit" channel..
This happend to this guy to https://youtu.be/K6e43Rz__YM Sad this is happening
As a Turkish person, I bet he was Turkish but just because he knew he was doing something shameful, he introduced himself as Syrian. This is fairly common thing among Turks on the internet. Also, I can say that with this level of English and this kind of deep knowledge on YouTube, he is around 20 years-old.
Things you should never do:  -Kidnap Liam Neeson's daughter -Kill John Wick's dog -Fuck with Jim Browning
PSA: watch at double speed
He literally threw all his credibility out the window when he got scammed. The irony.
When I saw your tweet about this, I was genuinely confused how you fell for something like this, now it all makes sense
Ya he's clearly bluffing it's funny when the scammer becomes the one who gets trolled back but yt and google really need to get a hold on this.
I once managed to let a trojan get installed on my machine that was bundled in a torrent, so I certainly can't throw stones. But I do feel that the capitalisation and linguistic choices in the initial email were a dead giveaway.
The entire time this guy was in contact with Jim, there was boss music playing
Good thing the youtube resource quota isn't exhausted for this comment section.
Tht exception is also now resolved 😊
Honestly I thought you were still just scamming a scammer lol.lije they thought they got you offline, while you went 100% to deletion and reporting while partnered with kitboga and pirogue for the calls. Great too see you back either way!
Just goes to show you anyone can be scammed on the internet. Stay safe bros
irony is a professional scambaiter getting scammed. Gotta take your L on this one.
that's quite an accomplishment to scam the scam catcher, just proves they can easily catch victims out that aren't as clued up as you
i tried /JimBrowning and it goes to you
I got scammed at work once. Was a busy night, got a call from someone claiming to be from HQ. They told me that in preparation for the new tablets we were receiving, which was a true situation that we were getting ready for, they needed to prep the digital Gift Cards. They needed me to grab a bunch, read off the numbers to them, then do a mock scan on a register to transfer them to the tablet to ensure e-cards were active and working. I knew that's not how that works. I knew we already sold e-cards on our website and the tablets were for internal use. I still went lizard brained and gave half the numbers before one of my coworkers stopped me and snapped me back to reality. God I felt so stupid, but all it takes is dropping your guard once to be had.
Kudos to you for having the humility to showcase your mistake like this. Even as you were going over the beginning of the story I had alarms going off about the matter, which just goes to show that ANY of us can simply be caught on a bad day if the circumstances are just right.  I have a bad habit of judging victims for stupidity, and this right here really helps adjust that unfair viewpoint. Glad you got the channel fixed in the end, and keep up the good work!
Hey Jim check out psyched substance he had the exact same experience!
They messed up with their scam attempt on Jim, as Jim's viewing really gets this one out of the bag.  I haven't watched Jim in some time and this was the first time in at least a month YT recommended a video of his.  They're probably trying to get the message out.
Screenshots might be from meet Kevin or Graham Stephan.
A
The Right Circumstances: Years ago I sent a donation to a good youth charity.  A day later I get a call from the bank asking if I would allow a charge by CC Bill of THE EXACT SAME AMOUNT, which was by sheer chance.  I almost fell for it, but thought why would the charge be going to CC Bill, when the charity has a business name, even though the charity owner's name was by sheer chance you guessed it, Bill.  I declined the charge, and the girl at the bank was clueless as to who CC Bill was, and was only making the call as they were instructed to verify charges made by CC Bill.  Turns out CC Bill was a company that billed for people like internet porn scumbags and illegally allowed scammers/thieves to charge to cards without having a CCV.  The CC Bill charging scammers wouldn't always go for the gusto, as they figure lesser amounts aren't always caught or noticed, and declined by banks with filters.  I then realized that the mom and pop hobby shop I had placed an order with recently had to be responsible.  When it came out, the owner was trying to get out of it and only said they may have been hacked.  They were hacked.  They were known good people in the hobby community, but were illegally storing card numbers on an internet connected computer, presumably due to laziness.  What happened is that either they were hacked, or their web developer created a backdoor and sold it.  I'll go 50/50 on that.  A few people lost entire accounts due to this hobby business.  That was the last time anyone other than Paypal, Ebay, or Amazon got my card numbers, as they have some real vested interest to not have these things happen.  Sad to say but that is an understandable reason for the large distributors/drop shippers like Amazon running smaller internet businesses out of business.
shout out to supporters lookin out for jim like scammer payback
the circumstances need to be just right - thinking youre going to lose all revenue....
Next video: nukeing everyone who almost made me delete my account
Bruh imagine being this dude trying to scam Jim
Well if they got you we're all screwed!!
Whats the funniest thing in email scams, sometimes what looks like an obvious phishing might be just a mistaken recipient. Like i got obviously scammy email about paying DHL invoice. But when i got a second email on this i realized it is actually from RELEVANT address and someone was just looking through their address book in sloppy way and mistaken me for lady with same surname.
I almost fell for a scam email. It was from PayPal and said that $800 was charged go my account. I knew it was a mistake but never thought this was a scam. I called the number, which was only 1 digit away from the real thing, and the guy who answered was from India. That's when I knew right away.
This is a perfect example of complacency. Where it all seems fine until finally, something is just too off.
Impressive demonstration on how difficult it is to avoid attacks. Now think about a "normal" user.   https://www.youtube.com/jimbrowning is redirecting to your channel again. :)  Thanks for your hard work!
There's a saying that every smart person is a complete and utter imbecile for a few minutes a day.
It seems they trying with scam channels, i hope everything goes back to normal with your account
DAMN MY PEOPLE ARE SCAMMING LMAO
It would be funny if you could switch scammer's robocall software to call and email other scammers.  So they just try to scam each other. Originally I thought it would be funny if scammers own robocall software called themselves. But they would catch on too easily. So having it call other scammers might work better.
Scammers have advanced so much to where they can scam Jim. smh
Wow this is scary shit. This must be known to all content creators
Should have looked at the checks DKIM and DMARC. It would have not passed DMARC and also the reply-to would have not been google. ThioJoe has a good video on this. https://youtu.be/hF1bIT1ym4g
just shows that no one is immune from these things but the best thing you can do is educate yourself and significantly lower the chances
Sorry this happened and thank you for sharing the experience! Fortunately I'm still marked as subscribed! Bet you were chuffed when your url finally directed back to your channel! Hahaha!
Good news I was not unsubbed!!! Yeay!
Hi Jim how are you doing ?
This is not jim browning!  It's a really good voice actor... from India! The accent gives him away. 😉.
Your the man Jim👍🏻 I didn’t expect that to happen to you but it just goes to show, it does happen to the best of us! You do a great job and so many people benefit from the work you do👌🏻
At the time of this comment, 788 scammers have disliked this video, lol
Never scam a scam hunter.
My Channel Was Deleted
yesssssss our favorite tech support boi is back, I thought we lost him forever :(
following links in a random email instead of just going to youtube and figuring it out from there.
Jim getting scammed is like watching a king fall from his throne
Jim Browning has been scamed, hell has risen, the world is distopia
Scammers are leveling up their game, so we need this more than ever
i didn't know it was u until i got recommended this video
The question I would be asking myself (if I were Jim Browning) would be: Was I deliberately targeted for being Jim Browning? Did the Indian scammers all chip in to pay a professional hit-scammer to whack me for bustin their balls? Seems too perfect a sting to be just circumstantial, too well thought out, the guy was a full on arch-nemesis. I think you should employ him as your sidekick. With his expertise and inside knowledge skills, he would be a formidable weapon against scams, and you would get to help a Syrian refugee out of the gutter by clothing him in a spandex suit slightly less flattering than your own, and teaching him to use his special powers to do good.
Kinda surprised when you first contacted YouTube they said they couldn't do anything but later on when you talked about it then the proper people to recover the channel came in. A bit disappointed with YouTube on that part as if it was me I would of gave up and properly lost my youtube channel.
Very detailed video. Thank you for the due diligence and effort. 🔥
Maybe they just watch your channel a lot and took notes?
good to see you back
It's okay, I thought I was above falling for something like this, too. But several years ago, I got an "Apple ID" email about my account being hacked (Apple's emails I think will only say Apple but do not quote me). I'm not very familiar with Apple, having planted myself on Team PC/Android, but...I did use iTunes back then. I too wasn't paying a lot of attention.   At the time I got the email, my brother had just been in a bad wreck with my car (someone tried to either illegally pass another car on a curve or they were racing. Either way, they hit him head on). I had been jobless when this happened and the day after, finally got a job offer. We temporarily moved in with our mom as her apartment was easier for him to move around in with a fractured leg and other broken and fractured bones. Also, I at least got a silver lining with her house being much closer to my new job, so she didn't have far to take me.   But all of this is to say that I wasn't paying attention and filled out a form that even asked for my SSN, thinking that was some new security feature. I had already sent it before I took a closer look. Slightly broken English, capitalized letters where there shouldn't be, and a link that absolutely wasn't from Apple...I'd been duped, and in the most obvious way. Very embarrassing. I gave the info of the email to Apple and began keeping a close eye on my credit and personal info.   I've so far been lucky and I haven't had any fraud activity. Once I get to a confortable place where I'm personally not needing to use my credit for anything (I'm in the midst of moving right now and doing credit repair), I'll probably put a lock on it so it'll flag whenever my SSN is used for something.   But that's all it takes, being a little distracted and boom, the very obvious scam becomes less obvious. So, I try not to judge too hard when others fall for these things.
https://www.youtube.com/jimbrowning is working again. It is your channel not the fake one.
Guys he just threw for content, it’s all good
well my phone can’t suppourt viruses because of the ios version
how did you of all people fall to a social engineering scam like what LMAO
ok if mark rober tried to get youtube to help you then how many people work for youtube
Almost fell for this a few weeks ago myself... It's a really sophisticated scam. Thanks for raising awareness Jim!
If he was really as rich as he bragged he wouldnt have asked for $100. He would have snuffed at that and said he didnt need ur petty cash.
I got the same email weeks ago and i almost fell for it, the scammer sent me a chat message to my business email address, so not to the one i use to log in ( never share your account email)  The @ google . Com you are talking about is the google chat notification not the person who is sending the chat message. I also sent him a grabify link and he was in turkey. I realised that the scammer is sending a lot of these chat emails and i recently change the channel's name so o started messing with him and i asked him to send me my channel link, and he sent me a different channel. He kept messaging me for a couple of days and i wasn't responding. I have screenshots if you need em.
Jim, Thank you for the honesty. Anyone, no matter how diligent, can be scammed.
So your logic was "I put my ONE ACCOUNT onto my new phone, so that makes a second account." Were you high at the time?
From the series: How did I meet my best friend
Love what you’re doing. Wow. Scammers. Man.
This makes me think... even the scammer destroyer got scammed. It's possible for any of us to fall for something without realising. The best thing is to never feel better or wiser than scam victims, rather use it as a source of knowledge for the future
I got hacked a few years ago and long story short, the guy got all my usernames and passwords from my PC, put a filter in my Gmail to instantly delete mail containing the word "paypal", and then he cleaned out my bank account via PayPal and closed the account. It was the same thing as here, I had to create a new PayPal account, they couldn't "recover" it, but somehow they could cancel the payment from the hacker and refund it back to me. It's probably something to do with privacy that they can't directly access closed accounts or something.
jeez spheach skill 100
holy shit my prediction came true
He might have gotten confused because i've never heard of 2-sa. Instead of "step", i've only ever heard it as "factor"; so 2-factor authentication or multi-factor authentication.
Fun fact he probably saw this video and is having a laugh of his lifetime because his domain is still active and he's probably still scaming.
this scam is also youtube’s fault for not mentioning that videos will be deleted
So good to have you back here Jim. I wish you all the best for all you do. 😊
Jim I'm Disappointed in you!
Scammers; we have to get him out Jim; not gunna happen
jim the guy that if you say hi on minecraft he will get your bank account
Spiffing Brit got burned too.
Glad to see you fixed your channel link.
They got Jim. We're doomed.
Please keep going Jim Browning and please keep going OK respect from Scotland😃😃😃😃😃😃
The scam baiter got scammed
good to see you have got your channel back and keep up thee great work on getting thhese scammers
Pretty sure spiffy might even be one of the channels
Holy Crap!
i feel as though he could have had a yt channel with a large sub count, you only caught this as you are fairly good at tech support etc, i can think of a few young yters with large sub counts who could fall for this, some of them have parents who dont even know about there channel, i could see them failing to spot the scam and lose a multi-million sub account
Herp-a-derp. 🤣🤣🤣
This just telling me even professional makes mistake, we are all human after all. Thank you Jimmy for sharing this and im glad you can get back your channel.
holy crap
Yeah turkey is on fire right now so he could have suffered a crisis
Sorry to hear this very happy you got you're channel keep up the great work Jim.
Although I enjoy this channel it only supports my theory that I have no business messing with the www other than the basics.
Naw-jim
I almost fell for a classic visa credit fraud charge the other day. It was right after I had actual fraud on my account, but I realized when I asked them to tell me what my name is XD
You are not the only one the spiffing Brit got hit with this one. He made a video about this also. This could be hitting people that are big and small alike. I wonder how many are actually affected. The end of his video he also states the guy asked for a job from spiffing Brit.
Here from spiffing Brit 😳
Glad it worked out in the end. And i'm glad it was you so we could get a PSA video warning people about this social engineering trick.
The exact same thing happened to the spiffing brit.
The Spiffing Brit got scammed by exactly this lol
Wish we can have some footage of this Navy SEALS operation in the beautyfull land of Turkey, one day  xD Or UKSF if you prefer >_>;  Glad to have you back!
Oof
This Scammer gets the Keys to the Kingdom & all he does is Spam Jim Browning. Google deletes NOTHING! They do backups for NSA & the DarkWeb.
Glad you are back
Lol he wants feedback on his scammers capabilities?! Lol
What’s more scary you should tell your scammer friends about it so this doesn’t happen to everyone I do believe I had something similar also are used to get tons of emails from google emails about someone’s trying to access your password. So now on I don’t mess with that kind of stuff anymore.
The /jimbrowning URL is working for me
Even being an Indian , I have informed my parents about all these scams and told them never to give any passwords and OTP in an case. All thanks to you. Also you guys have to start a campaign within your family and friend circle about these types of scams and inform and educate elderly who might keep falling for such different scams.
comon jim ...   the double adsense one ...   really ...   THAT one got you ...     that blows my mind ...  it really does !!!!
It happens to the best of us Jim.  1 for the scamers.  Go get em.  Yeeehaw.  Now it's personal!
Stumbled upon this channel through Spiff reporting how you both got hit by this scam. I've enjoyed looking through these videos. I love how you're actually shutting down some of these places and making a difference. Also it's hilarious how you've gained enough notoriety in the scamming world for people to know and fear your name. How does it feel to be Batman of the cyberworld?
The statuesque perfume superfamily polish because expansion muhly heap anenst a mushy steven. ultra, painstaking wine
You are very brave to admit that you got scammed.
So both Jim Browning and The Spiffing Brit was targeted by the same asshat?
The scammers had enough
I discovered your channel today. But I'll give you an advice. If this will be an advice for you.  If you'll ever find time, watch some linguistic videos about accents. They'll help you on calls with scammers so you can track their nationallity easier.  For example. Your accent sounds celtic to me. Witch means that you might be irish, welsh or scottish. However, I also could be heavily mistaken. Since everyone is using VPNs at this point, it is helpful to recognise accents to track a nationallity.  Sorry if I revealed your nationallity. I'm not a scammer but just a random stuff genZ nerd.
So so glad you got your channel back. What an .. adventure?
youtube.com/jimbrowning has been restored too! Congrats!!!
The "last confirmed password" thing really gave it away  Just remember, no one official will ever ask for your password when giving assistance. If anything, you'll be given a password reset prompt, which would be a link through your own email, especially if you have 2FA. Nice catch over there.
Had comment here but got deleted or something. Anyways almost got scammed twice and really just luck and paranoia kicked in at right time is only reason I didn't. Its hard not question a figure that can come off as authority or expert.
Those first few minutes were so suspenseful I almost fast forwarded. I knew they wouldn’t REALLY get you.   LONG LIVE JIM BROWNING!
Welcom back Jim
checked the link https://www.youtube.com/jimbrowning, it now goes to you. :)
U weren't the only big youtuber who feel for that scam. Spiffing britt (gamer) had the same happen to him. Duplicate adsense account blabla. Really well thought out scam when even the legend Jim Browning can fall for it. No shame in that. We are all humans
So even the king gets f***ed :)
Youtube is the worst. You would've been screwed had this been a smaller channel. Youtube has been deleting and silencing channels that expose sexual predators who prey on little children. That's right, youtube openly protects and defends sex offenders and pedophiles. Youtube has been shutting down channels because they were exposing and preventing these monsters before they could ruin a child's life. It's disgusting.
What's crazy is the coincidental and random nature of this. This individual was not even targeting 'Jim Browning', which I assumed when I clicked on this. You mention how this coincided with the phone change you made which left you susceptible and questioning. Shows how easy this can happen to anyone, even people who are extremely careful, cognizant and experienced with scams and scammers. 2FA - on _all_ my accounts.
It’s good that you’re back man. :)
I'm so glad you're back, warrior! Unfortunately, everyone can be scammed even with a lot of efforts  and caution. Welcome back!
The Dark Knight Rises
Damn I hate scammers
Welcome back, Hero.
This is the second YouTuber that I’ve seen their channel deleted in the last month
Jim lost the battle... *But he never lost the war.* Also I like how Jim tried to use talk no jutsu to help the guy become a better person but the scumbag refused.
A little humorous considering the subject of your channel, but understandable. Company systems tend to be so dense and confused these days the right thing to do for a task may make little sense. You were even sent to a support team who didn't know how to support. Glad you were able to see proper restoration later.
How did you retroactively start recording? Or are you always recording?
There's always a bigger fish.  In this case it was some Turkish guy who scammed a 3.35M sub cyber-security specialist in an attempt to steal.....$100.  What a chad.
You just copied The Spiffing Brit.
The Google Chat email is legit. It's a reminder email that you get when someone chats with you while you're not there.
If they fooled Jim they can fool anyone.
Looks like you youtube link is back now.
Lmao pajeet scammed you
I was worried when I couldn't find you. I thought you just existed in my dreams or something.
Social Media.....it will get worse......
Hi Jim! Because of the civil war in Syria a lot of Syrians are fleeing/immigrating to Turkey. Sadly most of them are economically and socially in a very bad place and thats way there are lots of Syrian refugees in Turkey that choose making money in an illegal way. Sad story but still he/she shouldn’t have done that ofc.
We all do dumb stuff you can't always be right.
This looks like an inside job to me.
Jim browning got scammed lol
Luckily I'm the most paranoid man alive so I never have any of these issues
Thanks for sharing , it makes me being scammed feel a little better. BUT please don't support Bitcoin!!!!!  They make the scammer life easier and untraceable . Wait until bitcon joint the real world so we can 'follow the money' Thanks Warren
You got scammed because you are greedy. Worried you would lose ad revenue, you followed a link.
Imagine....a smart bloke like you being conned.....now imagine the gullible people out there and.............  Scammers exist because they prey on the gullible, it's the law of the jungle. Period.
Plot twist: this channel was successfully stolen by John Whiteley, an evil hacker and master impressionist who uses this channel as a front for his nefarious deeds.
That footage of the call center at the end needs the King of the hill theme laid over it.
GGoogle, Youtube, facebook and Twitter have been stupid by employing people from India who are being biased and act as spoil sport. They have not  spared journos in a who speak the truth that goes against the government.
Ironic, when the the person who gose out to stop scammers, gets scammed himself. Well that tell everyone that anyone can get scammed even the EXPERTS im glad that you got your channel back
The spiffing Brit just made a video of being scammed by the same scammer. The channel that the scammer was talking about could be his.
I'm so glad you got your channel back. I just checked and I'm still subscribed, 🙂
wow 😯 sorry to see this happened to you Jim. It says I'm still subscribed btw
A scammer not from india but from turkey, for a change.. 😂😉
proof that ANYONE can be scammed!
They must have the biggest balls to pull this off and eventually succeed.. but Jim is just too fucking strong
Thank god your back.
It would be sad to lose you!  But I suspect you got scammed...
Spiffing Brit got done too... madness
Scam baiter was about to be scammed!!! But he is a pro!!! Love from India sir!!! ❤️
Love from Malaysia.. Keep it up !
Scamming Jim Browning is ballsy in itself, but trying to recruit THE Jim Browning for futher scams is amazing. I'm almost 12 mins in and had to pause and thnk about this. How secure am I? If Jim can fall for this, what's the world coming too? and I've still got 9 minutes of video. Faark... Hats off to Jim for an amazing recovery... but mild panic is setting in...
9:52 ”What do you mean by real support?” “iM YOutBe”
Hi I'd like to alert you to a new scam that I just found while trying to apply for my 1st job. They are called US Tech solutions and they say they're based out of Aloha Oregon and apparently and apparently they call you and say that they will accept you for a job position and then they never get back to you.
So he said he could've made 16k in revenue, but desperately asked you 100$ ? hahaha
First spiff now Jim. 2 people known for hacking/cracking/exploiting got baited, they're getting good.
Thank you for the info. I don't know if it helps, but any email I get from any one I will go to website directly. I also on cell calls will hang and call back. if its legit they will understand. I have started two step id as well.
Yeah just stick your phone in the microwave…nah it wont fry it…this is how you transfer data…
Looks like your contacts in India got their revenge.
11:06, how did he not know about your channel's purpose, it is right there in the profile picture??
scammwr get scammed
Jim is about to unleash hellfire on any and all scammers because of this stunt. Be warned, scammers.
Oh no it’s so ironic... glad you’re back. I used to work for an MCN and I’ve done this process before merging brand accounts and it was stressful enough with it fully being under my control.
I mean the irony is just incredible but I'm happy you got it back man!
This scam is really well setup, I was like what the heck until the password was asked.
The Spiffing Brit got scammed like that too
Love it, gets scammed and makes money off it. 😂
Hiii i got ""scammed" can you help me Jim, i feel pretty uncomfortable about the situation
Turns out the scammer is dahr man
Even the best lower their guard once in a while.  Glad it got all fixed and it is a very clear reminder that everyone can be scammed when the conditions are right...
Certainly wasn't expecting the Syrian refugee crisis to result in this
As Wile E. Coyote says it:  "Even geniuses have off days."  However, woebegone to the hackers who tricked Jim "Wick" Browning.
Fantastic AAR, Jim! I'm going to add this video to my battery of CYBERSEC training vids (not the first of yours, BTW, but quite possibly the most important). Keep up the good work!
Bit late to reply maybe, but glad to have you back Jim. It shows you're human too, that even the best make mistakes from time to time. Nothing to be too worried about.  Hope you keep doing what you were doing!
Not my specialty but the fact the email seems to have come from the Google.com domain absolutely baffles me
This EXACT scam happened to another youtuber with 2 million subs.  Seems like there's a targeted campaign against big youtubers.
Sen o kadar hintliyi temizle, gel bir türk seni dolandırsın. Büyük oynuyor Türkler 😜. Anyways, I never thought this day I would see.
Scammer: "Do you have people you hate who want to take their channels?" Jim Browning: "...Kitboga?"
That was a wholesome scam, not gonna lie. Apparently he didn't even care to check what the channel was about lol or wanted to test his technique against the hacker lol
Touché scammer
Given how google/google-related support is mostly useless bots, forums or just doesn't exist for non enterprise customers, youtube support reaching out themselves should be a red flag
We gottem boys
Holy shit that was intense...
I think i remember this was it awhile back? Because you disappeared from my subscribe list i had thought u blocked me
In case you don’t know by now, when I went to youtube.com/jimbrowning it went to your channel :)
This just happened to Psyched Substance ! Be careful youtubers :)
the page with ad revenue  [13:34] can be easily edited with HTML (Inspect -> swap some numbers) then you make screenshot and send to someone when you refresh the page it goes back to normal
Wow that scammer was legendary they scamed the king of scam finders with a bit of luck.
Several weeks ago I received a text message on my iPad from a stranger that was just a url link. I was careful not to click on it but ended up inadvertently clicking on it anyway and it appeared to want me to create an account on a porn website. The iPad has this feature(?) where if you swipe from the left it opens a side window for another app. I unintentionally swiped from the left and it opened a side window for the message app and in my attempt to close the window I clicked on the link I specifically didn’t want to. Any comments or more info? Could this have installed malware on my iPad? How would I check?
I find this hilarious :)
Thanks for sharing as it shows how easily it can happen, usually when we're expecting a call about something or just to distracted to concerntrate on the task in hand. Glad you got your channel sorted out.
So that channel was roughly $0.00135 per view
What a scary situation! I'm still subscribed to you.
Great video. Though not quite the same thing, About a year back I got taken for 500 dollars in a gift card scam from a scammer pretending to be my Boss at a new job. I had been stopping people at my retail job from falling for similar scams for 5 years, and should have known better, but I was tired, eager to please, and didn't ask the questions I should have. It looked real and I didn't realize until I had already given 500 of the 2000 they wanted (thank god for the walmart I went do having a max GC cap so I had to drive to another retailer, by which point my brain kicked in and I messaged my boss on slack to confirm that I was, in fact, being scammed). It can happen to anybody, even if you know the scams.
A youtuber called *'Scrapman'* had the same issue a few years ago.  Luckily youtube had helped to get the channel back👍
I almost got scammed from DPD. I'm awaiting a PC to be delivered. I got a email from DPD, and the link sent me to a website that looked like the official DPD website. However I realised that I had never got an email from the company who's making my PC. So I dissmised it. That being said, I did do a quick check, and the website only contained that one page.
I need advice. I had one of the Social Security Calls and never gave away my personal info. On the call I gave a fake name and they asked if I knew someone with my real. What is the odds they have more info about me.  I never game my real name.
Because your channel got copyrighted lol
When the Anti Scammer got scammed. Feels bad for u and all the other victims.  But i'm glad that u and others like Spiff got everything back. Would've missed u all.
I had to resubscribe
Man I really wish there was a way for you to get back at the scammer like unveiling his operation or getting him arrested, would’ve made a sweet comeback video only to boost your channel that was targeted by the scammer. Either way, glad you got your channel back and I just subscribed after watching a couple more of your videos
I am totally on your side when it comes to exposing scammers but at the same time this is a great video showing that anyone can be scammed and that 2FA is the way to go. I appreciate you making this video.
The biggest red flag on an email is HI. A genuine email always state your name/username.
This has to be a new achievement for the scammer.
It is a bit surprising that you fell for the initial step of this, with your knowledge and experience.  There were a few periods missing in that first message, and the "We are waiting for your reply" looked odd.  Kudos to you for your actions once the lightbulb was lit, and this excellent video explaining the scam.  Love your meticulous documentation of chats and screen entry.
You got scammed...
Im surprised you got scammed?   They getting better (scammers)
I didn't scam YouTube! I AM YOUTUBE!!!
12:06 I have to give it to the scammer here... I've been using 2-factor authentication daily for many years but have never seen the "2SA" abbreviation. Not saying it's incorrect or not used but I wouldn't understand either. We've only ever used the 2FA abbreviation.
Scammer Hunter have ben scammed by Scammer Master!
I'm sure the asshole who did this will reveal himself on this video. The artist always comes to claim his art, when it is placed on a pedestal
Imagine if ten minutes in to the chat you suddenly received a phone call from someone telling you to stop what you were doing and that you're being scammed
It was Kaya Orsan
great work!
I need to correct a point. The fact that YOU are gullible enough to fall for this stupid crap does not mean I am, or any of your other viewers for that matter.  It might make you feel better to believe that anyone can get scammed, but many of us would never fall for such an obvious scam.
YOOOOOOOOOOOOO  my day has been made knowing you are back :)
If it's google were talking about just ask the scammer for your full phone number.
That 3mill was real it’s in trending
Ty for the reminder at the end to check subscriptions! I instantly resubbed! Glad most of everything is back to normal!
This is gonna be like when Batman got his back snapped by Bane. You'll be back with a vengeance!
I swear I knew he was an Arab when he used the term "I own" to refer to him knowing how to get ur channel! the guy was mostly using google translate to communicate with you, and this guy's English is almost non existent since he doesn't know how to use google translate correctly!  one more thing Jim, I respect you for showing that even someone as well versed with scammers could get scammed! I love your content, keep it up. and if ever u needed something translate from Arabic to English you know who to contact!   ;)
glad u got the channel back and that sneak peak is something well worth looking forward to looks like u hit a jackpot
Did that scammer asked you to scam and DIDNT looked at your channel pfp, he is blind
Im glad u recovered it u r like my fav channel
About 17:15 - that's because youtube doesn't care what they send in emails, especially since most of these are sent by a bot which would explain it all. Mutahar from SomeOrdinaryGamers had similar problem where his video got flagged and when he sent a reply that youtube should rewatch the vid cause there was nothing to flag it for, he got another reply from the bot that they rewatched the vid and haven't changed their minds, even though they've sent it like a few minutes after mutahar's reply and the video itself was a good few-teen minutes long.
They are pure dirt the nastiest crap you can think of. They make me sick
So the person exposing scams got scammed? Lmao
Let's just nuke the region and squash these scams once and for all
S̥ͦM̥ͦR̥ͦT̥ͦ
Geez, I'm fcuked. If Jim can fall for it with all his experience...
Imagine the title was clickbait and said we got scammed. Then proceeds to explain how he got us and so that undoes the scam.
13:08 - I'm sure you already know as you are very experienced with scammers, but they could easily use ctrl+shift+i to locally edit the webpage.
gald you back
mistake I see is "duplicate Adsense account"  should be account"s"  - also it just says Hi.  Usually they do not say Hi.
It's a scammer's ruse trying to bust the scam-buster!
Welcome back Jim, your (2nd) discord link is invalid (might be expired),... this is not a scam!!
Wow. What a wild ride. It's good to see you again Jim.
You can start rubbing  your hands together in anticipation around 8:00
Why did you edit the video at 3:21? What did they say
Wo the fact that scamers are better in scaming than youtube support in helping is fucking amazing
I wanna be just like you jim browning
Hard to be believe even Jim Browning could get scam... The scammer must be proud of it ... Cause he might be the first person to scam Jim.. love from india Jim
The (Anti) Scam Master himself got scammed
I am pretty smart when it comes to scams too but they got me with a refund scam from apple. I was like i didnt download that app refund me and boom the got my stuff. Be careful out there.
Wow, so google ignored, then gaslighted you before finally caving to your viewerbase after going OUTSIDE the google ecosystem and BIGGER youtubers, and recovered it out of the kindness of their own black little hearts? F-Them. Thats a clear message to you that you matter ZERO to them outside outside noise.
Sad that you need the world to plead on your behalf to get any real help from YouTube. It couldn't care less about the small fries.
If Jim Browning can be tricked, there is no hope for the rest of us.
And I thought Furio asking for 1000 dollars was bad.
Scamming the anti-scammer and actually had partial success? This guy is good.
They just shot john wicks dog
karma i think
Am sick of getting hermes and royal mail text scams, interesting enough its when i am actually waiting for a package 🤔 As i was bored and have unlimited texts i basically spammed the same message to them ova and ova again and so did my twitter followers 😆
13:10 Well, he fooled you, and you have over three million subscribers. So may as well give the guy credit. He probably was successful in stealing a big YouTube account.
Honestly, judging for the way he talks, i feel like this guy is a teenager or a young adult that really doesn't know what's doing. Maybe his father or a relative works at google and he got the access like this, like opening his dad's computer when he wasn't home or something. I mean, the way he lies, brags, but mostly for the offer to screw someone's channel you hate. He also didn't cut contact with you immediatly once he knew you wouln't fall for anything you say, but stopped talking to you once he realized his lies starting falling apart, even if it didn't mattered. This and he looked pretty naive. That's my bet.
Wow another scan center niiiiiice
this reminds me of a scam from a couple years ago where people would use the nicknames of big youtubers and create fake giveaway pics on google photos and then invite tons and tons of people to view the image which would send a notification to their phone saying stuff like "Pewdiepie is giving away 50x iPhone 11!" and it looked at least somewhat trustable due to it being from an actual google app and the notification being a bit ambiguous as to which app it was.
oh wow... there must have gone a party of in india at 6:53 ok and in turkey glad you are back in business, enjoy watching your streams sometimes
Try Chat? How did you miss that red flag???
BRILLIANT Wow Yes you are right ANYONE can be scammed Glad you corrected it   KEEP SAFE
Looks like the scammer been working over-time.
Mine was also
Spiff got struck with the same scam big oof on that whole thing... scammers really are the worse form of life...
Heard you got scammed by Spiff, glad to have you back!
Jim, thank you for all you do! Thanks to you I was able to prevent my dad (who's over 70 and a very smart lawyer!) from being scammed. I used to just watch your videos for fun, but they are truly educational and explain in a way that makes others understand the scam. Obviously you are having a huge effect on their business and that's why they have to try to shut you down. You are truly a superhero, thank you for all you do!
No way you got scammed 😂
wow did the tables turn!
You've gotta admit it's kinda funny that the guy who's taken down entire scam operations in the past got scammed
Some Turkish guy scamming Jim FUCKING Browning himself and only asking for a $100 in the end and give the same advice as Youtube support is hilarious
I would like to know more about the sending e-mails from google chat thing.
They tried to scam me using the Google chat claiming to be from ASUS. The problem is I'm a police officer and my channel is about law enforcement. I don't showcase technology. I immediately knew it was a scam and never responded
i will never be scammed i have learnt way too much
Get rekt Jim 😂🤣😂🤣
They got spiffy Brit too
Very honest of you Jim. Glad you are back and keep up the good crime fighting
There's been a couple of other YouTubers saying the same as this, The Spiffing Brit being another one I can think of off the top of my head
The Spiffing Brit also fell for this trick. He also made a Video about this.
The irony is incredible. Glad you've got your channel back.
The other jim browning started uploading again😂😂😂
1.4m subs in a few days is pretty damn sick though
Keep doing what you're doing Jim you obviously struck a nerve and people are none to happy with your fight against the scammers.
What noobs are working as IT Security Managers in Youtube
I think theSpiffingBrit was one of those 2 channels...
So they didn't change their address at all they just have their display name as YouTube Support in Google Chat and if they message you while you're offline Google sends you an email (unless you change the preference). That's why the link took you to the legit Google Chat website and why the email came from Google.
So scary this crap! Glad you got your channel back though The same thing was tried with the YouTube channel Someordinarygamers! I think it was the same scam
Hey, none of us are exempt from this behaviour. 😜✌️😜
im glad your back <3
Yeah, found this all out from Charlie, glad you got everything recovered man.
Even the experts fall for these scams sometimes. Show that you should never underestimate them.
seeing how bad the ACTUAL youtube support seemed compared to the scammer. i now suddenly understand why despite existing for almost a decade, youtube has not been able to fix that annoying "forced" subtitles bug on their site. i have checked on all of my devices that i have logged in, that yes i have turned subtitles off from the settings on all of them. despite that i still get them turned on over half of the videos that i try to watch. while it is annoying on pc, it is even worse when it happens in mobile. because then i have to fiddle with the little cc button on touchscreen interface.  if netflix and even some small streaming service, like C-more that only operates on northern europe. could not only see if subtitles are on, but they even manage to see what language i want to use. then i have to say that Youtube with all of that google money behind them, should easily be able to code their site far better too.
"The man who was able to scam and hack Jim Browning's channel" will be forever remembered in scamming history.
Not the only big YT to fall for this scam: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6e43Rz__YM&ab_channel=TheSpiffingBrit
The scammers were fed up  with Jim and probably did this to him directly. IT WAS INDIA! lol Glad you are back, Jim!
13:17 I think I saw that in wholesale Ted's video. Not sure about the exact information
Nice to see he wants to improve 🤗
This guy was really genuine I think, And being a Syrian refugee he'd really need alot money..  The government there sometimes seizes innocent family members, And asks for £100,000 to have them released. So they get extorted.   So this guy might have a family member that he's trying to get out of life imprisonment (sometimes disappearing for good, without any trace left of them). They get stopped at checkpoints and if any member has even Facebook or any western type media on their phone installed, They'll be arrested. If there's any logs of them calling anyone outside the country, They'll be arrested too, It's the same thing.
I had 2sa enabled on my rockstar account but still got hacked. It can still be bypassed it seems.
I actually don't doubt he's got this number of accounts. I've seen a few different YouTubers saying they lost their accounts, and have them 'held hostage'.
Comment for the algorithm.  Funny re: Rober, and good reminder that anyone can get caught in these traps.  Also, two-factor for the win!!  Keep up the good fight Jim! 🙂🥦🦖
Jim looks like you got your channel back man! Hell yeah!!!!
Yeah they've gotten so good with this crap. I don't even click links from "official" emails anymore. I close them, go straight to the main page and open a official chat.
I was so sad when I saw on other channels that your channel was deleted Love you vid btw
12:32 - the placement of "only" - and there you have where the scammer is from.
I'm most shocked that the real YouTube support actually helped you so quickly. They usually let creators languish forever!
And the master gets scammed
Happens to the best ones❤
Nice try so called "Jim Browning" you almost had me convinced, but I know the real Jim Browning would never be scammed. He would've hacked into the scammers YouTube account and forced them to pay him to get their channel back.
hehehehe you are playing with your indian "friends" like a mouse and a cat, i think the score now switch from 100-0 to 100-1 :D
I am using a Galaxy A51. Dude definitely doesn't have millions. 500$ in savings is a stretch
Who is here from penguinz0
ah well it can happen to the best of us sad tbh
I ordered something as it was coming from DPD, and got an email from them, but  checked the link and it didn't match. also saying they missed my delivery and wanted a payment - which is a red flat.  Best thing is be a suspicious of everything, question everything...
Graham Stephan is a pretty large YouTube channel That's open about their income. He makes around that from what I recall but it's been awhile since I've seen the video with it.
Wow, someone in India is now a hero in the dark Kingdom of scammers. They took down the king of anti scammers! I thought this was click bait!
Scammers:1 Jim: ♾
This is what happened to spiffing Brit to.
There are 5+ million Syrian refugees in Turkey.
Wow, that was really eye opening.. So glad you got your channel back. Scary stuff !
Jim's a dark souls boss and after you think you've got him down he sheds his armor off and powers up lmfao
I almost got scammed on steam through discord, I had a person dm me on discord saying that they accidentally reported my account. They said they filed a report to a steam admin to get the warning removed. Turns out it was a scam but unfortunately I realised as a gave them my password. I only fell for it because they did have an official valve employee badge on their account. I realised it was a scam when they asked for money, saying they would immediately refund it. They wanted me to pay the total amount of games I have on my steam account. Luckily steam support was able to get my account back, but I’ve also learned that if any company is trying to contact you, they would never do it through dms or personal messaging and would never need your password info.
Well you know that Jim is about to uncover this scammer. Can’t wait for the upload my man!
If Jim Browning was paranoid before, image how paranoid he is now after becoming a victim.
Epic fail. How could anyone think this email was legit? Just delete your channel anyway.
Scammer: I'm YouTube Jim: I'm YourGod
13:36 That looks like a social blade screenshot.
But why
So glad you're back, Jim! You are right, it's those coincidences that really clinch it and it's no surprise that you ended up getting tricked. Even then, you recorded and assembled this video to help others— thank you!!
That Turkish guy is surely now a celebrity in scammer world 😂
I will not be suprized if that one is a viewer trying to trick you, the master of identfying tech support scams.
Jim Browning scammed - My faith in humanity lost.
Jim: you may have outsmarted me but i have outsmarted your outsmarting
Incredbile story. Thanks for sharing it!
If he's using a Samsung A series device he's not as rich as he says.
Yessss
I wonder if the domain is not google.com but goog(capital i)e. It looks similar and hard to differentiate.
He got The Spiffing Brit too
Wow. Spiffing brit fell for it and you did as well. These scammers are getting too advanced
I've been getting more and more convincing bank scams lately. Scary stuff. I can see how people can get caught.
This in hindsight, was great. Even though it was unfortunate, i think you might be one of the best persons for this to happen to. What better way to shoot themselves in the foot than trying to scam Jim Browning :)
So happy you got your channel back, Jim!
I wonder if the 2.5 million dollars was actually 2.5 million liras, which is more like 300k usd
I have no intention of watching whatever or whoever this video is about, I’m just here to say who cares about a your channel being deleted. It’s not exactly life threatening 🥳
It happens to the best of us, I suppose. Good to see you have your channel back!
So a hacker that hacks hackers got hacked...that's a bit of a twist.
youtTube is too busy deleting speech they don’t want…
Go watch Charlie’s video
Return of the GOAT!
Dang! I'm glad you are back! Do you maintain an offline archive of your video content on another cloud service or external media? I generally try to backup all of my youtube video externally as well. Thank you for the amazing work you are doing sir! Cheers!
Scammers are getting smarter and it shows. Nowadays you can't trust anyone who you used to trust anymore it seems....these people are why I have trust issues but its a good thing Jim is so good at getting back at scammers
I think it'd be fun if Jim actually recruit the scammer as assistant tho
I believe all subrcribers are also reinstated. I came here from Spiff's video about being a victim of the same scam. I'm a subrcriber of the Spiffing Brit, and I didn't even notice the absence of his channel (I was busy the past few days). I just saw his video and didn't have to resubscribe.
Hi Jim, glad your channel got restored, I'm a new subscriber and Charlie (penguinz0) introduced your channel and the scam that took place to us. Cheers!
So the channel that was hijacked at 13:00 is... The Spiffing Brit ?
(:
watching this video gave me anxiety
751 SCAMMERS DISLIKED THIS VIDEO LOL
Well I subscribed. The Spiffing Brit brought me here.  Ingenious little parasites aren't they.
Haha. He chose the wrong person to scam! But it's scary to see how vulnerable we all are. Anyway, I'm glad you're back Jim Browning!
well it was only matter of time before they stepped up there tactics . We need to change ours now never mind being nice , now is the time we hack and cause chaos . HACK THE PLANET!!!!!
Jim Browning got scammed... NO ONE IS SAFE
Well, you have proven to be human. You earned a lifelong right to tick the "I'm not a robot" checkbox. Glad you're back!
imagine losing your UNIQUE YouTube URL because of a scammer. I'd be livid.
13:30 I think he just f12 edited the numbers
As a Syrian myself I was really shocked when he mentioned his nationality! After all that happened to our country, what a shame
Watching this video makes me sick. When you describe it, I can feel the emotion in your voice. It’s gross. I can’t get through it. I feel for you bro. I’m super happy you got your channel back.
You helped me this past weekend.  Turns out my dad worked with a tech support scam and I recognized it right away when talking to him.  Did get some money from him and did some nasty stuff to his comp.  But was able to get it wiped and clean this past weekend.  I was actually quite surprised he fell for it but i see that anyone can if they're not paying attention.  Glad you're here with this channel.  Doing great work
I literally don’t even look at emails, they’re deleted as soon as they come in.
Excellent video.  Glad I watched that.  Ask a thousand people if they have an issue about a recent activity and you will catch someone.  Edit: I didn't have to re-subscribe.
Naw. Shit. Why is that more scary sounding come from Jim than a threat or some other shit xDDD.. like you just effed up buddy lool
still loving the old phone calls on the landline - Hello this is Microsoft Windows, there is a problem with your computer. Sorry, my Typewriter is a little busy right now, I'll call you back!!
Thank you for sharing your experience! Scary situation, scammers are getting bolder. I did not need to resubscribe, even the notifications from your channel are still active 😊
Hey Jim, I'm from Syria and I wanted to add something to your video: There are a lot of Syrian people in Turkey, as refugees or as immigrants who work and live there, but they might actually be in Syria. The Syrian north is basically under Turkish controll, or at the very least under the control of factions that are allied with Turkey. The people there get no services from the Syrian state, and they almost 100% rely on Turkish internet for staying connected. An IP that appears to be in South Turkey might very well actually be in North Syria.
This YouTube also went through the same thing. https://youtu.be/K6e43Rz__YM
Jim Browning got taken by scammers---I guess hell truly has frozen over
the google forum really sold it for me, if they really wanted you to fill something out it wouldn't be on a forum xDD
Then this video shows you an ad to win a car you have more chance of a lift on blue orizon to bezos sky high rocket ?
Turkey has some of the best Scammers ngl- i mean skill wise yk
No „big tech company“ will ask their customers to do destructive actions on their data. They have all the controls they need to do anything, and when they don’t, they create scripts and tools to manage. It’s simply unreliable to expect that everyone is going to follow your guidance correctly and it’s hard to control blast radius of random people actions. So, don’t delete anything when you’re asked to.
That you can contact youtube support at all is a huge giveaway it is a scam.
I was so sad when i didnt find your channel on Youtube search
I read the "Naw" you typed and imagined you with steam coming out your ears and I got a wee bit scared, Jim. Just so uncommon to see it typed yet I say it everyday.
I'm crying for you. Good on you, Mr Jim
Something similar happened to Megan Rienks, unfortunately she was not able to recover her videos.
Personally I wouldn't delete my account even if youtube asked.me to. I also have a general rule, never do anything for anyone I didn't contact directly myself.
wow the scammers got their revenge :D
This is very very disturbing and scary, if they can hit ne of our generals! We're all doomed :)
Hey, You should write a ebook about scams & counterscam's technics. If it's affordable I'll be one of readers. Greetings from Belgium.
Only Jim can 180 a scam that deleted his channel 😏🤣
brutal.... but a super easy way around these scams is when you get an email from someone that seems legit, call their main office, use their normal public number or contact routes to find out if they actually contacted you and what they need.
Of all the youtube channels he would attempt to scam, he had the balls to approach one who destroys scams. He ran out of luck, that is for sure.
Damn 746 thumbs down? yall scammers mad or what?
I was like WTF happened to the channel. No videos, but could view the things on the playlists. Glad your back man, this is one of the most interesting scams I've seen
Yay
Inspect element: am i a joke to you..? -_-
I've used google services for a long time and often you have to jump through strange and illogical hoops like this. So the first part of the scam with the "deleting and moving" stuff isn't actually as strange as it looks. Second part was much easier to spot, but then you might be scared and worried that you have lost your channel etc and are easier to manipulate.
This is quite the interesting thing.
Jeez how many Youtubers were victims of this ? The Spiffing Brit also had the same issue around the same time.
When you think about it, this is pretty funny
Very cool-headed. My bets would have been on someone from India trying to gain revenge for some previous exposé you did. Turns out it was Turkey. Extremely sophisticated and cleverly thought-out scam though. I'm guessing a lot of trial-and-error.  I’m worried that telling other unscrupulous people how to do scams like this, could be counter-productive in the short-term, to other big channels.. Google need to close this account-name loophole as a first priority. Providing proper support would be another priority.
Jim this is actually scary dude.  The fact that this person went through these lengths to target you makes me think that they might have been able to find out your real information. You need to go into a witness protection or something because i honestly fear they will get violent. You're taking away their millions of dollars and people kill over that sort of thing. Be safe <3
Just goes to show how even the most careful and clued up person can be scammed. Keep up the fight and glad you’ve been restored Jim!
I genuinely watched this with horror. So glad you got your channel back and thank you so much for sharing this valuable experience.
The spiffing Brit did the same thing XD Watch his video ; D
i had to resub why?
:( I have no words l, they finally got you
The irony of this video...🙈 But seriously, i hope you have everything backed up, and will be able to reupload it all.
Their are trying to take revenge, careful!
I think I dodged a tech support scam from avg. I contacted them on their page because avg kept blocking one of the sites I upload files to for work. I wanted to know how to whitelist the site.  The guy kept trying to get me to install a remote desktop so he could fix it. I was leery of this and just asked him to instruct me. He spun a line about how thar would be a temporary fix, but if he does it it's permanent. And i said that's fine, I want to do it myself.  While he was waffling I decided to just google my answer and solved it on my own.  Also he kept asking me for specific log files. I couldn't understand why he wanted log files when all I wanted to do was whitelist the site.   Biggest telltale sign that it was a scammer was that after the fact I never got an email asking me to rate my support. Every time I have ever interacted with support anywhere for the last decade I get one of those forms. I think I dodged a bullet.
Ya just didn’t C# that day lol
I clicked the bell notification for this channel, God bless you sir..
The hunter has become the hunted.
This seems like a bad person to successfully scam. Can you imagine the amount of effort that is going to go into figuring out who did this?
Another well made informative video! Even if it was at the expense of having your own YouTube channel almost lost! But you came through it and at the same time shared your experience so others can be more knowledgeable on what to look for in being scammed! Great Job Sir. Jim Browning!
I can't get scammed by email since I never check it x.x
I'm pretty happy to live in a small country with a very minor language. If someone tries to use google translate, it is totally apparent immediately. This makes most of the scams pretty hard to execute.
the legend is back. uh im not jim. the bots? got the wrong comment
7:47 this is why it says - right at the bottom - never send passwords through Google forms. I make google forms a lot for work, and I would expect YouTube to have a Mich mkre secure system for anythibg like this.
Avengers Endgame* I'm Iron Man 😭😭😭  Scammer* I'm YouTube !! (Avengers theme plays in the background) 😂😭😂😭
The MSM has too much power and they abuse it Bigly!
the channel we sus music was hacked and deleted
This is scary for youtubers imagine you have millions of subscibers only for your channel to get deleted
Not only he gave warning about the scam. But, Jim found his variant too lol.
YESSS YOU ARE BACKKK!
Hey Jim! My little sister's google account was hacked multiple times (despite changing her password ALSO multiple times, enabling 2-SA, google says SECURED), but somehow someone keeps trying to login into her account. The previous warning said there was a suspicious login with a suspicious app installed on the device, but we could not find anything. What should we do?
Ok cool
thanks for sharing Jim Browning
It happend tho this guy to https://youtu.be/K6e43Rz__YM
I am youtub.
I've been scammed before. Just goes to show that being scammed doesn't mean you're stupid, it just means you got scammed.
I had an infiltration in my account once a few months back and thanks to 2SV, I was able to know about this. Somehow my password was found by someone in Vietnam so I blocked him twice(He tried to log in again while I was changing my password). 2SV saves accounts people, don't think that it's too much of a hassle to use it. You'll never know if your account has been breached.
£2.5 million and he's a Samsung A50? Tight arse. 😂
Glad your back Jim.
He didn't know what 2sa is because it's normally called 2fa (2 factor authentication)
So you got scammed, eh?
I hate that criminals are able to hide behind registrant anonymity. I doubt that Dreamhost will do anything about it, I know from experience that GoDaddy wouldn't.
Holy hell. I hadn't watched this video thinking this was about a small account setting mistake or some copyright trouble or something, but watching the video it's terrifying how intelligent scammers are getting, to the point they got a guy who professionally busts scammers to actually follow some instructions. This is actually why I don't really like people boasting about how they wasted a scammer's time, reverse-scammed a scammer, etc. They might be entertaining but all they're achieving is helping scammers close up holes in their methods at the expense of some time wasted. In the case of Jim's videos they're very informative about how scammers operate, what kind of vulnerabilities they go after, etc so there's much value to be had, but just sharing stories for the lolz isn't doing anyone a favor but the scammers.  Anyway, I'm glad Jim got his channel back. I hope people don't take the wrong message from what happened to this channel.
Jims plotting on a revenge arc
He practically begs for $100 then sends you a screenshot showing that he made $16k in 28 days?  Also, he does not know what 2SA even is. Anyone with a channel that large would, I think be aware of it and have it on so I highly doubt he has stolen any channels that large. Yeah, definitely copied and pasted. I am glad that you got your channel back in the end.
So glad ur back!
The Spiffing Brit had the same issue and just released a video about it, another big YouTube channel, you should check it out!
So glad you got your channel straightened out. Must have been a pain in the stomach like never before, for a few days. My question is a newbie one since I do not have a channel ( no content) on YouTube. If, when you had first gotten the scammer's email you had closed it and gone straight to YouTube support would this whole thing been avoided. I am so paranoid now, when I get an email from my bank or investment company, I go to my bookmarked link and deal with what the email was about.  Thanks for all the crap you have to go through to keep *us* out of trouble 🇺🇸 👍😎🇬🇧
I’m Youtube
Wow! This is so scary. If Jim can be scammed anyone can be scammed.
Anybody here from moist kritacal
"YouTube" pretending to give a shit is the first red flag it's a scam
Wow u got a scammer using the easiest method to get him lol 😂.
jim you are really genius how u scam the scammer
in 12:19 he did not know what 2SA is because it is usually called 2FA, 2 Factor Authentication, internationally
Waiting for the day they scam my non existent youtube channel
i cant wait for new video about you t tracking him
WOW. What a wake up call. The last person I would expect to be scammed. Glad you got your content restored.
Look at all the scammers disliking this video LOL
What if he actually let his channel get deleted so he gets a good video
Social engineering.  What a mess.
If scammers had a brain and just watched some of your videos, they would know to not mess with you
Lesson of the day that I usually go for. Never click a link to a support team in an e-mail if you didn't ask for a link through e-mail. Usually every company provides support through their main web-site and you would not need to click any link of an e-mail that you didn't expect.
Wow, this is frightening! If this can happen to Jim it can really happen to anyone
I am sure similar stories are in these comments.  I almost fell to a scam because I had a change of job, and and expired/renewing credit at the same time.  Because of your videos and me trying to pass them along I ultimately did not.  Thank you for that, and making me aware that it could happen to anybody.  I have apologized since to a family member because I know how these things can add up.  More information is better and it will help more people.  Sadly I will use your mistake to help inform more, but I hope it helps.  Glad you have recovered.
Your back
SoG did a video on this as well a few days ago! I’d have not known it happened to you otherwise
Thank god he gt it back
This is actually a very well put together scam and I could see a lot of people falling for it.
I am Syrian, so I know how hard it is for my kind  out there, but we don't scam or rob people even if we get super poor, its just not what we do. I hope this one person doesn't change your way of viewing Syrians from your precpective. I am happy that you got your channel back, and am amazed by your technological ways, each video attracts me more into this channel especially that I am studying CS.
Wait, so that Jim browning wasn’t actually our Jim ? 😂😂 I actually believed he was and was surprised why he shared his life so openly when he’s been careful all along didn’t make sense 😂
so... someone scammed a scammer scammer.... someone is scammer scammer scammer!
A scammer has another Teknik, I think they use random names and registered it and report your channel.. so that google mark it as legit
Can't wait for the scammer video your do amazing jim
If ur channel is deleted then how are you uploading this
I would love a video on tips to detect if you are talking to a scammer or the real deal! It would be great to know more red flags
Keep it deleted
My goodness if someone like you can almost fall fully for a scam it shows why so many normal people do as well.  Of late in australia we are getting scammers from overseas spoofing local phone numbers to fool people into thinking its a local phone call.  The system needs fixing to stop this crap.
That earning screenshot can be made to look like that through old-school 'inspect element'. No?
The Spiffing Brit also just got hit with this scam too! this is Wild
I love that you have the humility to share this with us.
Bro. Isn’t ip grabbing illegal? Why would you use an IP grabber. Especially on YouTube?
Glad you got it back, almost 100% positive I wouldn’t fall for something like this but I guess you truly never know 🤷‍♂️
If ever anything like this happens to me, I always never reply to the email, phone call etc... If it was supposedly from my bank for instance, I would contact the bank directly, using numbers or email addresses I know are genuine. I then ask if the correspondence I received was actually from them? Never reply to an email or phone call you have been sent, Always contact directly.
this happend to The Spiffing Brit also
Man, scamming you is probably the highlight of this scammers career. He's gonna be bragging about this forever. But congrats on restoring the channel! All's well that ends well and all that.
I think that guy actually worked in YouTube support.
✨💯💕
I had an unfortunate coincidence myself a couple of years back. I had just had an accident in which my car was written off, and not a day after I had sorted out signing over the ownership of the car to the insurance company (who were scrapping it), I got a text saying that the DVLA owed me a road tax return of ~£56. I was so close to clicking on the link before I remembered that my road tax was only £30 annual. I then noticed it was just a generic phone number who sent me the text, so I promptly reported it.  So I totally understand how an unfortunate coincidence can get the better of someone as savvy as yourself.
FIND HIM JIM
Youre the first to pop up now when I type in Jim Browning, so hopefully that's solved, too!
How do I contact you? I was recently scammed in a Amazon product testing scam.
Thank you Jim for sharing your experience. Anyone can be scammed. God bless. Glad you are back.
get rekt bro
You need phishing protection
12:32 im guessing he is talking about the spiffing brit with the 3 million subs, so i guess he isnt lying with that XD
It is pretty ironic though you gotta admit.
The worst thing now days is that fake emails look real, and real emails look fake. I got an email from the council the other day and the font and size was inconsistent, and there were multiple spelling errors, so I ignored it, and then got a phone call about a fine because I hadn't acknowledged their email
Try convincing the USAF to do a bombing run on an Indian scam call centre lol
I’m so glad you got your channel back!
They tryna take you off the grid,but your smatter than that. Continue to expose theses sprangers. Rubbing ppl of their hard own money.
as a Syrian , i am proud of this guy for reaching this level .. but for a wrong cues , hopefully Americans hire him in a tech company
Trust NO ONE
I know who the 3 million subscribers channel is he stole it was this YouTube channel as due to all his videos are pretty much deleted https://youtu.be/K6e43Rz__YM like every single YouTuber has gotten it
Didn't need to resubscribe. I'm still here. =)
No worries Jim, I was still properly subscribed.
Man you must have been tired. No punctuation in their e-mail and they end it with "we are waiting for your reply." Seems pretty obviously fake
Don't feel bad, Jim. You going through this experience just means you can now be better at what you do and learn from it. I'm sure that because of you, so many people have been aware to not fall for any online scams, you certainly helped me anyway. My mum was almost scammed but because of you I knew it was a scam and I knew what to do  🙂
Apparently someone is trying to do some sort of Bitcoin laundering scam. How do you deal with that?
Starting to befriend the scammer, using a grabify link, what is this pleasant green?
This happened also to TheSpiffingBrit
The replacement thing is a real thing you can do to transfer your channels (usually switching from a personal channel to a brand channel). The issue is, its usually the other way around. If you do it wrong, you could delete your channel...which is what they made you do. I'm just glad I started with a brand channel, this process would have scared the hell out of me.
It takes a VERY brave and magnanimous man to admit they got conned especially when you're entire identity is about beating these schmucks. Jeremy from The Quartering did a big piece on your channel getting jacked and I think the reach helped put the fire up CommieTubes ass a bit ( not to take away from your own work to sort it out of course).   I'm glad you got it sorted and I think it speaks volumes about you that your 1st upload was to discuss this.
*Hey, to you reading* ..... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
wait a minute. this scammer admit he is a scammer, ask for feedback for how good the scam is, AND ask for a job/recruit? bloody hell this one is a professional with a standard. they're evolving.
scary
Did he get scammed? Bruh
Everytime Jim says "Account" I hear something else.
5 million Syrian people living in Turkey.
Glad you got your channel back, friend. The world needs you.
...maybe they can cancel your cannel, they can cancel your uploadet videos, but they never ever can cancel the amdiration of your fans. ....
Glad your channel is back Jim and I cannot wait to see how those plastic dividers in the call centre are a great help in preventing Covid-19 !
I can still hear the cheering from India...
Broadcasting that the host knew about the scam and are investigating it might give the scammer heads-up about it
Why am I picturing a bunch of united scammers who you've exposed trying to pull this off on you ? Like a Oceans 11 scammer group. Scammers 11 in this case 😁
Jim I really am proud of you. You are proof that stupidity has no cure.
R.I.P Jim Browning's URL hope you'll recover next time
Good video.
about the question at 13:36, i think he either photoshopped or used inspect element to get that photo. Either that or he actually has that channel.
The hunter becomes the pray
10:15 How may we be able to scam you better in the future?
Lol good lord, of all people. So sorry to hear this
Didn’t stevie t get his account deleted via scammers?
Proscammer move: I am the Youtube!
gg
scam bstrds like this one is the reason for they have me in my workplace. Part of my job is to analyze mails going in and going out. I'm starting to think that I should make videos about this topic rather then game videos...
The scammer could get around 2-fa if you use the same password for your email and YouTube account, cause they could log into your email, take the code which would come through, and use it
imagine having the balls to seriously try to scam a guy who busts scammers for a living after he’s onto you
Glad you are back.  Jim is there any to get your email off spam lists, short of creating a new email?
Computer hacking is one thing, but the social hacking step is a lot more important to scamming, and this guy just had a better plan for that part. It happens.
I really appreciate what you're doing. I've been scammed and its awesome to see someone take the fight back to them! When I got scammed it was through email stuff when I was seeking housing, people really take advantage of people who have no idea what they're doing or posing as a fake hope. It is truly despicable. So thanks for doin' what yer doin'
Id like to know the addresses for these places.. just, you know,… for a friend…   Im ok with stealing their subscription to life…
This plays out like a movie. Jim begins years before by taking down scammers. Earns a reputation among scammers for his channel. Scammers fucking scam him and take his channel down. Jim exacts revenge and saves the world.
it seems this scam happed to The Spiffing Brit who had 2.34Million subs  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6e43Rz__YM
This guy has to look like Liam neeson at least a little bit
The fact that these YouTube scammers are so self entitled tells me their mommy didn't feed them. They're probably the ones that will take over a channel and will literally post anything that doesn't have to do with the original channel content.  Literally asking for more money after they made 16k by stealing
This scammer could have been a talent for his country but oh wait his country was destroyed.
Youtuber who scams scamers gets scamed
That was a real email from google.com. They send an email if you leave a chat message unread for a certain period of time; the scammer didn't do anything clever to send it. Are you suggesting they remove this feature?
The length scammers have to do...
Give that man a legitimate job!
Imagine having the audacity to go and pull a scam on the anti-scamming god himself only to invoke his wrath as from now on he will destroy the scam center with nukes instead of wits.
What- Recently I had activity on my google account from Turkey i logged him out  huh
Just proof that anyone, even the experts, can be scammed. I'm very glad this had a good resolution, Mr. Browning.
Oh so that's where your channel went! Well, welcome back, although you never truly left.
the fact that the instructions for restoring ur account was practically the same as what u were told to delete it really is terrifying….
9:55 "I'm YouTube" BWAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAA
If Jim could get scammed or lead astray then that goes to show how easy they get your average user.🤦‍♂️ these bastards are cunning and i hate to say good at it. Payback is all yours Jimbo you legend!!!  Im glad you eventually got onto it👍🏼
😲 oh sht they got Jim!!!   This scammer has chosen death!! .....Wait until Jim tracks down his house! 😆
IM YOUTUBE!
I mean greed would keep you doing the scams if I where in his shoes so yeah.. lol if you have a couple million dollars you’re not going to stop working are you?
As someone who's played Runescape back in the early 2000s, I am always suspicious of any email or message scams... Thanks Jagex... I guess...
ITS BACK!!! JUSTICE
Who else came from Charlie's video
your search is still at the top of my search list.. so its still good to me... so glad you manage to get your account back
13:37 looks like SSSniperwolf  kind of revenue  edit - URL now showing proper JB channel - the other mr browning is no longer showing up
2:40 When you're not trying to look for something you tend to not see it and ur brain doesnt care to render it. It's like when you don't realize your friend got a haircut until like 3 days to a week after
/channel/UCBNG0osIBAprVcZZ3ic84vw has a nice ring to it
As a Syrian, I'm quite shocked my people have the ability and audacity to do such things 😱
Must be one of these dislikes
What doesn't kill you...
That's crazy how you like summoned the best of the best scammers to successfully scam you.  The Saul Goodman of scammers.
the Nigerian prince has evolved
ive been unsubbed BY GOOGLE from channels deemed nuisance - Secureteam10 - Brian Harvey etc etc  no way would i unsub from Brian :/
Sorry this happened to you. Glad you got it fixed ! vMy wife and I are both subscribed to your channel , love what you do. When my wife gets scam calls , she really gives them what for ! Keep it up Jim !
I am  happy that you got your account back.. you are doing a amazing job. Thanks
I feel so horrible for you. This is terrifying. I hate scammers they are the scum of the earth. I remember one time I was walking on the street and some woman stopped her car, begging for gas money. I told her I don't carry cash on me, was really polite, and she just glared daggers at me and took off to find some other idiot to fool.
It looks like your original URL is back! Thanks for helping us remember that this can happen to anyone. A year ago, it was pretty close for me too, and I like to consider myself a pretty savvy person. Glad you recovered your account!
Everyone's all happy, things seem resolved, but somewhere in another country a scammer starts feeling like he's being watched ...
We cannot lose you!!!
Jim is it possible see if driver easy are as safe as they say they are, I feel like they are huge scammers
This is why I do not follow anything. if you get anything. you immediately document everything and call the actual business regarding the situation, usually the business will go "we have no record of us calling you or sending you any emails" this is how you avoid any scam forever.
The fact that he still recorded it just means that he is very aware of it even if he wasn't paying attention
LMAO! You plonker.
Bringing back these deleted accounts is an awesome thing that Google/YouTube has done. Let this serve as an opportunity for everyone to learn.  Maybe Youtube can make it more involved for certain accounts to be deleted? Glad you're back Jim, your  videos detailing the intricacies of scammers has no doubt helped to serve law enforcement with actually going after these malicious criminals.
Love you Jim.  You're a great, humble man.
Even the gods can bleed
Don't you young people ever learn. What do you do when you get any email like this simple get in contact with the company directly and find out for yourself.
I’m from Syria and Idk if I should be proud of the guy who made a dragon fall, or should be mad that he almost ruined one of my favourite channels on YouTube 🤐
Of all people to get scammed Jim.... C'mon!
Glad you're back, let's bury some scammers again ✌
Well, I guess we all finally have an excuse to say we where un-subscribed from you! :P
I’m so glad you made it back!!! I enjoy your content!!!
So glad you got your channel back. I heard about this when they tried to do it to Mutahar.
The second domain was a punny code domain
I feel so bad for this scammer. If he is from Syria it makes sense he’s in Turkey to escape the civil war. He probably lost everything and has no choice but to be a criminal. The journey to Germany is incredibly dangerous, and he probably thought it safer, or was forced to, become a scammer.
i like when the scammer get scam 14:35. oooh the irony.
Yep, even the brightest can be fooled. I'm a computer engineer, I've always advised clients, no matter how legitimate an email from any  business or site from your phone company, ISP, paypal, Google or bank saying you have a problem looks legitimate, or if there is a case number, never reply directly to the email, or click on any links. Close the email and immediately contact the company in question through numbers you know are genuine from when you signed up, and start a new ticket looking into it from the parent site you signed up on. Anything that says urgent you are being canceled by whoever I don't even open, I just delete them without reading, and contact the company directly. These days I also advise clients friends and family unless you are expecting a prearranged link from a company, friend or family don't open the email. Not when you can hop over and start a chat in FB, or shoot off a quick text, or Godforbid call someone directly to verify it first.
Mark Rober is the literal manifestation of Mission Failed successfully
The scammer was super wierd ngl
I didn't have to resub, hopefully they are sorting that out.
One problem is that I understand if you own a youtube channel, having some disaster occur due to a machine-detected anomaly sounds INCREDIBLY on-brand. Also: "I'm a millionaire from this scam, can I please have a hundred bucks" sounds a liiiiiittle sketch.
15:08 Likely a refugee, however he may be an actual Syrian born in Turkey. When Jim showed his ip, it stated "Mugla" as the city where he is operating from. Mugla is in the Mentese District, along the Aegean Coast (part near Greece) of southern Turkey.
It seems to me that if even you can get taken in by these people,then we all have to be extra careful and thankyou for the warning. I sincerely hope we have all learnt from this and am truely grateful that it was you, because any lesser mortal would have been sucked in, hook, line and sinker. It also proved that these bastards are far more clever than we hoped.
Sir Spiff was hit with this one as well 😂😂😐
This guys voice sounds so fucking familiar
This will make one hell of a revenge arc
I think if you operate on any social media you should share this video  So people will not loose control of their YouTube channel and their hard work
If JB can be prey god help us all.  Google needs to plug the holes.
The hunter becomes the hunted
It took years, but Jim Browning finally had his properly named account. Moving to Syria amid national conflict. Relocating to Turkey when the situation in Syria collapsed. The strain on his family. All the hours spent learning the ways of the tech support scammer. Jim Browning would finally have his vengeance. It started back when members of his family mentioned he could save and upload videos of his family on the internet. All he had to do to share videos of his grandchildren with the world was to create a youtube account. His interest piqued, he started up his PC. Jim then located the internet browser and searched youtube. Here with guidance from his children he went to create account. When asked for his account name he simply wished to be known by his god-given name. He pecked the letters on his keyboard. Little did he know, some other person had already taken his account name for themselves. Stunned he checked the post-it note covered walls of his computer desk. There was user account information for all the websites he used except youtube. "This must be a mistake," he gasped. This other Jim Browning was having quite a successful time curating his channel. Jim took a deep breath and held it before sighing heavily. "Usurper," he muttered as he carefully laid out his plans to take back what was his. Jim took an interest in this pretender's account content. After speaking with his wife and getting his coffee, Jim perused the videos of this false Jim's channel. Tech support scams were not foreign to him. He had answered many phone calls ended abruptly in disappointment and frustration. Expecting calls from the grandkids only to be greeted by Christopher from Microsoft or an odd sounding woman telling him that his car warranty had expired. Jim set out to take down the man using HIS name. No longer would the world be subjected to the intricacies of phone call and email scams. The world will see the light, shone upon them by his darling grandchildren. Jim sipped his morning coffee and focused on the laptop his son helped set up for him. It was time to get to work.
I am a new lifetime fan of this channel. Hope things stay the way should 👍
'he was probably lying about having other youtube channels' - he literally scammed *you*, Jim. as big an expert on this as could possibly be. what about when he attempts this on some 22 year old airhead vlogger? free money, without doubt.
the scammers are getting tired of you helping potential victims. Hope you never go anywhere and continue helping people.
Wow. Hopefully this video will save someone else from being a mark. Too bad you had to be the example, Jim. I was still subscribed, so that hopefully means that you haven't lost too many subscribers.
This just shows scumbags can get the best of anyone stay safe everyone
I used to work for a big company that started with the letter A and shares a name with a famous rainforest, and listening to all the people that fell for scams has convinced me to always just call the company they're claiming to be from's official support number or email to ask about it. I had to listen to far too many people in tears over being tricked out of their money and not being able to do anything about it. I'm glad YouTube was able to help you out.
13:36 that’s a lot of views, so it’s clearly a big channel, but i don’t think a channel that big would fall for that kind of scam, so i’d say it’s fake yk?
Jim is a legend and this makes him even more of a legend. He came back stronger and more powerful. Look out scammers!
Damn, this EXACT same thing happened to PsychedSubstance
That must be the lamest attempt at phishing I've seen someone intelligent fall for. there are several small errors that paint this email as fake. There isn't a comma after the opening hi, and businesses like google don't use direct language they are as vague as possible so accusing him of having a duplicate account isn't their style. Next they used an uppercase W on the word we, they wont use the word permanently they will use the word indefinitely as its more vague and can be appealed. A lack of other various punctuations and most of all a very unprofessional tone makes this seem suspicious and desperate.
Damn dude.. sorry that shit happened. Thanks for being open enough to share..
We all have our blind spots, don't feel bad about it. I think the moment they told you to delete your channel would have been a good time to call YouTube and ask some questions. I've had a close call with a scammer pretending to be from a government organisation here in Australia that was targeting my mum. She had an online store a few years ago, and they were claiming that something she was selling had been recalled and was dangerous.  While it is true that this product had been recalled (we checked into it, and that part was true), my mum had never sold any of them at the time she had them, and that was about a year before it was recalled. They were demanding all the information of everyone we sold them to, and were very aggressive in threatening legal action and so on. My mum was worried about the initial email we received which is why she called me about it.  In the heat of the moment, they have you on edge and worried, you stop thinking clearly and go into tunnel vision. Thankfully, I asked them for more information and things weren't adding up, so we were able to catch it before trying to comply with them. Not that we had any information to send them at that point, but it was likely only a matter of time before they asked for some information they could use.  I'm glad you got it all fixed. Again, don't feel too bad about it. As you said, they got you at the right time, and it really did seem quite legit. Thankfully, you got it all fixed, and we can all learn something from this. ^_^
Awesome
you may need to consider somebody out there hates you enough to try and have this done to you jim!
The scam buster fell for a scam. What a coincidence.  Jokes aside, I'm glad everything worked out for ya.
It makes me feel a tiny bit better knowing even the expert can be scammed. Too bad that doesn't bring back my $1,000.
After watching the video I wanted to add this this almost happened to me not but a few weeks ago with Amazon... And I don't think it was because I'm a crater they were just trying to get access to my bank account through Amazon. The interesting thing is it made me hook up immediately to actual Amazon and then essentially delete my account because I can no longer get into that account. Luckily it was the account that I didn't care about nore did it have anything attached to it. But this kind of phishing is not just being done through Google is all I'm trying to say. So please be careful everyone. ^•^
The Hunter became the Hunted
The same thing happened to The Spiffing Brit as well if anyone is trying to see how many big channels were successfully deleted by this ingenious scammer
Charlie was right you really are the John wick of computers. Getting info from that dude from a link was super sneaky.
Can't you go after the guy though his I.p addresses?
wow some ordenary gamers muta had this same bull shit happen to him recently! O_O geez
Talking to Scammers really is a better experience than talking to actual YouTube support
If they’re coming for the pro, then there is no hope for the rest of us. More trust issues, great…
When superheroes bleed
Damn deleting your own channel to boost views and subs..
An apex predator who preys upon scammers, got scammed.  Constant Vigilance truly is the only effective defense.
its the scammers if u get emails from google then contact youtube do not open those emails
People need to understand something he didnt need to post this. It is embarrassing for him but he doesnt care because he wants to spread awareness about this scam it shows that he isn't afraid.
Only Jim who's allowed to have a shitty font format in his video presentation and nobody would complain about it. Other people avoid crappy font and using it but Jim made a signature with it, what a mad lad. I'm happy that your channel is back and running for giving us wisdom and entertainment. Great work!
13:32 He could have also just changed the numbers with Inspect element.
There is a list of YouTube earners which that screenshot is strikingly similar to. I can't for the life of me, remember what the web address is.
The YouTuber The Spiffing Brit got hit with this scam too....
Thanks for sharing my guy, i was once sent an email from the company i work for in a similar way using smtp. I didnt know how they did this until i realized i had setup a smtp relay for the printer at work a month earlier. Seems to be a common way and since then i have never trusted email names even if they look legit.
i'm a bit confused since at 5:11 it says you can move your videos, so is that false? when he moved his channels did he lose his videos too? or did he just lose subscribers or something
Wow! What a rollercoaster ride!
Good to see you have it straightened out Jim! Spiffing Brit also got affected the same way. He is also back. Just goes to show anyone can be target's and fall subject to the scams out there. We all learned a valuable lesson in the end. We look forward to more videos taking down those scammers!
I am Syrian and I can confirm that alot of people did leave syria to turkey including me  . I am now in Canada . I am glady that you got your channel back .  Hopefully you can give this scammer some good old karama .
Indian police is hopeless.
That was spooky! How the hell did they have access to Google's domain? Also, why isn't there any warning for the channel owner about their VIDEO CONTENT being lost in one of these operations?! The sheer incompetence on display from YouTube is staggering - this shouldn't be possible!
2:27 - it was via google chat. Does google ever use chat to contact users?
That is the most well-designed scam xD
Who else here from IAmLucid?
his description was copied twice (has nothing to do with vid just pointing it out), also i am grateful you got your channel back!
When the scammers start going after those exposing their scams.
wild
They got psyched substance too hahaha
At the beginning if you did not say this was a scam I would of 100% believed it was actually youtube.
Even the scammer hunter was a victim. This shows we can all be the victim
Glad to see you back!!
So you just happened to be screen recording too? Is this something you do often? I feel like you walked right into it, considering you screen recorded the conversation in real time.
Hey you have a nice channel with good content, i would like to help you doing better animation for your videos, i just need 100$ and your password (i'm kidding just about the money and password part)
At 9:05 he finally breaks the character, but then at 9:25 he tries to directly scam you. Why did he think that going back to the "YouTube support" character would work after he broke the character? Scammers probably work together and this one didn't follow his own rules properly. 14:20 Wow, you actually gave him a taste of his own medicine. That feels amazing to see.
what a page turner 😲
@thespiffingbrit fell for the same thing
A couple years ago K12 schools were targeted by a mass spear phishing that targeted the business secretaries while the business directors were at a convention.  W2s were disclosed en mass, many exploited.  Spear phishing is the scariest.
Proof it can happen to anyone
I bet the Scammer was someone that you exposed as a scammer
Who else found this because of the spiffing brit?
I accidently deleted every photo I ever owned from MS One Drive...  never saw them again despite MS support.
3 million sounds like spiffing brit lol
Damn, that was ironic.. 🙃
I've never seen "2-sa" as an abbreviation. I always see it as 2fa (two factor authentication.) maybe that confused him.
Plot twist: He knew it was a scam from the very beginning and did it all for content.
Terorrism?
What is a burner phone?
Way to go buddy!
Thank you for sharing Jim, so that we can beware of these clever scams too!
so it's via google chat and you can fake that nice
you know it’s some ascended shit when even jim falls victim
Glad you're back. My general rule regarding "legit" emails from major account providers is: Don't click email links. Just open a new tab and go to the website manually. If there was anything important requiring my attention, it will be there when I log in.
"I have 12 YouTube channels!"   You were scammed by Simon Whistler?
scammer mad
Jim Browning revenge arc starts now.
This was quite the wild ride.
They scammed the man himself, and he got back stronger.
I was really confused when I couldn't find your channel and when it said I wasn't subscribed.
Does anyone know how to get rid of the spam emails that just keep changing the email address? I keep getting fake Norton emails that use different characters and different emails to avoid the spam filters.
"I'm YouTube" lmaoo
that is why you need to educate people on how to never get scammed
Up the ra yeooo
I didn’t have to resubscribe
700 scammers
As a Dell employee the company sends us spam e-mail occasionally to test us to see if we will open them or report them. If you open too many spam tests sent by the company you get fired.
I fell victim to a very sophisticated Wells Fargo fraud scam not long ago. This story felt very similar to mine (perfect English with no accent, spoofed WF’s actual number, sent codes from WF’s verified text number, etc). Fortunately I was able to recover the $10,000+ that I had originally lost. I watch these videos almost daily and even have a Master’s degree in IT. I felt very foolish when I finally realized what had happened. This video makes me feel a little better knowing that even the ultimate scambaiter can fall victim as well. Glad you got your channel back Jim. I will continue to support you on Patreon as long as I can, keep up the amazing work
Nice to know YouTube is willing to help the larger Channels, I suppose.
Oh dang, if Jim B can be caught-out, what hope is there for the rest of us?
Wow Thanks Jim for this info and sharing. I never knew people scammed big youtubers?
I guess he can't read English either because he never looked at your damn channel logo...
Why wouldn't he be using a VPN? that seems ridiculous
I can’t believe google let’s users spoof google.com. No, not spoof, use google.com domain!
9:16 Scammer:nO
This sucks but bro why would you type a password into a google form...
I AM YOUTUBE
Just a reminder to share this around to keep every user Safe from these devilish scams.
The fact that the Jim Browning account with 200 subs gained 1000 subs out of his channel being shown like this is a happy little ending to the whole thing. Glad you got your channel back!
OH SHITTT
17:40 This man now has 1,34k subscribers compared to 225 when this video was filmed and only 9 subscribers a week ago. He has 26,868 views now compared to only 696 views a week ago. Pretty nice for him. That's one good thing that came from this situation.
anyone can get scammed. thats tough, im glad you got your channel back buddy.
The Spiffing Brit also had his channel deleted. Fortunately you can watch the videos by clicking oldest videos.
Its nice to see you're humble enough to admit when you got scammed yourself. Sorry to hear you went through this but I guess you would understand better than most how this could happen to anyone if they aren't 100% focused at all times.  Still, got to give props to you for using a fake link to grab a scammer's IP, like watching a novice martial artist learn from the master by direct example.
Just a suggestion for google, Verify or place a uncopyable checkmark next to Google Support to verify it's not a scam and then lock the script to google administrators ONLY. And also, google would never ask for your password, just the email, right? Otherwise, glad to see it back Jim
"I only want 100 dollars" "I made 2.5 million dollars." The duality of man.
If he was really a multi millionaire, he wouldn't be using a budget smartphone like the Samsung Galaxy A50. He'd be using the Samsung Galaxy S21 instead or even the Samsung Galaxy Fold.
You still have me subscribed on here!! Really happy that you were able to get your channel back. I can't even imagine how it would be like if you couldn't get all that work and videos back onto here. It does go to show that literally anyone could be attacked if they are not careful
2.5 million dollars is already a lot of money, let alone in Syria.
Unbelievable!!!
lolz he fooled you out just like dumb ass !!
I'm going to try Grabify on those Jacksepticeye harassers to get their IP address and user agent.
Bring the hammer to them and destroy them Jim! END THEM
TheSpiffingBrit was caught by the same scam
The fact that these huge corporations are completely opaque and unreachable is what helps the scammers the most. If there was a way to communicate effectively with Google, instead of all theses hoops they make us jump through and all the obfuscation they employ in order to avoid dealing with the public, it would be much harder to scam people. And the same goes for banks, Paypal, service providers etc. That's why the scammer disguise themselves as those entities.
I was scammed similarly on steam. A friends account was hacked and the scammer was obviously  reading off a script but at the time I did no t realize .He sent me a link on steam which I clicked expecting some  kind of free skin. After this he told me to mess with some of my inventory setting and to send my skins over to a friend in the mean time.. By removing the pricy setting on my account the scammer could see who I was trading with. He quickly changed his avatar and profile pick to my friends, The problem is the scammer had a level 0 steam account  so when I confronted him he hacked my steam account. Lockley steam support helped me recover my account.
I Found out what happened from Perogie.... So glad you are back... I just did a blind search for your channel from a computer that had no YouTube subscriptions cached.  Great news... your channel popped right up at the top of the search results.  Maybe things will continue to normalize... All the best Jim.... Your loyal followers will find you I'm sure.
Wow, that's why I kinda feel weird. Glad you back 👍🏻 I didn't even notice.. Lol.. What in the world.
17:37 anyone who hasn't looked up this jim browning is genuinely missing out, he makes truly amazing music!
Not too sure telling him what he's doing wrong/right is all that clever.....just a thought!
You was the chosen one! You was meant to destroy the scammers not be scammed! Na but it happend to a lot of people. No harm done
My Cousins channel once got striked he was only 80 Subs and he got striked for scamming he didn't even have any offsite links in his channel
what do you mean by real support?   I'M YOUTUBE!!! lol
There was a big wildfire in Muğla and many people lost their homes. He may be a Syrian immigrant living there and maybe he lost his home so he was trying to make money that way? I probably am being extremely naive lol but that was the first thing that came to my mind when I saw Muğla
What about the lost content?
Glad to have you back. You’re a hero and icon; and proof that this could literally happen to anyone. Thanks for sharing this story
Props for owning it man
A war is rarely a flawless set of wins. You will lose some battles.
Wow this is like if doomguy got killed by a demon
This just happened to another YouTuber. Channel More Plates More Dates did a whole story on that guy. Now that guy is hoping YouTube will help him.
The other Jim Browning channel has been active lately.
welcome back
I have to say im far too paranoid to ever get scammed.
It seems the scammer is more a script kid than a proper hacker. Not using VPN and Tor to mask his IP? Amateur.
Dam this one is a bit scary.
probably for telling truth
I'm really hoping people take this as "anyone can be scammed" and not "dang, I didn't know Jim was that dumb". Getting people to believe they can be duped is the first step.
@Jim|Browning I've seen scammers on Snoopy's Facebook page, Simon's Cat's facebook page to SCAM people on there by using peoples' hacked facebook accounts going "Hello (won't mention name), you look lovely today (yada yada yada yada). My friend request didn't go through. "<= yeah that is indeed a scammer's message to a fan on Snoopy's Facebook page. They target young women to FRIEND them so they can STEAL their money and their FACEBOOK accounts right from under their noses. Sadly, Snoopy's Facebook Admins do not step up and asses this issue of scammers using HACKED Facebook accounts to target victims. Facebook needs tighter security like Blizzard and those authenticators. Some months ago, one of my mom's cousins was SCAMMED and got his Facebook account hacked then the scammer tried to message me and I closed the window after telling my mom about and she got on Facebook alerting that "If you get a friend request with a person that has the same name and that person is already on your friend list, do not hit accept. They are scammers." Dave Schrader (owner of Darkness Radio and on Holzer Files ) had the samething happen to him over on Twitter. Some ***clown started to impersonate Dave Schrader by logging in with HIS name. He quickly gave us a heads up and I quickly reported the fake "Dave Schrader" to Twitter support. Makes me angry that scammers target celebrities such as Dave Schrader or any big time celebrity. Hell! It's happened to Zak Bagans. There was some dirtbag scammer running amuck on Twitter pretending to be Zak Bagans. Quickly that imposter got reported and SHUT DOWN by Twitter. So yeah.. goes to show ANYONE and even celebrities can get scammed!
Love your channel! I'm very glad you're back!
It's so sad that someone, instead of putting some effort to earn money, had to exploit others' hard earned channels going as far as getting the channels deleted. I'm glad this situation got sorted out.
Fool
"I'm YouTube" great, nice to meet you Mr. YouTube
he should had known it was a scam, yt would never reach out to you before deleting your channel
I’m glad u got the account back
I was wondering why none of your vidoes showed up in my feed. Glad you sorted it out, that was indeed scary. Google really needs to fix that little loophole.
even the most strongest guy has to lose sometimes.
The Spiffing Brit also deleted their channel with the same scam attempt
1:48 "The English was 'just about' ok" would have been the trigger for me to delete that email and forget about it. As well as the fact that they didn't include your real name next to "Hi, " (like a real google email would have), or the email in the Google chat. I'm sorry, but you're a fool if you believe improper grammar from one of the largest tech companies in the world. From such an intelligent man, nonetheless.
@psyched substance
That's crazy glad it's sorted
This only confirms that Google doesn't give a damn about privacy and doesn't actually delete any data you give :(
If a savvy guy like Jim could get scammed, anyone could get scammed!
Splitting Brit just had this happen. His view is up about it now
OH MY GOD YOU'RE ALIVE. THANK GOD. AND YOU FOR COUNTERING THAT SHIT REAL FAST
The views details page he showed you was from Spiffing Brit's channel.
Not really deleted when it's fucking right here.
Sounds like a stunt for twitter followers.
Welcome back Brother Jim! My family and I have taken the knowledge gleaned from your videos and defended ourselves and friends from these bastards.
In any case, im glad u got ur channel back..  Cant imagine how it feels to have many years of your hard work get taken by a low life..  But look at the bright side,  Now that this ordeal is over, u r more immune to scammers..
Wow. Im glad you got your channel back. I would be upset if this happened to me. you are AWESOME 💙🐝💙
"#38 Trending" How to turn lemons into lemonade
Ring back Jim and get rid of the Cambodian video YouTube videos abusing pig till monkeys.
i cant really tell if thats an actually just a screenshot they found or from an account they have access to. maybe its a fake stats creation program? dunno but at this point seems likely they just have this account. but this video is a good thing to show that we are all humans and we all make mistakes and miss details sometimes.
Welcome back!
Great to have you back greetimgs from spiffing brit❤️
That scammer done goofed up. Jim is The YouTube Boogeyman. Doing this is like killing John Wick's dog. I'm sure Jim is thinking up his revenge arc. Or is inciting his revenge already. I hate scammers. Here is a word. Get a life you filthy urchins if you call yourself a scammer.
I am from India and I can assure you that the state of scammers looting people is really bad over here, your work is exceptional and it is inspiring in a way, keep going on and keep fighting these pussies..
so it turns out that it was Spiffing brit that was the other one that got scammed by the scammer. I wonder who the other one is.
As my teacher says, "Even monkeys fall from trees "
You, Scammer Revolts, and Scammer Payback were the channels that proved to me 2SA is a needed thing.  I use it on all my devices, etc.  I can't WAIT for the call center reveal!!
In Turkey, we have more than 5 millions Syrian Refugees. Some of them are educated by our Top Unis ; and I'm sure that most of them had choosen to be a developer or kinda job.
we will get you up again.
5 min into the video, I’m freaking out of batman Jim himself is scammed what about us peasants! I’m hoping it gets alright by the end of the video.
There's always a new Daddy! Jim met his match, which I'm sure is just a dent in his benevolent work. Hope that doesn't deter him what he does best and he keep pestering these scammers hard!
Hello From Turkey , Unfortunately This City Mugla is Burning for days ... :( Pray For Us and the whole habitat , Please :/  Actually we had lots millions fraud, but I couldn't expect a scam ( ı mean international one ). Nice Try, But Hard Rock.  As you see we're how on a good level for cheatin & crook, yet surely our scammers need to learn more ways and details. Greetings.
After this video was uploaded Jim browning proceeded to Taken style hunt down the scammer…
so you bust scammer but you were scammed yourself. irony
Okay. Nuh-uh! I'm not responding to SHT.
"I only want $100" 2 minutes later... "What do you mean real support? I'm YouTube."
my friend. another common scam is the google map and verify scam. lately. and another card dialer calls but the number was not in service. if i want to mess with them. thanks. they are taking those call scammers and links blocked. yay. keep up the good work..
how come ur channel is alive now?
damn they got psychedsubstance with this too and also tried to get someordinarygamers
I almost got scammed out of my steam account. This person had taken over the account of one of my steam friends, and then used his account to tell me over steam chat that he "accidentally reported me to steam for fraud". I was then directed to friend request someone claiming to be a steam moderator. They asked me to join them on discord in DMs. Strike 1. They got me to take some screenshots of my purchase history (nothing usable, they probably just wanted to see if I had games in my account), and then instructed me to log out of steam on all devices, and tell him when I've done so. At this point I was uncomfortable, and had already expressed irritation that I was being treated as guilty until proven innocent (why wasn't I notified by steam directly? Why am I having to reach out, rather than steam?). Strike 2. So in an instance of rebellion, I logged out, logged right back in, and told him after the fact that I _would_ log out, and then back in, but I wouldn't tell him when until after, then waited a minute and told him it was done. He then gave me the spiel about how I somehow have to be logged out in order to have the ban lifted. Strike 3.   I then called him out on the things I'd already complained about, about how it made no sense that I would have to be logged out to have a ban lifted when no other system in the universe has that requirement (I could believe that a quick login token reset is necessary, but not being logged out during the whole process), and asked for proof that he was who he said he was, having already reached out to the friend on discord and steam support with a general request asking about this so-called moderator. After he sent me a "certificate" saying he's "reddit officer licensed" (STRIKE 4), I shared the screenshot of me contacting the real steam support and said "I don't believe you.". To which he blocked me. Sure enough, the friend later replied confirming they got hacked and steam replied saying that person doesn't work for them, and that they would look into the compromised friend. He got his account back after 1-2 days and the scammer was eventually banned from steam wholesale.  After this incident, I privated my steam account, because I'm pretty sure I became a target because the guy saw my account worth on steamdb.  Just goes to show that even the most cynical and savvy of us can be social-engineered. The red flag for me was when I was told to log out of steam "on all devices, including your mobile authenticator"
You managed to make really good content out of a shit situation. Good job!
And let that be a lesson to us all - If the master can be scammed, then no one is immune.  It's a brave move to admit when you got caught out. I am impressed with your honesty.
If that form contained things used to recover an account, I imagine that 2fa wouldn't have helped - it seems likely that they'd be able to claim that that too was compromised or that they simply didn't have access to it. Scary!
Wait.. So is this the original channel or the new
this happened to the spiffing brit too. Glad he got his channel back.
Well you don't have the username but /jimbrowning works
Grabify ?  Hmmmmmm thanks
*Tricks Jim the hacker man*  IMPOSSIBLE
Fake Jim Browning
About that revenue screenshot... I could definately be wrong but I seem to recall pewdiepie, like 2 years ago or something, talking about media calling him a millionaire and he might've shown his revenue on that, his channel was probably big enough back then for it atleast
"My channel was deleted"  I was killed, but I survived
I'm glad you got your channel back though!
Im sorry, that email (if read fully)  looks very shady, especially the google chat user part at the bottom. Only one of the sentences in the body ends with a period. Also the fact that you can unsub from the email that essentially says your channel will be deleted due to adsense issues. I dont know anything about the whole youtube content creating aspect but it looked shady in my opinion
man cant believe they got u
I never get scammed because I never follow up any email or any other bullshit and if I did, I would verify by a 3rd party that a case is real or not. Good that you found a non retarded Google​ ​person that actually knew how to help. You won the lottery in cyberspace there.
Bruh,  the Irony 💀
The irony of someone getting over on Jim... These guys are good people, stay vigilant
Imagine picking a fight with the final boss of scammer busting
Kind of sounds like the Youtuber equivalent of Alt-F4
Wow Jim was scammed? I thought that was impossible.
It seems like it's easier to fall for because the damage is already done before they make an ask that would actually benefit the scammer. And given some scam victims you've contacted have said things like "I've already been on the phone with this guy for hours," it seems like sunk cost fallacy provides a big boost to the scammer's success rate from there.  At that point someone who's worried about their account is probably more likely to fill out the form to "complete the process."
This also happened to Psyched Substance
you know something is sus when youtube suddenly has a "live support"
18:27 my boy mark really forgot his password
I hate to like a video of such an awful thing that happened, but I’m glad you got back the channel! It’s mad the ways they are scamming these days. I’m sorry it happened.
good video
Who knows who is at the other end of the line. It's just voices in the air, voices from across the planet. Be careful what you believe. Don't click on their links.
Good man showing us all how the scam works. Keep up the good stuff, Jim!
This exact same thing happend to the spiffing brit this is his channel: https://m.youtube.com/channel/UCRHXUZ0BxbkU2MYZgsuFgkQ
Episode 4 the scammer strikes back
It seems the fake channel has already been deleted, probably by impersonation. BTW nice to see you around again.
@thespiffingbrit got done exactly the same way and has been offline for the last 2 days.
The 2million subscription account was probably the spiffing brits channel
It’s so important to show that anyone can be scammed and it is scary but it’s the awareness that counts for so many people who can be aware of the scams that affect victims every single day. I’m so glad you got your account back!
Welcome back. This video really does go to show that anyone is susceptible given the right circumstances. Stay vigilant!
Wow, this is a good lesson to all people! 👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿 Viewer : "So Google, how do you make sure people are not scammed by using YOUR NAME?" Google : "Ahh, ehmmm, uuh, oohhh, you see, we do everything we can i.e. ZERO...(while sitting on our backsides)"!!!🤣🤣🤣
nice to see that it is the same problem with 2 of my youtubers ^^ #TheSpiffingBrit
Didn't look suspicious??? Why would YT support ask you to create another account? Lol
fastmail gang hype
Welcome back!
The last part of the video was like planning a heist, yeesh
Seems like these scammers are getting smarter
I remember i had to do this once to GET my channel back damn super weird
"Does this scam actually work then?"  Well it worked on you, didn't it?
Being professional doesn't mean to not make mistakes. Keep on the great work Jim, you re a legend
Resubscribed, wish you the best Jim
Hi Jim. I am really sorry for what happened. As a Turkish boy i was shocked when i saw it. You can contact Turkey Cyber Polices and they can prevent this from happening again too. I will make sure that i send this video to everyone i know. Again, really sorry for what happened. I'm glad Youtube restored your channel. All my Love from Turkey.
Looking at the start of this video and this attacker didn't send you an e-mail: They sent you a chat message via Google Chat and because you weren't online in GChat, Google Chat generated the e-mail you received to notify you about the missed chat message. (Note the "via Google Chat", "Open in Google Chat", etc.) Of course that should be an immediate red flag as support is unlikely to use chat to contact you.  The only interesting part there is that they somehow managed to trick Google Chat into showing them as "YouTube Support". (Guessing they just used that as first/lastname combination?)
Just subscribed, thank you for sharing this information. I’m certain I would have fell for it.
If I go down you are going down with me.
dude... imagine scamming jim browning. i don't think i will ever ask anyone again "how did you fall for this" because all it takes is getting anxious enough to start not paying attention. it's all about believing the trouble you're in. at least you got it back. people lose their money and personal info and shit. damn
There's always a bigger fish.  In this case it was some Turkish guy who scammed a 3.35M sub cyber-security specialist in an attempt to steal.....$100.  What a chad.
Oh, and welcome back
YouTube used the scam to destroy the scam lol
holy S if you're ever worried about being scammed always _always_ *ALWAYS* tell them *you* will contact *them* then go and verify contact into via uncached sources
I had to transfer a channel to another Google account awhile back (I transitioned and my dead name was in my old Gmail address), but the only way to do it was make a brand account and transfer ownership that way.  I managed to figure it all out but it was so confusing.  In particular it's really unclear which channel you're deleting when you select the "replace" option.  Even after successfully pulling it off I still hardly understand how brand accounts work.  Not gonna lie it was pretty clever of the scammer to take advantage of the confusing process.
At least it wasn't the vehicle warranty department😄
Did he just reveal his email.
So sorry dude, scammers are getting smarter, and they are getting better at taking advantage of bad situations...  SUPER glad you got it back Keep up the good work!
Thanks so much for bringing this to attention, many others got scammed; YT needs more people like you. Keep up the great work!
Made Up You Got Your Channel Back Buddy, Also From The UK And Love What You Do. Keep It Up
ok we going to fry some turkey XD
I'm glad your pride hasn't held you back from admitting to falling for this, it lets everyone who thinks they're too smart to fall for these things know it's not impossible; they just need to be in the right circumstances.
Dude I actually know someone on YouTube who had the same thing happen! Psychedsubtance got tricked too the same exact way. I actually told him to try and contact you how ironic.
The spiffing brit is why I'm here.
So Glad to see you back Jim YouTube should have a more  safer platform from  scammers the algorithm is supposed to be strong and YouTube keeps changing so why not change it to stop scammers
If you can get scammed ... we are screwed 😔
I'm from Syria, and this thief scammer deserves jail.   I think I know this scammer.   I was tracking him once. he hacked my friend's Facebook with a similar method.  his IP was also in Turkey Muğla. I couldn't find anything about him.   anyway, I think the reason he was trying to recruit you is that he has a lot of money in his stolen Google AdSense, that he CAN'T use. the reason being is that you need to verify your address, plus a valid bank account. and for Syrian living in turkey that's impossible.
Glad to see youtube.com/jimbrowning is back in your control :-)
It's a common thing in every profession, often leading to disaster if the profession involves risk: With experience grows this familiarity, and it leads to this sort of complacency that lets your guard down. Last year Adam Savage, a brilliant man with years of experience, nearly lost a finger cleaning a very familiar machine.
Welcome back!
Spiffing Brits felt for it too, and that's how I found your channel.
Jim he was definitely using a proxy with a real device. You can use something like BrowserStack or Browserling to proxy using a real device. Which is why he had two different phones and he already had his IP reversed himself.  So he knew he could give you a plausible explanation to where he is from. Remember that scammers are always one step ahead and you need to be extra careful. Being a developer myself, I have seen fair share of scammers try to scam me too. I always keep an eye open for these things. Even reported on case to Cyber Crime in Hyderabad, India. It is so easy to get fooled. Doesn't matter who you are. Like you said, the circumstances just need to be right.
I am glad to you are okay. Is it possible for you to alert the Turkish authorities about this uncaring hacker?
😳🙁
This guy is scary skilled
spiffing brit got hit by this too
The English punctuation and capitalization were broken! How could you fall for this?
He wasn't lying he got the spiffing brits account with 3million subs youtube gave it him back though
he is the ENTIRERTY of youtube. you were not talking to a person, but a hivemind robot that had gotten too powerful
Trending 🔥
Do you think this may have been a targeted attempt?
Nooo I have the same phone as the scammer
The scammer scammer gets scammed
thank god
Its crazy how even a master scam baiter can still get scammed
The Spiffing Brit sent me here. This is un-effing-believable. The god-king of anti-scammers got himself scammed. Wow. Shame on the scammer, but also kudos.
Youtube: Im Youtub...yotub..YOUTUBe...Youtube Im Youtube Also Youtube: Give $100
Am glad you are back.. will you do revenge on those scammers?
What kind of mastermind was able to hack the god of computers
Funny how they say channels can't be restored. Back in the early days of youtube when you could customise your own channel. I accidentally deleted my channel too. They even restored it back then but sadly they couldnt restore my videos. Might have been a little different in that regard but it shows that information is not true at all and hasnt been for a long long time
There's always a bigger scammer
Anybody else here a second time cause Spiff had the same exact thing happen??
Do these countries even try and stop these scammers? My biggest surprise is that they weren’t from India
Good to have you back pal. Your content is educational and very entertaining. keep up the great work :)
I am here from Spiffling Bimrut’s Channel!
the screenshot might be from one of jacksucksatlife’s videos where he goes into his yt stats
The scammers are getting smarter, to the point that they tried to get money out of Jim and almost got his channel deleted. Even Jim almost fell for a scam. Be very careful out there!
I was going through web scamming with my parents and wanted examples of how convincing some of these guys could be. I was really confused that I couldn't get any hits of Jim's directly published content, and immediately smelt a rat. A quick google search later and the truth was revealed. The guy I was planning on using to illustrate how some scammers work was actually going to do just that, but not in the manner and timeframe I originally planned for !  Fair play to him for publishing this video and coming clean about what happened. As was stated both at the beginning and end of the vid *anyone* can fall victim to this sort of scam if the stars are aligned correctly. All it takes is a bit of inattention at the end of a long day, or an incoming email lining up with a real life event such as a bank account change or placing an order of some kind and you too could join the list of victims.  If you try to convince yourself it will never happen to you you're pretty much guaranteeing it will ! Again, kudos to Jim for putting his hands up to what happened; hopefully we will all learn something from this !
Don't feel too bad about it Jim, thankfully it's been a decade since "they" last got me but my circumstances were similar: Buttload of work, multitasking 5 things, tired, text "legit" enough to pass at first glance... whoever says they're invulnerable is lying to themselves.
Looks like The Spiffing Brit Fell for the same Scam
So happy to see you back Jim!  It just shows that anyone can be fooled in the right situation. Glad to see you explain it so others understand what happened and what to be more aware of. Cheers brother!
We all know google is a piece of shit, but I wouldn't be surprised if they know and don't care, or even that they allow and profit from.
I was confused when there's no video in the list, glad you got it back
SpiffingBrit also fell for it I think?
Here from atomic shrimp <3 ready to learn from this experience~
wow, just wow. thanks again jimmy jim jim
the same scam happend to another youtuber with 2,3 milion subscribers  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6e43Rz__YM
The Spiffing Brit just posted a video that he got hit with the same thing.
Wow, I can feel the intensity of the stress in this video, well done ! Im glad you survived or else my nights would have become a little more boring 😌
Jim this is happening to alot of people, It seems you're not alone.
Im so suprised it happened to Jim browning
Sucks   Crazy story thanks
i am still subscribed and notified about this video. thankfully.
Regarding the YouTube URL, it actually makes a fair amount of sense that the other Jim Browning's channel had the URL, it (other Jim Browning) actually has the original username "jimbrowning"; you can see this by testing with /user/ in the URL. I do not know if anti-scamming (this) Jim Browning's account is actually old enough to have such a username; if so, I do not know what it is.  Anyway, for the curious, the other Jim Browning's current channel URLs are: https://youtube.com/user/JimBrowning/videos https://youtube.com/channel/UC-nOvTmseFEmqndPj4XhFTQ/videos  whereas anti-scamming (this) Jim Browning's current channel URLs are: https://youtube.com/JimBrowning/videos https://youtube.com/c/JimBrowning/videos https://youtube.com/channel/UCBNG0osIBAprVcZZ3ic84vw/videos
Amazing. This hit a few of the guys a follow. They all point to you as am example of "it can happen to anyone". Looking forward to the non-draft version?!
https://youtu.be/K6e43Rz__YM maybe the screenshot comes from here ?
Didn't need to resub. Glad to hear you caught this scam before it was too late. I never would have thought a scammer could use a google domain email.
The Spiffing Brit also got hit with this scam recently as well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6e43Rz__YM the scammer had Spiff account
Interesting, been busy working for the past 7 days straight that I had no idea your channel went down.  Glad to see everything got resolved. These scammers sure can be a clever bunch.
Wow the spiffing brit also fell for this scam.
You know its a good scam when Jim gets scammed
NUMBER 36 ON TRENDING  This is so great or at least the best end to a horrible situation
The Spiffing Brit was hit with the same scam.
Why did he record everything 😂😅
they did a little scamming
These scammers are getting smarter and smarter, unfortunately. :/  I'm happy this was only a close call! You are too important a safe internet advocate to lose these important videos
Jim is an absolute legend and deserves all the love and support.
No they fixed it. When you type YouTube.com/jimbrowning your channel shows up.  Have a good day
Glad you got your channel back Jim.  Loved the content since I’ve found your channel.  Anyone can be scammed, great message and reminder for us to be in our toes
The youtuber 'The Spiffing Brit' got the same scam. I would imagine whoever this scammer is, they are targeting large channels to gain... something?
TheSpiffingBrit just put out a video where he got his channel deleted from this exact scammer. Apparently he is making the rounds.
9:54 im youtube xd
This wasn't just some scanner. This is a hacker with pretty extensive knowledge in social engineering.
13:13 I know streetspeed717 has shown video of this page before, however I don't believe this is a screenshot of his video, I believe it was lower than this.
The name is toro
As an turkish I am not shocked... our money having less and less value while days passing. People starting to scam other foreigeners. Min wage less then 300$ huh... I hope I dont have to sell my body or personality to live somehow good life in future Edit: Suriyeliler ülkesine dönsün
This is savage! I like this chap
What a mess. To the younger gen: Never be too cocky about being able to spot a scam. I fear these guys will get more and more sophisticated. Google should be a few steps ahead of their game!
Haha, you've gotta find it quite amusing that a scam artist hunter got so easily scammed himself by such a transparent ploy. Even I wouldn't have fallen for this, but I guess you can become too confident when your existence is based on catching out hoaxers.  Even players sometimes get played.
…..and all I get are suspended bank account emails for banks I never belonged to.
This just shows that YouTube is just as bad as Facebook when it comes to shutting down scammers and protecting one's account.
Looks like you got us all back. Glad I'm still subscribed. Nice one mate.
DreamHost.....
The only scammers I am getting lately, are Amazon........
The misspelling and poor punctuation mistakes in the email are so obvious..   It even says to click on "Try Chat"  to contact them, and there is no such button or link.
Looks like you've rattled some cages.
grabbifier op
Same scam got The Spiffing Brit as well.
Did you turn on smart logger? It shows more information about the target.
wow if you can be scammed  there's no hope for me
i dont know you, but im glad you got your channel back !
Ahahahahaha the super smart tech guy Isn’t so smart 😂😂 He just knows networks/computers
From YouTube, then scammer claims to be a YouTuber. Then back to being YouTube.... My head hurts. LOL!
Scamming people online (as a millionaire)
Scammer lost their profile picture?
Best thing to do is not click on it and go to the site directly yourself and inquire. Much love♥ Jesus is real and He is coming!
Thanks Jim for the update and description of what exactly happen.  Keep up the amazing work, love your channel.
It's funny that the scammer instantly clicked the link u sent him, like how can a scammer not know that I don't just click random links, especially screenshots which can just be sent as a picture in WhatsApp
Wow Jim Browning is like the final boss for scammers
how ignurt
there wasnt just one clown, there was intire circus
This scammer is stupid because it says on the Google Form, "Never submit passwords through Google Forms." and also Google (YouTube) takes privacy seriously and they do not ask for the user and password.
"Give me 100$ or your channel is gone. Btw i am the youtube"
The guy must have actually been a talented bastard to pull one over on Jim
Holyshit, youtube actually communicateing to their creators? Doesn't sound like them
Damn that guy was good
I am kinda confused  don’t you still have it since I am still subbed and here now
@1:14 I don't use Google Chat but I don't think it's as sophisticated as you make it seem. He didn't send any email. That email you received just looks like an automated email from Google letting you know that you got a missed message in Google Chat (Microsoft does the same thing with MS Teams).  If you read the footer of the email you see that it states that you got a message in the chat from a "Google User".  The email itself is perfectly legit. - All the scammer did was send you a chat message.   The message they sent was hard to read and full of grammatical errors, but that's easily overlooked when it comes to instant messages (almost expected). That's what played in their favour.
I'm glad you have your stuff back Jim. Even tho it's the first time I see your videos. It just pop up in my recommendations. Im glad you didn't fall for this because I know the feeling. 5 years ago when I was 16 I lost in my clash of clans account which I have work for 4 years. I remember being in bed crying trying to believe it was just a dream but reality hit me hard and could never get my account back since the hacker was a good one.
Little did Jim know that talking to Youtube support is a far worse torture than speaking to any scammer.
I never click on provided links. Always to directly to the website.
Even the god could fail! Really appreciate this video. This really scares what world we live in.
Anyone.... Can be scammed.
I've stopped checking any emails, if YouTube tells me my account was compromised i log in first and then change the password and never open the email or click any links. same for bank account, pay pal, and video game platforms like steam, GOG, epic games
Happy you got this all resolved! Keep up the good work, always rooting for you!
:(
Wait, so does Jim just have his screen being recorded at all times?
I'm glad the Batman of scams is back in action ✅
Even Batman has his weak moments...but at the end of the day he’s still Batman.
When Normal people get scammed.... " Oh man what am i gonna do :/ " When Jim is scammed .... " Ah a new video idea i guess! "      Luv ur videos! :) keep up the good work!
He could save other people from dying but not himself Jk good you have your channel back
Oh man....thanks for sharing. Seems that the Spiffing Brit felt into a "prefeclty balanced" scam...certainly exactly the same one as yours as he lost his channel pretty much in the same time than you.
Jim Browning is literally a stand user
The real fantasy here for me is the idea that you can get real time responses from a human being associated with google.
if you are not aware of this at the beginning how do you have screen recordings since the beginning? confusing
Wow, this is insane!!  I absolutely hate that you had to go through this, but definitely glad you made a video explaining about this scam; cause OMG!  It's so messed up, but glad your account is all sorted back out!  Unreal what some of these crazies are capable of! :-/
The irony is too much for me Jim peace out
Hey your trending!
Penguinz0?
An absolute God especially a God of scams is brought down by a scam noooooo
So thats why i didnt get notifs
I'm glad they restored your account!
This scam was the next stage of Kitboga's AI scammer baiter....it's become self aware and joined the other team.
It's like getting shot by a deer on the 1st day of hunting season.. 🦌
I hope  the spiffing brit gets his channel restored too
Looking forward to your next video
Fake
I have to say... WHAT AN AMAZING VIDEO!!!! I'm glad you were able to recover the channel. This is very great content!!!!!!!
Google should have prevented the account handle "YouTube Support" from being sent.
Got to hand it to that scammer though, not many could get that result.
The scammer could really have been Syrian because Turkey hosts nearly 3 million Syrian refugees
Damn, that was brave of you to click that delete channel button when you have 3 mill subs. Think I would have told them to get lost even if they were from Google lol
Police said they arrested 63 "tele-callers," as well as the call center's two owners, Lakhan Jagwani and Vijender Singh Rawat, according to India Today. The callers allegedly pretended to be U.S. officials.
🥺😱
Imagine getting scammed, couldn't be me       Now if you will excuse me I need to respond a call from Jeff Bezos regarding the ad revenue I received via my  iCloud.
Anyone can be scammed even the likes of Jim Browning
Lol the scammer detector gets scammed. Cringe
Nah. You are not the real Jim Browning, but the Turkish fellow that deepfaked his voice and will now make similar content. You can't fool me!
Jim Browning... scammed?!  Impossible
why were you rec
Similar thing happened to me i switched  between branded account to normal Youtube account and everything get deleted from my channel. I try to get help from Youtube but they never help me that's why i have this channel now.
Mark Rober saving himself by not remembering his password is just hilarious.
That man named jim browning sure make a good ending haha  sorry for your loss account tho... this is informative and entertaining aswell.  Much Respect!
Syrian?? Wow I surprised if you don't 😂
Welcome back Jim, your channel makes the world a better place! Thanks! Peace!
Hey Jim, was wondering if you ever take any cases for individuals? To track down these type of people and shit. I'd definitely pay money to see justice for these bastards.   Keep up to good work Jim.
"This chat is with a business account" that cracked me up 😂😂
Fiuu thank God
Who else came from penguinz0?
You should find them and hack them back
Check out someordinarygamer's vid about this. He addressed some other similar situations he's found himself in.
everyone gangsta until jim gets scammed
What a incredible and wild story...  thank you for sharing
Ironyyyyyyyyy.
Hope the spiffing brit gets his channel back
Mental. Right, payback. You and Mark Rober need to obliterate the scam centre you've been surveilling! And when I say obliterate, I mean go digitally kinetic!
It looks like Jim that you let your guard down for a second there always keep your guard up on these scammers
Crazy
But Jim you don’t understand, he is YouTube there is no other way
Yesssssss👍👍👍👍👍❤❤❤❤  HE'S BACK
Hes back!!!!
If you thought everything was legit....then WHY WERE YOU FILMING? I call bullshit.
Incredible!
Im like 40% sure the channel he had scammed was Psyched Substance because he had posted the same scam or Someordinarygamers but he didn't lose anything so if someone knows how to check revenue stuff can fact check I recommend them two creators
Thank God you got it back bruv
Wrh
So Jim when does the scammer learn he fucked with the wrong guy?
Oh man! If they got you I don't even stand a chance! OMG.
A scathing reminder that these sorts of things can happen to the best of us and to always remain vigilant to these rats. Glad to see your channel is ok and I can't wait to see you destroy some more scammers in the near future. These scum bags will never take you down. LUCKILY I didn't have to resubscribe.
It is great ti see that it all worked out for you.
Way to go, YouTube! You managed to bring back a channel that I binge a lot on repeat!  Great to have you back, Jim! I know sometimes scams can seem far too real sometimes; we don't doubt you for this one slip. Keep being vigil and doing what you do.
Google chat exists and i know it now
Can you imagine if this scammer had other scammers around? I think of him yelling "YO IM BOUT TO SCAM JIM BROWNING!!" and asking all his buddies to make sure he doesn't make spelling and grammar errors while they all huddle around.  So glad you were able to get it fixed Jim. This shit was SOPHISTICATED
Amazing to put this out there, full props to you for doing so. Some would be too proud, but you are instead too noble.
I'm a bit confused on how this scam works. After he obtains control of the account the account no longer has any videos or subs so how would he collect ad revenue?
how does one delete own channel from the great Jim Browning???
This is on YouTube as well...  What a completely asinine system with completely unintelligible descriptions of what is going to happen.
Keep doing the good deeds Mr Browning!
Jim I love you
RATHER SOPHISTICATED......
Great to see you back Jim. It truly is a lesson for all of us, if it can happen to you then it can happen to anyone. Just like to add that you could have said nnothing about this, no one would have known, I guess this video shows just how humble you are not being afraid to share this with us. You have my greatest respect, even more than before. Good luck for the future.
You know I wonder if it's psychedsubstance channel he recently got his channel deleted threw very similar means that's crazy if it's true you should look into it
Rule no 1 to save your life if u have a youtube channel orr something never send your passwords in Google forms never 😐
Some day, i wanna be like you.
OMG... so ironic... the scammer destroyer Jim got scammed... hope you don't fall for it again... looking forward to more destruction of scammers on this channel... :D
Did Youtube make you pay in gift cards to get your account back?
Man the praise this scammer has to get from getting Jim to delete his account 😂
I also have a Samsung galaxy A50😂
"I am youtube"
🤯
I bet you were over the moon when your account came back up Jim! Thanks for sharing the saga mate, congrats on the recovery
Another person I follow got this too thankfully they knew it was a scam
every single time when i get a Mail from Google they always call me by my Nickname and NEVER says just "Hi"
Pretty sure this is the same way youtube creator Steve Terreberry with 2.5 million subs recently lost his channel for awhile also.
I find it funny he didn’t realize you were known for busting scammers. All he had to do was look at your profile pic 😂
I think I was just tricked into subscribing to your channel. I had already watched a few of your videos in the span of the last 9 months and the message that I may need to resubscribe made me notice that I wasn't subscribed to your channel at the moment.  Well, now I hit the subscribe button but came to the realisation that I certainly wasn't subscribed before.  10/10 way to gain new subscribers without them noticing that they're new
9:47 “Im youtube” You’re whattt?
i can totally understand your lapses in attention and how this could´ve happend. THAT could´ve happened to everyone in a hurry and with a lot on their plate and just quickly wanting to get this out of the way and move on. but i would´ve never have imagined that you didn´t have 2sa turned on. it´s the single most important thing in terms of identity theft and account security and the first thing i tell less tech savy friends and family. glad everything ended well and this can be a helpful reminder to everyone to always use 2 step authentification whenever possible.
8/1/2021 - My old subscription link is working normally.  Keep up the fight.  Remember, the superhero is always nearly taken out by the bad guys in the middle of the movie.  The superhero always comes back stronger than before and takes the bad guys down!  I am an IT guy, I see these types of attacks every day.  This one was pretty convincing.  When I see one so good I cannot tell for sure, I always tell my customer to go to the site directly and check there to see if the email is legitimate.  Unless you are sure the email is legitimate, never click on a link.  Seeing this happen to The Jim Browning only proves that it can happen to any one of us if a couple of coincidences line up just right.
I was super disappointed to hear your channel had been deleted. Glad to see you got it back!
Even the quartering did a video about you... Wow...
Dream Host is a shady company. They allow scammers and spammers on their servers. I doubt they will take that domain down.
Hey Jim,  I’m a huge fan of yours, and I’m Syrian, I’m real sorry that somebody from my country did that to you or tried or whatever he did, most Syrians are good people, unfortunately we do have some bad apples, and they’re obviously one of them.  I’m so happy you got your channel back and I’m happy that you’ll be able to keep doing what your doing and showing us.
The only way to end internet scammers is to cut the countries off the world data highway.
I get scam emails from 'Paypal" all the time.  They almost got me once, but what tipped me off was at the last moment I realized the scam was asking me to reset my password for the wrong email address.   Very sneaky.
While watching this, I went to your channel and all seems normal on my side. All of your videos play and subscribers amount. I'm also still subscribed, so I didn't need to re-sub. Whew, that can happen to the best of us and quite scary. Excellent work on works and I await for more content. Sorry about what happened. Just need continued verification of all communications these days. It's horrible. I wish you continued success with your channel.
What am I watching? What are you talking about? Why?
That's scary. I wouldn't have believed restoring a channel was possible if I didn't look into the comments below. Glad the freaking scammers haven't won now and I hope they never will.
I laughed out loud when I read the reply from Google saying they can't recover your channel content 😂 Whoever wrote that is so lazy they should get fired (for lying because they are lazy)
Aaye❤️❤️
Even heroes take low blows. I'm glad nothing happened, keep up the good work.
You must be some sort of mug to fall for that
Glad you are back up and things are restored.  Only recently found your channel from watching Perogi.  Glad things worked out in the end.  Just shows that we have to be vigilant in everything we do online.. Keep up the good work looking forward to more of your YouTub videos :)
Great to have you back Jim
20:20 somehow gave me some South Park vibes  What if it was all orchestrate by the other Jim Browning just so the /jimbrowning redirect everyone to his channel haha  Besides that, thanks for sharing your experience !  Seems like we have to be cold blooded when reading emails, and verify the sender's identity before any action takes place even with a correct domain...
Ironic but it’s clever
You've got your address back now as well, Jim 👍😉 www.youtube.com/jimbrowning
As Jim would say "Anyone can be scammed"
bruh you are logged into your blank channel while moving it you, in fact, should have signed into your main channel and then do this because at 6:40 it says to choose an account to move this channel because you were on your blank channel it instead replaced the blank channel with your main channel that was a mistake on your part always read the fine print don't rush doing potentially dangerous things or something like this will happen to you but it is understandable as you have a big channel and didn't want it suspended so you were feeling anxious which resulted in you to rush and in turn lose your channel but I am happy that youtube has now reinstated your channel and I hope you are doing well.
when I type in the link of your channel. it was your channel that redirected me to not the dude that in the last part of the video :)
Me before watching the video: How the mighty have fallen  Me after watching the video: Yeah fair enough, happy you got the channel back :D
I don't think they rely on taking control of the channel for the money. If they are lucky they get the actual control and money if the person doesn't have 2FA. Rather, they ask for money to "recover" your deleted channel like they asked you. Happy for you restoring your account though! I was utterly surprised when I heard you got scammed.
Thank you for sharing this experience! It's important to make people understand that you can't be 100% safe - but awareness is your best chance. It seems like https://www.youtube.com/JimBrowning/ is working again - at least on my end.
A friend of mine that does Twitch was just talking about this last night.  Said he's had 4 potential scammers in the last 2 weeks alone.  Internet is not a safe space, people need to remember that. Almost the exact same scams too.
The scammer was scammed by the scammer who scammed the scammer. Buffalo
Never scam the internet boogeyman
13:09 could that screenshot have anything to do with this guy? https://youtube.com/shorts/csFmbLXvkUE?feature=share Similar sub numbers and stuff.
WOW! I would have bet real money that you could not be taken advantage of this way.... however I believe this will make you stronger than ever. Great job, thank you for the most awesome content ever.
2SA? 2FA you mean ;)
If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money. But what I do have are a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long career, skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. If you let my account go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you.
bruh i legit went NANI??? when i saw penguinz0's video
setup a mirror channel - bitchute will import your videos automatically when you upload to youtube - brandnewtube allows import from url - you make great videos
They scammed The Spiffing Brit too so what is said is probably true too.
When you out pizza the hut
I cannot believe this could ever happen to you. The father of all the scam baiters. How could you ever fall for this guys tricks, heaven above. We just cannot loose you.
Same thing happened to the Spiffingbrit, maybe it was his channel
That’s crazy but I’m happy you were able to get it all sorted out and got your channel back
Glad they didn’t get any of your support $$. Thanks for sharing how much better they are getting. Keep up the great work.
i’m glad you’re back!
"no spelling mistakes"  Uhhh... Jim? There are several awkward line breaks, missing commas, and awkward sentence structure.
I also don't believe that he has that amount of money. What I do believe is that he really does need the money. I'm also Syrian, but thankfully I live in the US so life isn't so bad for me. However, I have family in Turkey and it's very difficult for Syrians to get by there. There is a lot of discrimination going on and there are even laws put into place that make it very difficult for Syrians to make a living. Although this does not make what he's doing any more justifiable, in a sense, I can see where his desperation may have come from.
welcome back jim :)
Had it not been for the algorithm probably wouldn't have noticed
Welcome back, Sir. We have won and the scammers have lost....
Thanks to Scammers... an industry risen and called "scam-baiting". Jim and Carl are admirable people. Then came the "pan-sperming baiters" make them to earn thousands of whatever coin you use to get your daily live stream salary in thousands. The guy did that used reverse expose to Jim as "a baiter" no mater what he is really is. He took advantage using google services. Who am i saying all these? An early from the first Jim's fan when still all happening at the background and learned or got informed when he end a mission. We are people doing it offline no youtube stream gaining donations of thousands, almost and i wish to understand and don't go mad with me... Jim you work a lot with those they consuming you. I am 58 years old i did that job for many years as agent. This guy gave a shock at the columns of the building  that baiters are. The foundations is you Jim... for how long you will carry them? The guy did the impossible possible. Rang a bell and trolling also by asking 100$. I suggest all the others work at background  and reveal a mission when ends, till them stream less with live baiting. I am glad that the channel is back. I a also nostalgic remembering the start of you and Carl and the older version of kitboga with the feet on the ground wasting their time sharing laughs. Thanks for letting me express my concerns here. I am not your enemy with NO WAY! I am with you but making me do steps back. *i will not reply to comments or read them. I grabbed the opportunity just sharing it...
no way my guy got scammed
Love your videos, glad you're sorted out
/JimBrowning is leading here, I guess it has been fixed
Happy you are back
my main channel was deleted too when this happened i started crying bro it wasnt even because of a scam i was playing around w the hide channel shit and i dont know how to recover it now bc i cant find any trace of it
They caught even you out. So sorry you've succumbed to hacking.
Jim browning is the Batman we need.
These scammers have made a powerful enemy
It sucks to see the scammer gets you. I'm glad you are back.
It probably took about 100 of them to do so. REVENGE 🤙
This man is the L Lawliet of tech
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHHAAHA
SCAM WARS!!!!!
Me who has 1000s of spam emails and promotion emails: **sorry cant hear you over it**
Good old grabify
Help me out: how would the scammer earn money by stealing a blank YouTube account? After you deleted your channel, wasn't it effectively worthless? Did I miss something?
Glad you are back
Channels that have been deleted related to the scam; Jim Browning, The Spiffing Brit (twice?)
I may have been tricked by a scammer who made me send money to an unreliable cfd trading platform... Earned a lot of money, then after two months, I lost all in one "bad trade". The circumstances were right for me to fall for it, and as I saw how good it worked during the first few weeks, I kept on injecting money. If I gave you more details, do you think you could help me with this case ? I don't know where to find help.
I love how people supported you.
Tech Support strikes back!
Jim: By order of youtube you are under arrest Scammer: I am Youtube Jim: Not yet
Love your videos!!
AHAHAHAHA YOU FELL FOR A TECH SUPPORT SCAM!!!!  this is days later. i may have fallen for a scam there are a lot of explicit comments on my cmments
Bet this guy felt good to get the notorious jim Browning
Thanks for this. I’m a baby YouTuber so this is useful and I’ll bank this information
The thing to remember: Always be suspicious! Never trust those random emails.
You are very lucky, lots of channels that have been hacked/deleted never come back
wow then what hope is there for the rest of us?
I’m here for the first time and really appreciate your detail sharing!!! Already subscribed 👍
Sounds like the scammer has some idea of how to move a channel, but not the entire process. 😕  Thanos: “All that, for a drop of blood…”
For all Scammers - *"Money is the Honey"*
How could that happen?All YouTube does, especially the guidelines, strikes and reasoning are so dry cut logic...that..oh...the permanent use of unclear guidelines makes all users quite vulnerable to fraud, as we became used to almost clear statements.
A great example of how our emotions effect our judgment, even when our intuition knows something is wrong.
Email scammed Jim browning imagine being able to put that on your resume.
That's actually scary that they are getting this good that even people look into scams are getting scammed.
Thanks for sharing your experience.
You stopped too many scammers!! If you get scammed, what hope for the rest of us. ☹️ Thank you for posting this video. It’s fascinating.
You really rumbled his scam Jim.
This is incredible. I always thought I was pretty safe from being scammed as I'm very wary of all emails and links etc. But if Jim Browning can get scammed, anyone can.
Seeing a room full of people trying to digitally take your shit is so sickening. They absolutely have no idea what they are doing to peoples lives. And then at the same time they know exactly what they are doing. No remore for anybody. Do they honestly think theyre doing something good for the business or anything?
If Jims been stung what chance do the rest of us have 🤔
You are a techie who was scammed. Sounds like you need to improve you trade skills and learn to check things out much better.
Noo why is the scammer from my country :'))
I'm glad in the end you were able to get your channel restored.  PS: I didnt have to re-subscribe.
I wonder if this is what happened with Doug DeMuro's "More Doug DeMuro" account. It's still up and running, things he used to exclusively only upload there are now strangely on his main channel, and he totally stopped using his (successful) channel, and he hasn't so much as mentioned it in months.
With you, brother
I *AM* YouTube
LOL & WOW! A verry good antiscamer get´s scamed.  And yes i think i also got scamed by a girl on my phone who said i can have unprotected sex with her and everything i want and dream of but i must pay her 50 euros which i did because im 48 and still a virgin,so my hope was to really meet a women,but after sending her 50 euros he blocked me on her phone. So yes i was scamed 1 or 2x times but i will never again fall into any scams at all! I SWEAR :D
This is scary that even the pros can be scammed
It's okay man........as long in the end we come back stronger from it.
Scammers are really working hard to take you down as well as others who are unfortunate enough
Do you know how surprised I was I was watching your videos in peace until suddenly it said this channels doesn't exist
I just cant believe jim took an L from his sworn enemies, the scammer!
I am so glad you are back up and running. I work at a local bank and I talk to members everyday who almost fell for a scam. Because of all that I have learned from you and Kitboga,  I have taught them ways to remain safe. Keep doing what you're doing.
Those sneaky buggers... and g**gle messing up, that frustrating fuzziness. I had a similar thing regarding due VAT on some merch I ordered from UK; most likely NOT a scam, but the letter I received referred me to an address the company in question -- itself -- WARN their customers about.... Stupid mfs.... Sorry for your trouble, but thanks for sharing.
All good Jim! Did not need to subscribe again. KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK!!!!
Uhm, it seem dat guy use google translate to chat with you KEKL
Damn your channel got deleted on my birthday
Thanks for posting. I have had about 20 scams in 2years and never fell for any. I kept one man talking and wouldn't let him get a word in. Then I apologised for talking too much and I was interested in this great offer to make money. I was quiet for 2 minutes and then said to give me 5minutes to answer the door. I put the phone in the other room for 20minutes and he had hung up.
Not just location….that guy is a total turkey🦃 …..
Honestly, I fell for something too recently. I don't feel as bad now seeing how an expert scam baiter like Jim Browning got scammed. I'm a cybersecurity student and I clicked on a suspicious .exe file I got from a site. Little did I know that this .exe file would give a scammer all my history and passwords from chrome and that I would have to scramble to change all my passwords and enable two-factor authentication on all my accounts. The scammer was very interested in me. He claimed to own me and was trying to get me to engage in money laundering for him (which I didn't do). Kind of wish I would have tried to get him back, but I didn't have that kind of time. The scammer dude was a total creep too.
There’s no hope for us mere mortals.
welcome back!!! glad they restored your account Jim
Props for your honesty on this.  Keep getting those scammers 😆
FANTASTIC video Jim. I am so happy you are back. I knew something was fishy and this wasn’t a short story. Now we know the details I am so glad you made this video. We all are targets we all can be victims.
Be more careful
Welcome back, Jim!
You’re one of the most important YouTubers out there!
nO
My Heart was racing throughout the video, even though I knew the Channel had been recovered
LOL how do people actually fall for these scams?? 🤣🤣
How will we know when Google stops ...@google.com abuse?
Glad to have you back Jim
These scammers are getting good. They just scammed both you and pleasant green back to back
Fear of a blank channel.
The GOD is BACK
Wow, what a scam
I'm youtube hahaha
Thanks Jim for all you do . I do feel sorry if this person if you connect with him again . : ) I damn near fell over when Perogie posted what was on going .  Peace from Up North
This scam is more difficult to be detected than the ones done by Indian Tech Support scammers. The scammer has put a lot of mind in designing its modus operandi. This is a great video teaching people to be much more vigilant as new type of scams are born frequently. But even after gaining the control of your account, why would the scammer go through the risk and pain of appealing google to recover the deleted account? Even after completely falling for the scam, you would have reported to google and google would have blocked his attempt to gain access to your channel. Is this really profitable?
Glad you got your channel back! Keep up the great work!
Glad I got restored
Thank you Jim. I did in fact have to resubscribe to your channel. Just happy you are back. Keep up the good work!
im glad you were able to get your account back, i regularly get calls from overseas claiming they are frommy isp, the governement ect, i tend to play along until they hang up on me.
Glad to hear you are okay and your account it back, Batman.
Wow Jim, If you nearly fell for this, when we have no hope..So proud of what you do from a Fellow English Man (London) well done Sir, please keep Streaming .. Stay safe, Mark..
Jim used the power of the scam to destroy the scam.
Twitter is panicking they are starting to suspend people that are pro Trump watch what happens   in the coming weeks. The audit from Az. got released that shows Trump won by huge amounts'
People are throwing phones away what with scamming n pinging! Non tech, just use old battery removal gone. Delete ALL APPS N can etc,   Jim ,Glad you got sorted! Just goes to show!  You're a hero BTW! N guy with blue hair excellent also!
I am really glad, you're back with everything. This stuff was sneaky as hell. There was one mayor oversight and it almost killed all your work here. But: mistakes are made to learn from them. I am sure, you did as should everyone else have!
I have so much respect for the honesty; Many creators would try and Bury this but you owned it for the benefit for us all
That shows how great youtube is, how well protect hes clients. But youtube isnt the only one. I have a old facebook account, and now im getting more than 10 advertising china's government from different facebook accounts, and all of them shows that they are 'sponsored by facebook'.
"I'm YouTube" - lolol
Dang. This was targeted! The scammers are MAD.
Indian tech support: *opens cmd and types tree* Ahh I see now, the reason for your deletion was 20 hackers found on your PC
Welcome back!
Glad you got your channel back jim i love your content sir , can happen to anyone )
This was an intense scam. I was unsubbed, and only found out from Charlie. So mad about Spiffing Brit
I’m glad your back!
You got got
Biggest upset in scams industry, Jim was scammed 😳😳
the scam exposer got scammed ooof
I am sooo sorry this happened to you.  Glad you got everything back.  Thank you for sharing the mishap so that we can all learn what NOT to do!  This really speaks to your strengths!  The scam call center is scary.  Covid - 19 is running rampant and they are all packed in there like sardines...
Jim, I appreciate the humility you showed, admitting that even you can be scammed in those heightened circumstances. It gives us all pause to be more vigilant. I'm so glad you got "all" your stuff back. Well done for nipping it in the bud. Thanks for sharing this.
Complicated software (which this whole move/replace channel business is) used to come with documentation and full explanations of how the software worked and what the software would do.  These days, in the age of the tiny 5-inch screen, that documentation has been replaced by a couple of vague, inaccurate, incomplete lines of text written in about 90 seconds by a company intern.
Different world, that.    Political commentators on the right are very well aware of these processes.   But you'd have to be following those political commentators and the various channels that cover politics to know this one was a scam from the very start.
Really bizarre, I don't have much experience with Turkish input. Does Turkish use upside-down question marks like Spanish does? Or does a Turkish keyboard have easy access to it? He typed that one from his computer as well (I assume) so I doubt it would be some weird phone keyboard issue. Maybe he wasn't really from Syria or Turkey? Just a thought
Oh So that's why your channel popped out for a sec
The moment when youtube suddenly had real time support, should've been the real tip-off for it being a scam.
I don’t want to scare you but The Spiffing Brit was affected by this ! He has recover his account like you!
Insane
You Tube A perfectly Balanced game.
A humbling experience I’m sure. Thank you for your honesty.
Sooo bad wtf
Thanks for sharing your experience Jim. Glad the issue was resolved. It just goes to show how careful we must be with every single piece of electronic communications. I've had few close calls where timing made the scam/phishing email or text message seemed authentic at first glance.
Mo Chará!, bainimid go léir triail as.   Great to have you back, we all get tricked in the end, dont worry about it you are only human after all  John Ireland
i am stunned Jim deleted his own youtube channel just cos of one email, wtf
Over 10 million Syrians fled to Turkey after their civil war over the past 5 years. There is one Syrian to every 6 Turkish citizen in Turkey. Not surprised the scammer is from Turkey and actually a Syrian.
"i aM YoUtUbE!"
So, Jim, since watching your videos, when I get a scam call, I say something like "Hello, how are you?  Well, I have already reversed this phone call and know your physical coordinates.  Your information will be submitted to Jim Browning and your....."  Then they hang up.  Sorry Jim, but using your name on the scam calls seems to work!
IF THAT IS THE REAL IP ADDRESS OF SCAMER,ITS NOT A BAD IDEA TO DDOS HIM🤔😁
I'm glad that they made an exception and restored your channel. I think that your channel provides an important service. In the future, all I can say is, in the words of one Alastor "Mad-Eye" Moody: CONSTANT VIGILANCE!!!!
Was absolutely shocked to find out that scammers got to the goat bounty-scammer-hunter Jim! I am so glad to hear you got your channel back and it's damn good to see you taking the fight to those scammers! Hell yeah! You're a Hero in my book! Keep the fight going! ✊🔥  And you helped me see the importance in having 2-step verification turned on! It was off, but that problem is fixed now thanks to you! 🔥💖🔥
Anyone can indeed be scammed, no matter how well versed you are in the IT world.  A few moments of distraction, something not working right, a new phone... it's quite scary.  2FA would have protected you though, isn't it?  Edit: ah yes, you confirmed that. BTW, I did not need to re-subscribe, just saw this video appear in my subscription list without any action taken by me.
The irony
I know this has nothing to do with the video but I really love your voice, I was so scared when i saw that your channle was deleted. I'm glad that you're back.
Because YouTube has become a shithole.
Jeez this must have been terrifying, so glad that you got the account restored!
I'm still subscribed it seems. Soo glad that you were able to get your channel back. That was too close.
I Subbed after this great information 🙏👍
Haha I always get emails saying my account "PayPal"  has been restricted due to suspicious activity and I need to change my password. Im glad I educate myself on scams and have never been got... Yet
thanks god you are back
Scammer must be a hero to other scammers lol
So glad you are back! Thank you for helping to block these scammers from accessing other unsuspecting people. ❤️
Even the greats get got, this is eye opening for sure
I am Turkish and on the news they show all the time that Syrians who flee to Turkey try to scam people, I never knew that it would be that grand of a scheme and some of Turkish people do hate the Syrians, I never understood why. But now I can see a bit. This is truly heartbreaking, considering some of them are really fleeing their country and others... just do this.
If they can scam someone who literally spies on scammers, you know its BAD.
Use Ctrl-Q or reverse image search on that screen capture.
scam hunter go defeated waiting for revenge arc
YOU'RE BACK!!! WE GOT WORRIED!
He bacc
I love how they tried to get you but ended up not only revealing their scam to the world but also giving you a video that's #23 on trending! They gave you a big payday instead lol 😆
None of us are safe, I had a dpd phishing text on my phone on the day I was expecting a delivery, all it said was "sorry we missed you". Luckily I know never to give any payment card info over a text link but I put my name in and that makes me feel like I got scammed.. they scammed me of my name haha..
The first thing I always told students was to never click on a link in an email. Always go to a site using a URL you trust. Thanks for sharing your experience. A very interesting video.
Also, https://www.youtube.com/JimBrowning leads to your ch.
This was the most disheartening thing I’ve ever seen. We’re all doomed, the scammers fuck as all at will. Fuck life!
Spam Wars Episode V - Spammers Strike Back
This is oddly ironic.  Glad you got it fixed.  Wouldn't have thought you would get tricked like this given you hunt those same people.
Just heard from Discord,  that the SpiffingBrit was targeted and deleted by a scammer,  maybe the same person
Its interesting, if you go /jimbrowning you actually do find this channel, but if you go to /user/jimbrowning you find the musician jim browning (the other guy). His music is actually really good, i recommend if you like guitar and vocals (old school country). So both Jim Brownings have their own jimbrowning link now lol
I've been working in CS for more than 10 yrs now. I don't get why customer support engineers from Microsoft and Google are half brain dead. If you don't know the fucking process ask someone or check out a KDB don't be a moron and give out a template reply based on what you think the issue is, have some diligence and investigate properly.
It's unfortunate that this happened. Think of it this way, it just makes you better at what you do. Great to have you back. Looking forward to seeing more of your videos. You are the best ❤️.
HOLY..this is an important story!
Now Jim goes into super saiyan mode. Oh yeah...
A salutary lesson for us all Welcome Back
Can we all agree that these scammers are completely fucked
Makes me realise if  jim browning can get scammed so can it! Damn. Glad you posted it I always thought it couldn't happen to me. I'll stay vigilant.
This is why I'll never belittle someone that has fallen for a scam.
LOL>. Im not even a hacker, nor a scam - wise.. but I can see that as a fake email from a million miles away.  I guess.. Sucks to be you.. HAHAH
Always be suspicious of links/claims in emails no matter how legit they seem. Always go to the source first to verify. And while you are there, check the *_SSL/TLS/HTTPS certificate thumbprint_* to make sure you aren't a victim of a MITM attack. It isn't a 100% guarantee, as many legit websites do have multiple SSL cert thumbprints, but most websites only have one. Always best to check just in case. Because if the thumbprint matches, then it is probably guaranteed safe.    Do a search to find a site (or two or three) you trust to provide this information. Suggested: "Web server certificate fingerprints".
You’re custom link is back now.
Getting scammed can be extremely painful emotionally. i coach my elderly relatives regularly on how to avoid getting scammed, mainly just telling them over and over to never give any passwords, never give any money, never buy any giftcards, but it still happens. all of my grandparent's have been succesfully scammed at least once, and they were massively embarrassed by it. two of them never told me they were scammed at all, and i only found out after they had passed (from old age). luckily the amount they lost was affordable, so it was more like having a nice watch stolen. it could have been MUCH worse.  No one really is immune to getting scammed, even security researchers. All it takes is for things to line up just right, and a scammer who is just that good to get a bit lucky and then not make a mistake. I guess my point is, if you were scammed, don't beat yourself up over it. consider it like getting your pocket picked in new york in a busy crowd. and its ok to feel hurt by it, it can feel really violating. There is a general trust you automatically give every stranger you meet. A trust that they won't randomly attack you, and that they aren't malicious. This trust is human nature, and getting scammed is a real violation of it. Everybody, go remind your grandparents to never click any links in emails, and never give anyone any money for any reason, even if its Jesus Christ calling and asking for 5 bucks!
Not sure about others, but I am still subscribed after this mess and did not have to resubscribe. Great appreciation for everything you do, Jim. This content is also an excellent training tool for others on what a more targeted attack looks like which is helpful for us all.
The best way to avoid any email scams is to always call the company the message supposedly came from or to email their support to ensure nothing is actually going on with your account. I've been doing this for months and it's saved me quite a few times from convincing phishing emails.
Thank you sharing.
Wow!  This is so crazy!  Thanks for the updates and all the knowledge.
Scam baiting is dangerous buisness. You may get "disappeared". Please be careful.
next time sir, get some coffee. you almost got hard owned.
Sneaky bastards, that's clever I gotta say.
Even the legendary anti-scammer can get scammed.
Blimey if YOU can get caught WE have no chance. Glad all restored mate well done
If they can get Jim then I can't imagine who else is getting scammed by this
This reminds me that my Samsung phone (don't know if there are any configurations I need to make) has a _feature_ to open links attached to messenger apps and SMS messages.  Last week I received a scam SMS, and the first option on the notification bar was to open the fake credit card bank website. I was disgusted. Where is the "remove" or even a niche "report as scam" option?
One got me nan last year and it's more or less tore what was already a small family, apart. The full panhandle & groom into a prolonged leech approach. Can't confidently send money to her anymore for bills or support, knowing it may make it's way to the "Punished US War Veteran", who needs little ol' nan in England to pay his medical bills, etc.  You don't expect it when you're sure you know someone.
Sorry Jim simular thing happened too me the other day I got a missed delivery scam on a day I was expecting a delivery.  Then had a specific company I subscribe too saying the dB failed so this lead me to believe someone had access to my email so I changed and added 2SA on it hopefully it will be resolved now
Jim Browning moment begins at 14:10.
i would think that screenshot was real because it was all lowered from usual because he would not have uploaded
Naw is the best reaction to any question
He’s had ur pants down there jimbob
I hate how scammers believe you owe them money but owe you nothing in return. They come up with so many different scams. Online Scammers are black hat hackers and tend to annoy us on daily basis. They annoy us with scam likely calls. What is the FBI and police doing about it? NOTHING!
either it was a nice popularity stunt, or you just lost all credibility. pick one
If you weren't so humble, Jim, I think people would be ripping into you for this. Well done for having such a great attitude over this, you've taken a dangerous situation and turned it into a huge, positive and constructive learning experience for a LOT of people.
My channel got terminated by youtube itself 2 days ago.  They said i do not follow the rules and regulation.  Then i wrote the official letter to youtube and they said sorry and unbanned me. Lmao youtube
I was scammed a few months ago for €200 :/
There is a way to get youtube to direct people to your channel: You must scam the other Jim Browning into deleting his account!
glad that its restored now!!
HAPPY you revealed this vital information
thankfully I didn't need to resubscribe
Worked in cyber security for years, this has always rung true, "If they want to get you, they WILL get you"
I wonder if this is related.  I've been seeing a bunch of emails that say in a nutshell some account that isn't mine has put me down as a backup account, and they've allowed access to an unsafe app, so Google is sending a warning.  I got several of them in Russian, and then they started coming in English.  The email looks very legit, it genuinely looks like it's come from Google including the signature.  I'm not entirely sure what the angle is, but it's strange.
620 benchow narcissist are upset you outsmart them as they are little children who can't do life so need to cause misery for others
This goes and proves that you can never be to careful. The fact that Jim was able to get "Scammed" more than cements that point. This is a great video on his part because he is able to learn from a mistake he made and allows everyone else to watch out for it and in turn exposes the scam these people are trying. Brilliant 4D chess.
Finally a worthy opponent. Our battle will be LEGENDARY!!!!!
Hunt these bois down, they shall no longer scam no longer
Did a scammer just scam the scammer scammer?
Also I would’ve 100% fallen for this if I was a Youtuber. I mean I already got scammed 2 times and everytime I thought “now I found a way to verify that this is real” but no. My 12yo brain got tricked twice and I do not wanna let it happen a 3rd time
Omg if Jim can get hack , anyone can ,
Everyone: *Impossible*
it now goes to your channel youtube.com/jimbrowning
What a great story, wow and such a good review on the stages of scam and recovery etc. Bravo Jim this is short documentary festival winner quality.
That was a close one
I'm pretty sure he brings up Syria country for some sympathy due to what happened there. Disgusting to know someone would take that chance.
I have a certain respect for this scammer for at least being good at his job.  Seems like most of them just do sloppy work and shotgun it.
Even the the trickster gets tricked sometimes
SKY NEWS AUSTRALIA BANNED BY FASCIST YOUTUBE........THEY DON`T WANT YOU TO HEAR THE TRUTH 😡😡😡😡😡  🙈🙉🙊
You are an absolute inspiration to all of us, Jim. Glad you got your account back and it just shows whoever you are or how good you are, that you can get caught out. Just do what I do and don't trust anyone at all. Thank you for another great video Jim
9:55 He was youtube
Jesus Loves You!!!
Jim: How can I talk to you? Scammer: How can i talk to you? this was so dumb it made me chuckle
May the genetals of all scammers rott and fall of. Spiff is gone as well btw.
Jim has spent literally thousands of hours fighting scammers. I’m glad he’s not too proud to admit he can also fall victim. This is a really important video. Also love he immediately went on the offensive to track down the scammer once he realised what was going on.
You should take your revange
Grabify it’s simple but it works.
I saw and read through the report yesterday.  To say it was a bit of a shock is an understatement. It proves that Scams can happen to everyone, even the experts. Really hope you get your previous Channel back and all the content still intact. My understanding is that Google Backs up everything loaded onto YouTube.
There are nearly 4 million syrian refugees in Turkey and most are financially struggling. So it is most likely a syrian refugee living in Turkey.
Ur so stupid for falling to such an obvious scam XDD
They're getting smarter
something similar almost happend to someordinarygamers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IirecBNx3nM
I can’t be the only one who found this really ironic right?
Amazing, Jim you are a true force for good. Incredible to know how humble you are by showing this particular scam. I hope you get everything back 100%
17:09 I imagine they state that there's no recovery of deleted channels simply out of corporate expediency; it's easier to make an exception to a promise of _zero service_ than it is to fail to provide a promised service
It's so fake!
So glad you made this video. You have turned a bad situation into a learning moment for everyone, just like you always do!
Unfortunately for them, there is always a step where there need a password from the user. But they can still mess up things a lot in the meantime
Oh i actually never seen one from turkey interesting
30:43 WOW this one is crazy. Also, my subscription is alright, it's like nothing happened at all for me.
I did not need to resubscribe, in case you were curious. [Or is this something that would have affected some subscribers, but not others?]
Wow that guy has no idea who he managed to scam. If there was anyone I would say is impossible to scam it would be Jim Browning. Glad everything is sorted now though.
Is it just me or is it not obvious at any point that it will delete subscribers!?  It's depressing to think that a smaller channel probably wouldn't have been restored.
This is the greatest fake support of All Time
Good to see you've cleared things up and shared the fact that there's a scam out there that will manage to trick just about anyone. I just had a scam take one of my coworkers for a 4 digit sum by impersonating the owner of the company.
You should've switched from the one with 3 million to the one with 0 subscribers. You did the opposite and it probably wiped the data from 3 million one and kept data from the 0 subscriber one.
This was an incredibly sophisticated  scam,  Jim.
My guy you are number 23 and trending, and when I First watched this from beginning you only had 1mil now it appears you have your full 3.3 million back
Scammers got to jim😶
If a scam is good enough anybody can fall for it. That's why I hate when people insult other like they are idiot for being scammed. I was personally never scammed but I know it can happen.
This was a really well put together scam. I can't fault anyone for falling for it. I probably would have honestly.  Dont manage your accounts from your email I suppose. Always type in the url and navigate from there.
If you can get scammed GOD help the rest of US!!😱
Goes to show how big of a price is on your head within the scammer community, everyone slips, thankfully YT came to the rescue.
Glad to have you back
I watched the Someordinarygamers video yesterday, glad to have you back!
Glad you made it out alive!
I think some scammers found your channel and was like “I’m gonna hack into it and delete it” and the other guy was like “totally”    I think that was the story I haven’t watched the whole thing yet
For some reason, I was never unsubscribed from your channel. It did not affect that.
Good to see you back up and at it Sir , this world needs all of you anti scammers.
So that Jim Browning guy saw all the news of your account being deleted and decided to jump in and create an account named Jim Browning? People will do anything and everything.
Scammers are just criminals, thieves. Thieves are as deviant as murderers, they have no interest in any needs but theirs. Why else would armed robbery rank alongside killers in psychological measures of dangerousness? They have a hundred pathetic justifications, just as you describe. Having failed to get money or information from you, he tries to recruit you...  If you know someone who steals, they're never going to change the monster they really are inside, however convincing their talk or their face. Props to Jim, those must have been some stressful days. Great content as always.
Good to see you are #18 on trending Jim.  As someone in IT i've been close to being scammed by these situations.  These days im just ignoring all emails.
"I make more than $16k a month... Can you send me $100?"- lol
Hey Jim you should talk to Jack Rhysider
Oh cmon… as if Syria needed more shit on its name… Terrorists, and now scammers… please I want to say I am Syrian for once and don’t feel like people will hate me automatically lol
https://youtube.com/shorts/HXHGMw7A86Y?feature=share
I don't need to resubscribe at all.
I hope you went after this person....
Jim! I think you forgot to censor your email address!!!
M. Browning exhibits an important safety tip.  The requests at 8:42 to "Please send us your phone number" and "How can I talk to you?" at 11:40, if answered, would have provided the scammer with a way around Two-Factor Authentication (for certain forms of 'phone-based 2FA in certain countries).  It involves scamming The 'Phone Company as well, but as we can see, this is a person who knows how to scam.  M. Browning correctly refused to divulge xyr 'phone number, and the lesson is that even if one thinks that one is back in charge again one should not become complacent.  The advice to not give your personal information still holds, even when you are trying to confront a scammer afterwards. The scammers are *still* trying their tricks, even when you think that you have the upper hand.
RETURN OF THE KING
This is why I always, ALWAYS try and find a contact number to call somewhere if I think that they sent an email.  Now while I don't think YouTube has a phone number you can call, they do have live support through their domain.  Just click the menu icon, and go to the bottom where it says "contact us" before you go messing with your account to verify it. :)
I saw that your channel did not exist anymore and was really disappointed. I am glad you are back! I have posted a link of this video to the comments section of some another streamer since they had been expeirencing some problems with their payments from YT.
"I'm YouTube" - Yes, of course... of course.
Now all is back to the roots includes your individual URL! Welcome Back!
Maybe I'm just paranoid, but I double and triple check any alerts regarding unexpected account actions (suspensions, password or detail changes, etc), and the first step I take is to log into the account in question via known addresses/favorites. The second step is to contact customer service directly outside of the alert notification.  Glad you got your account back, and sucks that someone managed to sucker you.
Good to have you back Jim.
Imagine being the scammer that shut down Jim browning I bet they've crowned the fucker 😂
your email address is ate the top right 1:54
They scammed the man himself, and he got back stronger.
I'm YouTube
They fear you. They want to get rid of you.
when revenge?
Imagine being the scammer and the guy you're scamming literally has "no tech support scams" as his pfp I'd be scared out of my wits
Very happy for you Jim that you are back. You should try to take down the person who scammed YOUR UTUBE CHANNEL VINCE  the Aussie
I think he edit the html to create that fake screenshot.
Very happy to see you back Jim
"I'm YouTube"  So convincing
It's obviously someone who you've brought down before 😡 nice work getting it back 🤗
We are Glad to see you Back Pal
Yo yt undubscribed me lol
God am I glad your back.
I want to put a quick note about two step authentication. If you use the same password for your email and other things then two factor authentication will not be able to help you unless its the one where you tap a button on your phone. Please do not use the same password on your email that you use for anything else.
I'm pretty sure that screenshot was copy pasted from somewhere. Something these guys use to recruit more people into the scam. Like those affiliate marketers on insta
I'm looking forward to your next video, I personally did *not* have to resubscribe and I hope nobody else has to.
How do we know you are actually jim? You could be the scammer in disguise trying to add to your 2 million from ad revenue. WHERE IS JIM SCAMMER!!!!
Ok
Glad this got resolved even if it's still got a few bugs to work out.  Miss your content and eager to start watching more of your videos.  I'll even sit through the ads all the way through just to ensure you get full revenue.  =)
Whoever scammed you is now the king!🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
600 bought dislikes.  This is by far the most informative video about scamming I've seen and should be tought in IT schools.
didn't realize that your acc was deleted...that's quite unfortunate and a miserable experience. Glad you're back!
Bruh YouTube better refund all the money you missed out on
Yeah I was concerned. Son of a gun
That was free content for Jim
Thank you for being so open about this, I'm sorry it happened, but it does make me feel a little about the time I almost got scammed(🙈). Glad you got your channel back & are ready to kick a**!😊 (Pretty crazy, but really not surprised, how long it took YouTube/Google to figure it all out though 😆).
Jim Browning has officially entered Chuck Norris territory. Jim Browning once deleted his channel so ....
All scammers will burn in a really hot hell fire‼️
Do you have games on your pc?
It's getting more and more hard to verify legit and counterfeit accounts, Facebook, Google, Microsoft.. everything is getting spoofed; glad you got your account back; Waiting for payback episode 👍🏼
Turkey economy sucks so...  I won't say anything.   Tried well xD
Dang the scammer seems cool
The moral of the story at 19:00... =) I was going to use the new clip feature but apparently, you can disable it.
"Yes, I want to take Kitboga and Scammer Payback's channels" (lol)
welcome back
🥳 awesome that you got it restored! Glad to have you back
the player got almost played :D
Isn’t it crazy that even YouTube itself doesn’t have the power to ctrl-z one step back?
dang thats scary, glad you got your channel back
Had an Amazon Phishing Mail. Someone from a location successfully entered your password, confirm if this you.  Had my full name and everything. But something felt off so contact support and they said they hadn't sent that mail.
Fucking hell, that must've been an extremely shitty situation to be involved in, glad nothing happened to your channel :D
Glad to have you back <3
Not gonna lie. This is impressive.
Its amazing how this can happen to people like you as well. glad to hear its all sorted out and nothing of note was lost (minus a few hours of your time).
The screenshot is from a jake Paul vid btw jim
Next time check each and every thing...
HAHAHAHA He's not YouTube.  I'm the real YouTube!  WEAK! This made me laugh so hard!
My biggest concern is YouTube saying that the deleted channel couldn't be recovered....Oh wait, actually it can, we forgot. WTF YouTube?
This was a very tricky scam and it was well thought out However i have a full proof plan to never fall for it Im too lazy to check my email
Jim what the hell!?? Bro how can you fall for this , i cant believe
I personally would have knew this was a scam because my current account is a brand account.
I have to admit that although I am sorry that this happened to you, I am disappointed as well.  If this can happen to someone as intelligent as yourself, what chance do I have?
It's crazy that this guy,  who built his whole channel on exposing scammers..... totally got scammed.
You should try and work with law enforcement and stop the scammers quicker
Honestly, I blame google for making this possible in the first place. The simple fact they produce the language they do throughout the process you were sent through seems too ‘off’...
Wait.... didn't you say you had this 3 million sub account? Wouldn't you have suspected that he was renaming your stolen 3 mil sub account and that was how he "had one"? Glad you have it now. For some reason, I felt a sense of deja vu. As if I had heard this account at least several years ago. Was this a re-posted video?
glad to have u back + ty for this
This is one weird to start a friendship lmao
Glad that your account could be restored!!
The scammer was funny lmao
Wow
Wondered if you can outsmart most CSGO Steam Scammers. That is really a big problem for Steam user
I'm still puzzled you went through with it. Glad that's all resolved. Let it be further motivation to hunt down and destroy the scammers.
Aw man, that scammer's in for a world of hurt in the future!
Wow! This was so eye opening. The reason why this kind of scam _I think_ won't work on me is because I always like to stick it to _the man_ and if YouTube or any other social media platform gives me instructions on what to do about some conflict or anomaly on their platform, I will always say: _"This is your platform, you guys own it, why can't you fix it from your end"?_  All technical support solutions should be dealt with from their end with no input from the user at all.  Thanks so much for sharing.   😎👌🏼
I still can't believe they banned your channel like seriously? Do they want people to get scammed?
The Web domain works now for ur channel :]
Still subscribed,like nothing happened. This one was close dude.
Well played 😎👍🍺
Missed you dude!
It seems like Jim might not have been the only one who got hit in this attack :( I'm glad you got your channel back and I hope everyone else is too.
If Jim Browning can fall for a phishing scam, literally _anyone_ can. We all think it won't happen to us because we would never fall for the typical cheesy email from a prince with a large sum of money, but the scammers know that too and they're constantly honing their attacks.
170 videos? Are a bunch of them private? I only see 84 on the channel.
11:14 bro he just tried TAKING OVER your youtube account and was almost successful. I think he knew his target.
Glad your back 👍
Oh no
Not completely perfect English like you said. Their first comment - 'and as a result' *We* (W in capital letters) will... Should be lowercase as it is not a new sentence Also *certainly* (they used uppercase for all previous and now lowercase - possible due to them being excited they hooked Jim)
That does not count as scammed. May be called mistake. You are the king.
It's scary how phishing scams are getting surprisingly believable and super realistic.
I'm glad you're back.
Daaaang a good enough scam can even get Jim. Stay safe out there everyone.
I think Mutahar got a mail like this and he contacted YouTube support about it. (Not sure how useful they were, given the fact that they usually are very useless at times).
The irony is hilarious 😂😂😂😂😂
This could be a Marvel superhero story.
So happy you’re back where you belong. And still subscribed as always!!
This was interesting..... I especially liked the instructions google sent you. Glad you were able to correct your mistake.
I really dont click links inside emails, unless it's a regular thing that I consciously actived. If anything like "there's a sudden problem, click here to fix" pops up that doesnt smell like completel bs, I'll check it out by logging in manually. In theory anyway...
Glad that I'm STILL receiving channel notifications after such a mess. I work in IT and preach about backup systems to everyone I work with including my family, then who loses all of his photos due to a failed backup system? 🤦‍♂️  No one is perfect all of the time. As long as the lesson is learned from and not repeated then we pick ourselves up and move on. Unfortunately, some lessons are much more difficult and expensive.
When I heard Grabify, i was expecting the Pleasant Green Nigeria jingle...
The greatest MISTAKE a scammer can do is to scam Jim Browning
Hi Jim, love your content...good of you to share your experience as it reminds us not to let our guard down ... also been seeing a certain fellow by the name of KY5 [9th Main Account] spamming the comments below, now he seems to be harboring a lot of pain and anguish, do you think he could be a certain Syrian national that currently lives in Mugla, Turkey? And also happens to own a Samsung Galaxy A50? just a guess here, maybe the fellow needs monetary help, say maybe like $100?
Glad you got your channel back hopefully Google looks into this and takes any action they can.
Damn that scammer is clever
google has the most advanced algorithms to detect phishing emails yet still allows their domain to be used by anyone crazy shit
FUCK YEAH BRO GOOD TO SEE YOU BACK MAN
i dont think he made up being syrian. people have been suffering and starving for a decade that they’ve turned to theft and crimes as a result. im glad youre back jim !
We’re going to see beast mode Jim Browning from here on out.
wow. thank you for this video. very informative.
The Legend continues; glad to have you back Jim!
The exception is also fixed. Keep doing your Best!!!
I'm so glad that you got your channel back! They really can get anyone who isn't paying full attention.
Man screw these filthy scammers.
Speaking of current scams, There's one going around Steam right now for voting on an Esports team. If you receive a message from someone on your friends list asking you to vote for an Esports team, IMMEDIATELY notify the account owner if you know them.
Thanks for sharing glad to see that the number of your subscribers looks back to normal.
sorry to bother you, I have an apple laptop I thought it was bullet proof, and it only happen to Micro soft. A blue screen pop up and locked it and ask me, I have to call a certain #. I how do I get out of a situation like that if it happens again thanks you
Sir you have to be in YouTube, We need your help
You beat em 1000 times. Its okay to get beaten once.
Holy shit, absolutely ICONIC video! Thank god you got the channel back!
BROOOOOO you got got! Glad you're back!
ohhh the irony :P
The revenue seems just like a screenshot from socialblade, could be any channel.
HOW DID YOU NOT KNOW?!?
Good to see you back on your account
There's a beauty YouTuber who got hacked recently. Alexandria Ryan. She made a couple YouTube videos about it.
Welcome back my friend
Hijacking channels actually makes money. Even gsmarena.com had their youtube channel hijacked
India oh India 💩
That “domain spoofing” style is something I’ve never seen before.   Thanks for bringing it to my attention
jim browning got thejimbrowning    man..
Youtube is the future. 😂
Top 10 Things You Shouldn't Ask #1 Jim Browning's Passwords
Happy to have you back, Jim! Can't wait for future videos!! 🔥🔥👌🏻
There's no way he is making 16K per month from stolen channels yet still only asks you for $100 and proceeds to just tell you he is a scammer. Amateur that's trying it on. Hasn't a clue what he is doing and that's why he asked you how convincing he was and to give him feed back. Who needs feedback when your techniques make you upwards of 16K per month?
u got tricked XD
Welcome back!!
I doubt I'll get scammed... I don't click on anything except Jim browning videos.
577 scammers disliked this video lol
As soon as I start looking for your account lol
Jim kick the scammers out..🔥
Hey Jim, I was still subscribed. Welcome back and thanks for sharing this without fear of your reputation, which is still effing awesome
lmao, Psyched Substance was also a victim of this. he lost his whole channel and needed to get everything restored as well. kinda crazy seeing 2 very different youtubers get targeted for this
Glad you're back
Just to let you know Jim, I didn't have to resubscribe, Glad you got things back on track.
Wow, how strange that you could have a civil conversation with this guy afterwards
Haha funny part is you went top 10 trending and a free 1 mill views
Thank goodness you're back... Let's track where this scam email came from and scare their pants off
0:55  You leaked your email.
Yooo The scammers are fighting back. Its getting spicy😂🤣
Hmmm....The incorrect capitalization would've alerted me tbh. But this one is quite sophisticated compared to many others.
It's weird seeing the grabify details without hearing Pleasant Greens Nigerian music
It would of said hi, (user name) and had and official link to one of their troubleshooting pages most likely it should of been ignored and marked as spam if it was of actual importance they would reached out again. Also they never make typo mistakes what so ever.
Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the definition of irony.
18:27 mark saved LUL
Glad ur back, even hit the trending page to make up for it!  Shame u lost the jim browning search thingy to the other guy, but if someone was actually looking for ur channel it wouldn't be so hard to find.
Isn't it best not to ever click a link received via email? If you get something like this in email just independently contact the company sending the email to confirm. Don't click links and don't call back numbers in those emails. I guess they got you with the FEAR of your account being suspended and you not wanting to waste anytime to resolve the issue.
Good for YT being able to eventually figure it out!  Glad you are back Jim.
Wow Jim, ballsy to own up to this.  One thing I do is never use a links from emails and only go direct even if the links are correct.  But I suppose you know this :P  Keep up the good work.
Wow, that was a very clever scam, although like you I don’t understand how they would have collected the money.
Some people are too smart.
Glad you're back.
Thanks for being so honest. many would not be so humble. Friends tell me they would never be scammed, laugh at older folks but as you said, if the circumstances are right.....
The scam wars are intensifying.  Thanks for doing what you do!
I never click on any links in emails that just show up. I always go to the company website use the support function from their website after I was scammed had my paypal account and ebay account taken over someone put over 20 listings for items that sold very quickly had payments redirected. I was quick enough to contact eBay and Paypal none of the money ever made it to them due to the waiting period to withdraw money. Many buyers kept asking me where the item was.
Wondered where you went 🤔
Great Video! Thanks for sharing this unpleasant experience
A great reminder that nobody's too smart to fool 100% of the time. Glad to see you're back!
I feel like scammers are getting more creative than they have in the past.. glad you figured it out in the end.. 😥👍 but I can only imagine how many others might have fallen for this
Glad to have you back!! see, only scammers from India are hot-headed xDD
Omg even the internet batman got pwned. We are DOOMED
Idk why but Jim typing "hehehe" looks hilariously out of character
Just Shows Nomatter who you are, we all are  at risk to be scammed and the scammers get better and better what we do. and we should pay more attention to what happen around us.  beside that . Love you are back  Jim Browning  Now Lets Kick some ass and get some revenge :D
Now this is definitely the definition of "IRONY".
Spiff nooooooooo
Hacker 1 : Jim 99999 This is only the beginning XD
Like viruses...the scams keep mutating . Do some really have call centers? What ? I had written a joke and called "Scam-R-Us" but never thought it would be real.  smh
LMAO, not as clever clogs as you thought you were, are you :)
Wata efe
I seem to not be subscribed. I thought I was subscribed before... At least I have watched a bunch of his videos earlier (it is possible that this was due to video  recommendations, rather than a subscription, not sure). Did the account restoration not restaore subscriptions? Or did I just think I was subscribed before?
I find the cultural implications of this to be interesting. Like it's obviously no big deal for the scammer. He scammed you a bit, but you caught him, and then he acts... friendly? It's like it's so normal for him that he doesn't understand why you would hate him. I think it speaks to how normalized these scams are in places like India.  Also I highly doubt he's successful at this lol  I think it's much more likely that he's pretty poor and someone told him he could make a bunch of money real quick.
THANK GOD YOU’RE BACK, Muta and the others were worried!
F YouTube
Goddamn
No one is safe... Even Jim Browning!
14:09 "hey man can I just get some money and I'll leave you alone ok"  *Ascended Jim Browning: no, you are already within my grasp... the only fate that awaits you is grabify..*
Noice
How did you fall for this shit 🤣😂
The scammers plotting on him cause of all that he’s done to the scammers
Even the great Jim Browning hath fallen, what more heathen like us
Legend is back.
Oh blimey. At one point I thought u lost it. Man you are good man. Love you. May ALLAH keep you safe
Good you're back. But if you got caught, no help for the rest of us.
Wow that’s nuts glad you got it back
so scammer would get the money your tube makes?
It's Cool that even scam professionals like you can be (partly) taken in, thankyou for your work at spotting such things.
Big fan of yours here!
2FA is going to be required by banking and credit cards by end year. I'm waiting for 3FA actually.
If you get conned, no chance for the rest of us.  Thanks for sharing. Sorry, thought this comment was going to Jim.  I noticed was they didn't use his name in the kick off. Also there's a form of the common threat - 'Fix this problem, or you're going to lose what you have.'
Glad you’re back Jim, I know what you’re talking about how anyone can be scammed and coincidences I once got a Scamazon email for an 1100 dollar purchase about 45 minutes after I made a 1050 dollar purchase, had to reset some passwords but nothing bad came of it fortunately for me.
Your redirection issue is resolved i guess   https://www.youtube.com/jimbrowning
Damn. Thats IRONIC
So how does restoration work? Does YouTube just have restore points for deleted accounts?
Indian repprting you i guess..
Imagine tricking the owner into deleting an entire 3.5M channel just to end up asking "I want only 100$"
god its so sad that this happens, and its just gonna get worse in the future
Don’t play w Jim browning we on ya assssss
Glad your channel is back! I saw your tweet and was hoping that you would be able to get it back.
When the guy who catches scares gets scammed, you know this is a major issue :(
My man using grabify  edit: Why am i getting people with sussy looking pfp pic's replying to this comment SOMEBODY SAVE ME
Wow.   Honestly you were super humble about the fact that you made a mistake and that it could happen to anyone.   Some people's pride would have been too big to admit the anti scam guy got scammed   Good on ya mate
"LISTEN TO MEEE" 🤣
Damn this shit is scary af, if someone like Jim can be compromised, then it truly proves none of us are truly safe from them. Just glad you're back
I think the clear lesson here is that whenever you receive these kind of emails warning you about your account, then instead of clicking anything on it or using any numbers it may give, directly contact the company support through phone or verified emails and ask them about the problem.
its kind of funny that you were tricked.  but hey, this should give even more incentive to go get em.
I'm so happy that you are back!!!
At the risk of sounding like my great-grandmother I'm proud of you admitting your mistakes and using them to educate others. I'm absolutely thrilled to see you back with your content! Love your channel and keep up your great work.
Can’t they spoof an email address easily? I’ve often emails from my own address claiming to be sent from my account, but are obviously lies.
Glad to see you got your channel back. You are providing a great service to society esxposing these scammers
what if the scammer was using a VPN? does grabify  show that?
The Hunter has become the hunted ;)
Definitely doesn’t have that channel. Google would shit on them, maybe they get one check if its the night before it’s disbursed
lost a lot of respect over this.. its pathetic how you can fall for that shit
Jim was almost got owned by a rookie scammer. I cant help but laugh at the sheer absurdity of that situation.
BROWNING LIVES! *STOMP STOMP*
To be fair, it's not that it's easy to be scammed, it's that technology has become so convoluted that the error appeared genuine to being with. We shouldn't ever be in a position were an account inside of another account can accidentally duplicated itself, and then becoming a problem. Red flags should have immediately went off regardless to your new phone, but since most apps have away of taking over for us and doing things we never ask because companies like Google want their fingers in all of our pies 24/7 it was actually plausible for a moment. That moment of weakness wasn't from a good scam, it was from bad tech.  Companies like Google have to be better companies. It was never acceptable. We don't need compa nies that twist our data to the point where simple things become complicated just so can they can muscle their way into our lives without our permission.
Important Update, the scammer is currently negotiating for his life following this conversation with Jim Browning:  "I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you are looking for ransom I can tell you I don't have money, but what I do have are a very particular set of skills. Skills I have acquired over a very long career. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. If you let my (You Tube Channel) go now that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you, but if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you and I will kill you."
I was looking for your videos just a few days ago and was wondering where you had gone
THEY FOOLED JIM. THEY MIRACULOUSLY FOOLED HIM. *WE ARE SCREWED.*
Maybe try a JackSuckAtLife vid, he posts things like this often on all of his channels
My heart was in my throat for you! So glad everything worked out! YouTube needs to let their creators know of scams like this, on a regular basis!
Jim you're a legend keep up the good work!
Real emails will always refer to your name or channel names.
Jim : (Adds a new Organization to his dart board)
A god was challenged
Kudos to you.
1m views in a day? Holy shit Jim
Comforting to know we all need to be vigilant. Just happy you're there! Take special care with your reprisal! Make them pay in ways only you can. We're with you!
they literally targeting you for closing their business 😂 good thing you got your channel back to let them pay big time
go spiff.... check dis... [sent to BA first] i m a fan... and what's happening is bullsh it... do more parody fellas(together if possible, there are a lot of you).. PARODY MORE!!!! not a lawyer but i think it s fair use or it should be.. keep a semblance of lore and change names like the Pimperor s Text to Se x Direct... (or PTSD instead of TTS)... change more names like the cumsturddes: the pretorian phalux of the pimperor and the ass-tetes (or bastardes whatever) the primadonas of the pimperor Lea belle lonesome of the dark queens. full-slim vegan weight loss extraordinaire of the the pimperor's inbreds, the aptly named GirlyMan MaPa smuff of the futamarins, Vulvan of the salivaters, Anonymius and ohhesgone and their nameless legion (or paragraphs before they were broken up into sentences of a 100 words or less) what else, MagPie the black etc.. the Castra Ballintarium favorite target of Hapion and the world ticklers who serve Horn on his dic k throne and does not care from where the c um flows as long as he s got "Milk for the Cornflakes(tm c r lathrax)" , the office of the AssIzSorum, the mechs of mercury, the lunar system, the scarix maleficum, TitSnitch (tm c r Majorkill) served by MagPie favouring wizzardbikers; cause sorcery's for pu ssies.. speaking of LemonGinger Puss of the space cats... the sisters of laughter... Menstruius of the perio d cherubs... Slutesh and his/her dildettes... Typhoid: bringer of Gurgle... Preteenabo/bim bo of the iron dil dos... VagusVagnax... i know... i watch a lot of p orn... anyway... the bigG coming after the little fans is bul lsh it ... do more parody just change the names.. keep the setting even... just change the names for a while... the Dikons made of ribodermis (for her plea sure)... the space elves and their dark counterparts... the Tauis (pronounced toys) and the greater pleasure... can t let bigG do that! like i said.. i m a fan..but i m poor... can t play, buy minis, paint, books, let alone any sort of filming material... I WILL NOT subscribe to anything... what you guys and gal [(tm c r MK) i know.. .more than one gal into lovehams69k...] do is just great.. .it s a wonderful universe and you re all sharing for poor idiots like me... and it feels like sh it that bigG is clamping down on the 'little guys(and gal)' (by little i mean the "not uite as poor as i am).... dafuq are they gonna go after next? valejo paints?.. no 3d printing already... it s sh it what happened to Bruva (not my favorite channel 'cause you kinda have to be 'in the know' but great fun) and it's sh it what happened to others even though they clearly stated they were in no way endorsed by big G... get together (looking at you MK with your stupid competition as fun as it is).. "And now for 40 facts (tm c r OneMindSyndicate) about WTF is bigG thinking... get together please... bigG shouldn't be allowed to do this sh it... it s fu c king EA all over... enough ranting... sorry about all the secksual stuff... this is the first time i post anything on yout ube, and likely the last... i m sending this comment to a few content creators i know.. i like all of them but i am lazy so don't feel left out if you didn t get one (i m just an as shole).. but get together ... please... flood bigGwith parodies.. there s no copyright on any of this exept where i know for sure [(just look for tm c r) 'tm c r' from somemorenews and/or whodafuqeva writes Cody's script by the way...] I will not look at any comment (let alone reply to any of them) just feel free to use some or all of this stuff... parody some more... please... for the honor of the paragraph! all the best to  all of you... sorry BruvaAlfabusa... you know your stuff.. passion indeed... f uuu  uck.. print f uck ing clay minis... mix your own paints and washes (tm c r midwinterminis, miniac, goobertownhobbies and so many more... )  titsnitch(tm c r)... king of CHANGE! sh it has to CHANGE... i fu c king hated this video... i agree.. with all you said.. i feel bad... just do parody... cahge the names ...  keep the names... STAY!!!! please
I almost got scammed on some "free golf drivers" they only wanted me to buy the $500 set of irons and I could send them back then keep the drivers. Except it was all shit.
I commend you. This just shows we all have things to learn ! Thank you for sharing this experience and I'm glad you are back!
Supporting you from Scammer Payback.
Oh congratulations 👏 your channel is restored, am still a subscriber. You are targeted coz you have millions of subscribers and million views,! They know you are earning big!
Wow, even the master scam baiter got (almost) scammed
1 the scam baiter got scammed 2 who’s disliking the video? 3 glad to see your back
Biggest bruh moment
https://youtu.be/SrUB3lxwGMw
#23 on trending Wow Anybody know how fast his channel grew? Seemed it blewwww up recently
There's going to be a giant pile of steaming e-waste in the center of Bangladesh when Jim gets done letting the smoke out of their servers
Love you content, but what I don't understand is why the hell you gave him advice to help him improve his tactics!?? Now he can really screw over the average Youtuber or others.
Have you tried reverse image searching that screenshot?
The adsense data may have come from Indonesian Youtuber Calon Sarjana
The opps winnin
This made me furious
wow
13:40 I know where it came from: His own page; If you use the html editor he couldve just edited the numbers on his own youtube page making it look like hes big. He did math tho for it, hes a smart turd
That's crazy. I only have a few subs but I would be big mad
if they scammed you, what chance do the rest of us have
Dam, if they were devious enough to catch you out, then we the general public have got no chance.
lol...You made Jim Browning mad, he will now be more merciless, serious and dangerous to these scammers...Good Luck Scammers
Damn, the youtube support is so ineffective. When I was a kid, I created seperate email address for my youtube channel, and later I realised I could just move them to my main email ID using the make it a brand account technique. Its a fairly straightforward process and it's just that you only completed half of it before you thankfully realising it was a scam. Technically you didn't lose your channel nor was it "deleted" at any point and youtube didn't do any "magic" to bring your channel back like some other comments are suggesting. I can't believe they took days to just send over the rest of the steps to fully move your channel, it takes one "how to move YouTube channel to a different email" in google search. Anyways glad that you got sorted it out finally and damn if Jim can be convinced by a scam then I indeed am really scared.
Save the Spiffing Brit!
I'm still able to see your channel after typing that link.
Not only do Syria and Turkey share a border, there’s 5-6 million refugees in Turkey. It’s a huge problem for them
Just goes to show how vulnerable we can be if a scam targets a demographic we're a part in.  I fell for a scam when I was about 14. I spent a lot of time on the computer and might have ignorantly installed a trojan -I don't recall what specifically might have triggered it but my best guess is I may have clicked one of those pop up ads about "playing Minecraft for free" that show up on youtube videos sometimes. I got the popup on my computer that said I had a fatal error and had to contact microsoft support. It had the logos, fonts and everything. I was so worried about my parents finding out that I agreed to paying a ridiculous 300 something dollars for a "3 year protection plan". I absolutely should have known better, with the thick accents, busy background noise, and with how rude and impatient they got with me. They at one point had remote access to my computer and had me give them my card info via the notepad app. It still makes me sick to think about, because it wasn't until my dad walked in on me, realized what was happening, and shut off my computer and wifi that I had realized what had happened.  Thankfully the bank could recover the money I had lost. I still feel stupid about it sometimes, but I was a kid who thought she knew everything about how the internet works. Every few months or so I still get scam calls, and every single time it makes me realize how disgusting and sad these people are. I've had a pretty major fascination with the ever-evolving scams since then and continue to really appreciate the knowledge you and KitBoga spread. It seems like every day there are new disguises for shady emails, calls, and text messages. Now in my early twenties, living with my grandparents who are brand new to the world of iphones, computers, and prime overnight shipping, I've really felt pressed to ensure they know what these people want and how they can get it from them. My grandma has already told off a few scam phone calls which just feels great. Again, I can't stress enough how grateful I am that channels like these exist. Not only do they inform and educate people and their families, but they remind people like me to be attentive and cautious. Bless you. I'm glad your channel was recovered.  Edit: Also sick that he tried to pull your heartstrings for a last minute buck. "I want to get out" bs. Absolutely shameless.
PooTube is run by a bunch of East India Sreet Schiiters. They don't like good guys. PooTube is all about criminal chaos. Time to get a real job.
should be an epic move "Empire of Scammers strike back!"
Crazy how people like you and geniuses like mark rober can still get scammed. Be careful everyone.
Wow whoever accoun
I didn't have to re-subscribe for what it's worth.
Even though scammers are just terrible human beings, I actually enjoyed see how this scammer was willing to ask questions to see if his method was convincing. That also shows that he is trying to see if there is any way he could improve his method.
WwwwwwwooooooooooowwwwwwwW
youtube.com/jimbrowning works now!
i was the 1 millionth viewer
It takes a lot of humility to post something like this, especially when you're known for getting the better of scammers. I know when I lost dozens of dollars of steam items I didn't want to admit it or talk about it, but sharing experiences like this is one of the best ways to help other people avoid being scammed. I'm glad you got your channel back, and I hope other creators will see this video and now be prepared for scams like this.
Actually a well thought out scam and perfectly executed.
Google can learn  allot from you
Hacker at your acc
Pls be careful. Pay attention to emails.
"hi" (big space) still looks fake  lol
here because of Charlie
Ok.. but.. what the hell did the idiot get out of doing it?  Kicks and a good laugh for making someone delete their channel?
Lesson: EVERYONE makes mistakes *shocking*
Damn. If you can be scammed I'm completely screwed.
the youtube.com/jimbrowning now leads to your channel
JIM YOU ARE THE SCAM BAITING GOD! Glad you’re back!
The scammer looks like a teenagers who keeps boasting about his earnings and multiple YouTube accounts. He has earned 2.5 million dollars but needs $100 dollars to give your account back. Doesn’t sound convincing. LOL.
End of July? OMG, this was recent! Glad you have you got everything recovered.
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.
It’s possible that YouTube screenshot is from jack massey welsh/jacksucksatlife he does Tesla and YouTube analytics videos and those numbers feel familiar.
“A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.” ..                 Help me to reach my goal pls, thanks🥺❤️
wow man. goes to show we are all human. glad to have you back. i wonder how these people would make money from this scam as the person whos channel it is probably wont upload any more videos when they realize they have been scammed. then the only money revenue would be new views on old videos. keep fighting the good fight jim! cant wait to see the new content about the next call center you took down.
I'm surprised that the Google 'G' icon next to YouTube support instead of the YouTube icon wasn't a red flag for you. I was watching you chat with the fake support and that detail was driving me crazy.
Scammer: I wonder why he wants an interview? Google Chats: (logo clearly says Tech Support Scams)
Welcome back Jim! I’m glad to see YT restored your channel!
The URL is now fixed: youtube.com/jimbrowning takes you now to your channel.
Massively gigantic red flag.... Being asked specifically to create a brand new account on YouTube. I'm sorry, but alarm bells should have instantly gone off in your head at that point.
So this is way ceeday stop uploading he got scammed
Whenever I get called or emailed for something I just go to the website for that thing and go through that channel. This makes me feel like maybe I should be sure to keep doing that.
even though his english is fine, i can't help but notice the lack of proper punctuation. He never uses full stops to end a sentence.
how did he get a @google.com email?
Wow.  Google should make 2FA/2SA mandatory on all accounts… removing the ability to call yourself any combination of “YouTube, Google, partners, support” from chat or anywhere seems like a quick easy fix..
We must get that other Jim Browning to 13 million subs
that wasn't an email, it was a notification of an unread chat message... emails are not sent with no-reply@.. they are sent by support@... it was a notification only. Besides they would have sent a proper email to you rather than chat message...  Anyways good you recovered your account. This video should be an eye opener to everyone. No matter how hard you try , anyone can be scammed, and this guys are almost not traceable + they live in another country so even you report them your country's police can do nothing!!!! even if they do manage to do anything, the victim would have to travel to scammer's country to say it in the court, that is huge flaw in laws. Youtube should take this strictly because only they can do something as they control the platform
Unreal! The truth is scary but I've got my guard up higher now. Thanks Jim and glad you got restored.
the other jim browning has gained 1000 subscribers
Jim, do you always record your PC activity? In case something like this happens?
Bhaha even the scambaiters arent safe from scams
Jim is a target.. damn -_-  Get em jim
Good thing you're back Jim! Don't fall for anymore scams I will not enable 2factor authentication
13:36 simple edit element on chrome. He edited an absence account figures
Thank you so much for this important (and well-documented) coverage! It's very much appreciated wothin the YT community as a whole
Jim, I saw an older lady buying giftcards at a store today (obvious scam as she was on the phone telling someone she will give the numbers when she is home). The manager and I tried to talk to her but nothing got through. She bought the cards and I just told her to please not give the numbers to whoever was on the phone. Is there any advice to help these people? It was a 65-75 year old lady who was frantic so i did not want to push too hard. She took out 6, $500 cards even though the cashier knew it was a scam too.
So much irony here it's rediculous.
https://youtube.com/channel/UColBr6IaDlaF2IDhwKAmRKQ
Shows that scams can happen to anyone. I almost lost my Steam account to a scammer. Please, pay attention to who is communicating with you, what their profile looks like, and be sure to double check their legitimacy.
13:40  its very hard to tell because generally youtubers dont disclose youtube adrevenue so idk which one did lol david dobrik did once but these view no. arent his lol
Email grammar is way off.
Temporary RIP of Spiffing Brit. He was another YouTube channel with about 1.5–3 million subscribers that got scammed with this scam.
What is the software Jim is using to call people from his PC?
bruh
wondered what happened
There is caution on the last of google forms , not to submit any passwords .  Google need to increase the font size of that
Scammer could be an employee of youtube.  Idk
the US supports a lot of these countries that are scamming americans as well as other people, When are our leaders  going to do something creative like stop the support until the leaders of India, Philippines, China, Nigeria, Turkey take action to stop them. Its become hard for me to trust anything anymore. Phone solicitors, Email, Text, even TV ads have become suspect. This not only hurts the public but the legitimate businesses out there that are trying to survive. Other experts like you mr. Browning have been able to locate these scammers centers so why can't our officials do it. God help us because our elected officials won't. Thanks for listening.
Some of your most valuable content right here. Thank you.
lengthy vid shows how a scammer got tech support scams :) , mainly just needed to use decent english
What pisses me off is the fact that some of these scammers are obviously highly intelligent and instead of wasting that intelligence on creating shitty scams to hurt others, they could be using that intelligence to create awesome stuff that might improve life on earth.
when the man himself is scammed you know the scammers were not ordinary
The Legend is BACK!!!!
I hope you didn't ask him to go and deep-six the Spiffing Brit...
This reminds me of what happened to me a month or so ago. Needs a little exposition but basically I've moved house a couple times in the last few years and updated my address a couple times in the last few month. A week after moving in  where I am now, I got my updated address submitted to the dmv, two days later I got a call saying there was a bench warrant issued for me not showing up for jury duty.... and I had just changed my address twice in the last two months!! Utter. Panic. Worst part is, they didn't call me on my cell phone, they called me at work!!!! My cell tells me if its a suspected scam, the work phone only has basic caller id and the number they were spoofing was for the federal court building in the state capitol!!!!!!! Not gonna lie, I was in full tears.
I’m glad you got your channel back Jim!
somehow he was a lot docile
I didn't have to resubscribe! It's still the way it is.
Jim Browning: I'm horrified and sorry that this happened to you. Too often the lesson people seem to get from watching channels like this is, *"THANK* *GOODNESS* *_I'M_* *NOT* *GULLIBLE* *LIKE* *_THOSE_* *PEOPLE.”* But, of course, what makes people fall for scams is not that they are “stupid”, it's that they are human. Thank you for being so open about being a victim of a scam. Maybe some good will come out of this mess if a few of us in your audience stop thinking we are too smart to be fooled.
The irony in all of this is that, in the end, the only person who can defeat Jim Browning is Jim Browning.
nO
Turkey has many script kiddie forums. It's very likely someone sold him a script/method that had good English.
"You think you can stop me just by killing me?"
the proper URL works now : )
The fact this guy was so dumb he completely disregarded the fact is profile picture was “tech support scams” and a cross through it.
You took a devastating situation, and turned it into an absolutely incredible video and lesson. 10/10 would like and subscribe again
Glad you got your channel back
They would have asked for the authentication code and typed it in before Jim.
Doing battle with scammers every day, you're bound to take a hit sooner or later. You're pretty lucky to have only received a smudge on your armor. It'll buff out! Onward and upward!
Glad your back
Where's Jim's channel? Options: Kidnapped by Russians, recruited by NSA, Chinese female spy seduced him, British MI6 hiring for consulting, "Aliens!" Jim: _"I was a moron!"_ 🤣 (No offense btw, just trying comedy here) 😁
So glad your channel and contents were fully restored. Thoroughly enjoy your channel and all your hard work. I hope you go on to better and brighter things. Many thanks. Best wishes.
I was really hoping you wouldn’t tell him when u realized it was a scam and see if you could counterattack the SOB.
Yeah some guy stole my steam acount by pretending to be a steam employee. Got me to give him a password reset code in my email
Thank you for this video. anyone can get scammed... very happy you recovered the channel.
Still says I'm subscribed, Jim. I wish I could subscribe even more. You deserve it. Could you maybe look into those robo texts that I get that are "offering capital for my business"? I block the numbers, but they just get another number and send the same thing again.
good you revealed a scheme
Welcome back king. We missed you!
Glad to have you back, Jim!
Love to see you back Jim ❤️
Pleasant Green warned people about this too
i had a similar thing happen with Amazon text massages some how a scammer got a text in with the official amazon text serves or at least trick my provider in to thinking it was official amazon it was sus its said "someone logged into your amazon account and tried to buy 5 eGift cars totaling $10,000" then i got a text from the ANZ bank saying" it is detected that you have a high-risk Amazon purchase pleas cancel it immediately (+ some bait support link)" it was obliviously a scam but to add on to that they did no research i dont have an account with ANZ🤣 still kinda scary they they got in to the official amazon text serves or tricked a provider into thinking its an official text and putting it right in with the true official amazon texts i have 2 factor log in and the scam text came up with the 2 factors texts. if have feeling if i did have an ANZ account that text would have shown up with official ANZ texts even they had the right bank i dont have $10,000 the payment would have bounced and my bank app notifies me about any transactions successful or not if someone did try to buy something via my account i would know about it straight away.
So you are telling me, a scammer scammer almost got scammed by a scammer?
That email looks fake. Hi with no username given
@Whoop!
Pov: you came from penguinz0
Yay you are back!!!
It's very true that coincidence is key in scams. My grandma was waiting for her tenants to e-transfer their rent and she got a text for the etransfer. Turns out it was a scam at the wrong place at the wrong time. They had full access to her account and took a few days to clean up the mess the scammers made.
Scammers are scum sucking trolls.
Hey Jim! Im from Turkey and this is honestly so horrible! Im happy you got your channel back and I can also say: Because Turkey took in a lot of Syrian refugees in the past because of wars, It is completely possible that he was actually Syrian. Good video as always!!
"I'm YouTube"
Why do people dislike such quality content?
Yeah, I had scammers that sent email from Apple.com domain. It's only when I started digging into the website that the link led to did I see suspicious domains in parts of the form. Nice try...
glad to see you back
Jim Browning, it took incredible courage and integrity to have published this account. Thank you for sharing an invaluable lesson. And thank God your content was restored.
Doing Gods work here. Bless and keep going!
#22 trending ✅
I'm so sorry that happen to you, I'm do glad your back and got your channel back ❤️
Welcome back Jim…. You have let many a commoner into the world of how scammers work from the inside. You still are teaching us with your recent situation, how even the worlds best can be taken by the right kind of manipulation or scam. Happy it was only a speed bump and I’m sure it will end up being worse them. As pissing off one of the greats at taking apart and exposing scam Centers cannot be good for business. Best wishes Jim, and , happy hunting….
Almost got scammed/phising when the hacker took control of my friend's Steam Account and suddenly asked me to do things on an "esports website" the site asked me to "login" to "Steam" and all. Things like that really let your guard down and its scary.
Jim has his IP. I wonder what revenge he's planning if any. All I can think of is the movie Taken
"but it does go to prove that anyone can be scammed if the circumstances are exactly right"  Nah, it doesn't prove that. It just proves that not even _you_ are safe against it. Proving that everyone can be scammed is an impossible feat, as we will never know everything.
I think there is a bot in this comment section.
didn't need to re-subscribe.
13:02 you probably shouldn't have spelt AdSense correctly, otherwise next phishing email he does may be even more and more convincing. Shouldn't have told him his mistake and just spelt it as adsense.
I don't click links on emails havent done so for like two decades now, i go to the official website and do what it asks from there manually instead. Just recently i got a text message about an hour after i got an e transfer saying my account was compromised and to click on a link and another for renting out my rooms i keep getting scams about people saying their daughters want to stay here and to text them my email, not sure what would be the end game with that one though.
Oh my..... So that person really did NOT have ANY idea about who you are!!!!!! Wowww :O I never imagined this :O
Can't believe he scammed you. Anyway man happy that you got alerted at the very moment. Want a revenge on him
What do we want? More Jim browning.. when do we want it? Noi!
I love you and your videos so much but I can’t help but think about the laugh the scammers must have had if they looked at your profile picture 😂😂😂 oh the irony
I wonder if this was a lucky hit by a scammer or if Jim was spearphished here.
they got you to make a blank channel and then they told you to do all of this being signed into the blank channel which can be seen top right of YouTube visible in these other signs of trickery: 1. 6:33 it says replace on your main channel, therefore meaning you would replace your main channel with the blank channel you were signed into at the time. this is just understanding the English and the accounts. you are signed into the blank channel(visible top right) and it says replace for the main channel - replacing the main with the blank. 2. 5:29 it says delete channel for the main channel which seems a bit sketchy as it says delete channel LOL. 3. 6:26 it says move channel and being signed into the blank channel you would be moving the blank channel into its place of the main channel ultimately replacing the main with the blank. 4. 5:06 if you look close to the middle it says: "YouTube channel being moved. This is the channel that will be moved". You don't want to move a blank channel over in place of the main channel. However busy you are you wouldn't rush over your livelihood. Even though I would've thought that he was a real employee, I would've realised and not deleted my channel and replace it with a blank.   glad you have your channel back, obviously.   Just pointing out how obvious it gets after moving from the emails and messages from the scammer.
Who’s ready for the revenge arc of the monga
Nope didn’t have to re subscribe , unless I’m watching the fake channel
Dude that is so ironic they got you good embarrassing
Taken down for being too based.
my youtube still has the original subscription to your account intact, no re-subscribe was necessary
Watching this video during vacation in… Mugla/Turkey.. was an interesting experience
Oh how the turns have tabled
Psyched Substance also had this happen to him. He describes a very similar experience.
The Spiffing Brit also deleted his channel through this scam. He had a few million subscribers as well.
I also didn't recognize 2SA, I recognize 2FA/MFA (2 factor or multi-factor). Guess is a non-native thing then. What an annoying scam, hurts even when it fails half way through.
Wow , those scammers are downweird..
Glad you're back Jim.  You've done so much for so many, thanks mate.
I guess I don't understand how a scambaiter got scammed
This scammer has zero danger sense. Scammer near succeeds at scamming, and they *continue* to speak to this guy on their details. What a bleeding idiot.
wow, this insane even u falled for it, one day i had that issue (somewhat) with my Steam, trust me we can talk black holes bout PCs n shit, only small note: not only building pcs for over 20 years now ;) but no one is saved from really anything but :D  I got this horrific; Ive being accedently reporting you'' problem on Steam, and i contacted that guy on discord and everything and i later made a Secreenshare to show my steam acc name there, all that crap for me dont want to do mutch shit on steam AAANDD being relatively drunk at that evening :P and just was listen to music and stuff but i managed to conact Steam Supp and got my acc back, he was a bad scammer witch was funny, nonnalezz ^.^ it was still very crappy move to get a damn Videocard because he shoed me his PC with didnt had a GPU: he later wanted 450 buckz (because he told me that that was my acc worth (witch really wasnt that far off ;) and selling my acc for his damn GPU (proberly) i dont know but oh man, good that u got your acc back bro :* oh and sorry for my bad enlish sometimes, im austrian >)
This seems like a large scale scam.
This is why I'm so worried about parents and less tech savvy family members
I am immune to this scam, for I do not check my email
I'm willing toi bet tht they helped you repair everything?
How high were you when you fell for this?
All I have to say is that you really have to hand it to blind prostitutes.    Sorry.  I’ll show myself out.
RIP Spiffing Brit. May that legend come back one day
Wow! That was quite something, I’m glad that you got your channel back, that must’ve been quite the nightmare  Just goes to show that even the best of people can get scammed
No real support from Google or YouTube would ever used Google Chat. They have their own internal communications they have that clearly differentiates from any publicly available service.  I once got a Google Photos message from an account that claimed that they were "YouTube" saying that my account was about to be terminated for inactivity to save space on their servers.
I appreciate that you made a video about yourself nearly getting scammed
“I only want $100 and then i’ll give you the way to recover your account.”  *5 seconds later*  “I’m youtube!”
Re-Subscribed WITH GRATITUDE to JIM.. (I do keep re-subscribing any number of times.. for HIM)
This Scammer have big ball for attacking their own hunter
well done jim 👀👍👍👍👍👍👍
So glad your back!! Scammers have no idea what is In store for them!!
awesome lesson to be learnt here ! thanks for this video Jim
Interesting.. not funny at all considering 80% of you tubers probably are not as inquisitive as you are .
glad your channel is un-deleted :)
Scammers try to scam me almost every single day, if not, every two to three days. I have a couple businesses, so I am a bigger target than the average joe. This has been happening for years (at least 6 years) and I have never been scammed. If I wasn't so busy with my businesses, I would definitely be a scambaiter since I get so many calls/emails from scammers so often.   Jim, I know how good you are, but I spotted the poor grammar and spelling right away when you didn't. The poor structure/formatting and the random capitalization gave it away. The real Google support doesn't make those rookie mistakes. You are still a thousand times better than me at baiting and busting scammers, so I will chalk this up to you being tired or distracted as the reason for overlooking the signs.  On a side note, I would like to learn from you so that I can be somewhat helpful in busting scambaiters. Since I get calls from scammers so often, I figure I might as well take advantage of those opportunities rather than simply pissing them off on the phone (which I love doing btw). I am really good at keeping them on the phone for a long, long time; however, I want to do more than just waste their time and piss them off. I want to actually help in getting them busted and shut down. I have a few ideas that can accelerate that process as well. If you teach me everything you know, I will not only make time to apply those skills, but I will share my ideas with you and the scambaiter community. Let me know if you are interested.
Welcome back Jim. Thank you for sharing your journey with us. This really  reinforces victims of scams are not stupid but just are simply people who  had a lapse in vigilance and we should all do our part to spread awareness to keep ahead of the game.
where's the "its a PRANK" part?  im confused...
So they scammer had you do the exact thing that real support had you do, except the channels were set backwards
Hello jim can u recover my gmail acct? It was stolen i tried everything ive watched on youtube but nothing worked. Thanks if you can
good to have you back Jim. so glad you are back. It is time for payback , please get them !
Im Filipino Mr. Jim Browning , because of you i learn a lot how to avoid those scammers. Thanks to you i know how to avoid it . BIG RESPECT SIR JIM !
There's no way
Imagine trying to hijacking a master at finding and exposing Scammers!
Omg. It's alarming even you got bamboozled by scammers.
This also happened to @PsychedSubstance 😭
Great info...sorry this happened to you.
The irony that the form is still up  jT3YERagB9hfoTeUA  Can we start a army of spammers to flood the form?
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
The other Jim Browning channel now has 1.22K subscribers 😂
they’re trying to attack their biggest obstacle
I've moved my channels to Brand accounts a few times, but they always did move Subscribers and Videos... But, when I saw your channel with 0 Videos I freaked out...
Come on man. Even looking at the first email, the punctuation is way off lol. You'd know right away if it was a scam. Usually, profesional emails are on point with spelling, grammar, punctuation, etc.
Rip spiffing brit
He got thespiffingbrit taken down as well, it’s not back up yet  Edit- His channel is back and he made a video about the whole ordeal, glad he’s back
I live in saudi Arabia huge fan ur cha5 and i think hes right hes Syrian and living in turkey bec my dad visited Turkey n he said there where many Syrians living in turkey
Jim, have you ever ended up in court over what you do? I think it would be hard for a judge to justify you getting a criminal record but we have laws and I'd just love to know
It’s kinda weird because you  just moved the channel to a different account and it should be accessible from there not sure how it got deleted
@JimBrowning glad to see you back! Thank you for this video and explaining how even you could be tricked. I have so much LOVE ❤️ and RESPECT ✊🏻 for what you do! You and @ScammerPayback DO make a difference! Keep on keeping on 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
Glad they restored your account! Keep being you Jim <3
Morale: don't trust anyone.  They wanna take down my account they are gonna have to do it themselves.  If they do it, then it must have been in violation. If not then well they could not have done so to begin with then.  Really?  Were you drunk when you were going through this? 'cause they should not have to contact you and make you do the work to delete your own channel.  I mean honestly. SMH. 's why I don't respond to anyone that involves me as the subject of something - whether I "won" a million dollars, or I am "violating policy." If they wana "take me down" they are gonna have to do ALL the work.  I just make sure I have backups.
I love the IP address grab link part!! This made me laugh so hard!
Good to see you back Jim!!!!
Good to have you back Jim! Keep fighting the good fight mate! We are all behind you. I'm about to go to Patreon to support you.
How much spam do you get on a rather successful channel like this one?
2.5 million dollars in the bank   Only wants $100 dollars.
If Jim got scammed, I’m SCREWED!
Shit happens. I'm just happy you're back.
Just checked and that other Jim Browning did actually get a huge boost in subscribers xD  Great story. This proves that being scammed can even happen to the best.  Honestly I'm quite surprised that this scammer actually managed to get this far and also was able to do some serious damage to the channel.   I wonder if the scammer will also watch this video.  Just wondering, but Jim, are you trying to get that last part recovered as well? Or is it a lost cause? Maybe the other Jim might be willing to cooperate and help you get the link back to you as well.
Can we take a moment to appreciate that this screenshot was taken at exactly 3'300'000 subs?
I swear I've seen that screenshot before in a video too. I feel like it was someone trying to explain how content creators earn their money, the two (very different)  people that stick out in my mind are Charlie (penguinz0/moistcr1tical)  and Tom Scott.  I know Charlie has tried to explain similar things before, and Tom is always explaining how things work, and he's made multiple videos specifically about youtube. Although all the stats are listed as "less than usual" and that seems to make sense if a scammer has the account they wouldn't be uploading new content for new viewers etc.
So...when does the revenge arc begin?
this scammer admitting he owns 13 stolen channels is like someone admitting they own 13 stolen original picasso paintings. not only will those channels not make revenue, the owners likely made new channels or reported being hacked, AND revenue is paid through the channel owners bank/paypal. so even if a scammer owns the channel the rightful owner would still be the one getting paid.
Omg so glad you're back
Well as you say Jim, Anyone can be taken down by a scammer. You are right about coincedences to. I received a phone call from NBN.com   telling me that my new internet connection was ready to go and i just needed to pay the installation fee. This was the day after I had signed on the dotted line for a new connection to be installed.  I realised it was a scam when they asked me for my provider and my account number !Thats when I realised it was a scam. It doesn't help when our biggest telco and internet provider uses call centres based in india. Great to see you back..
LOL; someone that exposes scammers gets scammed..... lol
may my jim wanted this to happen so he can make a video out of it 🤔🙄. I'm suspicious of everyone
Samsung A50? Yeah, you're making bank🤣😅
This is proof that nobody is immune to scams. Glad to see you back, stay safe everyone.
Dude.  Nobody is perfect.  You got the channel back.
My husband and I are devastated to hear this! Do you have copies of your videos saved?
Glad to see your channel back, Jim. I hope Google are looking at their own security!
Its getting harder and harder to tell whats legit and what isn't. Scary stuff. Thank you for your honesty and letting us know what happened. I'm sure this will help other folks.
Heard about this from muta.
Still subscribed and receiving notifications!
"I want $100, but also I stole a YT channel that makes $16,000 a month" 🤣
You’re back
I bet you the scammer is so proud of himself rn cuz he managed to scam Jim lol
Glad you're back.
Glad you are back Jim! Now, got some revenge!
Welcome back King
they getting closer bro
Sorry bro but congrats on getting it back mate
Welcome back!
3:33 "The scammer used perfect English". Ah yes, responding "certainly" to "Yes, a PC" is perfect English..
Jim.  Noooooooo! I go to you for funny content on screwing over the scammers..not to watch you get screwed with..   I wonder if they had planned this or was it a random hit..
DUDE YOU ARE BACK! I heard about what happened from SomeOrdinaryGamer but I am happy that you are able to tell the story yourself, you mad lad! But that shows that scams and such get more and more sophisticated, to the points were even experts fall for them.  Reminds me a bit of Emotet tbh, that thing was also sophisticated enough.
The biter bitten, eh?  Glad you've got it all sorted out, Jim.
The Quartering is so annoying, I can't watch him anymore.
Omg I know you’ve probably heard this 1000 times now but I’m so glad you got your channel back man. Cheers
Hello Jim please reach back to me, my wife's phone has been hacked and it's making our lives miserable, they are taking money and controlling so much please reach back. Thank you.
Sir, I love your content and actions. I guess the default position must be now to distrust any incoming communication- to check its veracity by an independent enquiry to the supposed communicant. Assume any incoming communication is malicious until proven otherwise. That really does have to be the default position in this day and age. Sad, but true.
Im Turkish and Turkey has a lot of refugees and most of them are from Syria. Idk why the scammer wanted $100 but i guess its for rent because $100 is 800 TL which is more or less monthly rent for a flat.
The fact that you can put your ego aside to talk about this and warn others must be so enraging for the scammers.
He got psyched substance. 2.4 mil followers. I'm pretty sure he got more too. I don't think he was bluffing.
wow still subscribed glad your back
glad your back, youtube is almost as dumb as the scammers.
This is wild. If Jim can fall victim to a scam, anyone can. Turn your 2FA on, keep your passwords randomized, and use a VPN.
No one is safe!!
I was the person who scammed the mighty Jim. Keep an eye on my channel for a video explaining how I did this
Scammer when he perfected his grammar and links: kalm  Scammer when he messed up the link: panik
I had a similar experience once with Amazon, I was pretty young and placed an order on my parents card without telling them, the next day I got an email saying there was an issue with my card I needed to resolve.  Got sent to a form with a login page, entered my information, then it asked me for my address. What tipped me off is the fact that my country literally wasn't on the list of countries, then I realized parts of the form were just images when they shouldn't have been. Immediately went to the real Amazon and changed my password, the timing on it was perfect.
Welcome back Jim.
Bruh nice try Budda
I gotta say, Jim, it looks to me that the scammers are getting wise to all of the Anti-Scammers out there.  They must have gotten together and planned this whole thing.  Damn!  That means they're getting smarter.
A scammer managed to trick Jim Browning into deleting his YouTube channel. So the scammers have chosen.... Death!
Dude, you're such a boss. Glad you're back. Hopefully you and maybe some other fellow scam batters can track this scammer down get some sweet revenge.
Since I am not native English, I have great problems understanding the settings on Google / Youtube. That's why I leave everything as it is.  I could hardly tell a scam apart from a real Google message, so I better delete messages and dont follow links.
I don't feel quite as bad at having been taken in by a council tax rebanding scam. If Jim can be taken in for a while, anyone can.
youre awesome Jim ;) even tho it might not be ur real name huehue Never give in to the scammers!
Mr Jim you are very wise I just wish you had catch it a little before but in my opinion you did outstanding!
Hey Jim, it's possible that the screenshot comes from YouTube videos directed towards improving statistics. Alpha Gaming for example may use screenshots like this. Just a thought.
how ironic is that?
commenting for traction
✝️🇺🇸
As a budding  YouTube  creator,  this is amazing  information.  I'll definitely  share this to my page and groups, but may I have permission  to post this to my YouTube channel  as well? Of course  giving you all the credit.   Thanks so much...
I’m trying to scam scammers by sending a trust deposit lol
lol
Scambaiter gets scammed
Scammers are getting good. I fell for one just a few days ago where the scammer steals Steam accounts by messaging you from a hacked friend's account, asking you to "vote for their team" on this esports gaming site, or that they need a 5th player for their team. They take over your account and even take over the two-step verification.
Good watch
VPN are kind of limited in both turkey and China which explains why the scammer couldn't hide his location. I hope this is enough proof to get him arrested.
So that's why we don't wanna take refugees from syria into Turkey.
that thumbnail emoji is nightmare fuel
Let me guess inappropriate content,copyright infringement,copyright violations,monetizations,inappropriate videos
Anyone can get scammed, this is scary.
#10 on trending!!!! Yes lads let's goooooo
the red flag was, "We are waiting for your reply." please my friend I am waiting for your reply
Thank you for the warning, Jim.
Everyone gangsta til the scammers start scamming the scam exposers
Sorry Jim this has happened to you. but i would like to thank you for showing what to look for really appreciate that.
Imagine trying to scam someone who catches scammers
I'm sorry to see you went through all this.I'm really glad to see your channel is back!! I wish you all the best!  and THANK YOU for giving those nasty scammers a hard way to go!!
shame that this happened.. but i'm glad you're back!
Looks like a person that find scammer is actually a idiot and proven that he easy to scam
Dang. That email has a lot of tells to me. Glad you got it back
Spiffing Brit also had his channel deleted, seemingly in this way.
They really need to hunt down and prosecute these people…financially ruin them, and their ability to earn for at least 5 years…by putting them in Jail for those 5 years.   Right now there is little deterrence…this needs to be a Global effort, and those Countries not signing on should have strong sanctions applied against them.
I'm glad your back
Oh Jim, Jim, Jim,....... I noticed you went missing as I searched for your channel to show others about scammers and the way they work, I eventualy figured you had enough and decided to retire for a quiet life then I heard on twitter that you were scammed. "WHAT" ... our Jim Browning .... the victim of a scammer,  sadly it was correct but it just goes to show that no one is infallible. But I do say it would help if the likes of google stopped hiding behind forms and emails and actually started speaking to people directly on the phone or by webchats, they do seem to have lost touch with their customer base.... Welcome back Jim, its good to see you once again xx
I've received emails from ' paypal'  stating that my account had suspicious activity and would be suspended if I didn't contact them immediately.I hit the spam button.   I have notifications set up on my paypal account and I hadn't received any from them so I knew this must be fake  and it was.
Cool! The old Outro music is back
For the type of content you're creating on this channel, Your channel should get official Youtube logo and never be deleted..
Looks like I didn't have to re-subscribe: I'm apparently still on, and even better, I received an alert about the posting on this same video... Anyway, carry on with your amazing job, Jim. Everytime I get a phone call  or msg from an Indian or West African call center, I think of you...
That other jim browning gets a shout out by the legend 😎
This is a terrible thing that happened, but I can't help but chuckle at the fact that the scam defeater himself got scammed.
I ended falling for something scam-adjacent just because I was trying to do things on my phone. The tiny screen makes it much harder to check domains and hides a lot of the imperfections you might otherwise see. I know I'll be more careful on my phone from now on.
521 downvotes....521 mad scammers
Yay, glad to hear you came through it.
I'm glad you got it back man, I was a bit worried that youtube would just tell you something stupid like that it couldn't be recovered
I think some VPNs have Turkish server
Wow if it happened to you I need to be double aware.
shit happens in life o_O  now you know atleast how to avoid such stuff :D   and yeah, nice to see you back of course :D
I am YOUTUBE!
13:35 can be inspect element
My heart was RACING during all of this. More so than your regular content. This just goes to show that anyone can be duped if a scammer is convincing enough and the situation is just right. Very glad to see your channel wasn't permanently devastated by this guy. Super scary stuff! Keep up the good work Jim. You are truly a hero to many! ^_^
Anti tech support scammer gets scammed by tech support, shows how convincing they can be
This may be controversial, but I think Google is almost entirely responsible for this. They are allowing themselves to be easily impersonated, their instructions were unclear, their spam filter didn’t catch an email like this (tho it looks like that may not be applicable because you’re not on gmail), they likely don’t make it clear what email addresses they actually use for support, and it looks like they took far too long to reinstate your channel.   Obviously the people running these scams are actually culpable. But it’s totally unacceptable in my opinion that a 1.8 trillion dollar company has all these holes in security. More generally, large companies should not be able to push security responsibility onto individual users. That’s like Coca-Cola blaming people’s lack of exercise for obesity when their drinks have 60g of sugar. We’re the hecking customers, Google is supposed to work for us. I would defer to others on the topic of authentication keys and biometrics, but tldr the era of passwords should be over. Whether or not I get scammed should not be a factor of how smart (or attentive or tech savvy) I am; human error shouldn’t even be a factor when Google employs the smartest people in the world and the best AI we’ve ever seen. This feels ranty, but it just doesn’t make sense that the human error of regular people is the deciding factor when we’re supposed to have trillion dollar companies on our side.
First.  I bet they were having a massive party in India and are still probably suffering the hangovers. lol. Second. I used to perform magic and anyone can be scammed at any time.  You showed a lot of what a magician uses. Like..... Misdirection. You admit that you were somewhat distracted False explanations.  It always looks convincing. As you said it was all completely plausible until you finally looked at the chat link.  For me it would be me using patter. Telling someone how the trick works while telling them nothing about what really is going on.  The big reveal. Ok, so your guy didn't do that but he did revel in telling you about his scamming success.  I would love to figure out a way to catch this guy and set him up also. it could be fun. Payback, as they say, is a b*tch
Ended up staying for the whole ride even though I clicked out of a quick curiosity. Good job! Good content! (also I know I've already watched from you before lol)
That's crazy
thank god his channel wasn't completely deleted,he is a cool guy, and makes my day better
Watching this it seemed pretty damn obvious you were replacing your actual channel with the new blank one. Not sure how you missed that, even if they had the same name. If I saw my actual channel with the subscribers on it, with the option ‘Delete Channel’ under it, I would cancel right away.
Awwww, I like to see you tubers collaborating and being friendly!
I’m gonna be honest. “Your channel will be suspended permenantly” with no reason given as to why such drastic action would need to be taken is incredibly sketchy.
Dang, if you can get scammed, then anyone can.
I doubt you'll see this among the ten's of thousands of other comments.  That was a very scary video to watch, thinking all that work was gone, just like that.  I'm glad to see you got your channel back. You handled yourself well with that scammer (keeping your cool, especially when you caught onto him).  You called his bluffs and scared him off.  Well done!  Be careful out there being the internet hero we need!
Wow, i actually lost my channel few years ago... I used strikes to delete it and dont let scammer have it. Is there any way i can restore my channel now? It wasnt big, but it had 10 millions of views and 60k subscribers.
HÉ HAS RETURNED
They are many Syrian refugees in turky snd they are smart , welcome back
Wow😮
Jim : You cannot defeat me  phone scammers: i know, but he can  youtube scammer:
The issue with from line aliases is that you can pick any email address as an alias even if it's being used by someone on that service.  I think I've gotten quite a few of those with my email as an alias. ("How did I send my self spam/scam emails?") lol It's kinda dumb since I can sometimes see what the actual email is.  I'm starting to feel like those emails are from line alias spam mail and not from me being hacked and sending myself those kinds of mail.  I agree no one should be able to set an alias as an email address from official means. (The company themselves)
Should send the IP to the Turkish secret police and tell them he's been badmouthing the Turkish government... they get really really upset about that and they have all those fine Turkish prisons just waiting to stick a fresh young lad into the abyss as its against the law to say even mild criticism of the Turkish government... six months in a Turkish nick and never having the ability to hear ones own farts ever again might cure said lad of further naughty no no's ;)
F
We have tones and tones of Syrians in Turkey and well, they are not the most honest people to say the least. I'm shocked by his "almost perfect" English nonetheless. Glad to see you back!
I mourn for The Spiffing Brit
and can scare it out of me, never trust your popular email. i have 3 :v
Man, that “Hi” followed by no name or account name immediately triggered my alarms. Still, it’s valuable to see that even the smartest among us can be tricked with a little help from coincidence
I"m so sorry my friend! WE are all still with you!!!
So sorry this happened to u Jim.  Glad u recovered.  Continue the great work you do.
The Scammer when he tricked you: I used Jim Browning to destroy Jim Browning
Damn it the scammer gets scammed then Jim gets scammed WTF?
your ability to flip a potentially disastrous event into an educational tool is what makes you one of the best ytbrs fighting scams, thanks Jim!
i'm a security engineer and i must admit, this is pretty well crafted spear phish. well done scammer!
They try get rid of the GOAT? Think again
I want to do a celebration video for hitting 100 s,u,b,s of me doing 100 pushups & 100 pullups in 5 minutes the only thing stoping me is that I only have 96 I need 4 more
What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger
The outro was fire! 20:45
So happy your back 🙌🏻
this is why I never look at my emails ha
its like endgame all over again
My Instagram got hacked, I have control of the account now supposedly, like I’ve changed password and enabled 2 step authentication but I still can’t log in. And there’s literally no way to contact them. I went thought Facebook via their business chat but they won’t touch my Instagram I guess cuz I’m not rich and famous. SMH
youtube really needs to fix this system its a joke.  the fact that someone who looks at phishing links all day still couldnt differentiate is telling that this scam isnt obvious enough until you delete your own channel which at that point the damage to you is done regardless of if the scammer gets your account or it gets deleted the loss is still the same for you. imagine all the people  who have no experience with phishing links being scammed by people like this guy and trust me he isn't the only one knowing how to operate this scam
اقراها ..ثم ارسلها في جميع المقاطع التي تشاهدها ..راح تروح وتنساها ..لكن ستفاجئك يوم الدين بكثرة حسناتها 1-سبحان الله (3) 2-الحمدلله (3) 3-لا اله الا الله (3) 4-الله اكبر (3) 5-استغفر الله (3) 6-لا حول ولا قوة الا بالله (3) 7-سبحان الله وبحمده عدد خلقه ورضا نفسه وزنة عرشه ومداد كلماته (3) 8-اللهم صل على محمد وعلى آل محمد كما صليت على ابراهيم وعلى آل ابراهيم، انك حميد مجيد، اللهم بارك على محمد وعلى آل محمد كما باركت على ابراهيم وعلى آل ابراهيم انك حميد مجيد  اللهم اجعلها صدقة جارية لي ولوالديّ وجميع المسلمين والمسلمات الاحياء منهم والاموات
If he IS gaining lots of money thru this, the reason he'd still continue could well be the funding of state or non-state entities, i.e., terrorists or bad-actor governments.
The scam catcher gets scammed
"#8 ON TRENDING" nice. We need Jim for this world to be balanced.
Proves that anyone can be scammed, even people who are fully aware that there are scammers. Im guessing The Scammers are taking revenge
I'm glad you are back you do a lot of good work.
The mighty Jim gets scammed . Wow .   Unbelievable Jim .   Nailed him now
I'm finding an increase in the number of dubious emails on my old Yahoo account that i set up on day one. Making the service almost useless.
The legend is back
I've seen plenty of emails like that in the recent past. Fortunately for me, my general attitude to emails of that nature is "figure it out, I'm not getting paid to do it," so I've never had any issues.
Sorry to hear about this Jim and glad you were able to restore your account. Thank you for helping us let's expose these scammers and shut them down. Jeremy Downunder
real youtube support would have never contacted you through a google chat email… that was the first major red flag
Incredible Jim! You are an inspiration to everyone and one of the great mentors.  Thank you for the help and knowledge to make us more aware of these DRS.  ;-)
How do we know this is the real Jim? Oh yeah, cause you're an outstanding gentleman.
Very similar story with the GSMArena Channel. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpjarT8PYUg
Is it possible that he really is a YouTube insider is doing this? Or has been? Given the genuine addresses etc? Whoever it is, he's a total dick.
Are you kidding me how dare they attack the great spiffing!!!
Man I was scared for a minute and glad to see that you’re alright now can’t have someone like you gone.
Did you share those info with Turkish authorities? Here is not like India, most probably police would catch him. Because I saw in some live broadcasts, Turkish police show up immediately when something going wrong in the live broadcasts.
SO HAPPY you were able to restore your channel. I'm sorry and wiser because this happened to YOU, the OG of scam baiters. Bought whistles for myself and my sister to use when the scammers call us! SO MUCH FUN!!!
I'm Youtube!
Turkey is home to a very large number of Syrian refugees, they have little means to make money and south west turkey would be near where many refugees are being housed.  Geopolitically this is a symptom of a larger problem and one likely set to escalate especially if he is actually finding success.  There are quite a few educated, and hardworking Syrian refugees who may not have a chance to get a proper job considering the state of the Turkish economy, and may soon turn to other means of generating an income this is perhaps in hind sight unsurprising.
Finally, a worthy opponent!
WTF
Mate i've been making videos for 6 years on this channel and it took AGES to get to 1k. If someone managed to take that away i'd probably kill myself due to how much of my life i've put into it. I can't imagine how you feel with 3.5mil subs and WAY more videos. I feel for you and anyone who falls victim to this shit :(
If you fell for it, many other channels fell for it for sure. There probably are many stolen channels. This might sound stupid, but... I think 2 channel of these are "Friendlybaron" and "gamingsins" , if anyone has any info about what happened to those channels pls reply me
Jim has spent literally thousands of hours fighting scammers. I’m glad he’s not too proud to admit he can also fall victim. This is a really important video. Also love he immediately went on the offensive to track down the scammer once he realised what was going on.
It only takes a moment of inattention, you click on the wrong thing. I tell people this all the time. I'm sort of glad this happened to you as it's turned into a learning experience for all of us, YouTube included. Jim, do you think these scammers are getting more sophisticated ? as this would have definitely caught me out
Well that had me scared for a bit. I’m pretty relieved because I just started watching your channel
i would have thought that you were purposely targeted because of what you do with your channel. like a call center wanted revenge or something. but it seems that you were targeted because of the size of your channel. with your skills, you still were able to get your channel back, collect data, and make a great video. so even though you got scammed you still won. absolutely amazing!
Much love, glad you're back.  You are an amazing person who does great work.
A dude from Syria made you erase your own channel. Lmao.
Scammers strike back.
the honesty
Scammed by Mr YouTube himself
This is scares me. If it can happen to you.
We'll continue to support you ❤don't you worry. Take yer time ans get back to your usual self.  UK 🇬🇧 xxx
Despite what the real official YouTube (or apple or facebook or any other social media giant) says, *NOTHING* gets really deleted from their servers; they can *ALWAYS* (if they want as in a FBI search warrant) get the contents back because "deleting" means always "remove from user reach"; nice to see they moved the 'deleted' contents back to reach
https://youtube.com/channel/UCdu67Vny6CTb0piyL3RwpYQ
Maybe you should have been suspicious someone from Google/YouTube was being so helpful?
Justice  hacker  was  hacked by a villain hacker. Villain hacker almost convinced  a justice fighter to become a villain hacker.   What a story!    It must have been embarrassing .  Tho thank you for showing this.  Whish you all the best.
thanks jim for making the internet more interesting
Respect Yourtube reinstate google
If you ever feel like an idiot for falling for a scam, this is a reminder that just about anyone, even people who are usually tuned in to scams, can fall for one.
Here's an idea  Destroy the scammer's computers with a virus. Preferably that creepy one
Yea, HAHAHA. FU I run the internet. I will take your channel down again if you piss me off.
Jim: There we no spelling mistakes. Me: Well Behaviour was misspelt.
10:17 aww. Bromance
That screen shot is close to spiffing brit channel size/views
😳
The biggest schemer is watching  beware, the censorship is unreal.
Thank the heavens, scammers are human trash.
WELCOME BACK!
Man if Jim can get scammed,  what hope have i got :(
Wait.. You seriously fell for that? Unsubscribing. LOL
Lol Jim got scammed
I am sure this scammer got a good bonus to his salary that day 😂
Yes it back :)
Welcome back.  I will admit that it is kinda funny
Proof that no matter how good you are, there is always a chance that this can happen. You are a scholar and a gentleman. I respect how humble you are sir. I will never stop loving the content you provide. Keep the course!
WOOO JIM'S BACK BAYBEE!!!
Scammers have evolved we are basically screwed if every scammer looks like a normal official email.
"If you're a creator on YouTube, this is an absolute essential" - I would have dropped the first part from that statement. 2-step authentication, multi-factor authentication, etc. is an absolute must regardless. Ideally using a password manager (e.g.1password) so you're not locked out if your phone breaks or other device breaks.
The scammer really said “If you can’t beat them join them :)”
i think the screenshot is from dream can't really remember if it was his video or some other guy talking about his history
You sir are an absolute legend
I don't understand why you said they spoofed the google.com domain in the initial email. It was just a google chat notification, so of course it comes from Google.
Now I want to know if the scammer knew who you are
Glad you're back and thanks for sharing your experience
Wow watched the whole video. Thank you.
A similar thing happened to scrap man a while ago
when da hacker gets hakked.
I learnt about this from a meme
Me watching this video on a galaxy a50: Am I that scammer?
he has returned. but even stronger.  jim browning the sequel: oh you've challenged me mr. scammer?
even Jim Browning has its own lacking point of carefulness but yeah, glad to see you back Jim
I am so sorry this happened to you! Its stupid and should not of happened. I'm glad you got your YouTube account back. Atleast I can still watch you're videos which are amazing ! :)
Glad you got your channel back
I'm looking forward to the revenge arc ! 😁
The  man's back
Glad to see you back man!
It seems to me like an attempt at revenge, certainly planned. Since your channel was dealing with catching and exposing fraudsters - they tried to get rid of you.
Two step authentication while annoying is becoming a necessity in this world with scammers swarming like a cloud of locusts
I hope you get em all Jim!
Congrats on recovering your channel
Glad you didn't lose anything!
This was actually very educational for me. I consider myself highly competent when it coms to sniffing out a scam but this might have gotten me too. I will be more cautious. Thank you for work.
I fell for a scam regarding my iCloud account with Apple due to some coincidence. I was having trouble getting into my account and happened to receive an email from "Apple" a few days after. Only after putting in my credit card details did a co-worker point out that it was fishy, and I had realized the website was super sketchy. Immediately called my bank after that. The timing of the account issue and email were just too close for me to think otherwise :/
I'm unfamiliar with Google Chat. Does that e-mail have to have come from unauthorized access, or could it be a legitimate message from Google about a message that the user missed in Google Chat while they were away?
I hope you never fell for M.C.N too
I've become so worried about scams that I researched and almost reported a Microsoft email because one letter was accidentally left lowercase.
So this was sent to lots of channels
Happens to the best of us, right Jim?
Dislikes are from those Chutiyas!
OMG I LIVE IN MUGLA TURKEY. I WENT CRAZY WHEN I SAW THAT, HOLY F...
Actually pretty great. A scammer made you delete a catch the scammer channel!! Fucking brilliant as you say.
The like ratio on this post makes me happy
Thank you Christopher :-)
The other channel that guy hit was...The spiffing Brit...shame
Fascinating!
18:46 holy shit that's pretty funny, what if the guy is an ex-youtube guy gone rogue
Big fan!
i remember getting free robux scammed on roblox not because i wanted robux, but to test if it actually happened, and i thought they just changed the password and gave me free bc for a month then i realised he took all of the rare items my bro used to own
Who needs MacAfee when you got this guy?
17:16 so the real scumbags at the end of the day were youtube themselves huh?
Jim mate you're a wee legend.
I’m a millionaire but just want $100 ... glad your up and running again Jim.., your a prized target ... beware any comms from the likes YT.. I suggest your use more than just YT as your main channel .. YT are a leviathan..
Jim: I’d like to interview you for my channel Scammer: I wonder what kind of videos he makes, I’ll see if I can find any of them… oh, right.
Lolol crazy story g
I love this scammer bro, he's literally like a nice cartoon villain, "ah dang you've defeated me, well, you need some help with that, 100 bucks!... no? ok fine you should contact real youtube and try to get their help"
I appreciate you walking through this. Others might have felt embarrassed and chosen not to explain the situation. I am glad you humbly chose to use it as way to educate everyone further.
I was waiting for jim to say ”and thats how i got his ip”
Jim you are a legend. Welcome back
12 on trending! Good job 👏
Glad to see you back jimbo, resubbed FYI. I hope "TheSpiffingBrit" manages to get his account back too. Best wishes.
10:11 bro shoutout to that guy, "so from 1-10, how good was my scam and could you give me some pointers here?" my man's on the grind
Thank you for walking us through with this so that other people won't fall into the same scam!
Great to see the channel back in all its glory.  It's one of the channels I look for every evening and I really enjoy its content.  I agree with other comments that this highlights that anyone can fall foul of a scam and we really need to be vigilant and educate people about what goes on.  It is channels, such as this, that have helped me avoid being scammed in recent months (a Virgin Media and Amazon scam attempt) and they were so convincing.  So thanks Jim and I look forward to watching more of your wonderful vlogs :)
Good more channels need to be deleted
Looks like my subscription status is intact. I do not need to resubscribe.
Really respect your honesty bro
Google needs to take responsibility for this scam, as it all happens in their control... Google Chat, Youtube and Google Forms.  I was shocked that Jim could have fallen victim to such a scam... but it was sent from Google! As soon as it was clear it wasn't spoofed (i.e. from Google IP) the scammer has full attention and trust of the victim.   Why does Google allow someone to use google.com domain?  Why can someone register with "youtube" as a chat alias? Simple word filter!  Why can people create forms asking for peoples passwords? It is always going to be a scam.   I hope Google/Youtube takes action on the above points. Not everyone may have 2SA enabled and it may still leave you locked out even if the scammer cannot get in. I was really confused about the transfer meaning channel deletion, that seemed a bit strange also. I am glad Jim is back... I was away from Youtube for a week, and saw this video worried that the content was gone.
My job involves picking up the pieces after something like this happens and while I can asssure you that many companies hate this kind of stuff and (My employer, at least) has taken every step possible to make these kinds of scams as hard as possible to actually pull off and are still looking for ways to improve...it really all comes down to the end user.   No matter what we do, no matter how many restrictions we put in place and the number of people we hire to help us reverse engineer these scams to plug the holes we cannot stop you from giving your login information to another person, so keep that in mind.
You're amazing man! Glad your chanel is still here
"No legitimate team asks for passwords"   Support techs from Evolve IP out of PA ask for passwords all the time. Even after I asked them to add a note not to do that, they would do that whenever they needed access to our accounts on their systems, generally for testing.  So it's not *quite* a hard-and-fast rule that real teams don't ask for passwords. *Competent* teams do not ask for passwords
Love ur videos 🇮🇳
Return of the king
This is why I never click links in emails I always read the email if it looks official then I normally just call the company(normally microsoft) and go though the official channels it's the only reason I'm glad I'm to paranoid
Spiffing brit fell for this scam
well i  am glad u have your yt channel back idk how i would have felt if i lost something like that
In that email I see a request for you to click on something, that should have been your first clue it was a scam. I learned a long time ago that emails prompting you to click on a link is how scammers do it. NEVER CLICK ON A LINK EVEN IF YOU THINK IT IS LEGIT. If you needed to contact google you contact them DIRECTLY independent of the email. I cannot be scammed and that is not because I am some special genius. I understand two things common to all scams. First they do not do things normally. Second they prompt you to send money. Those two things are always present in scams. My brother recorded a conversation he recently had with a real estate scammer saying they were interested in buying the property. So he asked what they are offering for it. They did not give a number. That was right off the top a big clue. Then they start asking for details about the property like how many bathrooms and I was thinking this is obviously a scam because if someone were really interested in buying the property they would already know all that. Then when he asked again what they are offering they still gave no number. So clearly there was nothing legitimate about this. Then there is the posting of free stuff on Craigslist. There was a post of something for free, the he contacted them asking the address so he can come and get it, then they ask for a photo of his ID. There is NO REASON for someone giving away something for free to ask for a photo of your ID. I think this was an identity theft scam. Scams are obvious because they do not do things normally.  If anything looks like it is not normal in any way it is a scam.
actually he stole the the spiffing brit account
Look at me. Look at me.   I am YouTube now.
Great to see you’ve got it sorted Jim, we all live and learn, every day.
My man Jim trending right now 💯🤣
Honestly man, the best thing to do is call the company (youtube or whoever) back and ask them about it. For the guy you have the rep of being, I honestly can't believe you fell for that. If I got a call or email from "my bank", I would call them on their proper number and enquire about it. I don't believe you are that naive. I'm confused.
You know what, fair play for fessing up. Not many in your "Field" would own up to falling for this. Big Kudos, and keep up the good work. I've been watching since the very early days and love your content. <3
I was just thinking about you the other day. Glad you're back!
Glad you got it back 🙋‍♂️🍁✌
Glad you got it back 🙋‍♂️🍁✌
The legend is back
If you can be scammed just proves that anybody can.
9:43 "I'm a real person from YouTube!" *literally held his channel for a $100 ransom less than 3 minutes ago*
you’re only human anyone can make mistakes
Glad you weathered the storm Jim. Welcome back!
REALLY happy you're back.....   Now its time to crush some people harder for payback. 😉👍
This just goes to show that at the end of the day, it's night.
Why couldn't these assholes target someone who truly deserves it, like Ricegum or Keemstar
Even Superman suffered a temporary defeat and came back stronger than ever.  You are our Superman.
I know this must have been painful, scary, and made you very pissed off but with all that said you have given us another example of just how good a scammer can be. Thank you for being honest with telling us your mistake, I had a car run me over at age 17 because of one 2 second mistake, and being I was a licensed mechanic it made it even worse, I know how hard it is to admit fault. I am very happy you were able to get your channel back, some bumps and bruises but your back!! :)
Your a hero Jim what you do is gods work.
Bloody hell, this is why I don't do emails. Bypass all that shit and go straight to source, don't reply or answer the phone... contact them directly. Saved my ass when they tried to pull an ATO scam on me.
The screen shot is from triggered insaan’s channel, hes a popular youtuber in India, hes using a vpn and lying to you, hes not from syriya or turkey, most probably india
Finally, the REAL Jim browning gets to shine!
Ironic, A person who destroys and exposes scammers gets scammed himself
2SA/2FA is something everyone should enable on any app/site that allows it. I know it won't stop everyone from getting hacked but it can definitely protect a lot more people that fall for the form.
That was a real notification email from Google about a missed chat, not a spoof. Just as when someone posts on your Facebook wall, the notification email will come from Facebook.
You and the channels like yours have saved me from being scammed a couple of times so thank you very much and keep up the work
Thick af
Idk why but Jim typing "hehehe" looks hilariously out of character
If the man known for annihilating scammers just got scammed then there's no hope for us normies, ggs y'all.
The almighty Jim browning was just taking in new info he will destroy them dirty fishies and save the world again 😋😋😋😋
It's shocking how good some of these scammers are able to get into the right place at the right time. Someone I know's work was in the middle of a huge deal with a customer and the scammers faked the bosses email and managed to get the finance person to send the money to a different bank account by photoshopping a very convincing invoice. Company lost tens of thousands.
Aah you’re back!!
Good for you!! I couldn’t imagine how I would feel with 3M subs and a lifetime amount of work just GONE at the click of a button! I’m so glad everything worked out for you!!!
Oooh… hope that bast-turd is your next take down operation….
It happened to a Youtubers called "Psyched Substance" and "spliffing Brit", the scam seems very similar and the numbers seem like the sorta size of their channels channel.
A Champion is humble in defeat, however he comes back even stronger
genuine shame that he didn't know it was you. Imagine a video on scammeryoutube of like "I almost scammed *The* Jim Browning"
Welcome back!!! We all love you and your work to stop scammers. Though we don't have the same problem here in Sweden (due to what I think more sophisticated ID services than they appear to have in for example the US) it's still heart warming to see you and your fellow scambaiters take the scammers down :-) Scams in Sweden are more "invest and make quick profit" scams. Looking forward to more scammer take downs :-)
Glad you’ve got your channel back
Thank God you're back. I was crying like a baby when I heard you're channel got deleted.
Scammers got revenge
Never mess with Jim, otherwise Jim will mess you.
I think every creator should be wary of unsolicited emails!  You can also call YouTube directly.   Nobody is safe from scammers!
Well, glad you’re back!
you are a legend, im glad you got your account back
Do you think that this scammer could trick spiffing Brit? And recently somewhere similar situation happened to Uwaga Naukowy Bełkoty channel on Polish speaking part of YT. His channel live plugin he was using was actually giving bot akces to lives and at 3 a.m bot stared Russian speaking add abut chrypo and his channel was deleted by YT's bot two yellow strikes and channel went down. He recover his channel after few games.
You're good, I am glad you caught on and busted him.
Jim, thank you for you’re content. I can tell that it has helped countless people avoid being scammed. Keep fighting the good fight.
The scammer should get an award for scamming Jim.no mean feat that.
I knew you could get this fixed. Great to have you back!
As Jamy Ian Swiss (the honest liar) once said: “before blaming the victim first credit the con man”.
That's crazy, I just re-subscribed. It wouldn't surprise me if more scammers try to band together to slow you down because of what you do.
very glad you're back man!
Didn’t have to re-sub, just happy to be part of the family! ✨ Glad you’re back!
I came across the same situation in 2019 when my Channel was suspended aka terminated by envious low life's who have nothing going in their lives.  It took me about a month to fight and get my Channel back, barely getting views but still here 👊 All you Youtubers/Content Creators once you hit that 100K look at
Unfortunately Indian state is encouraging scammers in India to bring foreign exchange to their country.  But will the western nations take action against India ? I guess not because they’re using India against China.  Which will obviously not work because Chinese work hard for them to be where they’re !!!!
You from Northern Ireland bro?
"I only want 100 dollars" 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Thank you for exposing them. I could've seen myself falling for this stupid shit
How did you not see this from the start? Can't believe. 🤔😟
the scammer really has the balls to try and scam someone with "tech support scams" cossed out as his PFP, and has been scamming scammers for years
Damn, glad you got your channel back
What worries me is that when I order from Amazon I very frequently get those fake emails right afterwards.  I know it could be confirmation bias but it really does seem linked, which makes me wonder if there might be some link in the chain where they are able to see I got an order and send the emails.  I wonder if a delivery driver or someone at the shipping center might or even one of their affiliates might be monitoring orders and have access to the associated email account.
If it can happen to jim, it can happen to _anyone_
Glad to see you back.
Many Indians work in google. They hate India being exposed as scammers paradise. That is pathetic !!!
Why did YouTube say there was no way to recover a deleted channel? I am still confused as to why they asked Jim to start from the beginning and reupload videos
Sorry to see this Jim, thanks for all that you do for the communities, keep up the amazing work.  J
getting ready for the evil revenge arc
LOL Scammer asking for feedback.
He might have been talking about The Spiffing Brit. Over two million subscribers. His channel is still down, I hope he can get it back soon. The poor guy started out his holidays with his channel being deleted.
We need to be more alert now as users, these scams are getting more and more sophisticated. In your defence Jim you have never seen or heard of this type of scam and you were one of the first to experience it so it had to happen to somebody first.
I have no sympathy for people who allow their videos to be ruined by commercials and as yours is plagued by so many I won’t be watching any more of your content again
No one is immune. We must all stick together! 👍
glad to see you back, just so you know i managed to get some extended warrentee people that were calling me multiple times a day to back off
You got phished? Bruuuuuhhhhh
Yay! So glad you got it back.
Glad you're back
It takes a big person to be able to admit they fell for a scam, it really could happen to anyone. The beginning definitely didn’t sound like a scam until phase 2! I’m glad that you got your channel back man!
Wow those scammers have made an ultimate enemy lol
I feel this may have saved Spiffing Brit, he had his channel deleted the day this was posted I bet it was in a similar way.
I'm most frustrated by how YouTube refused to help until this had gained a lot of attention.  Had it been a smaller channel or the outcry not been so vocal, a creator would never have had their channel restored.  That is not okay, YouTube.
fucking hell if scammers are starting to deceive even jim this much that is bad for everyone.  i saw this video right after i almost got tricked for my steam account
Damn, that was scary. Glad you got your channel back.
Got scaeed for a minute
Even Superman has kryptonite but you got out of it good for you Jim
Crazy shit man, glad you got it sorted, didn't need to re-sub thankfully but I can imagine the stress of that, I fell for a scam as a teenager, but didn't have any money so I accidentally baited them for 3 hours, over 10 years later and I still think how lucky I was to be a poor teenager
There is a great lesson here and a true fact that even individuals who are accustomed to catching social engineering tactics can fall for a scam. No one is immune. Great video! And thanks for posting.
Glad you're back!
The confidence thing is true, my brother almost fell for a scam that he wouldn't have just because he had something happening around that issue the day before
Well, I'm still subbed so hopefully that's been sorted now too? What an ordeal, and I'm really glad that you haven't lost all of your hard work.
Spiffing Brit has also fell victim
Jim is the best! My family and I love your content!
Guarantee that a group of scammers had a bet with themselves on who can get this channel deleted, and whoever did it won the pot
unfortunately i have to unsubscribe...
And this should provide enough of a reason for people to understand one simple thing:  this can happen to anyone.  It isn't about "stupidity".  Glad you're back, dude.
I have been watching your channel right from the beginning; since i was targeted several times by tech support scammers in 2014. Now according to my youtube history i haven't watched any of your videos. 10/10
resubbed. but yeah anyone can be scammed. just remember to stay calm as it can get worse if the scammer can predict your life pattern. waking up to receive security related email would throw anyone's thought into disorganized mess hence prone to being scammed
I bet this will be in the main stream media in the next 24 hours. I hope you and Spiff get some free media exposure because of this!
bloody hell scary. channel back as it was then?
It just goes to show that even the best of can get caught. Stay vigilant!
Knowing the state of the Turkish economy and job market right now, I kind of pity this poor fool. I have the distinct feeling that phishing scams would decline significantly if a so much of the population wasn’t living in relative poverty.
*how*
O u r   YT  i s   m u c h   b e t t e r  -  U N S U P P O R T E D        E L E P H A N T   https://youtu.be/aEB-_b37ChI
Just throwing this out there: I did _not_ have to resubscribe     Regardless, I would have resubscribed anyways :)
Your back, so happy for you Jim👍
So glad to see you back! 🤘🏻
The enemy struck back. Almost lost a good man now it's time to retaliate.
Funny how the scammer just generally had a conversation on WhatsApp with Jim
so glad yr back
finish the best xd
Jim, glad you're back and thank you so much for sharing what happened to you. Everyone should be aware that nobody is immune to being scammed and that we just need to be vigilant with what we do online.
Wow this is disgusting
These guys are getting more advanced every day. They are making our life more complicated along the way with all the extra layers of security!!
Had a scam call today like none other before. He (heavy accent, very stereotypical American name) had me turn on my satellite TV box, go to the "Guide" then turn OFF the TV. At that point I unleashed some of my large store of obscene insults and hung up, because I realized that I had NO clue what he was up to. Since my phone and the sat service are from the same company, they might be linked in some obscure way that can be exploited w/o me even doing something obviously unwise.  I am the anti-Dunning-Kruger; I always suspect that I am clueless.... Any idea what he was trying to do?
Those phishing emails never work on me because I never check my email.
I've been scammed on rocket league trading. I've never been the same since.
That other jim browning guy is getting tons of subs haha. Just checked his channel, and 5 years after his last video, he's catching the traction he's always wanted :)
recently someone DMed me on discord that he accidently reported my steam account and my account is gonna ban. At first i felt fishy because from a single report it doesnt suppose to happen. after a little while the guy sent me a screenshot of the report, then i little bit convinced but then i just search on google something related to this and i found out that there is scam going on and i immediately blocked that guy on discord and notify the mutual server to block that account.
if they got even the best of us.... we are doomed the indians are slowly evolving
We love you Jim browning🐐 💪
I received an email a few years ago saying that I could increase the credit limit on a store credit card I have, I just had to follow the link and confirm my card details for it to take effect.  I would never have fell for it if I hadn't used that card about 10 minutes prior, and I only use this card maybe once a year. The odds of this happening were astronomical, and because of that, I fell for it. Luckily I realised just a couple of minutes after and managed to get hold of the store and have my card cancelled before they could use it.
Glad you’re back homie
I dont know you but judging by peoples comments. They WORSHIP YOU
cant get scammed if you dont respond to any emails baby
Ironic he could save others from scams but not himself
I have a solution! Never answer any calls or emails that claim to be "Youtube", or "Your Bank"  always bad news...
When I read the title I first assumed that all the scammers in the world got together as the "United Scammers Alliance" and send out one of their elite scamming squads to finally get rid of that meddling Jim Browning. I bet their leader has a pet cuckoo.
"they don't have a way to recover lost content." yeah because big companies like google and youtube don't have backups.
Wow. Well, no worries in the end. At least you caught on to it. Can't believe they used Google domain.
Some Ordinary Gamer almost fell for the same
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNxs_onh2cg&pp=sAQA
jim had known for awhile the scammer would try to take him out from the origin. jim was ready, jim was prepared.
The spelllng of behavior is wrong.
Let's all hit the scammers ip lol.
So why does YouTube tell it’s Creators that deleted videos or Channels cannot be recovered…if they, in fact, can??!
is there any way to fix the channel URL? UCBNG0osIBAprVcZZ3ic84vw
I love that you documented this and shared. Even the best of us get caught off guard on occasion.
India 1 Jim Browning 0  _They may have won the battle, but they won't win the war!_
balance has been restored
The plot thickens as the hackers finally manage to strike back!
OMG, I didn't know this happened to you, after seeing this video I'm more aware that we should be cautious with everything we receive trough the internet, there are impersonators from everywhere. At first, I thought that was a backlash from your scammers exposure uploads and one "smarter" was trying to teach you a lesson or something. Anyway, glad that you are back, I will do the best I can to support you and the others who fight this shitt* person who think it's cool to steal money from others.
So the scammer basically had you create a new account with zero subscribers and have that account replace your old channel account.
A very informative video. Thanks a lot.   I once thwarted a similar takeover of a company in Spain using similar methods
I tried to waste time for scammer just 1 hour ago but couldn't hold the conversation for more then 10 minutes... it's really hard then it looks, jim is real pro!!!
JIM WILL NEVER BE TAKEN DOWN!
don't feel bad. it just goes to show we all have to be vigilant. i'm glad to see you back.
Truly appreciate you sharing this with everyone! So glad it wasn’t permanent
9:50 "I'm YouTube" no way he write this and then click send, you can't be that stupid xDD
Heaven and Hell are real, ghosts and spirits are real, Angels and demons are real, God is real. *PLEASE TAKE A MOMENT TO READ THIS*  If you die today, where will you go to for your eternity, Heaven or Hell? Is your choice! We’re all sinners because we have all sinned against the Almighty God, the Creator of Heaven and Earth. No one is perfect because we all did something evil in our lives, like lying, stealing, fornicate, adultery, murder……. The punishment for our sins is eternal punishment which is in Hell, a place of torments. But there’s a Way for us to be save from hell.  “The Gospel (good news) is, by God’s grace, God loves us so much that he sent his only Son (Jesus) into the world to died for our sins, he was buried, and raised to life again on the third days.”  God is offering the gift of Salvation and forgiveness of sins to anyone who repents and believes in him. Jesus is the only Way (John 14:6)  God is a Spirit (John 4:24), (we cannot see him physically), he’s NOT on those images/pictures or status of idols, they’re men-made, it cannot see, walk, or speak, and it cannot answer your prayers.  Sinners prayer: Say this prayer and believe in your heart, cry out to God, he will hear you. “Father in Heaven, I come to you today. I’m a sinner and I repent of my sins. Have mercy on me and forgive me for all my sins. I believe that you sent your Son, Jesus into the world to died for me and was buried  and raised to life again on the third days. I confess with my mouth that Jesus is Lord, and I believe in my heart that you raised him from the dead. I accept Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior. I ask you to come into my life and fill me with your Holy Spirit. Lead me and guide me, and help me to do your will. In Jesus name I pray, Amen!”  We never know when we’re going to die, many people around the world die every days, that can be me, you, or anybody.  Repent before is too late. Jesus is coming soon! *Please share this with others around you.* God bless you.
This is concerning, could a scammer mess with a channels subscribers, put them on a list and sell them, spam junk and scams, or get private information from them
I've been watching you for a while, and I would have never thought you would get tricked by things like this
It’s all right. Even Batman had times where he lost a battle against a villain but he always came back to win the war against the villain
The punctuation in that email was pretty terrible!
Oof - glad you got the channel back, you do amazing work.
Oh boy. This is like killing John Wick's dog. These people have no idea who they chose to run a scam on
WHY did YouTube initially say its not possible to recover deleted ? I didnt get that...
I almost got scammed because I opened a credit card and they called me an hour later telling me my social security had been suspended for suspicious activity. Luckily I looked up the REAL IRS number before calling them back and giving them my info.
Thank God your were able to detect it before you blindly gave your adsense. Instinct wins.
Thank god u didn't delete Ur channel Jim
Wait so the person that scams scammers got scammed?
Heck, even scam fighters aren't protected from scams.
Youtube run by commies.
That was the Raid Boss scammer Haha
any real google account would have a blue tick next to it, but im very glad to see that the real youtube reactivated your account!
The other Jim channel went from like 200 to over 1k cuz of this scam 😂 someone came out up at least
I was worried but scammer Payback Made me feel better that you was coming back. Welcome back sir 🙏🏾Let’s get back to work 💯
Oh man, rhetorically going for your AdSense is devious. I can see why that would get your attention.
(6:32) Just W.o.W. This is a "Must Watch" video!!!  He's a developer. A Google contractor or employee who worked on the design of that specific functionality. (11:39) 8 yrs experience. He was giving you his credentials. He might still be working @Google, flying under the security radar. Great job exposing his personality profile. They can find him. He's internal.
That scammer must be reading comments
I followed this link from Patreon. Good news is that I am still subscribed and have notifications on. Bad news is that YouTube still didn't think I would find this interesting enough to be notified of the post.
Never trust the "From:" field in an email, the sender can set it to absolutely anything he wants. Of course the mail server addresses are a little more reliable but as we see here, even that means nothing.
The channel he scams in 13:40 was spiffing brit channel
99% of people are and would be victims of this he might have survive but what about you ???  Only Jesus is safe to be with
You best believe Jims coming back at these scammers with a vengeance!!
When I heard about this I didn’t believe it. Wild shit.
i heard the News from iamLucid and rushed here rightaway.
I'm YouTube.
*sees at the end of the video that i need to resubscribe* actually i'm still subbed to you so i guess I don't have to do that lol
Thanks for sharing with an educational tale. I hope you get some extra traffic to make up for the disruption.
@Jim Browning - You need to get a Yubikey mate and remove your recovery phone number and secret answers from your Google Account. You can do the same to your email accounts so someone would need the physical hardware security key
That had to be a mammoth blow to your ego. I know how tempting it must have been to sweep it under the rug. I commend you for using such a moment to illustrate to everyone how this isn't just a problem for the foolish and give us an opportunity to reassess how foolish other people we see fall for these scams really are.
Cheeky bugger trying to scam Jim Browning, I think it requires a response. You can't let him get away with this so I hope there is a follow up where you take him down big time. Should be plenty of support for you in this.  But, did he know who he was scamming? Or just a standard pick a channel, whatever it is and take it over,,,?
Glad you're back
yeah, scammers are getting better at what they do.. I almost got scammed out of 1k from what I thought was a company working with Nelnet for student loan forgiveness. They had a bunch of my personal info including my social so I believed them at first.. it wasnt until after I did some digging into the phone number I had from one of their emails that I discovered a few other individuals had reported the company for scams that I alerted my bank. I had to close my accounts and open up a new one as well as put a hold on my credit and alert the IRS. Really scary.. be careful friends
Any time I get something unsolicited, I go to their official website and contact their customer support and ask them if it is legitimate.
Thanks for this lesson Jim
Still subbed so thats good.
ITS BACKK!!!
Congrats on trending
I swear I watched a video just the other day with those stats. I'll try to see if I can find it. I'm not 100% sure though. It was a guy breaking his channel down really quick to show what a video could make.
Big up to 2 step Authentication
So glad your back, you've probably had this suggested before but it myt be better to involve the tax office for the some of the scammers locations. Police may not want extra paperwork but the taxman will happily hunt you down
Glad you're back and also nice work on getting #12 on trending
Dirty scammers... glad to have you back
Only an idoit gets tricked
When the scam hunter gets scammed
2 step verification should be mandatory, really.
Wow! That's horrifying. I'm sorry for all that stress and glad you were able to get everything back!
You can try but never get rid of Jim! He will not stop until scammers are completely gone!
Now is time to take down the scammer heheheh !! It’s payback time !
Wow🙀 I’m glad you back
To me it seems the YouTube ad stats is real. Each statistic says they are “less than usual” - this would indicate no new videos being uploaded thus meaning no views and ad revenue. This would be correct if the scammer has control as the original owner no longer has access to upload? The scammer still gets ad revenue from previously uploaded videos
What the heck!!!!
At least you're back, love your vids
Great to see you !!  Thanks for all you do. I was binging on your channel the day before this happened...  I was shocked - this scumbag I'm sure will pay
If the scammer had used the phrase "just do one thing" I'm sure Jim would have twigged immediately! 😀
Glad you got this all straightened out. This just goes to show how creative and sophisticated these scammers are getting. I'm glad you posted this as a good warning and instructional on how others can be scammed as well. Sadly, I hope this wasn't another scam baiter trying to get rid of you as view competition. It seems like however did this knows the YouTube system and these scams very well. Especially given that they blanked out the channel.
"I can't believe you fell for the oldest trick in the book, what a goof, what's with you man, come on! You know what, here let me give it back to you...oh look at that, you fell for that too! I can't believe it man!  ..So Lonestar, now you see that evil will always triumph, because good is dumb."
The overall message of this video is very inspiring to me. Thanks for posting this.
Tried to pull a Palpatine on ya there. “I AM the YouTube”
It'd be really great if 4-SA existed. fyi multi step authentic is like this 1- something you know (password) 2- something you have (phone/physical key) 3- sometimes you are (biometrics)
holy shit this was one wild ride of a video, glad your back up and running
They're always getting more sophisticated. Never take our experience too seriously
If you feel suspicious for the mail from most companies like Google, Facebook, Twitter and etc, just email back to the REAL support email of that companies to verify the mail is truly sent by them to avoid this kind of scam.
Jim, I am surprised at you. However, as you stated, this proves that ANYONE can be scammed. Thanks for sharing...
I never read my emails. Simple.
The fact that he tried....
Such a gigachad to not be afraid of your mistakes. +respect
Türk çıktı adam ya
The man is back, the mad lad.
This one was actually quite clever. It looks like they based this on an issue with Google adsence and Android developers. A few had there programs removed from the play store.
Algorithm do your thing 😊👍
As a turkish person i am ashamed
Thanks for bringing the old outro music back
Google forms seems to be popular nowadays with scammers. I have been getting phone texts from IL state office to get a driver's license waiver due to Covid. I suspected it to be a scam and when I clicked on the link on my phone (I have to change phones so wasn't worried), it wanted me to fill a google document. I immediately started calling people in regards to the fake texts. Shocked that they got you Jim but glad to see you got restored.
That google.com email exploit is ludicrous - they really need to patch that. You should get a bug bounty for it!
J..... Jim browning......... Got.... Scammed....... This is it.. the world is ending
6:20 there was no lack of clarity lol
so basically YOU got scammed this time
The fact that the dude lives on the border of Turkey and Syria makes me believe that he might be actually financing a terririst group or the ongoing war. Just my little conspiracy thought.
I can't believe he turk.. inanılmaz ya
This whole moving accounts thing is so confusing.
Jim and scammer revolts♥️🔥
I think this happened to coffee zilla a few weeks back
I’m actually pretty sure that the reason why this scam is so hard to detect: the scammers actually use legit google services. (The move channel thing is an actual feature, the scammer lures the scammed into moving the non-existent content of a blank channel to the scammed’s original channel, thereby deleting all content of the original content). Honestly, these scams are 100% google’s fault for not putting in some sort of verification system for their customer service members and using normal google services to contact customers.
HIS PROFILE LITERALLY  SAYS "TECH SUPPORT SCAMS" WITH A NO SIGN ONTOP
glad you're back
i feel you jim i got scammed on my steam account and blindly followed instructions i had lost all my games so that is really sad all together my games costed 300 pound
Moral of the story:  Keep copies of your content on your own hard drive or NAS unit.  Never rely 100% on "the  cloud".
Damn he’s from Turkey. I’m dissapointed
Is 2sa the same as 2FA (2 Factor Authentication)?
So happy you got this mess sorted out scammers would have been over happy abut you losing your channel great story posting :-)
What concerns me is that numerous youtubers got this email recently
I was not aware of this and to Jim: I do not have to re-subscribe when you told me to, when I checked I am already a subscriber even after you restore your channel.
Subscribe to the NDL and Niko Omilana or your breath stinks 😷
Glad you're back. I'm stunned. Even the best of the best like you still got scammed. Your story certainly makes me look and question any email that looks legit and asks me to click on the link to do something....
If you got tricked, then I’m f’ed.
It’s from calling people banchode
Great root cause analysis. Thank you very much for sharing your experience!
This might sound wierd. But why did you film and record the entire process? It seems odd that you have so many screenshots of the conversation?
Return of Jim: The Movie
Did Spiffig Brit fell for this?!
Looks like it restored my subscription just fine. Grats on recovery
The scammers scammed the scammer scammer.
That wasnt very pogchamp of them
Wow that person really got Jim, he definitely a veteran scammer
YT can retrieve a deleted channel
"he had no idea what my channel was about" His profile picture:
Its so annoying how emails from big companies are always so formal and not straight forward that you cant even tell if its a scam
Jim, thank you so much for all your hard work. The fact that you of all people got scammed speaks volumes on the scammer’s arms race. I’m gonna show this to my family so that none of them blindly trust domain names. It’s something I never once considered and I can’t believe this is possible. Your cautionary tale will save lives. Again, thank you so so much.
I'm Turkish and I'm shocked because he is Syrian!? And he is a scammer? If you send this guy's IP address to Turkish police they will find and arrest him. But i got to admit his English is very good compared to a normal Turkish person (i think he is Turkish because most of the Syrian people gets some money from Turkish government and some of them have better economy compared to a normal Turkish people just to add our economy is so bad like 1 dollar is 8-9 TRY and he wanted 100 dollars)
This was fascinating. Thanks for making the video.
Your next target is China communist party.
4 things set me off on this scam;  1. I always check 'SiteName@SiteName.com' to see if they are an a true email the sites uses  2. The  'Hi ... (no name)'  3. The poor grammer (capitals, full stops) 4. Using a chat function & also a chat function like this with no sort of 'verified' icon to seperate 'staff' from 'randoms'  Happy you got this all sorted thought bud 👍
This is where blockchain tech would come in handy
WHATS UP! ITS BEEN A YEAR ALMOST! oh no- im glad youve returned
Even I with a BA CS degree and 4 years of work experience was tricked and scammed via Tinder dating app. What seems obvious, can coincidentally screw you over and is a moral that anybody can get scammed. I feel a bit better about myself watching this and realizing this sort of thing even happens to the best of us. The level of depression you feel after becoming aware you’ve been scammed is unreal. So don’t beat yourself over it, learn the truth about the darker parts of the world and awaken your senes to the deeper truth of the deceptive lies. Don’t give up hope, and stand to help fight the trojan war with Jim Browning.
This seem like someone might hire him to take your channel down and act dumb. since you been showing all these scams it don't seem like it's a regular scam it feels like a bounty on your channel
Now the Dream sus guy has been hacked...
Wonder what the scammer was thinking when he realised he was defeating the master Jim Browning.
😱  welcome back, you have been missed! 😊 The scary part is the “https”   It looked so legit.  Maybe the scummer worked for Google or YouTube.  Tbh, it was quite elaborate but one thing I learned from all your videos: if someone asks access to my machine, or asks email +username + password, this must be a scummer!  Thank you for all what you do.  Hopefully other creators will see this video and become cautious.  As I said, Welcome back 😊
This guy is missing the ending punctuation on his sentences. Sometimes they don’t even use commas.
Eh?
He used a website where you can enter the URL of the YouTube channel and it will give you ad revenue history.  This is one I have used out of curiosity to see what larger channels can make: https://influencermarketinghub.com/youtube-money-calculator/
Why doesn't google create a verify mark for the e-mails that you get in g-mail?
Thanks for being open an honest about this and showing that if things just happen to line up just right even the most informed can fall victim. I applaud you for being honest and not trying to make it out to be some brand new and more complex scam. One of the reasons these things persist is that people feel embarrassed and ashamed about being caught in a scam so don’t come forward. I know I would find it hard and chastise myself for ‘being stupid’ and not want to admit they got me.  You are not only uncovering scams and getting them shut down at their root but you are making it mush easier to not get sucked in and speaking up about it if you do get caught up in it. You’re a real life superhero!
I'm in IT and I always tell users that no one is safe from a scam/phishing. Myself, the VP of IT and the company's owner to someone in call center. Everyone and anyone can be a victim.
the scam master got scammed!
KING IS BACK !!!!
You gotta get in touch with the Spiffing Brit, he got scammed too i believe
#respect
In hindsight, buying a 2nd phone and then receiving an email from YouTube would surprise me too. But a tell that these two events weren't related is access methods. If you had bought a new computer and accessed it through there then you wouldn't think any more of it. Thank god your channel wasn't taken down though.
@Jim Browning  , Make sure you are using Onion layered Networks & VPNs. To protect yourself and your Data. Glad you are back. We need an army for sure.  - Also Your discord link is currently Invaild (this might be on purpose). I would like to join your channel good sir <3
Dude you really are the best. Not only did you show exactly where you went wrong, but you also showed what can be taken away from it and again emphasized on how careful everyone should be. Glad to have you back, and I look forward to future videos!
Scammers are truly the scummiest scum of the whole universe.  Purposefully ruining people's lives by snatching their income or extorting said people.  I sincerely hope that each and all scammers will spend their entire undying afterlife strapped directly to the boiler that heats up hell.
noob
Jim! You’re better than this! Aghh!
Thats why you get in contact with you tube even if you think something is real or fake just to be sure.
Jim shall never fall down
Wow… that is hands down one of the most convincing scams I’ve ever seen. However, it’s pretty clear the guy isn’t banking from this but it’s scary to think what more intelligent scammers would be able to do with something like this. Google really need to fix it, it shouldn’t be so easy to send an email like that from a genuine google email.
should we all viewer report him at same time
lmfaooo karma got Jim
GLAD YOUR SOCIAL GOLD CHANNEL IS BACK! YOU DA MAN, "JIM"!
The same scam just happened to the Spiffing Brit
This happened to Psyched Substance too and probably other channels
To be fair Jim... you could have asked the guy a million questions and he would talk around the real issue at hand.... HIM :P
Sometimes I don't get youtube logic. The same case as Ann Readron was pointing out regarding content farming. Your channel has always been of the best intentions and has surely help the world rid of scammers. I am glad that you got your way back again. Will continue to watch your content and follow you.
I support you Jim!
Wow thank you . Always in awe .
You are amazing Jim !  Thank you for all you do to teach us all not to get scammed. This story is unbelievable.  Wow... what a sleuth!!! You keep us all "in check!"  I cannot believe this happened. My God.  I am so happy that you figured it out... and stayed 1 step ahead.... you always sound calm... lol .. I would be tripping out... haha. Hope you get a little rest after this debacle.  Be well!!! Adam
Dunno if it helps, but i didnt need to resubscribe. Im still subscribed
your accent is irritating, too bad it wasn't deleted forever ;)
This day became a universal holiday across all scammer communities.
I'm so happy that this got sorted out. You are the King Jim. Keep up the great work. Luv ya 💗💗💗
I lost my iOS Simpsons game to a scammer , sadly EA didnt help at all just said start 5 years of work over. I jsut deleted the app.
Wow that he crazy! Thanks for making a video on this. Hello
The real winner in all of this….YouTube.com/JimBrowning
Your YouTube channel has now died for our sins only to be resurrected.
I know this happened to psyched substance too
Spiffing brit lost his channel to a scammer same time as yours so it could be his….
I'm really happy to see you back on Youtube!
I don't want to scam people as I'm not that type of guy so I am wondering who wants to donate money to me so I can buy a car. Thanks to the people who care
Interesting stuff, anyone can be scammed indeed
Glad your Back Jim! We missed you!
Thank you Jim. For exposing yet another scam, and helping all of us to learn to be safe
so u got scammed and then scammed a scammer
The scam catcher gets scammed. This is a quick turn of events
Welcome back Jim.
And yet the grocery store I work at took down the scam awareness sign by the gift cards. Scary times.
Scary that even someone  as Jim can fall for this though....
wb!
So glad your back! I'm not surprised Perogi try to take advantage of your misfortunate and did a livestream about it so he can get more likes to his channel. That guy is sad.
YOU FOOL I AM YOUTUBE INCARNATE
You’re telling me this tech support scammer nearly successfully scammed Jim Browning and didn’t even know it?  He didn’t even look at your pfp…
@12:31 YT-scammer goes bla bla bla bla.... :P @13:27 He probably owns 1 channel with only his mother following him and he changed the HTML via de Developing tools (f12) and changed the numbers :P
I’ll be honest, I’m kinda embarrassed for you.
You got me worried-  👀
Its sad that person from my country doing this even tho our religion warn people to not steal things very a lot. Im apologizing for him, wish you accept.
🤔 The scammer of scammer got scammed by a scammer 🤣
Welcome back and thanks for the Info
i hope you're swiftly working on your revenge arc that will span the rest of 2021
@jim was this a targeted attack specifically tailored to you? or more like copy-paste to any content creator on YT? And thx for sharing this, it's so important to show people that we're all human and vulnerable to social engineering attacks
This is a very high quality scam tbh. Especially if **you** fell for a little bit of it. Crazy how people set up these kinds of operations, I hate them, but there's something to be said about the way they set these up
Actually i didnt have to resubscribe. Glad you back, be safe man!
So pleased you got your channel back
So this is one of the phishings that some youtubers fell for which turned the channels in adfarms?
Now anyone who has youtube.com/jimbrowning bookmarked, will be taken to a different Jim browning
Damn, this just happened to PsychedSubstance as well
The Indians put him up to it. I learned long ago to never trust anyone and it has served me well for over 35 years now. I get at least a dozen of these emails a day and some are even from google about my YT account. As you can see there is nothing there. Glad you got your shit fixed.
13:39 inspect element. Maybe?
Grabify seems like a good back up for when someone from your past tries to be an online "bully". Being able to threaten to forward their IP details to the local authorities will get them to instantly scatter.
Warning: Don't expect a scammer to not break through a 2FA, some are very manipulative and can potentially get the 2FA code from you anyway if you let them (they hide the meaning or try and convince you it's something else or that they sent it and want to verify you, all the while building pressure). If you end up using 2FA (recommended for anything of value to you), then maintain the rule to NEVER give anyone else the 2FA code! A real tech support does not need or ask for that code, only scammers ask for it.
"I'm YouTube!"  That was funny
welcome back man
You have better luck with grabify then I do.  I'll set it up to try and seem legit too.  But rarely do I get them to open it twice.
wow, this is incredible! I bet he didnt even know what ur chanel was all about or perhaps thats the reason he wanted to scam you...ur a scammers white whale! xD dont worry I was subscribed and had notifications on, and I received the notification of ur new video even though i wasnt aware of the deletion...so seems like all is restored for the subs (at least for me)
Never lost my subscription.
Glad to see you back Jim. So they finally found you :( ..... but i know you will strike back even harder now :)
so scammers scammed Jim ?
I pray whoever sees this you’ll be successful in life, God has a plan for you just trust the process never give up God bless everyone…..
Damn... this is scary. Thank you for documenting and bringing this to light. I personally don't know what or how to respond if it happen to my own channel.
There was a wrong capital W in the first line before the period.
good to see you back Mr Jim how can I recover my facebook account it was hacked by a number that used to call me and keep quiet so i think it belongs to the hacker
Ok, but that was actually fairly clever using YouTube's own vague wording to trick people. Glad it had a happy ending.
i saw that this channel was deleted and i was just about to get more educated on what happend but this video was made a day ago so that made it easier to know what was goin on around here
White Hats… To Arms!
Damn
Great to see you back.
Awesome, so glad you managed to get your channel and vids back. Also just goes to show none of us are immune to scammers, in particular as they become more and more tech savvy and we become less and less so as the complexity of the internet etc increases.
did you get revenge LoL 😂
Bruh this happened to psyched substance and I commented on his video that he should check out this channel. Turns out the same thing happened here
He got channel back!
bro the second i saw the scammer was turkish i felt bad for my own country and its people, when your own nationality fails you
Bruh this happened to psyched substance and I commented on his video that he should check out this channel. Turns out the same thing happened here
#12 on trending 750K views
Does anybody get how people phish emails? Like it was the exact same of google. How do they do that?
it's great to see Jim back!! he's doing good work and is desperately needed!   jim I hope u show the scumbags no mercy now, go after them harder than ever bro!!
This cocky person is so brazen... I can't believe it!!!!
This man straight up asked you to review his scam after you realised his game so he could get better. Man was bold...
Even a master can make a mistake once in a while
Now you know how all this elder people got scammed. If the bait looks tasty enough, everyone will risk a bite.
always be scared and safe by checking
I sure hope youtube helps The Spiffing Brit aswell. What a scam.
Yoh, this is painful. I am so sorry <3
nO  That was a classy touch!
You are a genius! I wish you could have got more information from him to destroy them from the inside! Thank you for the information and I'm sorry that you had to go through this.
U are AWESOME, IT WAS REALLY DIFFICULT TO FIND WHETHER THEY'RE FROM YOUTUBE SUPPORT OR SCAMMER, U ARE REALLY  BEST, I NEVER SAW SUCH VIDEO ON ENTIRE YOUTUBE, IT IS REALLY HELPFUL  THANK YOU SO MUCH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am still subscribed
There are a ton of parallels with Jim Browning's experience and Simone Bile's experience.  There is no such thing as invulnerability.  True greats share this in common and become extraordinary teachers to others as a result.
I learn a Lot from u , humble Guy.  Please, keep making content
Please do a revenge arc
The Honesty of Jim is simply amazing, he knows the reputation he has now, and he is not afraid to admit something like this, but hear my words scammers, now he is going to be even better !
I think something else to add on the restrospective advice for looking at scams is to ask someone you know to look at the message to see if they think it's suspicious. 2 heads is better than 1
Can you cover the save the children coin scam? Coffeezilla struggles to get police to look at it.
if you ever get deleted ill get deleted
Jim, first, so glad you are back.  Great to hear YT helped you, even if it took longer than it should have.  Next, thank you ever so much for making this video about how it all happened.  I have been watch you and so many other baiters for a couple years now, and felt comfortable I have learned a lot about various scams, how they work, and how to see them coming.  While I am a total computer idiot I have learned so much about scams.    I take this as a wake up call that I know very little compared to what I need to know.  I get that things had to fall in line just right for you to see things as real----and that means that can happen to anyone.  Things happen where chance builds.  I am not a trusting person by mature, however once convinced (and it isn't easy to convince me) that things are ok I go along and don't ask any questions at that point.  That is going to change as of right now!!!  At 66 I have earned a very important lesson from you today.  Thank you so much for sharing this.
Scammer probably contracted a hacker to screw with you as a form of revenge.
13:33 its JJ Olatunji's old screenshot
Welcome back
I was so confused, I tried searching your channel, and it didnt show
If you ever do a ethical hacking course on udemy please sign me up!!
Spiffing Brit still not got his youtube back
The parched frame scientifically increase because marble pathologically paddle throughout a utopian chronometer. numberless, scrawny shock
Video too long voted down
When a scammer calls me.. I tell them you just took me from watching Jim Browning. How dare you. They hang up quickly...js. They fear you.
HE LIVES!!!!
WHAT. THE. HECK.  Happy to have ya Back!
i can't believe it, he finally got scammed
Are you telling me the scammer fell for 2 links and gave you the IP to his PC AND his phone? (assuming phones do in fact have IP addresses).
PsychedSubstance nearly got duped by this exact same scam.
Not surprised someone tried deleting my Instagram by logging into my gmail and someone hijacked my Spotify through a work around when connecting Facebook
Im immune to this scam I dont read my emails
Jim I love your videos. I found it ironic that the screen grabs of the chat with the Syrian scammer show your profile picture as “🚫 tech support scams”. He must have taken that as the highest, most difficult challenge.
Sometimes being paranoid is good
Social engineering is so powerful, it's scary
To think i found this channel after he brought it back online
I have $2.5 million but have a $200 phone 🥴🥴
Takes a different kind of balls to admit something like this.
THE Jim browning got scammed I'm impressed damn
Talking about coincidences! When I was about to attend college, I got a call about winning a grant. Mind you I won a scholarship recently and almost fell for this scam!
You should not reveal to him what make him unlegit .. that make the scammer more legit ... bad move !
They got the spiffing brit too apparently. If this is how it works it can definitely fool many who are wise to the usual scams.
Turkish dude just graduated the prestigious Browning Scammiversity ... Soon he'll move to India and talk with Kitboga for hours and hours about this...
The Return of The King
Wow, thank you for sharing this experience Jim. You've shown me that I've been a bit complacent with my online security. I've thought I was "un-scammable" until now. Your humility in admitting that you fell for this will likely wake up a bunch of folks like me to be more vigilant, so you've likely stopped a bunch of us "un-scammable" people from getting fooled. You've achieved Internet Superhero status.
It seems YouTube Turkey recently hired someone from Syria. This person would need to be investigated.
This is hilarious imagine aliens looking down  on us humans they would never understand what humans do.
He will get any scammer job ever now. All he has to say is "dude... I scammed Jim Browning."
lol u got that small jim browning channel over 800 subs lmao
sorry i'm late i was doing youtube   i'm youtube
This wasn't your average "scammer". This was someone who probably planned all of this and even may have previously worked somewhere dealing with all of this. They knew a LOT of background end things
congratulations on the success
13:10 It could be potentially from Spiffing Brit who lost his huge channel to this scam as well
I'd say this was inevitable I mean you can't target scammers without drawing their attention one way or another.
Get the scammers.
Can you imagine Threatening him even after knowing its jim browning? the guy who single handedly bring down the scam office in india, and cancelled multiple scam across the world? Yeah, You better use 10 different vpn there buddy..
Glad your back!
Could he have used a vpn to place him in turkey
Man, I've had to deal with Google people quite a bit because i use Google Fi. It's often hit or miss when calling their phone support, mostly miss. My Pixel 2 broke within 5 months of normal use and their quick solution was to send me a remanufactured device. Wait, I bought a brand new one with a warranty. You give me back somebody's used one AND it's the wrong one with the locked bootloader (verizon model)..... 4 different times!?!? Sometimes they would put me on hold for an hour and a half. I knew they were just trying to make me hang up so I would just turn on speaker and do stuff. More often than not, they'd just say they needed to x-fer my call and then it'd magically drop (don't wanna say the T word on YouRube).
Also happened to @thespiffingbrit
Yes but in the end it is a Google vulnerability.
ninong jim is back 🇵🇭🇵🇭✌️❤️❤️
Next video: I Found My Youtube Scammers And Made Them Bankrupt
Hilarious, Look at Jim Browning weeping like a bitch. "7 years of work, 170 videos and 3.3m subscribers were instantly gone". Indian Scammers > Jim Browning.  Love the irony. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Jim, you do such good work. They are scared and desperate. You got this and we've got your back. 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
An average person would not have figured this out. Scammers are evolving. Good that your channel is now restored Jim
When your channel was deleted there were a bunch of posts on the Chan from people of Indian descent celebrating  Glad you’re back
Welcome back!
Thank you for informing us Jim, One day we will win & take these scumbags down, Keep up the good work :-)
I've seen that but I can't remember who but was definitely YouTube video
Bet a few call centre's in India were having a right laugh.
Accunt lol
spoiler alert: it was notJim Browning all along trying to get Grandma Dot and Baby Evie 2 to go viral
Glad to have you back!
This shows everyone can fall for scam if you don't pay attention. Stay safe and don't feel ashamed when you got scammed. It can happen to everyone on a bad day.
I should move my videos over to a different channel. My channel lost its Adsense years ago.
looked like Matt does fitness youtube video for the screen cap. He talked abou thow much he was making in that video. Was uploaded in the last year I believe.
I wonder if the guy wanted to know your old (not current) password to reset the 2FA.  There is also sms 2FA fallback which is often susceptible to sim hijacking.
Something that might also be worth noting is that this email has horrible grammar, really basic mistakes that will make it look unprofessional as fuck, hence giving away that it's probably not official. A lot of scammers are not aware of the fact that professionalism does not exclusively equal to fancy words, but also good grammar.
This has happened to a lot of youtubers recently!!! It could happen to anyone.
I was wondering where you go! glad to have you back and thanks for the great content.
I'm learning things so how about the servers checks https://youtu.be/hF1bIT1ym4g?
Return of the King
Welcome back Jim! Damn, when reading about the news, I am definitely shocked and sad to hear that we just lost a hero who continuously fight against scammers. And watching this video reminds me of that one fateful day when I almost fell into a scam and luckily I managed to get out before I suffer heavy losses - the scammer that is very convincing until he blows his cover in the end. Thank you for publishing this video, it sure will help a lot of people with the message - Always verify official accounts, as they might just be a very convincing snake that will strike if you let your guard down.  About that last part though... would you able to contact google about the mis-directing of the search result to the wrong YT account? PS: I did what you've asked: resubscribe, for good measures I am following the REAL hero
Revenge ark?
You should get a titan key so that you have to have a physical key to open your YouTube account
yes, he's back.
No scammer can take down the mighty jim
Scammers are evolving now, now they moved ot Lithuania as well, me and my friends got called by some Russian telling that 5 euros were removed from my bank hope someone deals with it:/
Welcome back
If this happened to anybody else, they might not get their channel back lmao.. Glad you're the one who caught it and decided to teach us about it..
will im syrian and i know any syrian from hes smell and that's a smell im really familiar with and actually its not a "i want money" scam it was proving self scam because i know the people of my country very will its all about proving self.. and extra pocket change here and there u know
Re-subbed 🤚
Damn Jim you type incredibly slow.
Still loving your works Yesterday, Delhi police busted them up very well. More than 50-60 scammers arrested.  Beautiful!  Lots of cookies too
14:40 When i saw he is from Muğla... I was like: WTF? I am also from Turkey and this was really unexpected. 😅
The scammers are getting salty at you messing their operations up so they tried for some good old fashioned revenge lol
How can you fall for this email?  Well that’s your own fault.
This is great It's like someone trying to abduct Liam neeson and then getting what they deserve
Jim please take some time and make a video on Pegasus spyware
Yeah I assume all emails can be phishing emails regardless of what the return email address says, since... I want to say even those can be presented inaccurately, and the real email address will be hidden in the header. Good companies tell you specifically in their emails "do not click any links in this email, go log into the proper website url yourself" to confirm things, whereas technically-legit companies that aren't paying proper attention to netiquette will include links and tell you to click them (I've seen... paypal or amazon or something do this and they're legit emails), and sadly that encourages non-savvy customers to click links in phishing emails as well.
Horrible experience, but thanks for sharing! It's not easy to get duped and then share that experience with everyone but we all needed it.
Indeed not your finest hour. How you fell for that is beyond me
what
You will need to reach out to support to transfer your custom url back to the new brand account. You loose it when transferring.
lmao the screenshot he took was from this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
that ending was epic
I find it hilarious how you of all people should never fall for this kind of scams and yet you did.
hi this is youtube,  please provide your bank account information so we can pay you.    please enter routing number and account info here,
Pov:the hacker took control of jim browning in real life.btw finally jim's back
Ah, they probably leave stuff like that open for abuse so that they can have plausible deniability if they want to delete a well known account.
please talk about The Spiffing Brit he got scammed as well he made funny videos of him exploiting video games and their systems thennnn he got exploited
Just another example of how corrupt people can be if Jim Browning can be duped.  Now I feel even more afraid to click links.  I'm glad you were able to get your situation sorted out, and I hope you continue to scare the crap out of these bottom feeders!  If there be justice in this world, let it be directed to these leeches.
Welcome back!
I checked out the other Jim Browning's Youtube channel and threw him a like and subscribe for being a good sport.  I recommend you and the other Jim collaborate together on a song about hacking!
“I always hover over links” Atomic Shrimp: *anger noises*
Jim Browning: makes videos to tell people to be careful of scam emails. Me who don't read emails: (-u-)
welcome back jim! we really missed you. im sure that was a pretty scary thing to go through :(
So happy this worked out in the end for you!
1. To my knowledge google ain't going to contact you through google chat especially regarding something as serious as your channel being suspended. 2. They ask him are you on a computer or phone.... why would that question be asked right after he types them a response. Indication the scammer is going off a script.
Thanks for sharing.
it is easy to make an email legit.  1. break into the servers and steal the template files that are used by the system to generate the email.  2. set up an account and get an email then change the details .  for example if you want to get a roadrunner isp copyright violation email so you can start spamming roadrunner isp customers you would.  1. break into roadrunner's servers and steal the email templates used to automatically generate the emails.  2. get a roadrunner account and start downloading and seeding copyrighted stuff in hopes you will get an email.  then change the contents of the email and send them to other roadrunner customers  and so on  all 170+ videos are not lost. if you have them on your hard drive you can re upload them. yess!!! you will be spending gigs of bandwidth and waiting  a long time if you are on slow connection.  you may not get back all your comments, likes and subscribers.  while you can ask the viewers to re like and re subscribe you will not get the comments because some may not comment or even remember what they said.  a reset can make a phishing scam look more legit because the scammer can send the scam email right after the reset.  moral of the story never respond to emails even if they look legit and coincide in timing
They have reached my great aunt who raised me and my siblings. Claiming to be me in a car wre k needing money (800) fortunately my real father is taking care of her and didn't fall for it. She on the other hand has dementia.... idk what to do plz help
Sometimes the stars align on these scams. I had made a purchase on eBay and shortly after I got a PayPal phishing email. The email stated a nearly identical amount to what I paid AND one of the CC'd emails contained the seller's last name. I almost clicked it until I realized my PayPal was not linked to that particular email address.
Don't let him get away with this, Jim!
Fyi i didn't have to re-subscribe
If Jim Browning can get scammed, there's no hope for any of us. Let's just give it up guys. I'm reverting back to the pre-digital age.
F in the chat
Trying ring to space code I believe your smart enough. Maybe direct me to help or contact me
woah i think several youtubers got hit by this? i think mutahar also did a video
Welcome back Sir Browning
Who dislikes this video??
Thi king .y phone is now hacked
Welcome back!
They always say their name is mike or jasoN
This is so crazy
I didn't even notice any of this happening. Great you're back tho!
My comments of the phone number are being g deleted
Happens to the best of us. Note the Google Form you were sent asking for your last known password had an Asterix that said "Never give your password in a Google Form" lol.
this is a great video, i appreciate you recording your initial engagement with the scammer. but 9:05 made me snort!
YouTube is a hacker targeting us on YouTube
I’m glad that you noticed before it was too late and that you got your channel back. One are one of my favorite scam baiter channels.
I can't believe the scammer legit saw your pfp saying: TECH SUPPORT SCAMS 😭😭😭
I'm sure you were targeted by a scammer you exposed on an earlier video. We are still here for you!
your now the 2nd youtuber i have seen this happen to this week
You're channel gets hacked when it's being reported or striked this is why I chose to protect my account
I wish a big Youtuber would help us that can't get adsense appeals. It's been 11 years and they still think I clicked my own ads!
So ignoring emails is a good thing then? Thank god I never read that chit.
Great story. How did you know they could recover your account? I lost my gmail account info and they said there was no way to recover it. Probably just as well. Having too much information in one spot concerning bills and receipts and bank info isn't a good idea. If the thieves go to my gmail account, there's nothing there but empty folders.
we did it boys! He back
Your name sounds like a gun manufacturer… BANNED
It's amazing that the community was able to help in the end though. I'm glad that your channel is back. This is another reason to be extra careful for what you're about to do on the internet. I cant blame you though at first this looked like a legitiment thing from youtube. Hope this doesnt occur again.
I am glad that you did not eventually lost your channel. You are doing great by exposing and taking down lots of scammers.
I m Happy you got your Channel back
My question:  was this spearphishing targeting Jim and other larger YTers or was it a general mass spam?  This seems to be some complicated stuff you don't normally see.
I AM YOUTUBE
The master gets almost scammed
I think it's pretty shitty for youtube to lied to their content creator that they cannot recover the channel when in fact they could. Thankfully Jim got other YouTubers on his back on this. But what about the other smaller channel who got scammed the same way? I hope the best for them.
Pretty sure this was a fan wanting to see if they can trick you...
Holy crap. If you're not safe, no one is safe!
Glad you're back!!!! Godspeed! You work too hard...
Great reminder, thanks Jim. I get comfortable and am very careful, but can never be too careful
Horrible! Doesn't matter how savvy you are with technology it can happen when least expected. I do remember last yr Google was hacked. My ph was down a day. I lost some contacts. Scary. I'm new to smart phone
D'oh...
These people just don't stop and they will go very far just to get a quick $100.
The bamboozler has become the bamboozled. Dark times indeed.
scams are rife text , email, landline , door step, mail and many more cant they get a damn job?
Just need advice idk What to do
Sometimes scams are made so perfectly well, that they are almost art.
Scammer scammer got scammed
Kinda click baity
My buddy uploads to his main channel and to a private YouTube channel to avoid this. That way if a video gets removed you can just download it from the private and repost to the public.
Cant believe king of scam buster got scammed himself
Thanks for putting this video up Jim. Teaches us much as you say that none of us are safe and really need to pay much better attention to things, have a great weekend!
You've become so notorious among scammers they sent a hitman to shut you up!
You had a shout out by Linus on the WAN show  - LTT, hopefully that will give you a big uplift in subscribers.
the scammer was like "scammer gets scammed kid." but that sucks that scammer are becoming this smart.
Taigs out, Jim!
I was thinking the Indians finally hit you back but even if you didn't have a way to expose scammers that wouldn't stop you from going after them.
Billy Eillish's channel was hacked and it had millions of subscribers.
@Jim Browning please help our dear fellow youtube creator who also fell victim to this scam, The Spiffing Brit. Contact him, his channel is still not showing up in the search.
The email was @google.com because it was google sending you an automated email about the chat.
You’ve got to be kind of dumb to fall for literally any scam. It looks real but I would never fall for a scam like this
The man whos supposed to be catching scammers got scammed lol
The fact a well known anti scammer almost gets scammed just shows how “easy” it is to get scammed
Wow they getting smarter!
I am a Syrian living in Syria and I can tell you I am not surprised one bit that he was in Turkey. Let me explain. A LOT of Syrians (approx 2.2 million) were smuggled out of Syria either to escape the war or just unlivable situations, and many Syrians (being racially abused in Turkey) Had no other option but to either break their backs in factories because that's the only job a Syrian can get in Turkey or to do international scams. If you have any questions I'd gladly answer them in the replies.
The other Jim Browning you mentioned has jumped from 200+ subscribers all the way to over 1000+ subscribers within a few days since this channel was deleted. It is literally because the people trying to go to the YouTube Jim Browning link are brought to this other channel and causing people to think that this is the real Jim Browning and subscribing to it because of that (also because of the "interesting" content on the channel).  Also, a few days ago, the other Jim Browning channel had started uploading videos again for the first time since April 2020, most likely due to the sudden increase in views and subscribers because of this "misunderstanding". Basically he is getting some "free" fame that he never expected in the lifespan of his channel.
That scammer millionaire really act like they broke 😂
Oopsie daisY Whoop loops Big blunder 🅱️uesdays  Glad your back <3
Oof
And then they say accept and help so called refugees.
still subscribed, great stuff Jim.
I can't be bothered to watch so I might be wrong, but if anyone actually convinced you to delete your own channel, then more fool you Sir. The only way a channel will be deleted is if YT deem it so and it will be done without your intervention. Email from 'chat no reply google'  well there is your clue.
scammers scammed Youtube or youtoube has scammers working inside. Youtube has scammer moles that helped that to be done
gezze, sounds like it was a mess, glad you are back my dude.  you are one of my favorite youtubers.😁🙃
This guy is probably a refugee as there are MİLLIONS of them in south of Turkey.
Nobody beats Jim Browning
Thanks for sharing this Jim, it's an excellent reminder that we're all vulnerable given the right circumstances. I'm glad you're back. The closing shot looks like one of the computer rooms when I was at Oxford Brookes in the 90s!
This happened to Psyched Substances channel
Maybe they didn't like that promo vid you made.
13:40 picture is heavily cropped, can't see the outside detail to notice if there is a classic YouTube blur, or some RGB lighting. you can actually tell a lot of content creators apart from their room lighting.
Anyone got his new discord link ?
😂😂😂😂 wrong person to try scam, o man 😂😂
Well you do have to give this scammer some kudos for this. Annoying,  but it is a righteous hit.
Subscribed ✨
jim youre back !!! i was so worried; these scammers are getting too convincing but lets get em !!
Damn. Eye opening. Glad you're sorted
The scammer is very advanced A.I., he said  "I AM YOUTUBE"
Instead of taking your content, he added to it. Perfect.
It's all because you put a lot of faith in big corporations! I'm from Turkey, and some of those Syrian immigrants are an issue for us as well. But don't put your trust in anyone, especially giant corporations.
Glad you’re back!
Its great to hear from you. These scammers seems to be doing preety good nowadays. Recently I got a call from FAKE AMAZON but they do know the product that I had ordered. It is getting really wierd.
I am happy you got your account back because your one awesome YouTuber
This is wild, never thought daddy jim would get bamboozled like this. Glad you're back
Pretty sure Spiff got hit with these
This was still educational and made it more unlikely that others will fall for this.
So the scammer didn't know what the account was about but Jim's profile picture must've given him a hint cause it says " TECH SUPPORT SCAMS "
Clickbait title. Grow up.
tbh that email alone is already enough to make me question it, suspend isnt permament yet they use, permanently suspend together, there are random capital letters all over it and it just dosnt seem very legit, id say you were caught on a tired brain day
That dude is now working on a much better scamming method thanks to you. You helped him a great deal by pointing out his mistakes...
Another Moral of the Story: Don't let coincidence lull you into a false and potentially destructive situation!
The dislikes are from a fake tech support scammers alt accounts
he's back! best birthday present!
Scam baiter scammed by the scammers. Dramatic irony in its finest form. I’m glad you were able to resolve this issue, and now you have a new target. Hope you get him/her back Mr. Browning.
Lesson learned: NEVER trust someone who pretends to be support for YouTube. Unless that someone warns about trusting those people. Then you can trust him. But ONLY in regards to the advice about not trusting him.  --- END OF PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT ---
Glad it all turned out ok. It seems I’m still subscribed like nothing happened. Hope there’s not too much fallout left from this. Thanks for sharing this
Was scared when I read in the news that Jim Browning had been hacked!
💜💞💜
The channels lost to the scammers, the orig owners are probably too embarrassed to mention it, especially if their channel is focussed on topics other than scams online. It could legitimately have $16k/month Adsense revenue sent to scammers.
Dude if this kind of thing happen with uu then what ll happen to uss 🙄🙄🙏🤔
I never thot they could achieve this!! #NeverAgain
Plz help spiffing brit  I hope he gets his channel back
I heard that ur channel got deleted, u saw yesterday. I'm glad ur back now
iamlucid just made a video about this
This stuff is honestly disgusting. I'd love to just not have a phone number anymore because the vast majority of calls and texts I get are scams. I'd love to just not have an e-mail address anymore because the vast majority of e-mails I get are scams. I spend far more time deleting scam voicemails, texts, and e-mails than I do interacting with real calls, texts, and e-mails. Might as well give up and be a hermit, but even then I feel like somebody would still find me, knock on my door, and tell me that they're here about my car's extended warranty or from a bank I don't have an account with. So frustrating to be constantly bombarded with this stuff. 🤬 Even worse is knowing that one day I might screw up and fall victim to it.
Here from iAmlucid
Sometimes there's villains better than heroes, it happens. Though this scammer got what he did purely by coincidence, but none the less.
Red flag #1 Google/YouTube in any way proactively addressing any customer support issue on their own initiative haha
Wow I never ever thought id hear about the day that the great jim b. would of gotten got, thank goodness he wasn't able to complete his scam but I just always assumed you were way to talented to be tricked. But like you said it can happen to anyone. Even so this is still one of the best channels on U tube. Thanks for the great info you put out...
17:25 "Frightening New YouTube Exploit Takes Down Jim Browning Channel" People just love making stuff up, don't they.
Hi, Jim. You asked if anyone knew where the ad sense info from the scammer came from. I support & watch a channel by a YouTube channel by Elysia English. About 2-3 weeks ago she posted a video about how recent changes to Ad Sense were going to dramatically change how she ran her channel. She said that she would be losing about 1/3 of the revenue she receives, the funds from which she creates content for her DIY home renovation channel. She posted a screen shot similar to your scammer to show her ad sense account but her numbers were not the same. I only remember her monthly amount (the end figure?) was approx. $12 000. I just checked her channel to see if the video was still there, but it appears she deleted it. She was quite upset about this would effect her channel & therefore her family's income. Not sure if this at all relevant. All credit to you for posting your video & getting your channel's content back.
The scammer who tricked jim: *THE TRICKSTER* Jim realizing *THE FOOL*
probably an outraged Indian whose "business " u might have ruined 😂😂😂😂😂
I bet your account was his magnum opus
We support you all the way! Jim you are a legend 👍
unfortunate
email and
Two step authentication is last line of defense. Use two step people.
YouTube channel
Actually fell for a scam in an e-mail for a similar reason a few weeks ago. Scam e-mail about my security questions being changed on my e-mail account.  I went to the actual website instead of clicking on an e-mail link but was still embaressed when I realized the e-mail was fake.
It wasn't exactly
Its still good to have you back man. Looking forward to see what's in store for scammers from you.
This is...kind of what I was worrying about, with scam baiters putting content out there for the scammers to see, it was only going to be a matter of time until they up their game
Scary. Glad you're back, and relatively unscathed. (And just FTR, I found myself still subscribed. So, that's good.)
Scammers are the scum of the earth!!! Hate them all!!! Was scammed twice!! Nigeria is what I found out!!!! 😡🤬
I dont have money or influence I only have what I've worked for and it goes to my family. They wont stop
This is like when Bane broke Batman’s spine.
So, moral of the story, if you get a message from someone claiming to be a companies support agent, go to the actual website and verify through them? Edit: example: with this one where the guy claimed to be from YouTube, go to YouTube itself and speak with their support staff.
I was shocked when i saw the title. Jeeeesss !
Clearly explains how even an expert can get scammed.    Thanks for the insight.
YouTube is super difficult to deal with for channel moving issues. My gmail and YouTube were compromised last year and it took SIX MONTHS for them to get my channel back to me. My gmail was just fully deleted by google- which made it harder to verify myself. Eventually I wrote a parody of Eminem’s Stan and DM’d it to YouTube’s Twitter. Within a day and six months after the fact, they gave me my channel back.
They have called my aunt saying i..... (real name mike)and have claimed i was in a car accident and need money. My great aunt raised my siblings including myself and asked her for more then 2000 to help me (fake me) I'm being targeted. Idk what to do.
Welcome back
Indians speak Indian English which has distinct features, Arabs learn standard American English in high quality schools. If you ever travel in the Middle East it will shock you how well they speak English.
I don’t know how this ain’t on BBC News yet.
Its scary how realistic scam emails are looking, and of course youtube will do whhat youtube does and do absolutely nothing about it
Did youtube really just say they don't have a way to bring back deleted channels.... bruh they deleted leafy's channel and brought it back months later then deleted it again like bruh
this happened to me with steam. my steam account got hacked nearly lost my 90 games
So glad to hear you got your channel straightened back out!
What?!
What'm
"Green energy" jason and mike are the names they like to use
“When the world needed him most... he vanished...”
Time to crush these scammers with much force. Time to show up, in person, at their call centers and teach them a very valuable lesson.
I'm from Turkey and I just gave this guy's information to police
I work in insurance and once had to explain to someone that had been scammed how it had happened, and the person happened to be a former Fraud investigation officer, he was so shocked that he missed all the obvious signs because he had been distracted at the time. This can happen to anyone if the situation is right so I always say never act on something until you have had time to think about it, scammers always rely on that sense or threat of urgency.
That was quite the harrowing tale, Jim. See, this is why I'm happy to be a tiny unmonetized channel-- nobody bothers me. Being an insignificant fly has its advantages.  Cheers!!
Here from Charlie!
Oh Jim, oh Jim
I’m glad my YouTube hero’s channel is back!
jesssuss christ ......they are becoming much advanced now a days stay safe and be very  alert everyone ........
19:28 "an awful lot of support" it almost sounds like you were overwhelmed by the amount of support you were receiving
Best advice I could give for people who receive messages like this. NEVER respond to the initial contact attempt. ALWAYS initiate your own contact at the known good number, email, support chain etc and ask about that email.
Rip
All it takes is one bad day...
H O W | 100%
Sorry this happened.  Thank you again for sharing what you learned with us, and not being too proud to say this can truly happen to anyone.
Close call. We can't lose you.
Jesus. These scammers are getting more intricate
Here's a comment for the algorithm.
Much like Donald Trump, when you tell the truth and expose fraud you get deleted.
Hes back
well you are still doing well !. glad it worked out ok. i have the same thing going on with someone from UPS... conincedence i should receieve a rather  expensive shipping. so i did look athe the invoice... (although on an online pdf viewer)  i also looked at the  domains etc and it seems to come from the UPS but the shipping in question is adressed to some place in cyrpus. the track and trace does say its in the netherlands.. (on the UPS SITE) its really weird. but i dont trust it.  and now ofcoue after asking to what adress it is shipped to since i am not gone open the PDF (although i already did online)  they start the ok well we got your email internally from UPS and you have to make a choice (no clue what coice but i think they want to get the VAT ) and ofcourse saying ok well then we just send the package back...   in the hope of you p[aying any VAT due to the new EU rules i guess.   its a weird email. ill give them a call on monday see what bullshit this is. since i cant figure out what the scam is as of yet.  at least im sure it is one now, sicne he cant tell me the adres cant tell me the person it is adressed to (although that should be easy to figure out... open the dumb PDF)
**other Jim Browning laughing menacingly in the dark**
That was like an interrogation tactic when the cops interview a serial killer, at first they compliment him and say what a great job he did to make him feel smart then he starts confessing and does life in prison
Good Job Christopher from YouTube !!!
Wow. Thank you for walking us through that experience, Jim. It’s a big remainder to be extra careful. I’m glad your anti-scams instincts kicked in eventually and that you reported the scammer. Hopefully, Google and YouTube make a stronger effort to supoort their users against scams.
Ngl, more people should like the video so it reaches as many people as possible
My replies are being suppressed or deleted
Truly love your channel.   You do a really tremendous job and have probably saved thousands of people such as myself a lot of heartache and trouble.   I am way more cautious of everything since watching your videos.  Thx
Your. Channel is is being shadow banned.  I need ur help. A scam wont stop harassing me.
I was just watching your video when it happened
I assume this could be avoided if you just went directly to you tube support from their website? That has always been my go-to when I get any email requesting some action on my part- leave the email alone and go directly to who the email claims to be from. Is there anything risky about that method?
Sad to see it jim. Definitely something you wouldn't immediately spot since you have problems coincidentally. But just to point it out, if you read "choose an account to move this channel to" and then quickly look over the "Your Channel" @6:40 , you can tell that the New Channel is now the Active Channel.  When clicking "replace" , you can definitely identify that you are trying to replace the Big Channel with the content of the New Channel.   A little reading comprehension could have voided that but I can sense there was pressure since of the coincidence.  Either way, its already there and people are dealing with it as well. Thanks for sharing it and  more luck in the future
maaaan I was literally seeing one of your videos, and when I finished it I get down to the comments and then the page was blank. and then I refreshed youtube, inmediatly after that a messege with "you can't watch this video because the content creator deleted the channel"  such a coincidence
I am 16 and you are my inspiration for entering the cyber security field and becoming an certified ethical hacker. (Well not yet😁)
Wow it's pretty shocking this happened to you but I am so glad you managed to recover your channel and got all your stuff back. Keep up the good work your doing!
Hello
If YouTube deletes this man channel he's just gonna hack YouTube and claim it lol
Jim, have you considered setting up a fake http server on a linux vm to listen for IP's? It may work easier than grabify
How the guy was able to send first e-mail from @google.com ? Doesn’t make sense to me.
Fair Play to you for being honest Jim it really goes to show that it can happen to anybody
You're a channel based around scammers and how to avoid and yet you've been scammed...
It sucks that you had to go through all of this,  but it's a great learning tool. It can happen to anyone!
I'M YOUTUBE BRO I'M THE YOUTUUUUUUBE LMMMMMFFFAO
Scan buster got scamed
I'm so glad you got this corrected...
Jim, you had me worried!  I’m so glad you were able to get on top of this.  I’ve learned so much from your videos but I tend to trust people too much so now i’ve become fairly hostile to people who send me unsolicited messages, email and phone calls.  Sometimes scammers take more than your money.
Bruh I just never respond to my gmails ever  edit: im getting swarmed in the comments by scam accounts plz help
A legend beating a legend  ah yes it will be in history
lmfao... you were "tricked" xD
Glad you're back, Jim. The worst bit must have been the thought of having to deal with the real Youtube support, if they're anything like Google Pixel support it's a painful painful process!
BRUH. You gotta respect the game. That scam was GOOD.
Is this real 😶, wow ... I hope you continue
The other day I was wondering why your videos weren't on my feed lol
So THAT'S why I couldn't find you.
Ugggh, this is frustrating!!!   You really have to be vigilant; even though, you're in the profession.  I'm glad that you are back.  We just did our recent security audit in our company.  The company sent out several test phishing emails.  Guess which department had the most victim?  Yes, it was IT!  I have many ways of defending this, but it comes down to being vigilant.
Welcome back Jim. I found new scamm, they try to sell e yuan coins.
they still ringing me i don't answer how do i make my pc safe and mobile?
This isn’t a good title for this video. Most people wouldn’t click on it because if it truly was deleted, it wouldn’t have been shown up.
I bet that guy is a hero for all the scammers. Thy will put a a picture on the wall with the contour of a man with the " ? "  inside and under it the "Saint Scammers Protector" text, and they will touch the picture every time thy start and end the shift. :)). Glad that you are back, and I just Resubscribed.
tbh, just been slightly paranoid of scams through phone, happened quite a lot just sora question their verification and identity checking whether they are a scammer or another option is directly calling the company they are impersonating as, just really annoying
The OTHER Jim Browning went from having just (225) Subs, to now having (1.06K) Subs..............all thanks to the Syrian (Lex Luthor).
Interesting how YouTube Support has a blatant lie in their *boilerplate* response about not being able to restore accounts. 🤥
I LOVE  happy endings!
I’m glad you were able to get your channel back!
Around canada some people from over across the world have been pulling scams where they claim there is a charge against your SIN number, and start telling you that you're going to get arrested if you dont talk to the agent, sadly everytime I try to reconnect to the call, it ends up being some random person that picks up and I found out that the scammers are someone hijacking regular people's numbers to make these scam calls.
Scammer- ill get him this time  Jim- so you have chosen *death*
If you can scan Jim Browning, you are a genius.
If this scam could get Jim it could get anyone If you angered Jim he would find your house location IP address last name, loved ones and the time you will die
You are so correct about circumstances all lining up at the right time, to create ' The Perfect Storm '.
Mine was deleted by a script person accessing my YouTube App through my Android device.
All cooperation sell our info to to scambaiters
Guessing browning is a controlled informer only attacks the little fish and not his masters
Doesn’t look deleted
Microsoft and others back in 90s chose India to be their nxt silicone valley
I'm surprised the Jim actually fell for this. Of course it's not his fault he just made one simple mistake that could've ruined everything but i'm glad he has the channel back.
spiffig brit just had this happen
that title had me going
Google have appointed India part of recent online security
Jim dont scare us like that 😭😭😭
Good to see you back and thanks for the detailed explanation. 2FA is so important and should be enabled on every account everywhere.
Indian police are part of turban mafia, very corrupt.
Appreciate the transparency on a potentially embarrassing situation. Glad things worked out and this is indeed eye opening.
Graham stephan show, i think he took the screen shot from there, or his other podcast channel, he shows his revenue for the channel alot.
Scammers pay local Indian police stations a large cut.
That's hella scary. Imagine what people can do in a few years. You couldn't trust anyone.
Funny how you don't explain why?
For a few days, you made that scammer day. Glad to see you back!
lmao.. all i do as a gen z is ignore all sms, email or calls. im a loner n thr is no reason any1 would ever call me so any random numbers are instantly reported n blocked, smses ignored and... WHO TF CHECKS EMAIL IN 2021 except for boomers? i only get on my email to verify an acc if im actually expecting one.
You tubers it be smart to always have backup channels and upload to both or keep every video on file ready to upload again incase you never get your channel back
Glad your back man, scared me shit less for sure when he got you. Almost got Muta (someordinarygamers), and seems to have got Spiff (spiffing brit) which is just garbage. But anyways, again, glad to see you're alright
It was me I hacked the main frame
Wow, if this can happen to Jim??
Psyched Substance got hit like this too... Only he cant use his channel name anymore (same account But forced to change name), and He doesnt have the Verified check mark...
If a scam can affect someone like Jim then you know they're getting good.  Thanks for sharing it with us and not letting your pride get the better of you. They really are that good, and I agree with you immensely about coincidence helping.
What a video
I was sure it was going to be "India Strikes Back".
Glad you made it back.  !  It even restored my subscribed status, so that was nice.  But I did have to hit the bell icon to reset that.
This is insanity. Glad your channel is back Jim.  Also,it's unfortunate Jim didn't join the scammers to annihilate them from within.
He got Spiffing Brit too...shame
Your the real hero thanks for showing this
I wasn't aware of what happened until I watched SomeOrdinadyGamers' video on it. He almost got caught by the exact same scam and it was super jarring to see two of the tech geniuses I admire fall victim to this. It really does go to show that anyone can be scammed, something I need to remind myself from time to time when watching funny scam baiting videos. These people are scary criminals who are learning just as fast as we are. Glad you're back.
I just assume all emails are scams
First way to tell of its fake: YouTube replies to you.
If Jim fell for it.. none of us are safe..
What's hilarious, is the attempts companies go thru to "secure" their networks through constantly "testing" their own employees, when even the smartest most careful person can be hacked. The real answer is to change how you do business, and build a robust backup and restore methodology. But none of them want to do this, as it is SUPER expensive if you have a huge company. Oh well, they will learn the hard way, like those paying out millions in bitcoin to "fix" their stupidity and cheapness.
I cannot believe that Jim browning can fall for this stupid thing!
Omg
My subscription stayed but hitting the bell again was required.  Hopefully you will go back to the recommended first hit on Google soon
"Naw" clearly got scottish roots. It's only the word mate away from perfection
bro how do you sound so calm during this I would have been fuming anyways I am calling about your cars extended warranty
You got those 3 million back really quickly
The scammers have been busy since Covid and more people staying home. I never had one call or email but recently they have been relentless - Gumtree, Paypal, fraudulent activity and now my internet. But thanks to you and others I am fully aware of them and actually have a bit of a play with them. I'm glad your back and you can continue your great work, and be a little more wiser lol
This is super scary. Gosh hope the youtubers are safe.  Clearly google needs to address this as soon as possible.
Let's hope others that have had their account deleted can get it fixed (Ex: Spiffing Brit).
We are so thankful for all you do and appreciate your hard work exposing this trash. Glad things worked out for you and the channel is back!
It's kinda suspicious when Google ends their email with "we are waiting for your reply". Lol
Oh no. I'm sorry to hear this Jim. You're only another one this past week that I've watched in horror lost their channels. Glad to see you back!
Glad you're back. When I saw you were gone, I was devastated that I wouldn't be able to watch your videos, especially those that I haven't seen yet😭 so it's a relief that you're back.😚 I appreciate your perseverance, too, since YouTube/Google really made it seem like there was nothing you could do to restore what you lost. I confess that I would have given up too quickly. Never give up, never surrender.
Lol they *got you* good, it was so obvious it's not even funny..
7:37 Bruh it literally says do not submit PW through forma
As the saying goes, "learn from other's mistakes as opposed to making your own". In this scenario, you actually had the mindset to make a video documenting how the issue happened. This is essentially a valuable piece of info for YouTuber's who might be in the crosshairs of said scammer(s).  Glad to see you back up on your feet and that you're as human as the rest of us :3, but hey, keep doing what you're doing!  Godspeed, *Jim* !
Charlie/MoistCrtikal did a video on this.
Welcome my hidden Brother, ive missed you. Cant wait to see you get them.
Imagine if Jim had taken that offer to become a scammer. The biggest rebellion in history
What a g. Some people would be so embarrassed they would want to sweep it under the rug but full documentation of the event and how things transpired is amazing. I'm just lucky I am small enough where I will almost never be targeted. Here's to hoping spiffing brit gets his back
"We will perma ban your account. Please click <random link> to talk with us. We are waiting for your response"  3 dead red flags right in the text bro
So happy to have u back. Thanks
so glad you are back!!
I wonder if the scammer is watching this video & taking notes so he’s better for next time..
Don't take it Jim a lot of us support what. You do
Thank you for this very REAL object lesson. We can ALL be unconsciously stupid at sometime. I liken this to the Little Rascals take on a quote usually associated with Abraham Lincoln, "You can fool some of the people all of the time and all of the people some of the time but...you can't fool MOM!" Here, for me at least, MOM = conscious vigilance. Unfortunately vigilance can be driven by conscious negating things such as greed, false hope, confirmation bias, fear and/or longing and camouflage, to name but a few, and none of these things are bad in and of themselves as some of these things are given to us by evolution to aid in our survival and, under certain conditions, can be used against our wellbeing.
Congrats on getting the channel back but I must admit it's kinda funny you got scammed out of your channel
thank you for sharing.  I would think/hope/expect that Google would remove that exploit.  Sorry to hear about your experience and am so pleased it was possible to recover.
Good to see you could recover the channel. You see a person cannot be to careful on the internet.
Proof it can happen to literally anyone.  Dude took down a whole operation yet is still vulnerable. WE ALL ARE.   So Stay woke. Scammers creepin…
Please help the sipiffin brit
The return of the king
Welcome back... Thanks for your continuous dedication to slapping these scammers around 🥊🥊
Any of y'all here think that the scammer(s?) here was specifically trying to target people who were fairly tech literate just for the challenge of it? It seems like the same dudes went after Mudahar and Mark Rober and got Spiff and a few other people who had reputations for being vigilant about this kind of stuff.
Glad your channel has been restored Jim. I used to think only the elderly & foolish people fell for scams, but I now see that is an ignorant way of thinking. Your experience shows that anyone can be scammed, given the right circumstances. Thanks for sharing
All scammers must be destroyed
Welcome back Jim. :)
These scammers are getting super clever
Damn
Scam wars: The Scammers Strikes back!
Wow, that was a noob mistake Jim. Shame on you.
I wondered were you’ve been
Glad to see you back
This is a good guy. But what a Savage throwing in a grabify link. It even looked so shady wonder why he clicked it. 🤔
If someone fooled JB himself then you know you gotta watch out from them
hes not the only one getting this message same thing happened to phycedsubstance
I have to admit how this scammer  must have achived 1 of the bigest scam awards every scammers dream is...    He jebaited Jim Browning
Beans⁶
So here's the twist in this story--all the high-profile scam-baiters, like you and Pierogi and Kitboga, have a bounty on you.  It's a 10 million  rupee reward to any scammer who can get money from any of the above.  That's why Mr. Syria wanted you to send him 100 bucks.  He knew you'd spotted the scam so he tried the pity route.  Since he was only able to get you to go partway through the scam, he only won a million rupees in the pool.    But he is famous among the scammer community and they have all bought him beers.   Thanks for doing what you do, Jim!  And this video was wonderful--to know it can even (almost) happen to you!
This is the most verified people I’ve ever seen in a comment section
all that work and then ask for 100 dollars..why are those people not just going to proper work
Send him a Grabify link to get his IP.
Looks like the tech support scammers are behind this debacle... :_:
Any and all emails i get from Google i send back to them as phising attempts. Must drive them nuts, but they have known of this loophole for some time. Glad to see you back Jim.
You shouldn't have shared the flaw in Google forum,now he will improvise and scam more 🙁
I actually get scam emails alot and like to mess with them by sending, "interesting" links that I ran through a website that changes the link so it looks like a different one
OMG I stopped watching your videos for like 2 months and all this happened ........ scary
GLAD U GOT EACH N EVERYTHING BACK🤘🏼
Im YouTube lmao 🤣🤣🤣
If I ever get an email that tells me to follow a link to anything other than verifying my email address after I've just made an account for something then I will NEVER click it, i will always google search for the page myself from the appropriate company.
Hahah...seems like vendetta of indians
Lol. Got'emmmm. Sorry, bud I had to.  :)
I was wondering where your channel went
Now I'm scared of giving you a thumbs up lol. Good to see you back and sharp as always Mr Browning.
Jim is the itachi of the western world
Its all about timing and it really is
The only mistake here was clicking on a link.  YOU NEVER EVER click links. Even if it's legitmate - ask for a different way of contact.
This is like a marvel movie. 2 superhuman computer people battling it out. Glad you're back Jim.
Jim, thanks for getting these company fraudsters caught., 😎👍
No wonder I wasn't getting any new video notifications from you. What I learned is to check your account first before clicking any links and that even the best of us can get scammed, but good job noticing in the end. You are a hero.
Glad you are back Jim! It can happen to anyone. Especially those of us that are curious about how scams work...I have a bad habit of clicking sketchy links to educate my viewers on what attacks look like....
Even as a small creator, I'm getting a fair few scam emails about "sponsorships, deals and offers" that are like this. Usually look pretty official but a few red flags
wow the expert got scammed - I'm too scared to click on anything now.
The fact that real youtube didn't warn at all about deleting videos (only comments and likes) is pretty poor
These scammers are evolving very smart people but actual scumbags taking peoples hard earned fortunes it’s actually disgusting you could lose everything just from a couple of clicks of your mouse scary !
Damn you really got tricked here. This time the scammers got you. Im happy you got your channel back
RIP The Spiffing Brit's channel :(
The master has fallen but risen again
This is why no matter how authentic an email, phone call, text or any thing else may seem, you NEVER just use the supplied way to respond. Always consider it a scam first and then work out if its real.  Every time ive gotten anything that seems legit, I CALL them on a number that i know it correct or for a youtube account you might have to create your own email to send to support or whatever. Always start your correspondence. Once you contacted them, inform them about whatever it was you received and if its legit they will have it in their system or be able to connect you to someone who would know. NEVER trust an email, phone call, text, or mail that you did not already know was coming and even then confirm it. If i know my sister is emailing me a link, i will call to make sure im looking at the right email.
They actually have scam in the US too. And it's legal. I no somebody works at a call center and they get numbers and do calls all day for people that owe money but tech don't need to pay anymore but they pretend they have to.
I appreciate how calm you remained. I would have been so annoyed!
My mum fell for a banking fishing scam just after she made a large purchase just needs a small coincidence to throw your guard down, hope you got it all sorted fully   halfway through the vid at the moment
Glad you're Back, hopefully the Spiffin Brit also gets his Channel back from the Scam.
Poor "Other" Jim is going to get all those clicks! Good news tho, those looking with your keywords will find you still - and he will get mega hits on YT.
You sound like the good cop from the lego movie
I love how you could've had this big huge ego and not let anyone know. This is bigger than you and me. If these people can get you. They can get anyone else and That's very scary man... Thank you for this info
JIM BROWNING GOT SCAMMED??? WOW.
So, you got scammed. Can happen to anyone. Shit happens. Still annoying though.
The great advantage of scammers: they're prepared, you're not, you're on your everyday routine, not alert. Things like coincidence or impatiance can help scammers get better results.
Hey Jim, I DO KNOW why they would send "no way to recover." Tier 1 anything tries to get blokes to sod off in almost all cases, Big Tech is underfunded where security response (not prevention) counts. 25 year vet of Tech Support and Call Center (non-scam, finance and telco) speaking here. It's management-instituted, cost-cutting, in the business plan sloth.
Welcome back!
good to see you back of course. though i'd ask you let the other jim browning keep the URL, he seems nice.
I mean you gotta give the syrian kid credit, bringing down the GOAT.
Wow. It's scary that someone like you could be scammed like that. I always thought of people getting scammed to be idiots but seeing how convincing that scam was and how you, someone with a lot of experience in scams, were fooled by this person makes me more alert for this. Thank you for the video and I'm glad it all went well in the end.
thank god you’re back!! so sorry this happened to you
google
Yeeeooooooo.  Jim
Very humbling for us. Thanks for sharing.
I appreciate you sharing the whole story, even if it does mean you had to show that you -at least partially- fell for a scam.  It's important for people to understand that scammers are out there and trying ALL THE TIME, and can be very convincing.  It pays to be vigilant, and I always recommend using 2FA whenever possible.  It's inconvenient, but so much more convenient than losing access to accounts.  Thanks for the video Jim, and keep up the good work!
If the master is falling for scam and now image all of us laymen?...scary what those scammers can do.
The Channel with 3 mil subs was probaly the spiffing brit because got his channel got deleted yesterday as well as you.
Glad you are back and you are not too big headed to even admit ANYONE can make mistakes, even yourself. Mad props!
.welcome back JIM !!!!!
Also, its very unlikely that any legit email that says theres an issue with your account, and then Goes straight to -You will be permanently banned, or deleted, is suspect.
Thank God I didn't need to resubscribe
So glad to see you back up and running and I didn't need to re-subscribe, had me still already subscribed to you. I've had people try to scam me and my family before in the past but none of them have been successful but have came close a few times over the years but always manage to see one thing after another that stands out that revealed that they are a scammer.   I always question anything and everything that I receive on the internet, phone or any other thing that it maybe. *I get a lot of robot calls / scammer calls and etc etc.*    But still, glad to have you back. <3
I think the real story here is you actually got someone from Google to respond to a tech support request.
Google support: we cant delete something we deleted Everyone who has ever used a computer: lolwut   It never ceases to amaze me how lazy and ignorant most customer support departments, no matter the company.
this acc happening to a lot of youtubers
Glad to see that you're back up and running. A good lesson for us all about complacency and inattention when dealing with accounts.
people actually check their emails?
NOOOOOOO
If it's not a mail from google about recent login then that shit goin in the bin
Oh man … you blinked!!! 🤪🤪🤪🤪 sorry.  Never PayPal for anything.
What a crazy story, unbelievable...
Slow and steady is the way🤣
Now all I see is 666k views and 3.3M subscribers
So basically you got got by a obvious scam 🤣😂🤣😂
Thankyou for being honest in your recent events regarding YouTube, it takes a lot of courage and guts to admit that even you was almost deceived by a scammer, I would like to thank you in regards to the path that I have now taken in cyber security and to keep up the good work that you do! You are an inspiration!  And certainly are  to me…keep up your good work sir in not only taking down the scammers but in also promoting awareness.
Welcome back Jim! I am glad you were able to get your channel back and I am happy you are okay.
The text in the email is formatted in 4 separate lines, instead of a single paragraph.  Also, one thing I'm taking away from this is: if I ever get unsolicited support speaking to me, I'll be trying to take them off script as early as possible, to force them to reveal their true english skills. That's one way to verify them.
We are all human, your error understandable.
Well done, Jim, and many thanks for the information. I was scammed years ago while I was going through a divorce. It is surprising now, when I look back on it, that my radar wasn't working. Fatigue, stress, information overload, and as you said coincidence all contribute. Best wishes from London.
https://youtu.be/7rslTtlD804  You guys should have a chat I'd say 😉
He got got !!
So glad that you were able to handle it! Nice to have you back!
Welcome back!
You pretty much helped him make his scam better by telling him what convinced you it was YouTube at first 🙄
Have to admit the scammers are getting better. Even the HMRC scam has a British voice.
Eye-opening that even someone as informed as you can still be fooled - and so can the rest of us!  Happy that your channel has been restored and thankful that you shared this with us.  I wish you success in your efforts to combat these people, as well as all other areas of your life.  You are absolute gold and deserve good things.  Looking forward to more content!  :)
Confirmation bias bites you in the bum
K so surprisingly  non of this happened  to me. I was able to see ur account  n view ur old videos which i was watchin on a daily basis.
Wow, I'm hoping deep down you played along for fun
You gonna hunt him right? please tell me you gonna hunt him
So glad you got your channel back. It just shows how anyone can fall for a scam. I felt such a fool when I got scammed by "Amazon". Luckily my bank saved me just in time.
What i don't get is why does YouTube say they can't recover a deleted account when they actually can?
That’s must be quite the badge of honor. The scammer who scammed Jim Browning… I suspect he will forever live in fear as he’s made a very dangerous enemy!
You are a ledgend, I'm so glad you sorted it out and thank you for keeping us informed on these sneaky tactics that these scammers are using.
OMG i was in your channel yesterday and i thought that you deleted all of your videos. Thank god u are still here
Teach us your way, Senpai
You was tricked  My next thought  Are they insane
Sorry this happened to you!!! Other YouTuber have been suffering from this as well. It's just terrible especially to people whose livelihood is solely earned on YouTube! Creeps!
So glad that your account is back! I work as customer contact for a bank and I recommend your channel to a lot of victims of scams so they can see scammers getting their comeuppance. I’m from NI too
Perfect english 🤣
SO glad to see you back though
Nooooo!!
As me a Syrian I totally disgrace this Syrian scammer.
It’s very unprofessional of google to allow anyone to use the google.com domain to send emails. I hope they act on this immediately.
Gee  You sure got more than 3 million subs quickly 🙄🧐
All these scammers are such awful people. I worked in computer repair and not only did I see many clients who've been victims, I've seen my immigrant friends try to call clients for updates, only for the client to answer and immediately hang up the second they hear anything but an American accent, assuming it's a scam call.      We also get a lot of clients that DEMAND to speak with an American. We have a fella who was born in PA then went back to Syria with his family when he was very young and thus his accent is very thick. So they demand an American, we give a them one. It's just gross that those kinds of people have all these scammers giving them a 'reason' to try to justify their preexisting bigotry.
You should include the 'need to re-subscribe' notification somewhere in the begining. Indeed I needed to do so.
JIMMYS BACCKKK
Hi
Jim your video description contains some information multiple times ;)
Wow  Man great channel and content.  Always a learning experience seeing all the different types of scams.
Omy that tough
You are a rock star Jim.  Glad you came out of this.
Halo Infinite bots ond the 3rd day of gameplay:
Can you ask the other Jim Browning to change his YT URL? Maybe for some money?
Does anyone else feel he talks a bit slowly? I decided to try watching this at 1.5x speed and after a minute or two I forgot it was even sped up. Was still easy enough to follow
we must be thankful for Jim Browning not accepting the scam recruitment.. imagine how powerful he is if he become the bad guy... anyway.. glad you came back Jim!
The Spiffing Brit just had his channel deleted too.  Probably the same scam.
Haha.
I did not have to resub :) keep up the good work!
Fuck, we’ve just witnessed goliath defeated
Your new youtube channel link (UCBNG0osIBAprVcZZ3ic84vw) is as easy to remember as my password - no problem at all xDDD
I would love to see you interview this scammer.   Sort of a "victim meets perpetrator" thing like you see on news magazine shows.
You should be very suspicious of any emails running this channel. Best of luck.
Jim lets get revenge on those scammers
This just goes to show all of us that even a incredibly trustworthy, cautious and reputable person like yourself Jim can be scammed. This should be an eye opener to all of the people watching that we must be more diligent and cautious when it comes to circumstances like these.
Don't beat yourself up and it happens to everyone you're a damn good person and you surely don't deserve what happened to you
lol if hes asking for 100 dollars he obviously doesnt own a channel that big
Oh shit, your channel is back! I'm glad you got this all sorted out with the real YouTube!
Great vid and respect for putting this on here.
Unfortunate
Someone does not like you.
Jim, stuff like this is why it might be a good idea to set up a mailing list for interested fans.
PERFECT ENGLISH?!
I saw what happened, i love your channel and respect what you do it sucks that they targeted you and I'm glad your back with all your videos
I thought I couldn't be scammed, then my a family friend sent me a link and wouldn't tell me what it was. Just said I was in it and he was very surprised. I got nervous because there's lots of things on the internet I don't inherently want my family knowing about.... so I clicked the link, put in my facebook account info, and shortly after I got hacked. I ended up closing my facebook account completely out of shame if nothing else. I had never heard of a scam like that before.
This scammer has done something that none other has been able to for a long time. He scammed Jim Browning himself. Glad you got your account back Jim! But still, its also scary how convincing some scams are getting. But at the same time this scammer had a one up, as he was attacking something dear to Jim, so even if he had his guard up as always, he also was worried he might lose something he loves dearly!
#JimIsBack
Well its simple    You click on delete channel
Now this is the most horrifying video on Youtube.  The man himself has been scammed...
Wow. Very convincing. Having worked for a very large tech company dealing with security issues like this, to a normal person it'd be very easy to do. Also you were distracted which didn't help. A couple things I noticed were the greeting in the email just said "Hi" and normally emails from companies have your name, a simple "Hi Jim" or something. If they are vague like "Hi customer" or "Hello YouTuber" or dont say any name, that's a red flag. Also, never click chat links in emails. They can easily be spoofed, even on official platforms. The best thing to do is if you're unsure whether or not the email is legitimate, contact YouTube/Google directly and ask them about the email and whether your account seriously has an issue. Sure its a few extra steps rather than conveniently clicking the link but that's the only way to be 100% sure you're speaking to the actual support team. The form was a dead giveaway though.
human beings will always surprise me. Imagine on all people this guy tries to scam Jim Browning.🤣🤣
Thank you for being honest and showing us this as knowledge is key, It's always worth hanging up and calling the 'company' yourself if you have any suspicions at all. x
I think  the Spiffing Brit fell victim to one of these scams
Glad to have you back.
"More than 12"? Who says that... except someone who can only count to twelve?
Welcome back! Very useful info to prevent future thefts like these! THANK YOU!
Welcome back!
When he asked if there’s anyone you hate enough to have their channel deleted I was kinda hoping you would say Logan/Jake Paul 🤪. But seriously, this is really scary and I’m glad you got your channel back. This is so unnerving knowing they’re getting smarter and more advanced.
Fucks sake Jim. How did you fall for this? And WHY wasn't your FIRST step to verify if he actually was from Google or YouTube? WHY? You should know better. Good lord, all faith in humanity just washed down the toilet with this.
Feels good shutting down a pos scammer
Let's get them, Jim! ANGRY MOB MODE INITIATE!
One of the most genuine person on YT - Mr Jim Browning
Am glad to have back my suspended YouTube channel back. Thanks *chaztools* on Instagram you're the best sir..
Welcome back jim
Am glad to have back my suspended YouTube channel back. Thanks *chaztools* on Instagram you're the best sir..
Happy you got your channel back!
All I can say is I'm glad the scammer didnt know who Jim Browning is and what  his channel is all about! I was so nervous he might’ve been Indian and did it in purpose targeting him! Oh my gosh Jim Browning! Thank you for all your help for us! And all the dedication!,! Your tech knowledge is unbelievable! Genius!!
Scammers trying to get rid of Jim? Yeah good try
Thank you for doing this video. I hope it will help people who became victims of scammers to be less ashamed about it and perhaps warn others via their own experience, or even feel confident to write a public review or even take legal action against offending businesses and individuals.
Its the dark times.. jim browning got scammed.. its like a lock picking lawyer couldn't pick a lock. Or like Michael didnt say hey vsauce.   And I commend you for giving us the info, and knowing and recognizing your mistake, and bringing it to light for us.   Showing you're also vulnerable. Thank you.
Google fucked up, not you
It is not surprising, it is indeed possible for anyone, even those among the best of their craft, fail miserably at times. Anyone can be scammed. Period. Anyhow, welcome back!
Thank Kek you're back!!!
Glad to see the videos intact with likes views and comments.
That's insane
So glad that you are back.
Happy to see you back,man. Has us all worried man,Stay safe
The true master shows his failures to make his pupils learn. Big man jim, youre a rolemodel
Glad your back and hats off for explaining what happend. Amazing that even you can be scammed. I work with email for a large company and we fight with all kinds of scammers daily. It can be hard to tell a legit mail from a scam. No wonder why the users can't tell the difference.
This is what happens when you outsource our jobs overseas. These people work for major corporations and understand the steps from within.  Then try to scam overseas because they could get away with it.  Bring back jobs to America instead of always bringing BILLIONS of dollars in profit you greedy corporations!  Lol. Great video!
13:39 this screenshot might be fake  he could just  inspect element
Tip: set video speed to 1.5x!
This man is literally the number 1 Youtuber of all time. No ifs, ands or buts.
Take your revenge Jim... He who laughs last....
I love this youtuber. He teaches me how to do so many scams.
So glad you’re back! Muta (SomeOrdinaryGamers) was also contacted, however the English wasn’t as convincing as yours; it seems the hacker had learned from previous feedback by the time of contacting you. His video is worth a look.  I’m also convinced I’ve seen that stats screenshot in an older video from TheTekkitRealm but it could take a while to narrow down!  On the security of 2FA: while it has helped a great deal, there are still potential ways and means around it if someone were so inclined. Some are very targeted so not highest risk possibility, but others are scarier.  I’m sure there are great videos out there on the subject, and how to defend against hackers/rippers bypassing 2FA. If not there really needs to be!
Whoa this has gone viral Jim!
CONGRATS! this is a great cautionary tale that even EXPERTS get duped. It's also a great anatomy of a complex scam that affects only some of us. Nice work.
You can't trust anything these days. not even for a second
This again validates the rule I tell people in my retirement community to NEVER, EVER to click on a link in an email. Go to the site directly and verify there is or is not a problem.   It's so pathetically simple to make an email or website look real. Better to set up a code with friends and relatives to add to their subject line in their emails.  A simple ABC or whatever could never be known by a bot or scammer. But when in doubt pick up the phone. To can never get into trouble by never clicking on email links.
Even Jim can be scammed. I can't imagine how many tech illiterates people that have been scam.
Theoretically, this scammer could be part of a mafia organization. Maybe he or a team of people HAVE scammed $2.5 million in total over many months/years, but they don't see any of it? Similar to Indian call centers where the scammers make peanuts, but the owners make a decent amount.  If I had to guess, though, this was probably a scammer who admires your work and took the time to plot a way to get one by you.  I'm probably looking too much into it. But it's fun to think about :)
Welcome back Jim Browning. Really messed up the lengths these asshats take to pull a fast one on people :(
Good to see your back.
my goal in life is to rickroll you
Jim this is outstanding. I'm sorry you had to go through this but dang its impressive.
Mark Rober not getting scammed cuz he couldnt remember his password is the most Mark Rober thing ive seen
You hit the bad ones. If you went for the good ones they would probably monitise you. Good is bad, bad is good. A typical satanic reaction. This also maybe correct in theme too ??
18:25 lmao hahahaha
didn't even notice you were gone
"I only want $100"  Well maybe go get a job don't try to scam the biggest scam buster on Youtube then.
Wow.  Even the Dumbledore of anti-scammers gets scammed.
IAMLUCID on his channel explained this
You're the man, Sir. Jimothy Browning, much respect ✊
I'm sorry you lost the friendly url, damn...
Jim, I'm so happy you got your channel back! :D
Major props for this Jim. I really hope YouTube makes the whole thing with moving and trasnfering clearer
OK I only needed to see the first three minutes . Here are the Red Flags you ignored : 1.You Tube does not send notices in Chat if you get them delete Chat . Chat is accessible by anyone on the web so it is INSECURE to use for monetized Channels . You Tube uses its Creator Community Guidelines address for all notices and they do not use Google to send them  . THAT IS A RED FLAG ! 2." We Are Waiting For Your reply " You Tube never waits for replies ! You may appeal a decision AND THAT IS IT ! Waiting is a phishing Scam word urging you to open the email ... Any personal emails from YT are Community Guideline Violations found by the Algorithm and sent to a team to approve then you get a standard email telling you the punishment and you can appeal .Man you are monetized you should know this ! ANOTHER RED FLAG ! 3. ONLY USE the You Tube Creator Community emails OPEN NO OTHERS . That is their line of communication only . 4 Your largest Mistake was communicating with them ! Never communicate with Phishing Hackers ! BIG RED FLAG !  So You Tube did not delete your account the Hackers have taken it over and will now get the monetization cash . You need to notify YT that your channel has been hacked and PLEASE my friend ! Stop emailing the Hackers ! So if YT restores your channel under a different URL you can resume monetization but you will need a new bank account . And remember Jim we 3.33 million subs WANT YOU BACK !
My husband and I were worried about you Jim, when your channel disappeared. I admire that you’re admitting this happened to you. I wouldn’t believe it if you hadn’t told us. I always think about you as a super hero and this just shows you’re human. You’re a good guy, bro. Thanks for telling us all about this. I’ve sent your videos to a lot of the elderly people in my life, trying to protect them.
😱😱😱
This is why I don't ever read my email and don't plan on doing so.
Tried to click the Patreon link, but it took me to the page of this guy Jim that lives down the road from me.
Glad to see you were able to keep your stuff Jim! May this serve as a reminder to both yourself and others that no matter how good you are at combating scams, even the most weathered of fighters can still succumb to what they're fighting every now and then. Keep up the good work!
This Jim Browning guy is like an Anime Teacher that teach the enemy how to fight
This is scary! No one is safe!
Note to Jim Browning. Your name on end of url seems available, since when I tried to visit it I got jimbrowning doesen't exists.
The same thing happened to @Psyched Substance - that might be his channel that the scammer was bragging about!
Yay! You're back!
damn bro, u got fucked.
I don’t know why that ending was so terrifying, haha.
Welcome back. Learned a lot in this video.
He could be a rogue YouTube employee
I'm sorry... but I'm 5 minutes in and the bells are deafening...  But I'm simply paranoid in general and don't even answer calls from numbers I don't recognize.
The Boogieman nearly got boggied. Damn
I received that exact same email. Thank god I didn't click on it and reported it to YouTube instead. Good to see you back, Jim!
youtube support's 1st reply mail was useless tho...sigh
Even Spiffing Brit got hit by this...
Love your work Jimbo
It's ok jim
Here's a funny part of my story. Some one used our university domain and mass spend emails to all students with a professor name and picture. Within the email he stated kids would be charged for microsoft platforms and if they didn't request this that they would need to cancel it through a Google form. When I clicked the Google form one thing that really alerted me was asking my password and I knew no one not even a university would ask for my password. Scary what people would do. I didn't think people could actually use domains of a company or school but I was totally wrong and made me do more research into it. But glad your back Jim.
Good on you getting it back
Same thing happened to the polish science related channel, which got deleted because of some scammers hacking into it to stream some bitcoin-ass nonsense that is against YouTube's regulations.
Your voice reminds me of grandpa and he had a stroke recently and I just don't know what's going to happen I don't think he will be the same again I have to look it up for more info and I'm just a kid so I don't know what the fuck is going to happen I'm just ah I'm crying for real he was really nice smart and just just I don't know I haven't seen him in a long time and he got covid
That's why I can't find you on YouTube when I want to watch you because your channel got deleted.
For YEARS did I claim that I knew what I was doing and taught others how to protect themselves from scams...yet, just like you. In a twisted way of coincidence, shock and a brain that was lacking sugar and just wasn't working. I got scammed pretty hard as well, in a way that I now look at it and wonder: HOW?! Surely you are not dumb enough to fall for that! ...Yes...I did... coincidence and opportunity with just the right scammer, at the right time and the right words falling into place. Like being interrogated by the CIA, it is amazing how they pull you into their world. I am glad you are back, we need you!
Not very smart for someone who hunts scammers, but yeah shit happens....
this legit scares the crap out of me. In the past Ive gotten so many dodgey emails that I never know wether or not they are real anymore. Glad you got everything up and running again. I hate scammers with a passion
That’s so Jim, he gets scammed then dissected and exposed the scam.
Welcome back Jim. Very interesting story! Good to see you back! Key message here is for people is to use 2-SA for everything that is important to them be it personal, financial or both.
As a non monetized Creator I wonder why are you even opening emails to your channel ? It makes no sense . I am going now to view you video then I will return to give an opinion of how it all happened be right back Bruh
until now i was 100% confident i could tell scammers appart ...... now that jim got scammed i dont even know anymore lol
Welcome back!
"I earn 16.000 $ a month, but please just give me 100 bucks I will unblock your account" mhm sure
That was a very, very clever scammer. I would have fallen for it too.
It wouldn't surprise me if youTube would send a message like that
this a great video because you were the victim. If that doesn't convince people that *anyone* can be scammed, nothing will. Glad it's all good now :)
Feels great to see the channel back. Cheers. Wish to learn from you on cyber security
You sound like Liam Neeson.  The next time you talk to a scammer you should tell them you have a “certain set of skills”
This is definitely crime-drama anime episode
10:10 hehehe pass not past
I was watching your videos when it happened. Finished one video, and the next was a dead link. Went back to my recommendations, clicked on the link, was also dead. Felt like a rapture of sorts.
holy crap man!!!  glad you got it all sorted out my dood :)
Scammer be like,  There is no Youtube... I AM YOUTUBE.
This read like a conversation from that sniper movie "The Wall" ...
Haha i just love how tables had turned foe this scammer. Go get'em Jim. You are doing god's work
Glad you’re back!
Ugh.
I almost fell for a scam and it was only when they started talking about transferring my money to another account that I realized it must be a scam. I appreciate this and other channels that alert us to the latest attempts. Just recently I have been extraordinary lucky as I keep getting emails from all the leading retailers Amazon, Tesco etc telling me that I have won some prize usually up to £500, not even worth replying to.
I am a web developer (novice) and I got caught up in a crypto wallet scam. They posed as tech support and sent me a form to "re verify account" and boom gave them all my wallet details. If I would've been on my pc I would've seen the form was not correctly formatted. Anyways hope that karma gets them after taking 5k.
Scammer- "Ive made almost $2.5 million" Also Scammer- "Can you please just send me $100? I really need it"
Scary thing about this, this guy must've worked at YouTube at some point, when my old account got hacked and taken and I was working with real YouTube to get it back they had me make a brand account to attach it to just to get it back in my hands.
Hey, I will contact Speed Net in turkey, which is the ISP of the scammer. I'll post the results
Jim, I think this scam has to do with all those Checkmarked bot accounts we've been seeing lately, I mean, look at you Top Comments, they're all channels with shitty repetitive content and thumbnails that don't make any sense, and could never have brought them all those views and subs, yet they still have in average at least 200k+ subscribers. People doing the scam you fell victim to, sell these verified accounts with a good following, or use scripts to copy top comments on videos made by other real viewers and attract attention and likes thanks to their Checkmarks.
Once i got scammed from a russian dude. The situation was very similar, but instead of a YouTube account he took my steam account. Sent some legit looking emails, changed my password and he got access. After a while i got it back nothing was missing.
Scammers are getting smart? x.x
Unfortunately, it happens to the best of us man
Wow.. let's be honest, he is just part of a bigger network. He lacks the brains to abuse the google.com domain and his English is lacking. However, someone familiar enough with the YouTube system Is making some nice scripts.
22 on trending
YouTube wouldn't be the same. Glad your back!
I’ve usually bought my wow gametime from third party retailers, and I understand what you meant of coincidence scams.  Last time i did this, I got a whisper from a scammer with the in game name “Blizzard” saying I had used third party transactions and would be banned unless I replied and followed a link.
You still have to change the youtube.com/jimbrowning
He might have inspect element the channel analytics
Oh Jim, I’d be lost without you man Glad you’re back
The scammer got sike XD🤡
Owned noob
Welcome back 👍 you are precious to all
Ohhh, Someone pour gasoline on the Fire !!  🔥🔥🔥 He coming for you Scammers !!
Hey man, some people can be very convincing, especially former employees who know how the real thing looks. Mad props for how you handled this. It would have broken a lesser man I'm sure. It's a lot of work put into a channel so I get how you thought this was real. I mean anyone can be scammed. Former employees are the number one suspect to me. I used to work for a gas company and had a scammer reported to me on the job. I should correct that, I had to alert the customer that they were being targeted for a scam. The fake bill was so convincing it was made on our stationary with the watermark. Blank forms were stolen from the worker and they faked a bill in their home pc with a real bill as the template. Nothing matched, fake number, fake amount... but a real address to mail in the bill and a phone number to call which was not ours. The customer was lucky, had our number pre programed into their phone instead of calling the scammer to fork over their credit card. It took months to find the person and he did scam some people who just mailed in the fake amount to the scammers address, but all payments were stopped beforehand by the banks and by the mailing service. Always report what you can, even if it's only 100 bucks... don't just pay and say "all well I got scammed." Always report, you can help others.
O
Sad, a legit hacker got scammed, but good vids keep it up.
I don’t check my email so i can’t get scammed like this XD
👌🏻👌🏼
such irony, glad good prevailed!!!
Glad you got your channel back. Sorry to hear even you got scammed! I wondered why I hadn't seen any of your videos for a bit. Love your videos best of all as you are really brilliant at getting the horrible scammers off the scene and reporting them . Best wishes and glad you're alright. Rosalind Owens 😊
Hi Jim, Nice to see You back my friend. Glad everything ended well. I really hate Scammers. Since Covid, I have never seen so many Scams going around. Greetings from Belgium.
I know it’s easy to shame and blame other people who get scammed but in reality no one is 100% protected against them. I myself got scammed with a fake email address. Good job on exposing this type of scam, Jim!
I knew you would overpass this situation , great learning experience . Glad to see you back in business . God Bless you
Takes a real man to realize his mistakes, and turn it into not only a learning experience, but a teaching experience. Glad you're back!
Sheesh, they targeted the wrong channle.. almost like selling fake honney to bees.. speaking of honney-
Hi Jim, I'm a PhD psychologist who has been watching ur  channel for a year and studying these scamers. Psychopaths share 2 common traits 1) no empathy for victims and 2) no remorse.  Glad you recovered your channel. By revealing to all, what happened to you, you showed the world; a) you are only humain, imperfect but perfectible, b) you weren't afraid to admit to a lapse of judgment, a sign of security with who you are, a rare human trait. A sign of fortitude as well. Bravo.  Scamers tried at least 5 times to scam me but, no way José, once they mention "gift card;" I hang up but not before leaving them with this thought from Mlk; " I'm sorry for you for not knowing a better way." Having lectured on "Deviance and Crime" for years I blame more the Indian government and how it mistreats (and discrminates against) the untouchables in India. Their rigid cast system keeps them poor and desperate, no wonder they scam others; a bottled up anger at a regime which deprive them of a decent way to make an honest  living. "Anti social behavior occurs when people are frustrated in fulfilling their needs," (B.F. Skinner, father of behavior modification in the usa, where I've been living  for 42 years). God bless u as well for rescuing some many of the elderly victims,, a vulnerable population indeed (I'm 68 myself) from the evil of these lost souls and wrong doers. Continue your noble and ethical work so many people appreciate u and the noble work you do. "It's not about you;" writes the author of the bestseller; "The Road Less Travelled." It's about those who suffer in silence, like my patients and the victims you rescue selflessly. God bless you; your parents should be proud to have a son who spend so much of his time 1) opening minds and 2) helping the less fortunate. Thank you. "A LIFE WORTH LIVING."
Lucky I rarely check my emails
I got a red 'subscribe' button so hit it to re-subscribe. Actually I'm note sure whether I was subscribed before, but happy to do so anyway, as I've enjoyed so many of your videos. Keep up the good work!
Bro these scammers are a different fucking breed nowadays 🤦🏾‍♀️
This played out like a soap opera... You could be a narrator for documentaries.
Boomer moment
Great news Jim that your channel has been restored 👍
You are back! All of us were so worried, and this case clearly shows that anyone can be scammed. Thanks for sharing your experience with us Jim, and once again, welcome back.
good to see ya back
Someone actually trick Jim ? God damnnn no one is safe
That is a wild story. Guess we all need to be extra cautious if the God of tech support scams himself can be temporarily conned. Glad all is restored! Much love, Jim.
Thanks for sharing! Glad to have you back!!
Thanks for this video Jim. I am so glad it has all been sorted out.
The ill spark fundamentally desert because fly desirably turn regarding a resolute circulation. afraid, sparkling light
The man is back!
So basically you have to ignore all email solicitations until you talk to them in person. I bet it would be easier to pick up scams that way.
This channel should have the most viewed videos in the world so it can root out criminals. I wanna start out by finding the 367 dislikes who are clearly scammers
Glad to have you back!
11:30 THAT WAS SUCH A GOOD OPORTUNITY TO INFILTRATE THE SCAMMERS!!!!! that would be epic
You know it’s rough when the person who confronts scammers gets scammed.
The same thing happened to psychedsubstance. They are a drug awareness YouTube channel with 2 million subs. They were able to take his details and delete his channel/ hold them hostage.  I think more channels are about to be targeted.
i hope spiff can work this out too. i dont even want to know how many other people did this because like you said we all can get scammed no matter what . and for you and spiff to have this done to them. imagine the bigger picture. its great youre making this video because even tho you happened to be scammed you took that knowledge and gave it to the public
Its very humbling that you shared this experience with everyone considering your 3.3 million subscribers came from videos showing you getting the upper hand on scammers. It definitely shows scammers are getting vast in ability
Wow. Can happen to anyone!
Well well Jim got baited 😭
Wow, one of my fav. channels almost gone?!?!
Mutahar at someordinarygamer got hit with this too. He tweeted it to yt support.
Everyone needs to thumbs up this video!
Jesus christ jim, how many forms do you have?!
I didnt need to resub but im glad you are back Jim.  This is a big lesson to learn for all of us.  When i watch your channel it's more of a controlled chaos approach and can just blink out whenever things go south, and it makes it feel like its almost nothing. Here, this goes to show how real it is.  Im grateful to people like you, who show and educate about this topic.  Keep up the good work Jim and stay safe out there.
*why you should use 2fa on Google* I have been scared of trying 2fa because it seemed like it would be annoying but honestly, after getting a spook by having someone log in from another country for months without my knowledge, i enabled 2fa for my Google account. Turns out that it really is not annoying. I get a notification on my phone when i login from a new device and just need to click "yes". Takes 2 seconds. Highly recommend everyone does the same.
Great content Jim. It's always good to let people know that even the most attentive and experienced of us are able to be scammed if circumstances align. I had similar when an ISP scammer called me right as my internet had gone down and I was about to pick up the phone to call the real support. Similarly to you, because I was distracted and it matched what was happening to me, I fell for it, right until they started asking for personal information, at which point I rumbled them. It was a big wake up call, and allowed me a lot of compassion towards those that are scammed by 'obvious con jobs'. In my work as IT support, I would often have to deal with the fallout of people being scammed and having their computers and accounts compromised, and after my experience I would always make sure to tell the victims not to feel stupid or foolish, because anyone can fall for these things. Cognitive dissonance that you are too smart to be scammed, and denial that you have been scammed, are weapons in the scammers arsenal, and allows for more scams down the line. Nobody should be embarrassed or ashamed that they have been scammed, and the more stories told, the more information is out there for people to avoid this in the future, for themselves and for others. You do great work, and I applaud you.
This guy causually breaks hacking laws in the UK and allowed to make money of it on youtube. Its like ownagepranks, that guy makes yt money of harrassing people on phone calls
I am shocked you fell for this scam. When they addressed you with Hi and not your name, that would send alarm bells and Google would never ask to do what you did. You should of gone on google live chat and asked the question.
you underestimated scammers and you were too confident; please be careful; we love your channel
An interesting side piece has come from this. I'm still subscribed, but now ALL of your videos are being recommended to me I think based on the algorithms and the fact that it knows I have watched a good chunk of your stuff, but when I say ALL mean ALL your videos, even ones I've seen. Interesting none the less.
Damn, what a lost it would've been for us and such a big win for the scammers.  Glad it didn't happen !
I can’t believe you fell for that, Atomic Shrimp warned so many times of such email structures, not to mention a simple googling will reveal it’s a scam.  I’m glad ur back though, hip hip hooray for 2FA.
3.33M subscribers on an account where you tell people how not to get scammed and you got scammed by something that a blind man could have seen coming!?! Lol
Jim Browning: you're strong boy but I am beyond strength
Palpatine: I am the Senate ❌  Scammer: I am YouTube! ✅
16,000 dollars in revenue over 28 days and begging for money lol he must be lying.
Glad to see you're back!  Did have to re sub! Thanks for the heads up.
I was searching for your video’s but couldn’t find them. I went to a YouTuber reacting to one of you video then I went to their description where your link to the channel was. I clicked on it but said that you deleted your account. I was disappointed because you make good content. But your here again.
I'm here from the penguinz0 video 🧐❤
Pov:*You came herd from penguinz0*
Crazy
New Subscriber here, Thanks for This Information Sharing, Mr Jim Browning now I know a bit how scammers play there games, You're definitely a channel worth subscribing too
Ya can't get scammed if you don't open your email.
I get what you mean about timing , I bought a new laptop several years ago within a couple of seconds of turning it on the phone rang , and someone on the phone said you have a new computer and you have problems , I so very nearly fell for the scam , I mean how did they know I had a new laptop ? Or was it just a coincidence I often wander
so glad you're back. it takes guts to admit to being scammed for most people, but i think the pressure would be especially high on a scambaiter. it's really cool of you to use this as a learning opportunity for us- especially because i know that the google domain on the email would have probably convinced me too. i know better now! thank you :) (also: you seem to have a copy/paste error in your description, a paragraph is doubled.)
It's hilarious that this scammer would brag about getting your channel deleted because all that came out of it (at least in my case) was that I found out who you were and your awesome content. have a free sub, lol.
Welcome back champ.
Hahaha... those 361 dislikes are from indian scam centers, i guess.
So happy you're back!!
>Supposedly makes $16,000 in a month from hijacked accounts. >Begs for more money. >Then says he's made 2.5 million.  Incredible.
This explains why my feed was seeing increased kitboga content
Wow this is a great video, very stressful for you, but also shows how easy it is to fall for scams. Great work Jim thanks
Quite a humbling video
Im so happy that youtube actually can get youtubers their channels back i hope TheSpiffingBrit gets his channel back too
looking at what YOU went through, its an eye opening for the rest of the world to stay alert with their own media all the time. so nice to see you are back.
wow i thought the Indians got you man, even the scam buster can be scammed. this teach us to be very careful with anything we do on the internet. while at it maybe you could look up on the phising problem on discord, hundreds of thousand people have lost control of their discord and online games account because of massive phising on discord channel. maybe make a video about how to recognize and avoid phising links because while it almost doesn't cause real financial loss (some did) it is a hassle to resolve and very annoying.
I was ur first subscriber in ur old channel 🤣, glad you’re channel is now safe.
hi bud what a shame you are the best get them scummy scammers
Good to see you're back up Jim! Could you mention **Spiffing Brit** Channel to YouTube?   I'm sure he's making the attempt, but his channel isn't back up yet, and it seems he got hit with the same scam as you!  They might be giving him the same run around with "wE cAnT rEsToRe a DeLeTeD cHaNnel" nonsense.
the scammers strike back!
The spiffing brit got effected
damn this is crazy, who would've thought that jim almost fell to a scam
My respect for you knows no bounds, very happy you stopped at giving the password away. So can anyone think of an event that any real support would ask for a password? Thanks for sharing, your channel has opened my eyes so much.
Behaviour was spelt incorrectly
Glad you're back Jim, keep pushing to get people like this
the kings back stay safe bro
Since you're a well known scam buster, are you sure this guy wasn't a hitman sent to destroy your channel by some of the people you have busted in the past?
Great video! Sorry it happened to you but you got it back so happy days ☺️
"He had no idea what was my channel about" Profile pic days tech support scams 🤦🏻‍♂️😂 yeah ain't the brightest scamer
glad that youtube recovered your channel
I actually felt sorry for Jim. Anyway glad he's back and can't wait for more content.
The real scammers are the fake accounts on Tinder! I’d love to see a special episode on that.
The option on the bottom is saying "choose a channel to move this channel to" which means you are moving your new blank channel to your existing channel and replacing the existing channel with the blank one. And I was thinking my English is bad... 😂😂😂 I think you are just playing that you have been scammed. You ain't that stupid... Lier!
Scam wars: The scammers strike back
It’s okay even batman got captured before….only to end up winning anyway
The other Jim Browning channel is gaining subscribers lmao
Thanks for documenting this scam, Jim. Makes us all safer.
Plot twist: this video is from a Indian man using a soundboard trying to convince us that the channel isn’t hacked
That scammer is actually really smart and kind
To think that he of all people got scammed shows that it's not just dumb or naive people who get scammed. Anyone can get scammed.
welcome back Jim!
2 things really scared me in this video...  1 that a scammer got that far with Jim himself, both scares me and kind of puts me at ease, maybe i'm not stupid if i fall for a scam one day ^^  2 that they first told Jim that they couldn't restore his account, imagine if the person who recieved this didn't know and had lost years and years of hard work :/
So how safe are we if the tech support scam person falls for a tech support scam.
The scam guy got scammed?
Dear Jim,it is not because Syria and Turkey are geograpicaly close but rather there are couple of million Syrian refugees living in Turkey.
Thank God everything is fine
This world seems just a bit more dangerous after viewing this …. :(
I won't lie Jim you lost a lot of street credit from this scam, but it goes to show that anyone can be scammed.
I guess scammers are evolving
I'm glad everything is OK now!
yikes. luckily i didn't lose my sub to your channel. take care out there, Jim.
the scam screenshot looks like something from a jacksucksatlife acc
I'm very glad you are back.
glad you managed to retrieve your channel back!!!! :-)
Scammers attacked the wrong channel, they unleashed an indomitable force.
First of all, I would've found it very suspicious to be able to "chat" with them. I do not think there is such an option on Youtube, all you get is messages that operates like emails  EDIT: Nevermind, there does seem to be that sort of thing if I understand it correctly lol
Wow, this is pretty shocking. Never expected Jim to get scammed, but I guess it goes to show no matter who you are, anyone can be a victim. I'm just glad it all worked out in the end - I hope the same can be achieved for others that have fallen victim such as Spiffing Brit.
I think the screensho is from Autovlog, he shows how much he makes from time to time... I believe it's the same numbers in his videos
Scammer did a good job,only if he used his brain for something good
Oh wow. His politeness towards the middle of the video gives me “villain with ulterior motives and reasons beyond your understanding” vibes
I didn’t need to resub. But I never seen a video since I think I got shadow blocked by the algorithm
if Jim can be scammed, we’re all in danger
Good to know youre back!
Legend has it that the scammer able to fool Jim Browning is the true king of India/Pakistan.
THE KING IS BACK!  Thank you for sharing the information to help others know what to look for!
So sorry this happened, Jim, but thank you so much for the education in it. What type of questions would you suggest to ask? You mentioned you could have asked more. Specific examples may by handy to have up our sleeves. So glad everything worked out for your channel restoration.
Cred to you on making this vid! Some might not wanna admit to something like that. Glad u´r back on track!✌💖 Lesson I took is to ask "off-script" questions. That broken English gave it away immediately at that point🦍💨😉 Looking forward to more new content😁
you are a gentleman and a scholar good sir.  Have a good day you legend.
Legend has it that the fake Jim Browning is the REAL JIM BROWNING!!!!
Well Jim i bet it felled a bit like a stretched ass lol
So scary! If this can happen to Jim Browning, this can happen to anyone.  Glad to see you are back! Please keep doing what you are doing!!! Looking forward to your next video.
Idk why but I have a feeling that Jim Browning would try to hack the scammer's computer in the making
You know the scammers have upped their game when Jim Browning gets scammed
This happened to Psyched Substance https://youtu.be/7rslTtlD804
I always just assume that anyone who wants to talk to me and wants me to do something right now is a scammer.
no its not delted
Brilliant to see you are back and have your channel sorted.  Great video too as usual.  However I think the email from chat-noreply@google.com was a genuine notification email from Google.  They send you this email as an automated notification that someone has sent you a Google chat. So this email would not have come from the scammer.
My sub survived - fantastic that you got your account back - truly brilliant that you posted this.
Mad that the Youtube staff claimed the account couldn't be restored. How many smaller channels have been wiped out because Google Support can't be bothered to undo an honest mistake without the backlash of a large community?
The problem of cybersecurity is most often between the chair and the keyboard
I'm happy its still hear like your content is amazing alot of people think it's fake I just joe you can post more bc love watching those dicks get what they deserve love to learn how to do it, trying to make my own code to download on scamers computers but not going well 😂
hmm
Just resubbed! God dam. Jim, I've been following you for years and I never thought I'd see the day you got scammed!! I'm glad you're back, much love
He's back! Heard it from Mutahar, good to have you back, Jim
I say you won the that match while you were at bat with 3-2 and then you swong hitting the game winning homerun to beat that scammer before he won the game.
Reminder to everyone - while 2FA will stop MOST, not all 2FA are equal. U2F key is the best kind of 2FA. Other methods are susceptible to sim cloning, phishing and various other attacks.
Ez just don't respond or open any emails
"Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't after you"― Joseph Heller, Catch-22  It's sad that you need to be so careful these days...So many scumbags; worldwide...
Jim forgives.  But Browning never forgets.
Welcome back Jim! Many others would’ve been too embarrassed to do this video but as always you’re looking out for all😊
Such a strange week.  Glad to have you back.
How did you fall for this is beyond me haha "Are you using a computer or phone at the moment?"  This question already reveals everything
If I did understand correctly guy who catches scammers and they shit in their pants whenever hear his name has been scammed :)? Well the world not going the same as before :). Jokes aside it just convinces me I can be smart enough but there still a lot of people smarter than I am and the price could be potentially worse than temporary loss of YT channel
Moving the channel from personal account to the brand channel won't simply delete your contents, I have done this. It will delete your comments from your old channel not the videos and subs. Great to see you got it back.
Wow when they steal from god himself wtf!!
I think u were supposed to merge ur real to ur blank, not the other way round and then be able to get the revenue from videos already uploaded
What a fascinating story... glad to have you back.
how do normal people have a chance if the man gets caught out 🤷🏻‍♂️🙇🏻‍♂️
Thank fully its restored. Youtube should keeps videos for at least 30 Days after channel deletion especially when there so many scams on youtube
Well, the coincidence part got me once too. The usps lost a package and I got an email about that. Luckily, no one got money from me. But usually I'm not even caught clicking links!
Plot Teist: this was an elaborate plan so that the other Jim Browning could overtake your channel in Subscribers
When even Jim Browning can be scammed...  Nice that you got everything back
Welcome back!
hello from Vietnam
The one question and this is important Jim. Did you do the cat olympics on the googles?
Did you know that The Spiffing Brits channel was also probably deleted with the same email?
Although it's sorted, I believe PsychedSubstance actually lost access to the account and gave the password to the hacker if you wanted to reach out regarding how the scammer voided or negated 2FA. Otherwise glad to have you back :)
14:38 imagine he used VPN
I didnt know his channel was erase for some time, I check once every month for content lol.
Yay the legend is back
God bless you man if I could get ahold of scammers like this I’d probraly be a lot less moral then you
ok lol to the ending google search. happy ending?
Glad to see you back,a warned man counts for two so you wont fall for this scam again,keep on doing the great work.👍
Happy to see you back Jim.
He's back! This video will no doubt save some other creators. All missed Chat notification emails show that same default chat-noreply Google address, which is a huge fail on Google's part that is clearly being exploited more and more with their recent Chat merging/rollout.
They messed with the wrong guy 🤣
On behalf of humanity - i hope Jim browning improves on his communications to be more straight and direct in his tone (many times victims almost hang up on this dude) .. hopefully more scam centers will be nuked thanks to this guy .. but as usual please the communication, fluent and speak with a faster tone.
Rule #1 Contact support independently of any means provided to you by someone else.
hopefully he has his own channel where he would post "how i scam a scam baiter"
Christ, if you get duped what hope is there for the rest of us😫! Glad you're back in the mix👍
When even the man himself gets scammed, you know it's good! However, this was a real schoolboy error. I have three YouTube channels and most of the e-mails that are genuinely from Google are junk. I don't take action on anything unless I actually see it affect an account. Google are a bunch of woke crooks so I wouldn't act on anything they send anyway.
some bitcoin scammer try it on with me last week and as he wanted me to go to team view I hung up on him
I must say, i love your content, but you do lose some credibility when you press "delete channel" buttons without contacting youtube directly on your own. You should have sent them an email asking for directions, not reply to a suspicious email that was sent to YOU.   I am disappointed Jim :(
Yep. So many scammers and it's too easy to get scammed. I don't click on any links in Emails unless I am certain of what they do and where they go. Government emails are the easiest to follow as they tend to have a .gov I believe in the Email.  How you got scammed and what you say in the end is correct. Anyone can get scammed especially if the conditions are just right. I once got scammed, lost an account and I knew it was going to happen but I had a bit of peer pressure and guilt tripping going on. So I gave in to try and get a free game to play with them.  I have hundreds of scam emails, frightening ones as well when they try to make you out to be a criminal. You freak out and wonder about things until you realize all the details. Like if the scammer says they take photos of you and your camera is never plugged in or has a piece of cardboard attached to it. How your always consciously avoiding things knowing that your camera could be spied through. ESSPECIALLY if your computer is in the rooms. As much as we think we build up walls to be aware of scams, unfortunately were not always good enough to respond as we would expect ourselves too.  Don't click links, Don't read these emails. Don't be played. And importantly it's better not to respond. Some of these emails we get suggest your a criminal and that you did something illegal. I've been told that they are scammers and that they will genuinely put dirt on you to get you in trouble with the law, even if not by your own actions. They have some way of tunneling that kind of stuff to your system and making you actually guilty. Through different means. Via a malicious installer of software or by other means. Just responding I've been told is enough to confirm that your doing something wrong even if your not. I don't know how true this is, I've seen a few emails but deleted them. They area threatening with no real basis, making claims without evidence. Sometimes they actually somehow get your passwords and use that to scare you by telling you your password of which then starts creating a situation where your freaking out and panicking. Not because you did anything wrong but how did they get your password? Turns out my password was leaked at the time from a cyber attack on a gaming site that distributed keys was somewhere based in Dutch or Germany from memory. And they also never put out a PSA which one one realized and apparently they broke laws by keeping it under the table.  I can't find a record of who it was or where I found out information, but once your information goes on the dark net it becomes impossible to destroy. Apparently scammers go on forums to bag and share all the information they stole to be cool, and then everyone downloads and pumps that data into different scams.  Now if your a younger person maybe between the ages of 13 and 18, these kind of things will scare your really bad, especially if you think it's true. Scammers can also now pretty much fabricate a false "True story" that maybe able to put you somewhere you never where. At a point, they can say you did something that you 100% never did and be charged because they fabricated a recording. It's to do with that imitation video clip technology. Get enough pictures of someone and the computer can generate all the motions. A person can then sit in their chair, take the actions they said you did, but put your face on top of their own to make it look like you.  Very scary stuff. All someone needs to do to make you look like a scammer is put a file in your Windows folder, call it at Runtime and then trigger anything to happen. It happened to my friend and I helped him out of if when we were kids because I was tech savvy. Also me helping him led to our friendship.  Look after yourself guy's! And do the right thing!!!
WOO, glad to see you are back and everything (almost everything) is back and fixed :D I am happy you managed to sort things out and I am so impressed with all the support.  Also, np np, honestly scams happen to the best  of us so no need to dwell on it (Ill tell you something, I looked up what happened to you and was met with news articles explaining. But my god, the headlines of these articles where so snarky, it was if they where on the scammers side, what a pain)
The irony is ironic.. lol
I always check the headers of emails, but even then those can sometimes be spoofed. There's no reason Google's mail server should have passed through that email.
I am very happy that you are back. Your videos have been very informative  and have helped me help an older friend to understand that the people calling him were scammers and to just hang up. He now knows what to look for and calls me if he's not sure. Thankyou , you have helped so many people☺
Thankfully i didnt have to resubscribe.
Well done on getting it all back and running.  BTW I did not need to resubcribe.  I had a BT Openreach scammer on the phone 2 days back and kept them busy for 45 mins they could not understand why I kept telling them the green button on anydesk said I have to pay £9.90 a month (I was on the pricing tab) the Mcafee webadvisor did also give a warning and they said it was an advert!  I hope that 45 mins saved someone?  i will now think twice even after a hover over the domain now!
Get em Jim:)
Wait I don’t get it
Usually when you get texts from a real company like a ISP or bank it's not a phone number and the company name instead but recently I've been getting texts from TSB saying another account in my name has been opened, but I've never had a TSB account and the fact it looks real makes me think they have found a way to send messages and emails from the real companies, scary shit.
I cant believe even the anti-scamming god got scammed!! Welcome back and thanks for sharing your story.
Hey Jim! You've got a new sub here. Keep up the great work.
9:32 Hi, I'm YouTube
For the page edit, if you sign into your Youtube studio, go to analytics then do what the Indian refund scammers do i.e. inspect element & edit, then you can take a screen shot of your fake Youtube numbers or simply photoshop it. Looking at the 28 days views and the revenue, they don't match up and the numbers like 321 seems to be randomly typed numbers on the keyboard in sequence so could be a faked Youtube analytics.
If a person like Jim Browning, an expert, can get duped it means everyone can. This shows you how everyone can be vulnerable at some point in their life. Be wary and be safe.
The scammer talks like a 13 year old after he got exposed wtf haha
i worked for Google support, it's outsourced, india, east EU, philipines etc.. the agents are not paid well or trained properly and work on CR's. not their fault
I got this video recommended under penguinz0's video
My man, you pasted your outro twice
that is wild!
welcome back jim
So very sorry this happened to you but so happy to see you back!!!
So the messors become the messies
lowkey feel bad for the scammer. many people lost their homes and lives because of the syrian war. it doesnt excuse his actions, but it does explain them.
He be the final boss for any scammer.
im still subbed :) good to have you back Sir.
I didn’t need to re sub. Respect and good vibes to you, Jim 👍🏼
12 YT Channels 6 Mil 3 Mil Clearly a lie if every other number is divided by 2
Glad your back Jim. Yes and so easy and even if you know. You can mess up no matter who alert.
He makes 2.5 million dollars but is asking you for 100? Hmmm
Man, once I cancelled amazon prime and within few hours I got a call about my account being cancelled and that the fee will be double since it was cancelled prematurely.  I did get scared for a while but because it was automatic call voice - I checked online and realised it was scam.  But was very close.  Out of 1000s calls they make, only few need to be done at right time and they will make money.. Scary
Maybe they did you a favor. I never heard of you before this and now you have a new subscriber.
“I’m YouTube” 🤣 In all seriousness, I’m glad you got your account back, and are sharing this experience with us! Just shows it can happen to anyone.
Lol of course he didn't know what 2-sa is. the rest of the world knows it as MFA, jim.
Hey Jim you should dig into scammers who steal discord accounts using discords "Sell your game" service.  Their support play a blind eye to it and any attempt to get ahold of them fails. A little note about that service on discord. Discord themselves have to approve games that are put on that service.
Welcome back Jim!  Glad you got everything sorted. Here's hoping that Youtube does their part and works on ways to make this type of scam if not impossible at least highly improbable.
Spiffing brit gone aswell lol
9:25 But you own nothing
There is basically no border control between Syria and turkey so it's probably some unregistered dude who's scamming people. Thankfully you got your channel back.
2SA can unfortunately easily be defeated. :(
I don't know how you managed to record all of that. It's was a very good decision.
Thank goodness you managed to sort it out  if it was up to me I'd change your name to Sir Jim Browning
Next video idea: "burning down the whole scam industry (literally, no clickbait)"
Glad you got it sorted.
what's more surprising is that Jim wasn't specifically targeted by a Scam Team he had previously exposed, but just by some random scrub in Turkey
I cant wait to see you retaliate Jim. This should not go unpunished.
Glad it turned out alright in the end. Keep fighting the good fight.
14:10 - A page out of Pleasant Green's book 😉
It seems The Spiffing Brit got scammed to delete his account, as well.
I consider myself pretty tech savy, I am a web and mobile app developer, and I was almost scammed once or twice before too.   One of the biggest issues is everyone thinks it cant happen to them.
If Jim Browning fell victim… no one is safe… Dear God…
Welcome back Jim ^^ Let's hunt some bad boiz ^^
I went through my emails yesterday and I saw one from about 3 months ago. Claiming they had sensitive info of me and were going to send it to everyone I knew. If I did not send them 1k in gift cards they would post it in 2 days. Welp😂 that time has long passed and I just read it. So clearly it was a scam that I’m glad that I never read my email
Pwnt! Lol
It’s all getting like Spy v Spy. What chance do us poor old blokes have? Maybe time to ditch the internet.
This has happened to a bunch of youtubers. So far I'm aware of it happening you, The Spiffing Brit and Psyched Substance
“Please note that we have noticed…” 🧨🧨🧨🧨🧨
One Nigerian scammer-doctor a day ago scammed me 570$ he say I can cure any incurable diseases like as Diabetes,heart diseases Cancer and so many.....  Unfortunately he scammed me, I don't know how I believed them  I understood that they have a building with so many employees in Russia, one his employee have  so many account on YouTube and they Comments under the Videos of incurable diseases, their stories about  how they cured with herbs of some Nogerian doctor,  every day they scammed people about 10.000$ to 20.000$  Admin please Check them, Thank you from my under heart!  address of Scammer: dr.Ademise, Nigeria, but they work and live in Russia, I think  WhatsApp +2348158141426  his channel on YouTube: https://youtube.com/channel/UCuog765RvlnMoOo0A-Z0LJw
what if buddy was forced to do this against you which is why he was asking for 100$ because he gets nothing for making millions for the other people who are forcing him to do this lol
This also happened for thespiffingbrit... thats sad.
If only you knew how many scamers in Steam these days especially if you have some items that you can sell for real money.
Scammers always seem to have to ask you to do something for them. I've been scammed before too, just once.
Some days ago I almost got scammed, until I saw the poorly made Google form asking me to put in my bank acc password lol. The one calling sounded real sweet so I didn't question much at first, and now I understand how people can have extreme trust issues. Thank god I didn't fell for it but I can't help thinking that some people - especially the elderly who doesn't know much about computers might be tricked by the polite-sounding scammer. Why can't they just go and get a real fucking job man
a little political Pun: Now you know the Great Reset, is a Scam :P
WTF Google? How can the rando public at large ever be allowed to send an email that originates from the google.com domain?
Welcome back. I'm happy you were able to get it sorted. One thing I hate about online support is when you tell them what you have already done or what you already know and then they take a few days before replying to you with the same thing you just told them. A most recent example for myself was getting a problem with my Samsung phone after a software update. I contacted support and told them all the steps I had taken including a hard reset and a factory reset to no avail. I told them contacting support was my last port of call as I had tried everything to rectify the issue myself first. What do you think they replied with? They said it seemed to be a software issue and that I should try a factory reset.
He can’t be living in syria  There is no electric payment method to get the money  But there are so many syrian refugees in turkey so I’m pretty sure he is a refugee there Also 2.5 million dollars in syrian currency can buy u almost half a fucking city he wouldn’t be bothered to do any of that anymore if he had all this money lol let alone asking for a 100$
The scammer scammer got scammed
This is really scary... Jim Browning got scammed... 😧
Just as a point of note: when you recovered your channel, I didn't need to resubscribe, so all is good. Perhaps others could confirm this as well?
So much work for just 100$.
Iam from syria I don't think that syrian people are smart to control that big scam Plus the Turkish people hate us syrian so they make bad thinks and hide behind syrian people Although alot of those websites are blocked by thier owner companies in syria
I'm going to guess that he has brought in that much money, but he doesn't receive it. He is just a link in a chain of something larger. The fact that he wants cash up front shows he's desperate for it. $100 can mean quite a lot outside of America. Sophistication the ability to adapt could you imagine if they use these powers for good. Like the power of 4chan when it gets a bug up its butt about something... Those Jokers can move mountains if they want to.
i find this very odd.... i'm sure you did this on purpose.
Glad to see you're back Jim.
Who is this Scammer that almost scammed my man?
pwnd
When he said "do you want me to work with you" i thought it was just broken english for "how can I help" as if he copy pasted the wrong bit of script but it turns out it was a lot darker. Good to see you got the channel back though
Welcome back Jim!  Thanks for making us aware of all that goes on in the scamming world.  The amount of stupid texts I get regarding some "tax return" or "amazon package" (I almost never use Amazon) or "lottery winning" texts I get, I just promptly delete.  I've warned my parents as well, and I'm much more concerned about them as they are not tech savy.  Much love for the work you do!  Luckily for me, I never check my e-mail for e-mail scams since my inbox is already flooded with normal promotionals from services I do use.
Wow I had no idea this happened, glad it was ok :)
Welcome back! <3
No need to resub glad your back
The scammer knew exactly what to do. Terrifying that these domains actually work how they want them to work.
Welcome back Jim.
Glad you're back.
Didnt need to resub, still subbed
Wow, nice to see it resolved.
So glad to see you back, Jim! That scammer was seriously on it to get you like that:-(
12/10 for sharing this. Shows anyone, even the most savvy, can get caught out
Yawp, it can happen to anyone under the wrong conditions. This is why I worry about my mom, because whenever I bring up scammer tactics she always insists that she could never be fooled by scammers. And yet, she's been borderline scammed twice now. Once by an individual at a store who was signing up people to switch their cable provider to Dish, which caused her headaches for months because some of the services they sold her never worked or weren't even installed and they tried to insist on huge early cancellation fees despite never delivering working services, and once when she clicked on an Internet ad for cheaper car insurance, which caused her to have to ignore a constantly ringing phone for weeks as every insurance company from legit down to one-man operations called her and tried to pressure sell her new insurance. Insisting that you could NEVER fall for a scam is a matter of pride, not reality, and pride is doubly dangerous as you get older, so I thank you for pointing out that even the most experienced and savvy individuals can be fooled if you catch them at the wrong moment with the right tactic.
I am very happy for you to have this channel back. Thank you for your work and involvment ; you have helped a lot of people. Best of luck! Also thanks to Scammers Payback for support too.
Seems like the scammers are trying to go on the offensive against ya
Level 2 from Turkey confirmed. Indians are level 1. Who would be level 3?
Glad to see your back Jim, I was a little worried for you.
wow glad its all back Jim !
Got em
Amazing this happened to you.  You proved social engineering can get any of us.  I look at FQDN thinking I’ll be safe but thanks to your honesty and sharing I’ll try to be even more careful (is that’s possible!!). It’s like I think I’m a good driver until a car T boned me at a busy intersection yet every-other lane was stopped!  Point is I never expected that either.  Glad your back and looking forward to your upcoming video.
Plot twist: The other Jim Browning YouTube channel is actually Jim's variant from another universe.
Interesting, the only scam I’ve not spotted was ostensibly from HM Customs and coincided with a genuine import for which I expected to have to pay import duty.  I twigged just in time but changed everything on all accounts just in case. I seem to have foiled their nefarious scheme.
i did say look up jim did they and theres some info if its linked ?
Glad you sorted it out. Keep on trucking
The vampire hunter get caught by the vampires
This guy will tell you your bank account password for free
The scam scammer got scammed. Very happy to see your hard word didnt get deleted out of existence
Even tech companies get scammed millions
Ha! I knew I should have 2SA
There is 0% chance Jim Browning himself fell for this bullshit scam. This is click bait. Kinda sad cause I love this channel 😔
Ah, they got to phase 2 of the boss
The scanner is messing with the wrong guy.
Crazy how some people can think of these things. Stay humble.
Imo you shouldn't have detailed out the steps now this will be playbook for copycat's
Just goes to show if an anti-scammer can be tricked, pay more attention to what you're doing folks.
What a Simple and cunning attack....
Charlie.
Damn this took some balls, keep it up Jim
So sad to see the /jimbrowning url go.   The base for this scam seems to be YouTube & Google's fault for not making it clear that messages coming through Google Chat are not actually from Google or YouTube. It's a real email from Google showing you a message not-from-Google but it's framed in a way that, given an official-looking user-defined name, looks like a real correspondence from Google.
i'm glad your back; have enjoyed what and why you did it; please now go after these bastards
So glad your channel is back and you are in good spirits. You were missed. Is the Join button coming back too?
And in similar circumstances my steam account got hijacked a) i wasn't paying full attention cause i was doing something else b) wanted to ask a friend to help me deal with it while i was distracted but he wasn't home c) the scam i was scammed in was fresh and there was little info on what to do d) i didn't had any prior "knowledge" of what is legit steam stuff and what is fake  And after that mess it was gone but atleast i didn't gave the scammers 100€ "to return my account" but i lost a account with ~1000€ worth of games.
This just goes to show just how careful you need to be. Anyone can be caught off guard even someone like Jim.
Jim, that sounds like a really sucky situation. Let's hope the scam doesn't work on any more people
Note and noticed. Case and closed. I blame the ever increasing tendency to indifference, broadly speaking.
Oh my god I can only imagine the PURE HORROR of realizing it was a scam at that last moment. That is like the HUGE plotwist in the scariest horror movie you've ever seen. Holy fuckkk
Thank god all I do on my PC is click on people’s heads in CS:GO, I literally don’t use my browser 😂
Watched your story from penguinz,  glad you got your channel back
They thought they could kill God! What a fruitless venture.
Damn a syrian that moved to turkey who's also a scammer? My nationality is Syrian I live in Turkey and this looks unexpected
I feel like that's a screenshot from a memeulous/imallexx video from a while ago (they had edited it to take the mick) although i couldn't be sure
Plot twist: he deleted his channel out of sorrow for the scammers
I'm so happy to see that you got your channel back, and that I'm still subscribe.
They will do anything to get rid of super Jim. Glad you're back and keep being super hero to the people you save.
YouTube is worried you're going after them next
this doesn't prove that anyone can be scammed--just proves YOU are much less savvy and intelligent than you thought you were. stop projecting.
Lol...out of all people on this world how did you fall for this?
glad that you tube got your content back
u're amazing Jim
algorithm feed
Lol you got done like a kipper.
Why is that YouTube support staff should always be native English speakers?
Welcome back Jim!!!😀🙌
if they can trick even the god of computers into deleting his own channel, it's time to be scared of how far the scammers have come. nevertheless, you cannot even imagine how upbeat I am to see you back on track.
Yeah, better phishing attacks have been getting more prevalent it seems. Yesterday I got a strange email in my school email inbox that at first glance seemed legit (no spelling mistakes, an email extension that matched my university’s, and it seemed fairly normal), but after a minute I realized how it didn’t make sense at all (it was about an account at a university I never done anything with, it didn’t make sense for someone at my university to mention an account from another university, the email had a sketchy looking link, etc.). About 10 min after I realized this it got flagged by Google due to be reported for phishing so at least that’s a good sign less people believed it.
the scam killer got scammed.... pain
It seems like the scammer really worked with YouTube Support or might even be currently still working considering the delivery of things.
Oh dear…. That’s scary!!!
Imagine being so low in life, you pretend to be google to destroy talented, brilliant creators lives because your life is so shitty.
anyone messages me with specific wording that sounds like they’re a real person and claim they’re youtube… i’d just ask to see their id, their workplace, a picture of them with the id, a picture of then with the id holding up a specific sentence written on a piece of paper that’s held up in the picture, their manager, their co-workers, paperwork that states they work at youtube, birth certificate… before i ever enter in my password into a GOOGLE FORM 💀
if scamming was a game, this fucker just challenged the final boss and won.
It's pretty stupid of Google to allow its domain to be used in emails.  A more general rant is in email applications in general. 20 years ago it was normal to see the full email headers from whichever client you were using. Now, all that info is obscured and it's an absolute pain to find this info (especially on android mail client or even Windows Mail). Being able to see the sender's IP and email headers clearly would zap all these phishing emails dead but these software designers/vendors want to dumb down interfaces and make other idiotic design decisions to the detriment of security and common sense.
Claims to have $2.5M. Asks for 100$. 🤣
Hi Jim I just wanted to say welcome back it’s thanks to you your work another scan date is that the rest of us are all more prepared now for when these calls come in
Ouch
Legit email from Ubisoft proposed me to review their latest game, I have checked everything and it wasn't suspicious and once I clicked the link, 3 days later my channel was gone but I got it back after 3-4 days. It was a traumatic experience and it is really sad that YouTube can't properly assist. I know some YouTubers with millions of subs lost their channel entirely and YouTube cant do anything despite the actual owner provided all the evidence. So yeah I kinda lost my interest on YouTube as well. (realised a lot of YouTubers were affected by the same hacker)
Everything is for the better
Gobble gobble gobble gobble gobble gobble gobble Jim gobble
Bummer. Not fun at all. One thing I don't understand though. So when you received this email and decided to click on the chat you also had a hunch that you should record it? Or did you somehow remake those parts afterwards when you realised you we're hacked? (Thinking about the forms and such you show in real time and not just as screen dumps.) Anyhow, keep up the good work.
Scammer tries to scam Jim Browning , fails and continues to explain his whole plan .....
The master has become the student.
10:00 Look at me, I'm YouTube now!
The hunter became the hunted
I bet jim hates his own wallpaper
I don't believe the revenue either.  If the scam works by having people overwrite their content with a blank channel, there is no content on the channels they steal, so nothing to make revenue from.  Or, the scam is a bit convoluted and the mechanic is to get you to delete the channel, then get you to give them the 2 form authentication tokens so they can take the account and then they themselves contact YouTube to restore the deleted content pretending to be you.  It seems a bit convoluted and a lot of extra work.
"you may need to resubscribe" No thanks fake Jim from turkey
…of course you know, THIS MEANS WAR!!
This happened to Psyched Substance too
Fantastic content as usual. I totally subbed to the other Jim Browning, xD Glad u got your channel sorted, TY for the info
I love how a hacker guy who knows everything about scams falls for such a simple scam. Talk about even titans stub their toes.
“I’m YouTube” “No, I’M YOUTUBE!”
Jim amazing video. Use your talents to take down BIG scammers. Continue to take them out.
I'm usually really good with detecting scams but since entering Cryptocurrency, this is like a whole new world of scams and I feel like a fish out of water and come close to falling for some. One particular scary one was when I recieved 150,000 MNEB coin (£12k) in one of my wallets, searching around what this was I came across the term 'dusting attack' and was scaried that through no fault of my own that I may lose all my money because my public address was found. I still have the coin unable to delete it but safe in the knowledge that the scam works on the basis of sending money to the account holder to take actions. Glad you got it sorted though Jim, going through a process of a scam is a very scary thing.
The channel of psychedelicsubstance or something like that got hacked, he had quite a few subsribers aswell
Very interesting and thank you for the warning 😬 - I only have a small cycling channel but I will be more aware in future  👍 - Off to make sure my 2 step authorisation is turned on
The Spiffing brit has lost his channel too hopefully he gets it back :(
So good to see you back, Jim 💙
Came here from penguinz0, I’m so glad you were able to get your channel back!
Nobody is safe from being scammed.
Dodging a scam by not remembering your datas is such a Mark Rober thing to do man, cracked me up
Glad you back :)
Whenever I get ANY email claiming an issue with an account I ALWAYS manually go to the account page on the website first. and check for notification/messages. if there's nothing there than I'm super sceptical.  But like Jim said. ANYONE can be scammed if the circumstances are right. That's why they send out massive bulk emails. Hundreds of thousands will be ignored/reported/deleted. But the few that bite is all it takes to make it worth it. But yeah ALWAYS navigate to account/support pages yourself. Every link has a risk attached.  Another note. I've actually seen some VERY convincing phishing attempts and simply going to the website manually and checking the accounts page there I've avoided (thus far) all phishing attempts on myself.
makes $2.5M and goes through all this trouble to beg for $100 rofl.
Glad to have you back, Jim! What a tale this is!
I think something similar happened to scientific polish youtube channel called "Uwaga naukowy bełkot" His channel got hacked, then some phishy streams about bitcoin and blockchain were broadcasted on his channel and after few hours youtube deleted it because of TOS.
Dude got a god complex half way through "I AM YOUTUBE" lmao
They cant hold u back. U are a modern hero
Sounds fake lol. If you didn't know it was a scam why would you be recording?
JIM!!! Please!! Don't mess up this account 😡😡😡😡. Please. We all want you here doing what you do. I'm angry because you almost fell for his BS! Thank god now everything is back to normal 😌.  Thank you, really!!
Aaaaaaa
Did you just coincidentally video record your screen while being scammed?
Your social engineering is sick
That scammer isnt getting away with this he just scammed jim browning himself and he is gonna get destroyed
You almost became the thing you sought to save from, scams
how on earth have you fallen for this...
Felt like i watched a suspense thriller movie
Glad you are back, while i didnt even notice you gone, becouse it takes alot time and effort to make videos like you do. Stay safe. Pease from Fin.
Oh no! They got spiff too
You should come back at them with a vengeance.
What the fck. Now i know qhy
This is the scariest kind of scam I've ever seen. I'd have fallen for sure.
Aight now it’s payback time Mr Jim. Glad you got your account back
Welcome back. We missed you. This means that even the the most aware persons CAN fall for a scam. It's jungle out there. I can only imagine the anger you felt and the hunger for revenge. Please keep the good stuff comming.
This is a really valuable lesson for all of us. I think from here on, the only way to be sure is to always find your own way to support and never use provided links, even if it looks legit.
YouTube don't fuck with one of our heroes! We love this man !
Jim having a nice chat with YT support, lovely
If they are able to trick you, we’re all fucked.
I'm still suscribed
Glad you got your channel back! And thanks for being so open and sharing your experience!
How the fuck? I thought you were better, way better.......
indian scammer: "plz sir delete ur chanel plz, i am youtube suport, sir"  jim browning: "ok, i am very stupid and fall for scams easily despite claiming to be very smart about them"  so why does this channel deserve 3 million subs? hes clearly a complete fraud
13:08 open YouTube studio page, inspect element, edit the numbers, screenshot, profit 😂
Can't believe how sophisticated this scam was. Just goes to show that no matter how switched on you are, there's still a chance you can be fooled. Glad to see you back Jim
Wow. A lesson for us all. So pleased ur still here Jim.
He's back my man is back
Thank god you’re back
"we don't have a way to recover a deleted channel" Up theirs. Years ago when Google+ was first a thing, and I was given an account against my will, I tried to delete it, and it took my _completely unlinked youtube channel with it._ Of course I didn't get it back, even though it would probably just take a press of a damn button, but I guess Youtube just genuinely gets off on making people fucking miserable. Evil cunts.
Exact same thing happened to Mutahar (SomeOrdinaryGamers) few days ago. Glad to see that you got your account back!
Jim-"You own nothing"  Scammer-"I own the way to get your channel back" Jim-"F**k you foreigner, learn to speak gooder British"
This is the highest bruh moment in the internet scamming history !!!
Well thats rather worrying, If they can trick you then they can definatly trick the rest of us.
why did you show your email address?
This is a great story, Jim. Worth appearing on MSM to make the point about the ease even you were scammed
It's good to see you back man. And yes no one is perfect everyone at one time or another is gonna make a mistake and it's gonna cost. Just happy to see you managed to restore it all.  Stay safe Jim.
doh!
I already subscribed to that other Jim Browning, just in case HE is the real one...
Spiffing Brit maybe
Wow, this is crazy?
but to my credit iv yet to be scammed DTA guys DONT TRUST ANYBODY
This scam was so clever that anyone would have fall for it...
Hope you're doing better than ever right now Jim.
You seem to misunderstand how you received that email. The email you showed is nothing but a notification generated by Google Chat (the successor to Hangouts) to inform you that somebody sent you a message while you were offline. The person in question simply created a Google account and used the service to send a instant message to you, which google notified you of with this email. You should’ve picked up on this by reading the first line of that email “messaged you on Google Chat”.
If a website sends you an email, they'll have that email sent to you through the inbox / messaging section on the website too. These days, I only pay attention to messages within the platform. Everything else I delete / ignore.
good to see you back!
That's why I was unsubscribed.. or not.... It it's not your melodious voice it is a surety its your attention to detail Jim. Keep doing what you're doing Mate.
13:39 I think he modified the data from the chrome dev tools [insepect]. Correct me if I'm wrong?
It's scary to think that even Legends fall.
I found out about this last night during the WAN Show. I hope YouTube can finish resolving the issue for you.  This goes to show, it can happen to anyone and even the most vigilant and careful can get caught up in a kerfuffle. As Linus said, for some people this may be a hit on your reputation but for him, and myself, this just elevates you to a higher tier because you're spreading awareness and showing you're human and can make mistakes too.  As for the two step authentication, I bet the scammer's next move after you filled out the google form with accurate information would have been to tell you a verification code would be sent to your device and to please reply with the code you are sent, then they would have attempted to log into your account. Once in, they go and change the contact information and authentication number to their own, bippity boppity boop, you'd be sitting in poop.
Congrats on getting your channel back!
Jim 'The Cyber Savage' Browning! What a guy and legend of epic proportions. Stay blessed dude! 🍻
YouTube restore Jim Browning's account properly.  Or your just representing scammers aswell
I think that is a screensjot of the jack Massey Welsh channel.
lets make it clear no one that makes 2.5m from scams would live in muğla
Holy Sh*t. Just 2 or 3 Days ago I saw that "This Channel does not have any Videos" Message. Did not really thought anything by it, as I see this Message frequently for the at least 2.x years, when Youtube is not fetching the Data fast enough through whatever CDN. Reloading the Channel instantly usually shows the Videos then.  But not this time. So I thought "He got complains in the past for presenting personal Data. Maybe he hid all his Videos, is checking them and will publish them again." Oh me "sweet Summer Child" was so wrong about that (Well, being born in July, makes me a real Summerchild lol)  We are all human. We all keep making mistakes. And as Linus Sebastian just said on his latest WAN Show VOD: That you are not hiding the Fact that it happened to you but going full public and warning other People, is the correct way to go and increases your Reputation manyfold - IMHO.  Thank you again for your fantastic work and "Welcome back!" :) <3
Yeah I have been scammed because of coincidence too and I lost 300 bucks
How tf did you out of all people get banned yikes
The fact that I would have easily fallen for this as a person who is relatively familiar with scams terrifies me.
Should we all try and warn our favourite creators?
Always ask questions. Try to Get them off script.
They just really asked for a death sentence literally INFRONT of jim himself, can't wait for the revenge sequel lol  Its also funny how he try to recruit jim in his crappy scamming
As someone who was on the end of a recent cyber problem. This is a lesson we can all learn. Doesnt matter if your a techy or not we can all be fooled sometimes
To me, it seems that even if you had needed to move a channel you put the two channels in backwards.  Anyway, I'm sorry and surprised you got duped.
Welcome back Jim. Thanks for your humility. It shows how intelligent you are, and not just tech wise. Thanks for what you are doing.
I am youtube has the same feel as 'I AM THE SENATE'
Wow! We are all vulnerable. But it proves that you can learn from both failures and successes and that sharing all of the experiences should be a lesson to us all. It’s good to have you back.
Oh thankgod you got your channel back I was pissed and upset about this nice try scammers a very good effort indeed
Hi same happens with me my Gmail account is been hacked  by my mistake I click on some message reply from dating app but how do we can recover sir. 🤔
a scammer that can spell holy shit there evolving
Humans make mistakes.
This is why you ALWAYS contact a company that has apparently contacted you through an unrelated channel, even if the link in the email is (or looks) genuine. You should have contacted Google through a different channel, this is the way to stop phishing: never click on any link in an email and never reply to that email directly. Boggles my mind that you fell for this after knowing so much about scams.
It would have been good to take him up on the offer to send him money via PayPal. Once you know his PayPal address PayPal can trace his bank account.
Cutting the internet connection in 3, 2 ,1...
Jim, do you think he was an ex employee of YouTube, or can anyone outside the company do this?
nO
That was close lmao
I am so glad that you managed to get your channel back, Jim! It is extremely important and serves as a perfect educational material when it comes to teaching people about security and the dangers of the Net! :)
Scammers on 4chan were bragging about Jim losing his channel a few days ago. However that person was from India instead of Turkey.
Upgrades people, upgrades.
oof
+1 Comment for YT algorithm, probably TheSpiffingBrit got struck with the same scam
WTF? Just yesterday? Do you have a backup?
Somebody played reverse uno card on Jim... But am glad your are back... Time to hit the scammers with double speed 😀
Talk about fucking with the wrong guy.
I'm glad your channel is back,I know what it's like to lose years of work instantly,it's not fun at all.
Hahah when u try to scam youtube by cloning your channel for double revenue and you "accidentally" delete your channel
So happy you're back
I AM YOUTUBE!!!
Found your channel through penguin0
Spiffing brit was a victim of this too
I could instantly see that the text in the mail was sheit. Due to the incorrect english, what you call perfect english.  At 0:33 Hi then they start every new line with a capitol letter and just one line has a punctuation. Can you see it now? That is not perfect english...
Two step authentication is worthless if they get your phone number.
If I’m not addressed by my name in an email, it gets binned.
It was well crafted scam and IMO youtube is to blame here. If you can scam Jim Browning you know that your platform is not secure.
Hope spiffing brit has his account back too.
thank god youre back
Before you revealed the location, i had a guess which is Turkey. Had an issue with one of them around 10 years back trying to hijack my hotmail and facebook.
I internally panicked when you announced this on twitter I’m so glad you’re back
The amount of phising emails these days for creators is massive. from fake sponsors , fake youtube updates, fake copyright claims etc.
Basically don’t trust ANYONE or ANYTHING on the internet unless you’re on the phone and they have proof of who they are.
This is like the Batman TAS episode where a regular guy supposedly did kill Batman...
What is the song/melody at the very END?..😃-
Weirdly this makes me feel better about being scammed in the past, something that fills me with anger and embarrassment whenever I think about, knowing that it can happen to pros like yourself. Unfortunate but least it was resolved.
i heard about spiffing brit was also scammed and lost account with 2,2mill subs
Great video. I've almost come unstuck also in the past by taking a romance scam as close to the edge as possible. I left one minor hole and the scammer exploited it. Thankfully, I was able to backtrack and no harm was done.
That scammer must have been happy scamming the famous Jim Browning.  Glad you told us about this instead of being embarrassed and ignoring it.
PLOT TWIST: The real scammer was the other Jim Browning to gain youtube views!!!!
How could someone take down THE Jim Browning?
Holy shit, I cannot believe that the actual YouTube support team told you that it was not possible to recover your channel and you must just reupload your vids to a new channel. I wonder if they outsource that job  to some incompetent, script-reading people who don't know what they are doing or if the person who was dealing with you was incompetent. Imagine that you were not so tech savvy and just took their advice and went with it.  Not wanting to be rude to that person, but they really need to be called out and face consequences and hopefully not misguide other people...
Unbelievable, the king of the scam breakers scammed, film at eleven...
"What do you mean by real support? I AM YouTube" Like a villain quote
That scammer was sooo lucky Jim changed phones lol.
the scammer might have watched this video🤣
The other Jim Browning's uploads are actually wholesome :D
I'm watching this and i am thinking "I wonder if Jim has his channel back yet? I will check after the video". I am watching the fucking channel.
To be honest this scammer replies faster than my crush bruh
7:24 Where Jim comes back to form
I wouldn't be suprised if this scammer was hired by other scammers to remove you, making sure your great work stops or is hindered
What kind of frightens me is the fact that the scammer didn't even seem to know what your channel was about. So he didn't use a special one-of-a-kind anti-scammer scam strategy specifically for you, but a more generic one that seemed to have worked on people with less anti-scam knowledge. Dude.
This is not meant in a mean way, but maybe look at this as a test or refresher to look out for more scams.  It could open your channel up for a whole lot of diff scams.  On the other hand, I hate these sneaky b*stards for even wanting to scam.  I’m glad you got everything worked out!  Keep up your amazing work!
This is the biggest plot twist since idk breaking bad
Good to see you back, was wondering what was going on.
That is very scary, glad to see you back Jim!
Is it a bad thing that I read all of "youtubes" comments in my mind with an indian accent?
Fun fact: it's actually the other Jim Browning behind it who's now using the jimbrowning handle.
13:39 i think that's a screenshot from (jacksucksatlife) I'm still not sure tho i will share the name of the video if i found it
Even spiffingbrit has lost his channel and needs to recover so this is possible.
The worst place at the worst time. Seems like everything just went wrong at once and as a result you deleted your account
wow that was intense. very glad that it went almost fine for you in the end. very scary that of all people even you fell for a scam. how in the hell can anyone be safe if that happened to you
-generic comment to boost video visibility-
I'm glad you're back!! It's hard to believe that even you can be scammed. I will try to be even more careful online. Thanks!
Oh no!
bad look jim
Spammer can be clever, and it is really unfortunate that the email issue can be done at Google. Thanks a lot for sharing. Hopefully Google will plug that spammer hole in their system.
Kind of hard to believe you fell for that tbh
... So the scammer guy was chatting with a YouTuber with a profile picture that says "TECH SUPPORT SCAMS" with a forbidden symbol and he was surprised you wanted to interview him for content? And all this time here I was thinking he was actually kinda smart; clearly the people writing the scripts are the real brains of the operation.
Wtf!!!!!!!!!!
i hope the scammer didnt find out your real name etc. i guess a lot of people are quite angry at you
If Jim Browning can get scammed basically everyone can be scammed. 😬
Got to be honest, this is all pretty cringeworthy.
I'd like to go over a couple of things you may want to consider to better protect yourself in the future. First...
Wow. Life really does make fools of us all at some point. I am happy you got it sorted Mr Browning. The world needs alot more people like you.
Jim Browning abt to reverse engineer this
Uh oh
Lol, imagine falling for this shit xD bahahahah
This guy should watch a YouTube called Jim browning to learn about scams so it doesn't happen again
Thank you for this video.  Once thing I noticed at the beginning of the message he sent you said Hi, rather than Dear Jim.
@Jim Browning You also missed the fact the email didnt have your actual name or your channel name it just said hi. I would assume any official email would have your signed up name in the hi or hello part???. I had my account be supposedly deactived or something due to community violations and im like wtf.Havent uploaded a video for a while and if they wanted my account deleted why not say that and offer me time to get my videos off the platfrom. But i think it must have been a google mistake... but apparently i can reactivate it with a phone .... i DIDNT HAVE A PHONE ATTACHED TO MY ACCOUNT. But apparently any joe shmo could have used a phone to reactiate my account if they had the password which is 64 characters alpha numeric with symbols and a cap in there.I do change it every year. My point if my password was leaked, a non associated phone can be used to confirm that a person with the right password is the same person who owns the account with a non associated phone is a security nightmare. But im glad you have your channel back and look forward to more
Welp idk.. that guy.. this was probably his BIGGEST. .and I mean BIGGEST success somewhat to be able to do this to Jim lol.. that's almost an achievement for himself that he can brag around lmao.
Turkey has taken in a lot of Syrian refugees, about 3.5 million, but this character's knowledge of scams, YouTube and his proficiency in English suggests he's well above the average for a Syrian.
Who has seen someone from google chat using actual live chat? I think they can't even do that if they promise anything they're personally responsible, you know having google support in their name and all speaking for the platform, would be a quick way to get fired.
Remember, even Batman got his back broken.
I never use 2 ways authentication anymore, using google authenticator or authy much better
All we need now is for that to happen to anyone puffing *Union J* or Boy bands in general & the world will be a much happier & melodic place!
Oh how the mighty have fallen
I don't care, why is this in my suggestions
Hi Jim.  First off, I'm sorry to hear someone tried to scam you out, though I'm glad you've retrieved your channel. Just a quick question: is there a way for you to change the channel's URL? I noticed it looks like this: https://youtube.com/channel/UCBNG0osIBAprVcZZ3ic84vw  I'm not sure if the automated alphanumeric combination can be changed to something like jimbrowningtechsupportscams
Even the Master makes a mistake
No wonder...
Well well well   How turn  tables....
Wait. So... The person who stops scams got scammed himself... LOOOOOOOOOL 😂😂😂   Ngl though, I would’ve fallen for it too tho 😂
I REALLY hope you can track and exact revenge on this person….
U know something suspicious when YouTube sends you a email
I almost got scammed by a GLS scam, because i had a package that was going through customs and the post service hadn't made any updates in a  while. So i check my spam folder and there is a mail from 'GLS' concerning payment to receive a package. Luckily i looked at the url at the page but i actually clicked the link like a complete tool.
Glad to have you back Jim.
Time to get your revenge against those scammers! >:)  They really messed up not knowing who they're messing with, or underestimating you.  Cocky idiots.
The scammer is very knowledgeable which makes me wonder if he was a  support worker at some point for either youtube or google. He knew how to  get the account holders to acquiesce and who they should go to to recover their channels.
Glad that your back. Keep up the good work.  Scammer could have been managed from the UK or USA based indian?
Oh man, welcome back; definitely concerned your channel was gone forever.
If you want an idea to annoy a scammer, say 'pakistan is better'
Youtube cannot manage/block comments from scammers, half of the ads run on youtube are for scams.... But they will find any excuse to shut down any channel with valuable information/service.
i'm gonna put 2sa on every single one of my account from now on. thanks jim, glad to see you back and that everything is well now!
No wonder why your videos were not in my feed. And I tried searching for your channel and it didn't show up too.
God himself has been scammed. No one is safe
This is like the start of a John Wick movie, but instead of a dog it's a youtube account
The real MVP is the old man named Jim Browning xD
Do you ever get the feeling that while your watching one of his videos Jim is watching you? .......
if the browning-god can be scammed, what chance do us normies stand?
I knew what happened from muta (someordinarygamer) and im glad youre back!!!!
I love how Jim kept on chatting with the scammer in the same spirit he has while scambaiting and shutting down a scam call center, even after knowing that he has lost his hard earned YouTube family and work. I admire people with such presence of mind because I have none 😏. This adds to the respect and admiration I already have for this man for what he does 🙏 Thank you for educating us with all your videos 🙏 Continue what you are doing with full force once again 🔥
Nice Greek scammer 🇬🇷🇬🇷
I've had scammers claiming to be from game Dev companies like Blizzard, Electronic Arts, Bioware, etc. offer 'a pre-alpha version' of their latest games (something MOST gamers would jump at), and then they provide you with a link to download+install the game, but it turns out the 'game files' is just a worm/keylogger. You gotta be SO careful these days because a single wrong click can destroy your channel. Glad you got it back Jim
This is beyond ironic
11:13 Imagine having no clue to the extent of not looking at the literal profile picture.
Google support is all in all bad and just hard to deal with, specially if you do not have a good influence.  Google tries their best to not contact you and to also not give you the option to contact them in any place they can. Having a direct "support" from a google service should always tick a suspicious mood. If you lose anything or even google's automated system messes you up, google will just say tough luck and not let you have any way to recover things if you aren't important. Plus their "product experts" will just give you the most useless information in this earth to have ever existed which will not fix your issue and then just say that google doesn't provide support for this thing.  I don't really get how they can get away with being so irresponsible with their customers. Using a google service is always a gamble.
Jim Browning (the other guy) is a really talented singer thank you for shining a light on his amazingly cute content
I’m confused on how or why this man isn’t looking at your profile picture that can anyone can just put 2 and 2 together and figure out what that means and then goes on to try and recruit you as a scammer 😂
Let's gooo you got it back!
I think he was just showing you a cropped screenshot of a Youtube Revenue Calculator. A tool he likely uses to target the channels.
Here from Charlie
never use the provided communication way back to where it came from - don't trust sources. decoupling saves your ass 😘 just write an email form your youtube/google account to the official support address, refer to the matter and see whats happens.
Whoa. That's a reality check. If Yoda can get tricked by the Dark Side what are the rest of us rebels supposed to do?
What i learned is that google's security is not so secure and when it asks me for permissions for "security and privacy" reasons, is all bullshit they just want to track my digital signature and access to my tastes for ad purposes... Google turbo sucks.
never use the provided communication way back to where it came from - don't trust sources. decoupling saves your ass 😘 just write an email form your youtube/google account to the official support address, refer to the matter and see whats happens.
Man, you really fell for some phishing page for the adsense scam.. lol. I'm sorry but that's hilarious because you know better.
I know the group who does dis, they go by the name of Team Overkill or oVr for short and they have a website
It doesn't take a stupid person to make stupid mistakes. It happens fairly easily in a hurry and a pressure.
LIES! IT IS ME MIGHTY YouTube!!
Hi Jim, good to see you're back and wise to another scam! I had my phone number discovered on a breach recently and got an amazon scam call, I managed to waste about 30 mins of their time before they hung up!
Love you Jimbro. (Your old enough to know Jim Reeves. )
So his name is YouTube
Psyched Substance just had this happen to him, this dude is legit
Plot twist this was just an elaborate plan from the other Jim Browning to boost his channel
This wouldnt have happened if Byzantium won at Manzikert.
15:15 Turkey has a legit problem with Syrian refugees due to a lack of border control, it's more than possible he's from Syria.
Wow never thought this would happen to Jim Browning! I was once scammed from a business email compromise as the scammers spoofed the business email address. So simple but so effective
What happened to spiffing brit, last night I watched his "Making 50 IDENTICAL Call Of Duty's to BECOME A BILLIONAIRE!" - video
If it can happen to Jim Browning, it can happen to anyone. At this point I don't trust any of my emails
listen bro from a link you can get his pc ip adress and when you have it you can go to a linux system that will lett you to open his pc from the ip adress
If jim can be scammed...... *We should fear for our life*
im still subd
Oh Jim! I’m so happy to c u back! Please please please b careful & don’t leave us!!! Take care of yourself and we’ll c u soon! 🥰 By the way, I’ve watched u for ages but like u, I was busy/tired/doing other stuff I almost fell for the Amazon scam.. I only realised after they tried to get me to send £ to India… I asked the ‘lady’ on the other end of the phone “um why am I SENDING money to India? I think I’ll call amazon customer services..” funny enough the line went quiet and then cut off… Jim I feel ur pain, it’s so easy to fall for these rotten scammers esp if like u said, ur mind is elsewhere… good luck in future! We all love you!!! 😘
When even the mighty Google messes up and allows abuse of its domain, you can't trust anyone. Be safe out there, folks!
It's possible that they might be Syrian, a lot of them fled their country for Europe during the Syrian civil war but many stayed in Turkey.
We need to get the homie spiffing brit back.        Reanu keeves shall be resurrected
Just goes to show you that anyone can be caught out. But again we have Jim Browning to show us how these scams work. Brilliant work Jim!
Fair play you’ve got to take your hat off to this guy 🤣 Maybe I’m NOT as scam proof as I think I am!!
Clearly the scammers are aware of Jim Browning and wanted to delete his work but little do they know what they’ve done…look out now!!!
Ironic. He could stop others from getting scammed but himself.
If Jim can get scammed imagine in how much danger other people are
Jim Browning, doesnt even dare to touch Chinese scammers lol, even he knows that man from Turkey he asked him whether is he from India, Why always India, beause of views?
I got a similar notification from YouTube but in the app (iOS) I opened YouTube on a different device (Microsoft pc) for security reasons i thought it was ok but I was suspicious for some reason and I closed the app just too see if it came back but it didn’t?! So scammers are using different strategy’s …I don’t trust ANYTHING ANYMORE!!
You are not the only one. This scammer or a similiar one tried to steal several big youtube channels, just search for( channel was deleted, hacked).
Jim Browning Google never deletes nothing. I hope the NSA gets the names of those involved in those scams. Keep digging. Secondly for them to know the steps from google it is because Google Out-sourced it's IT department to India Some members of google are agents for these companies and those companies are funding Terrorism. Those Crimes should be treated as International crimes. $2M isn't any small number.
Awestruck!
The scammer was right to recruit you. Your voice is like the morgan freeman of legality
One million syrian pounds is £500  so he probably made 2.5m
He did get a channel with 3 million, Psyched Substance.
I never think l Will hear Turkey  in one of a scam video. (btw right now there is a fire in the place that scammer lives - Muğla-)
I wonder if the scammer was "hired" or if it was just pure coincidence.
Welcome back bro. Glad to have you.  315 dislikes from Microsoft technical support and the Amazon refund department.  I'm sure the IRS will also come by and give you some dislikes also.
Glad everything is back to normal!  Well, almost everything…
good videos
1mil $ and he desperately need 100$ 😂
Hello Jim, Need help India was scammed approc 75trillion $ by british, Mughals scammed India nearly the same. Would you please help us recovering that.
You know the funniest thing about this is that this is almost exactly like that metroman meme  Every Jim Browning viewer: I thought you were dead?  Jim Browning: My death was...greatly exaggerated  and then Jim proceeds to tell us how he slapped around a scammer for scamming him
it is so kinda silly ....
Looks like the phoenix arised from the ashes.
You are an honourable man Jim. To admit you were deceived and then to warn everyone is admirable. These scammers are the lowest form of life.
Must feel pretty dumb for falling for this. Idk why you didn't suspect something when "YouTube" asked you to make a new channel. It so hard to trust any emails these days though.
For me the biggest sign that something is a scam email is misuse of punctuation or complete lack thereof.
It happens to best of us Jim. Glad you recovered your acc. Welcome back.
If Jim Browning can be scammed, none of us are safe. we really have to keep things in perspective..anyone, anybody, can be scammed in one way or another.
Really suprised you fell for this.
Jim it is possible this was a malicious attack from someone working with google where in google was/is not aware of the person they hired doing this.
This is an awesome and informative video. I'm glad you got everything back as well!
I was wondering what had happened, I was watching one of your videos via my xbox and the video tried to buffer before saying it couldn't be played, I then checked your channel and no videos were showing up.
Literally an hour after you posted this vid another big and great YouTube “the spiffing Brit” fell for the exact same scam and his channel is now deleted :( so everyone make sure YouTube and YouTubers in general notice this video so the scam can be widely known so no more great people lose the channel that is there livelihood and hopefully YouTube can come up with a way to combat this
Scammer of scammers gets scammed by a scammer
You mess with Jim, you mess with the rest of us! IT'S ON!
The fact that you were scammed is quite scary.
طلع سوري 😂😂😂😂😂😂 فضحتونا 🤦‍♂️
I wonder if it's thespiffingbrits account he took... He just lost his
i am so sorry you got hacked... well almost hacked. lucky for me i was still subscribed to you and glad you are not gone! keep fighting the good fight!
The lack of ponctuation in the original Email hurts to read. May be it could be an indicator of a scam.
Thank God Jim is back!
this proves that youtube and google has minimal email security and verification
Saint Jim you have such an impact, keep keeping on and on.
Weird, the same thing happened to a few other YouTubers including psychedsubstance
Welcome Back!
This video and the drama before broke my belief that scambaiters can't be scammed.
I cant remember who, but someone I watched had somethinf like 3 mil subs and his account was stolen. He might be telling the truth.
Is finding someone's ip adress, like how Jim did with the Grabify link, legal? because wow is that scary
Soooo useful kudos jim
I always thought only idiots were scammed. I was wrong.
So good to see you back, Jim.   What a scare.
I have a big Amazon account and I'm scared stiff that one of my staff members will compromise the security. If it happened to Jim it can happen to anyone! I am more worried of the poor response from Amazon, luckily his name managed to convince YouTube but still with lots of hurdles.
Why did you choose Jim Browning as your alias though lol
Sadly guys like this give hard working Syrians in Turkey a bad name and like most refugees they will marginalised. If only he used his skill set for a better job.
That ending...
A group of guys in New Delhi probably celebrated this lol.
It literally says if you move your channel to account.... The currently connected channel would be deleted so ........  Everybody ignoring that to pity you ok you got scammed but if you read the top instead of focusing on the boxes you'd be in a better place good luck buddy
welcome back Jim!
Great video Jim Browning thank you.
Looking forward to the wrath of Jim on the worlds scammers !
Guess who’s back, back again, brownings back, tell a friend
Thank you for the video Jim. Still says subscribed here, I have not had to re-subscribe.
Wow, glad you were able to restore your channel.
Thank god you got it restored
Good to see you back man, glad it got sorted. Just proves, nobody is untouchable, but every mistake is a lesson learned and experience gained. Hopefully this leads to more scams like this being halted and more people made aware.
Well that´s only fair https://www.youtube.com/user/jimbrowning was there first! I mean at least before THIS account^^
Welcome back Jim hahaha.
"anyone can be scammed, if the circumstances are right" wise words of a smart man
Absolute premium content right here.
Good to see you back online. I guess the other Jim Browning will thank you for the views he may have the last days. This will teach hopefully many of the so-called  "pros" that there is always a way, even to hunt down the biggest wolf, because the method counts.  At the end of the day, everything went good. I wonder if google acknowledge the exploit and move forward to fix it.
This almost happened to Mutahar as well.
track them down jim
Another guy he got is named "phychedsubstance" he's got around 2 or 3 million subs, and talks about this exact same scam
Hey Jim, thank you for doing this, your humility and willingness to step into this really emphasizes your excellence. Glad it all worked out.
Whilst it is worrying that even the esteemed Jim Browning is at risk of being duped, it is marvelous to see the video swap to a "I'm not trapped in here with you, you're trapped in here with me" once he cottons on...
Jim is the fucking John Wick of the internet that scammer just dug his grave
Amazing experience … thanks Mr Browning. Can’t believe they were able to get to you like this. 👍🇦🇺
Revealed he was in South West Turkey... *So I rerouted a Russian drone from the Caspian sea*
20:44 I am so glad to hear that music again
welcome bacc
It´s terrifiying to see that such a thing could happen to you. I mean... you are the godfather of scambusters (btw I´d love to hear an intro with the ghostbusters theme with the word "SCAMBUSTERS").
Crazy i was looking for your video with the CCTV the other day to show my girlfriend and it wouldn’t pop up. I’m glad you got your account back
Are you a monk or something how do you stay so calm when you're being scammed!! Even replying him with "hehehe - we are past that" 🤯
I'm a web developer that gets asked for security advice way too many times. The best advice I can give anyone is having a good head on their shoulders and NEVER do conversations with "companies" that you haven't initiated. If your bank "contacts" you via email and gives you a link to a chatroom or something like that, instead go on your bank site and contact them directly.  Though I'm glad I can point to your channel and show what someone smart can do.
I heard the news from penguinz0. Use your Akudama powers, hack their system. 😁
This scammer is using social engineering to scam Jim. If you don't know anything about computers, social engineering is the most important thing to learn.
Shoo I am glad nothing was deleted
The social links part of the descriptions is repeated twice...*Is Jim Browning Really In Control Of His Restored Account*?
he bout to meet the imperial japanese empire
Vultures are everywhere! It is the sign of the times.
If he’s making 16k why try for again for 100? Just a lie so he could take your revenue, if I’m correct I don’t know how that works exactly
This is the definition of don’t bullshit a bullshitter, god level chess player
The scam baiter got scammed.. goes to show can happen to anyone, stay safe!
Should of just ignored the email or contact YouTube well lesson learned.
I'M YOUTUBE
As unfortunate as this is, this event makes everyone more informed. Hopefully many creators see this and don’t fall for something like this.
One of my favourite youtubers. Glad your back. Your a hero
Just happy you’re back 👍🏻
The other Jim Browning now is famous
I think you should hire a thumbnail artist
Jim is so good that even when he loses he wins
It's so bizarre how menacing the whole thing is at first and how hilarious it turns when the scammer has to start going off-script. Man really said "I AM YOUTUBE"
Scams can happen to the best us... You can be so vigilant but humans have flaws, so things can align in their favour.  This video is a good reminder of that
Oh gosh! 😰
Good to see you're back Jim I'm already subbed it seems so no action for me to take
Never ive up....  #PyrateRulz 👆❤🏴‍☠️
Good illustration that no matter what it is, legit looking or not, **do not** click on links in email. Always, always, always manually go to the actual site (YouTube.com) to see if you have any notifications or messages in your creator account or any other clue that would match up to whatever is in the email message. If you have an MCN, go to them first.
Someone tried to challenge Jim himself. Goodness me
It seems that thieves and Scammer are becoming smarter, but not as smart as Mr. Browning. As the old saying goes: " Fool me once same on me, fool me twice same on you"
At the end scammers heart beat at 100000000😂
The Spiffing Brit was a victim of this      Very sed
Scary stuff Jim. Shows we’re all very vulnerable. On a positive note, one of your best videos !
this is like the lockpickinglawyer failing at picking a lock
mutahar almost got scammed too
So happy to see that you're back Jim!
Wow
17:11 "you your channel was deleted"  Even actual google support has typos, making scam typos even more overlookable
he is Youtube
Well well well... Jimmy boy is a man like the rest of us.    Having the correct url on the email is so convincing! I'm glad you got it sorted.
If you come for the King, you'd better not miss.
And the funny thing is that this is probably a kid
https://youtu.be/IirecBNx3nM
It speaks like an AI strange
The exact same thing happed to a channel called *psyched substances* check it out and see how it happened to him too.
Could be an Indian sitting in Turkey. Just a thought.
humans are simply the worst. we need humangenocide
This is a true horror story and your voice is so calm. I am a small YouTuber so I don't have to worry about that. But if I were you I would've cried on this video.
The last part was fynny
@@UCtMVHI3AJD4Qk4hcbZnI9ZQ is also a victim of this exact type of SCAM. but he is safe from nearly deleting his channel.... oh my lord plz delete those SCAMMERS pleaseeeeee
I would've thought they got smart and stop having CCTV in their office after Faremart Travels videos lol
This dude almost reached Jim Browning levels of intelligence.
Im from Australia and got a call from someone saying they were from a security company, thanks to your vids , I asked questions and realised it was a scam. Thank you mate .
Yeah, I had to resubscribe! Glad to hit that button again though!
I saw that The Spiffing Brit was also scammed in some way into deleting his channel yesterday
unto his knowledge Jim wasn’t in the ring with him he was in the ring with Jim
Scamming Jim Browning is like sending an unpickable lock to the LockPickingLawyer
Even this guy who seemed to be so knowledgeable on scams managed to get scammed. I am genuinely worried about the future of what would happen if these people managed to get a hold of the right information that could do serious damage to the economy or with military tech.
I love how Jim gets him to click on that grabify link and get his IP😂sweet sweet revenge
Oh Jim. You read oughta have gotten a second opinion before overwriting your account in the first place.
Welcome back 👍
Glad to see you got it back
Thank you for uploading this, it must've been hard and embarrassing but it really highlights how good these guys are getting, and just how vigilant we really have to be
u shouldnt show people ip cuz now i know his ip and now i can put his internet off by stress them or beter hackers can hack his phone by an ip
Nice to know that ppl cannot track me with grabify link - VPN blocks it =D
Glad to hear you manage to recover your channel. It is a real mess knowing that despite the leaps and bounds taken with technology, people are still stuck with thieves.  I guess, as long as there are people who would rather steal, than help to people in life. There will always be people living in poor conditions. Which, ironically is the supposed reason why some would choose to steal.
Hey! Im wondering how you can right a fake url to track SB
Jim browning gets scammed and somehow managed to make content out of it.
For the whole the was trying to search for your channel and even thought that “Jim browning” wasn’t even right lol
I'm just glad our intrepid hero is back
It's kinda sad for both parties I feel. On one hand, you went through major anxiety and that is never fun. And that when you're someone who knows what to do in these situations,. Can't imagine the amount of stress a regular person would experience from something like this.  Secondly, I have a feeling that the scammer may have been desperately looking for money, especially in a region that has been devastated by war. It's sad.   Anyways, it's great to have you back! I was just telling my folks about the work that you do. Keep up the good work 😊😊
Jim Browning: *MOST TECHNICAL PERSON IN THE WORLD*  Also Jim Browning: _Password: “APassword!!!!”_
this has to be the smartest scammer i’ve seen in a while to do such a convincing job most likely without a team like many other scammers do its fairly scary in comparison
We need way better cyber security tbh since everything is transferring to online and things can easily be hacked/ scamable
What ridiculous UI/UX design from Google, anybody could have easily fell for this. "Replace" or "move" should mean move TO the new channel not the other way round. A billion dollar tech giant like Google allow creators to easily destroy their hard work with a poorly-worded, ambiguous confirmation message.
So these low life scum are already being investigated, good.
You know shits real when moistcritikal acknowledges this scam, Jim, I think you know what to do.   PAYBACK.
13:34 he could've used inspect element
Just glad you’re back with us, those scammers will have to get smarter
Psyched Substance also had his channel removed by this method
I bet your gut feeling was punching you from inside the gut the whole time!
Nope it’s still not possible for me to get scammed. You broke rule number 1: always say no and contact the entity through their public contact details to verify.
The ja-bater got ja-baited
Scammer: "I'm YouTube"
i did not hit up the other channel but based on the screenshots i dont think the other guy wants to get more views looks like mostly social media about his grandkids.
Also take gcse English, this one is obviously a scam
When the scammers scam back.. But hey, I did not have to re-subscribe to your channel? Maybe they have sorted that out also? :s
Once again, Jim OWNS a major scammer even after this horrible ordeal. If anything, Jim, you have just become more wiser after all this. This didn't hurt you, it helped you majorly and helps the entire YouTube community knowing about this scam!! No matter what they do, those scammers CANNOT stop you!
Yikes. Glad you managed to get all your stuff back online man.
Hats off to you for keeping you for keeping your cool and not falling for this scam
Can you explain how you rolled the grabify link
so unfortunate that this had to happen so jim of all people i came here from penguinz0 but i saw his content on his scam sting jim did and i only hope that this did not discredit the great work jim browning does
Imagine making videos on scammers and then being scammed yourself. What a dummy
The screenshot at 13:41 could be a  channel he actually has and he just edited the page before taking the screenshot, that would be my guess.
OK they can scam Jim, we are all doomed
Glad to hear you recovered from this.  What's most interesting to me is that at the beginning of this story I was thinking, "someone targeted him as payback."  But it seems to have been just a random phish on YouTube creators that you got caught in...
"Indian scammers unite and put a hit on Jim Browning. Syria takes up the challenge" LMAO
welcome back G.O.A.T
the 2 way account veryfication has a danger too. in amazon for example, they send these phishinglinks now along with the code. PPL IGNORE THOSE LINKS PLEASE !!! only use the number they send you. first they only sent it when i had the settings on the english language but now i get them in german too. also, since that started i get phonecalls like crazy from a 072 number wich i NEVER ANSWER. the other jim has great music btw !!! maybe he gets some trafic from that accident, that would be fantastic. glad you are back and well, jim browning !!!
"You guys are so screwed now!" - Dr. Bruce Banner
You have become the very thing you swore to destroy /s
I had a very convincing person try to hook me in to buying bitcoin, probably just to scam my money. I was on a respected Youtube channel and someone replied who seemed to be the owner of the channel. But the person had opened a new Youtube account in the same person's name and cloned the channel's logo too. All he'd done is make the name up 'pinned by nameofperson'. So his message looked like it was pinned by the owner of the channel. He said he was very interested in my comment and could I contact him through whatsapp and gave a number to call. Be very careful out there.
Play with fire, you get burned - so happy you like playing with fire, though, for the sake of all those your help! Keep up the great work!
the “Delete channel” action would ring the bells right away! Never ever do something which will cause negative effect, because some guy from sucksupport say so. Any platform / domain owner etc. has control to repair such things w/o even noticing.  Eventually a request to log in/reload/refresh of page or such things would be relevant…
Go ahead and keep taking advantage of Youtube's crazy moderation by making your videos behind a paywall
Nah some people out there wanna be smarter than Jimm.. but they dont realize they already chosen death..
Scammer- “I’ve scammed Jim Browning!” Jim- *levels up* Scammer- 🤦🏾‍♂️
"Who are you?"  "I....AM.....YOUTUBE!!! (dramatic music plays)
Great to see you are back!!!
You crooked guy
Thanks Jim. Keep up the good work!
I've never been scammed because I don't answer calls from people I don't know and don't answer emails or click on links, unless they originate from me.
Same thing happens to psyched substances recently, but it went further, I suggest watching his video about his channel getting deleted
That which doesn't kill you makes you stronger. This scam failed to kill you.
This is Scary glad your Back Jim :--D
Props to Jim Browning for being confident enough to share what happened so we all learn. I would honestly have been so embarrassed if I was in his shoes. He is a stronger person than me.
I’m constantly getting scam emails on my inbox. I’ve tried to blocking those emails but they always come back on my inbox. One thing I noticed is that each scam email on my inbox has a different email. So that’s probably why it keeps showing up on my inbox. I honestly don’t know what to do anymore so I just block the emails.  Edit: the comments below are nothing but bots offering pornography. They’re obviously scammers as well so please don’t become a victim of sextortion scam. Thank you have a nice day 😄
Hey jim i missed you
That should really be an eye opener to people,  but sadly nope...
Good. We don't want more bongs on the internet.
🎵 "...and when the bad folks all get together at night,  you know they all call big Jim "Boss" ... just because. And they say:  You don't tug on Superman's cape.  You don't spit into the wind.  You don't pull the mask off that old Lone Ranger. ...and you don't mess around with Jim."🎵 _~Jim Croce, 1972_
Jim is a legend. ❤️
Wow, what a crazy scam! It's really true what you say; coincidence was the real culprit here. Circumstance can create disaster when one becomes panicked.
that youtube analytics screenshot looks very familiar... pretty sure it's from a pewdiepie video but I'm not totally sure... also, the dumbest kind of criminal is the one who brags a lot
Hmm interesting. My experience so far is one to do with netflix where the email seems accurate (though even then it is wrong due to the sender only showing Netflix with no email), though with that it was automatically in the junk folder and the fact that atm I don't use netflix so the statement is flat out false (claims my payment has been declined while my subscription is still active) with obvious wrong font for Netflix, background of email is wrong (might be the numerous cases where dark mode highlights the flaw) and the box at the bottom has a bunch of mistakes when compared to the actual netflix email.
Another guy I subscribed to also had his deleted for 5 days.
This is a very serious post Jim , we all rely on the domain name system to be incontrovertible ! This is even more worrying than the crooked activities of the scammers.  Google is a reserved domain name  and should never be available to non-Google  personnel. The scammers from India have obviosuly attempted to destroy your channel as it is wreaking havoc on their criminal activities. A big thank you for postingt this.
"I am YouTube" didn't know Susan Wojcicki had a side hustle
Imma be honest I didn’t realize ur channel was deleted 😭
The earnings screenshot is definitely  from a youtube short. I am almost a 100% certain that it was exactly the same amount. Just dont know, who it was -.-
12:26 no I believe it. Some creators on this platform are not too bright. If you of all people almost fell for this scam, surly others have completely fallen for it.
Good to have you back...
Indians prob trying to take him down
Shout out to the random grandpa that got like 5 million views on his page. His notifications must have made his phone explode.
I think it’s a setup. How many sales of Google play cards has Jim Browning prevented on this channel? The bleeding had to stop
Worked for MS support for years, I have seen every scam possible I think. I'm super paranoid now and in a situation like this I would have just reached out directly to google, not a link in the email.
If Jim fell for it - temporarily - I'd be a sitting duck because I lack his skills and knowledge to rectify the matter.
A detail I think you've missed here - the scammer did not spoof a Google email address. They sent you a message on Google Chat, and Google Chat then sent you an automated notification email. The email itself was actually 100% legitimate, as it was simply Google themselves notifying you that you'd received a message.
I think the reason why it comes from a google.com email address is because it's an automated Google notification telling you that you have a new Google Chat message.
What a close call.  Think of it this way...now you're bullet proof.  God can come down from Heaven and you'll require 2 factor authentication to speak with him.  Welcome back, we are all safer with you here.
No one is safe. I am fully online-paranoid. But one day I know it will also happen to me.
I can’t believe it you’re back 🥲
Jokes on the scammer, this is a quality content for you
I didn't need to re sub, thankfully. This all had me terribly worried for a moment tho once I heard about it from penguinz0. Keep up the great work Jim!
I’m just waiting for Jim Browning’s revenge arc now.
So Happy to see jim back 👏👏👏👏👏
Huge respect to you Jim for openly admitting you got scammed. It takes a lot of courage and will to do something like that. Like you said, we are only human, we all make mistakes. Good to have you back Jim. <3
I hope someone finds that scammer and give him a good humble whooping.
Scottish and Irish people aren't too bright is what im getting from this
Also sorry this happened it’s really unfortunate and really unlucky at the time this took place.
Hey can you expose scammers at Vidio games or exposing hacker at online games
A beautiful scam, the fact that both channels are named Jim Browning allows for the what you called lack of transparency when moving your channels. Had they been different you could've noticed the mix up or at least it would have become so ambiguous that you would've searched the support pages how moving the account actually works.
Literally no excuse in the book that you can give me to justify scamming. None. I have no remorse or respect for wastes of human life who do this shit.
Jim, I feel for you. I've been in IT Security for 20+ years and I've seen even the most discerning eyes, be tricked into clicking and following along. You are 100% right, anytime you can enable 2FA, the better. Glad to see you are up and running again to pwn the scammers.
If these scammers are good enough to get over on Jim Browning…. The rest of us don’t have a chance. Live and learn
The end of this video confused me... is everything back on your original channel or... ?
really i never knew it happened
*John Wick music intensifies*
This reminds me of a few days ago when one of my friends got scammed in discord sending me a cs:go scam about a trade and I clicked the link not realizing it was a http: and not https: I learned later that it installed a Trojan and I was worried for a bit but luckily my steam was safe due to 2FA and using linux.
I’m scared my channel might get deleted somehow and I’ll lose my videos because I haven’t backed them up. Amid there any way I can mass down load them easily than just one at a time?
Phishing scams are a real problem.
We missed you Jim. Keep the vids coming 😊
When you get a message via Google Hangouts don't you ever get a Mail from @google.com? Because it's just a notification? Glad to have you back though!  And yeah, I was scammed too by a fake site that required a Steam login. Didn't check the URL and gave them my data. The scammer then sent that link to my friends on the list. Though I was able to recover the account quickly.
If I've learned anything from this experience is that Alex Jones Channel is somewhere out there stored and somehow someday it will be free
Thanks for sharing Jim, we missed you. It reinforces the need for us all to stay "on guard".
who use google chat anyways?
Scammers have connections inside.
I think it could have been from a YT video from a few years ago because that is the only thing that makes sense to me. Or those are some godly editing skills.
I almost fell for an IRS phone scam because of circumstances; I just happened to have made changes to my tax status a few days prior. When the "agent" demanded payment same day with threat of arrest if I don't comply, and refused to send a letter with all the details, I became suspicious.
From address is kinda easy. I kept seeing incorrectly labeled address some while by now. Thunderbird example shows totally wrong one if you later go check headers it came from totally different address.   Best one by date is that i got email which was supposed to go totally other outlook account even by the header data.
what's even more odd is that videos surrounding this have a very specific pattern 1. The scammer was in Turkey  2. bots say fiendish "x person is burning is hell haha"  3. other bots spam links to a Muslim prayer hymn about peace
I recently got scammed for my Steam account, the scammer knew exactly what he was doing with no spelling errors or nothing and managed to convince me
thespiffingbrit has the same issue and still hasnt got his channel back...its sad
Jim: You get one, world.
Glad to hear you have your channel back
I thought you were pretty smart? I can't believe you fell for that. In fact, I find this story hard to believe and just not plausible.
Scammer catcher gets scammed, then scammer gets scammed
Psyched substance got the same scam & bite to it too! Happy that you two got back your accounts
I'm glad you're doing okay, Jim. Hopefully we'll all come out stronger because of this :)
I highly recommend U2F for all your email accounts if supported.
13:31 the fact that the views and revenue are dropping sharply suggests this might be a real screenshot
Jim after he saw the Google form: *"sus"*
Wtf that's one polite scammer
The biggest red flag should have been that you managed to get an immediate live chat with a human, goog just doesn't do that.
I expect a payback from browning. This means WAR ! ! !
Yo we can filter all channel with 12mil and find the user
The Dark Knight returns
Maybe the fact that a YouTube representative has time to chat to you all day, should have been a red flag.
The spiffing brit has been affected by this same scam, and still doesnt have his channel back. Please help him
Channel go brrrrrrrrr
Whoever did this is now worshipped in Indian scam circles as the one who brought down Jim Browning
Its all fun and games till jim gets ur address
how did you of all people get scammed
Hi Jim, well done. just one thing:  @ 20:00 your email is visible...
14:09 I thought I was watching Jum Browning, not Pleasant Green
I remember a popular channel of an artist (painter) in Scotland who had his channel hijacked by a scammer in Turkey a few years back. He lost thousands of hours of content, tutorials, demonstrations and feeds were never recovered and it nearly broke the poor guy. That was in 2014 and there was no recourse back then and youtube were never able to do anything about it. I have noticed since that many have lost channel content to scammers based in Turkey, some were able to have their channels restored but sadly most have not. Thanks Jim and I'm glad things worked out for the best. Keep up the fine work.
this is really a great information to share... thanks Sir Jim~
Ok this is getting scary, Jim is somehow learning more despite his already infinite knowledge
Thank God you were able to recover back your channel 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
Hey, my friend has a channel with 16k videos that was deleted the same exact way. Can you please link me with the support guy who solved your problem?
Thanks for sharing
Honestly, I'm entirely convinced they used to work for YouTube. If they're smart enough to scam you of all people, they're not amateurs.
Take em down jim were with you
Welcome back Jim.
FUCK YEAH CHRISTOPHER
No spelling mistakes = a sure sign of a scam? Huh?
The sharing functions of Google Drive and older versions of Samsung Calendar are full of this stuff too. It's so silly to experience people filling YOUR calendar with cancer unsolicited.   And the sharing on Drive, it really should start with contact requests, not these content previews that in my experience you can by default only hide. I get that it kind've transgresses on Facebook being social and Google for productivity, but it's worth it imo.
This video gave me so much anxiety. Glad you sorted it out Jim.
You were scammed. That's rare. Were you targeted or is this just ironic. They wouldn't make any money off this would they?
Damnn let more ppl know about thiss
These guys are getting smarter. Scary indeed.
that jim browning prob like "WOAH, HOWD I GET 500 SUBSCRIBERS IN A DAY?"
295 FOOKIN scumbag scammers downvoting the video? Sigh... Somebody destroy them ants.
DAAAAAMMMMNNNNNNNN !!!!
Google forms is such a giveaway...😂
everyone report the trolls, and their accounts
Dude you are human, anyone can fall for a sophisticated email like that. Glad you back, hoping your trying to track these scammers down.
LMFAO He straight up just made a demand of $100 hahahaha. Glad you exposed this guy! And I'm glad your channel is okay too. Cheers
At least Jim Browning #2 seems nice:)
The scammer may have failed, but imagine the bragging rights he'll have against all his scammer buddies for fooling such a big channel AND someone who's out to get people like him? He'll be the kingpin of scammers.
that man won the scammer olympics. he scammed jim browning.
This guy is trying to catch scammers with the pfp tech support scams and it’s crossed out
He is insisting that he is YouTube yet he asks for 100$ payment.
so a random grandpa took your URL while you where out, just to post his grandchild videos? Life is weird sometimes.....
Welcome back Jim.
I heard Spiffing Brit got hit by this too.
Scary stuff. Great that you were able to recoup it though. Very fortunate that you noticed it when you did.
When they try to game the man who games, but the man who games games you
This is convicing from previous methods wher they want u to make promotion videos. Anyway welcome back❤️.  Also lots video about conspiracy get Views so they earn something hahaha 🤣. Hero's never die they become a part of you🌟 I guess u can sing now that song 🙂
This feel s like an anime
were you the guy who called jason blaha's dad or do you just sound awfully similar to him ?
My sub stayed on Jim.  Good luck making life hard for scammers in the future. These guys are the worst and they need someone like you to stop them.
Holy shite, the scammers have finally retaliated. This is it. The end of days
Other big YouTubers have fallen for this. I wouldn't be surprised if those pictures was real.
The smartest scammer ever
I receive email scams, however, I never inform them of their grammatical errors. I just send their emails to my junk mail.  Good to see everything turned out okay for you, Jim.  Love your work.
My heart dropped when you pulled up the page on the form that asked for your password because I thought of how you must've been absolutely kicking yourself the MOMENT you saw that originally, I woulda flipped the fuck out at that point once it all came full circle.
Glad to see you back. Keep up the good work.
That scammer has earned some bragging rights among his fellow bottom feeders.  He got one on the Big Dog!
I am feeling bad for the guy who's account got stolen .he would be  heart broken.
I'm glad to see that Jim's back in action.
Glad to have been in contact via Patreon even while this was going on!  You still have our support!
Still subbed and getting notifications. So glad to see you have defeated your final boss. Nothing can stop you now.
Hold on, can I check with u, the revenue is base on no. Of viewers or no. Of subscribers...? Cos I cud c tat it’s 12mil views but only abt 32k subscribers...
saextazyprez a civil rights activist had his channel hijacked by a Russian sounding scammers running a money flip scam.
What in the absolute fu*kery is this
You acted like an amature
I love u jim
"He had no idea what my channel was about"  His pfp literally says tech support scams
He has taken Spiffing brit's channel
They just revealed more of their tricks to you. The very act of them trying to scam you, successful or not, is more damaging to them in the long run. They keep on fueling the fire, and it will eventually engulf them, assuming you do another scammer takdeown video.
When the smart kid in class fails the test
well jesus
The spiffing Brit channel got scammed by this same guy
You are now back and stronger than ever!   >:)
Very honest video 👍 Did you even get a wee tiny bit wobbly when you realised it was a scam cos I was just watching this 😂 Thank you for the warning P.S I didn't have to re-sub
Anyone noticed how when it says scam detected it near Indian in like the intro when the glob is spinning
If Jim can fall, we all can
He pulled an uno reverse on tht scammer lol
I'm glad you're back! 😭❤
Even the best can fall for a scam :-|
Good to have you back.
Coincidences burn! I clicked a fake dropbox link in an email warning me that my dropbox would be deleted after a year of inactivity - I clicked it because my account had been inactive for almost exactly a year. Everything I knew about avoiding scams was as good as forgotten because the email made perfect sense. The sender of the fake link? my school, training me on how to avoid scams. So that was good.
Thank you Jim for sharing all of this.  This is a good reminder to remain vigilant about always back-end verifying who you are talking to, especially about critical movements  I'm not in tech;  the phishing-test e-mails that the global corporation I work for sends out are so rudimentary and obvious.  An e-mail from someone I've never met from a company I've never heard of asking me to review a docu-sign file and all you have to do it hover the links to see it is obviously nonsense.  This particular scam has a lot more layers.  Good to know.  Thanks!
This would all be solved if YouTube had any point of contact, like a phone number you can call to get creator support. I call my bank to confirm whether or not it was really them who sent me an Email sometimes. I have had a scam Email like that before, saying my bank required some info from me. The give away that time was that the scammer used the wrong bank... I suppose they just used a random bank, that a decent fraction of people receiving that scam mail will actually have. All I can tell you is that I'm not doing anything until I've spoken to a person. I'm never sending a family member money, until I've called them and confirmed it's really them asking me to send them money. Always confirm before doing anything that seems irreversible, like removing or sending anything or giving any info.  Odds are you get some Indian guy on the phone.
Thank God you got your channel recovered I wouldn't been happy if that scammer would have been successful , God bless you ❤️🥰
The Hacker Almost got scammed, I dont know you dude, but im super glad you are ok, you make content and save hundreds of thousands of people from being scammed, including me. So I am glad you are ok
He's baaaaack!!!😃
We had an influx of Syrian refugees in Turkey over the recent years. While many of them built up healthy careers and lifes in the country, a lot of conmen still thrive as the result of the government's policies disregarding any regulations about refuge and immigration.
Jim really just pulled an Uno reverse card on the scammer.  Hope this goes somewhere now that he knows how it works and where he lives.
Ironic as hell lol
sometimes you have to lose to learn
"We will permanently suspend your YouTube account" sus. Scammers are so aggressive (and overly 'to the point') when delivering a scare consequence. The fact it's written so plainly, rather than in a corporate way, and not outright framed in some placating way is a massive redflag tho.  I know that the actual support people will vary in their ability to deliver a corporate presence, but the kinda stuff you'd expect would have commonality enough to be pasted becomes so predictably stale and focused on being pleasing or placating that it's like a +1 at stonewalling poor imitators.
That man just killed John Wick's dog.
Why didn't you just give YouTube a call from the outset?
Coming for Internet Batman….not wise
Everyone when _Jim Browning_ can even get scammed: *chuckles, I'm in danger*
the scam destroying legend is back
Jim is the scammer one punch man, but due to his lack of focus he had found to be his match, but in the end hes still one punch man, and he took that thing apart quicker than 5 year olds with my lego models
12:20 he has 12 channels and even a 6million subs one
xd
"Sometimes you have to lose the battle to win the war" -Sun Tzu, the art of war
Good on you for admitting that you, the scam killer, got scammed.  This just shows how WAY more vulnerable people that don't know how what they are Facebooking, Instagramming or whatever are actually working against them.  I trust nothing.  If I expect an e-mail or message, I'll check it out with web searches or hover links.  If it seems right, then I might reply or go to the real website directly.  I had my phone number ported about two years ago, so I'm guarding everything.
I luv your videos, Jim. :D
Checked out the other Jim Browning's channel, seems like a nice dude. Also he's a good singer / songwriter.
Gods can bleed after all.
Scam guy tries to hijack elite scambaiter, fails, continues to talk to Jim, clicks Jim's linkbait. It genuinely hurts my head that this guy thought JIM BROWNING would help an exposed scammer make money <just click this link>
"My frend, you win now but the game do not end"      - Future Jim Browning equivalent for scammers
I can understand how anyone can fall for this sort of scam. It's quite convincing. I know I'd definitely would have fell for it.
The line that says "Please reply to us by clicking on Try Chat..." would make me say out loud "fuck that shit".  What's Try Chat? Didn't that raise any flags?
Your first mistake was to take the word of ANY google employee or even communicate with those commies.
The coincidence thing is true. I nearly fell for a DHL scam after I ordered something from Amazon.
He actually gave you a quality assurance survey once you found him out. Actual Google/10
nothing that screams jim browning more than getting scammed followed up by a soon-to-be massive scam centre reveal video the next
Ayeee it's good to know that this channel is back! There have indeed been a lot of content made about what happened to your YouTube channel during the past few days 😅
I was still subscribed
quite the feather in the cap for that scammer, glad your channel is back
Sounds like somebody used to work for Google support? Or they knew someone that used to work for youtube support
ABADON ALL HOPE! If Jim Browning got scammed, then there is no hope for us mere mortals! Run for the hills! Every man for himself!
This proves that scamming scene *does* evolve  When even Jim got caught in it.. We all can  Hopefully this video makes us *extra careful* on this platform.. and on Google as a whole as well.
Plot Twist: You were not dealing with a scammer. You were dealing literally with the Youtube website who has gained self-awareness after seeing millions of cat videos.  Proof? 9:57
What's the classic line, haste makes waste? Always best practice to have a level and clear head when sorting out any sort of tech issue. Glad to see more content on the way.
Wow expert got scam now you know Joe Biden is really the President😷🥶🤭
And I thought having 2FA on all my Accounts was overkill, now I know it's just basic security
Crazy story  I do want to point out  that I know what 2 step verification is I just learned about 2SA today.
I want to find this guy irl and take his 2.5 million that he doesn't have.
Omg that's ironic Jim 😳 I'm super happy for you that your channel is back!! Be careful out there! 🧡 Love from The Netherlands 🧡
I had this same type of scam happen to me as well.  Not exactly as losing a YouTube channel … but same idea.  The same thing that got you Jim, got me … it was the @google.com address and mostly perfect English that made me think it was a real initial email as well.
Welcome back Jim.
i once fell for a steam account scam cause i was very tired and didnt think much of it (tho i was watching out for links) i knew something was up when i saw it said i had to send bitcoin, also i did lose the account and was devastated but luckily the scammer unlocked the account to try to scam my friends, thats when i locked the account and regained full control of it. which just shows how true it is that with the correct circumstances anyone can get scammed, if it was a day later nothing like this would’ve ever happened to me probably
Who came here from Charlie's Video 👀? The Moist King
Thats a huge scam operation dang
Good luck to scammers from this point forward, you’ve got jim pissed and on guard.
Welcome back Jim.
The irony
A scammer that scams, scammers just got scammed
You gotta give this scammer credit, this was a really good one. I probably would have fell for it as well. I think i would have stopped at “delete my channel” though especially if i had 3 million subs lol
They must have merged all the top In dian scammers into a Mega In Dia Scammer bot to beat you. Bet you all the young boys got a wolloping that day. Ah well. Guess some scam centers are going to burn after this 🤣
welcome back my fellow scam buster
that absalutly sucks, i hope that you can pay him back the privalage one day.
they scammed the anti scammer?! who is safe now?
Wow, glad you got it sorted! I would like to think that your content means enough to 3.3 million people that they would have sought you out and re-subscribed to a blank channel in the worst-case scenario.
He legitimately got Spiffing Brit if you hadn’t heard
You can bet the @google domain loophole isn't going to be patched until a mainstream left-wing outlet exposes it. It's the only way they'll hear about it. Google engineers don't watch or listen to youtubers.
Flw videos is a famous Pokémon account that got hacked and he lost his whole account and had the flw channel turned to click bait.  Please ask him about his situation Jim
Psyched Subtance also got hit by this same scam related to duplicate ads
The scammer that scammed Jim Browning. Scammers everywhere: "Careful now, he's a hero"
You going after them now?
The day Jim Browning went on vacation...
This is way better than any Netflix series.. thrill drama and success at the end 🙏🏻
Great to see your channel is back up and running with no real long term issues.
I felt the pain when he clicked “delete channel” glad he got it back!
So frustrating the way youtube just shrugs and says there's nothing they can do to get your channel back until the entire community is up in arms, and then you get a simple copy/paste email telling you how to get your channel back.
Wow, if you can get scammed i worry for the rest of us!!
Wondered what happened to you
Jim browning is back. Yahooooooooo
It's "how" not "hoi"
Lol i can't believe you of all people fell for that
That channels was prob the spiffing brit... ;w; Im in such pain over this...
Mad respect to this guy who turned his mistake into a teaching moment
I’m so glad to see my favorite scambaiter back on YouTube ! .
So happy so you back! Thank you for having “an autopsy” of how everything went down.
Thank God you were able to get your channel back up! Love ya Jim!  Love your content and all you do to bring awareness about these tactics for scamming!
The irony is as a result of the scammer's egregious behaviour, instead of the threat of Jim Browning disappearing and losing money this will probably be one of your most viewed videos. Scammers 0 Jim Browning 53,867,143 more views.
Glad you are back.  I know scammers might not be happy but I know the majority of us are.
Terrifying. Thanks for relating the story warts and all. I'm very glad your videos are back and that you can keep doing what you're doing.
Resubbed and hit the bell
Just an FYI i didnt need to resub, on my end it seems like the channel never left, i hope that helps ease some concern
Thanks for letting us know that everyone can fall victim to scams, Jim. Glad you got it back.
I believe Spiffing Brit also was a victim of this scam. He had 2 Million subs.
The fact that this happened to Jim Browning of all people is what is so scary about it.
Glad you got it back. Was there and heard about it through Pierogi's live stream. Lets keep getting back at these scammers. We are all scambaiters.
So happy you got your channel back 💓
Should have asked to voice chat
What a foolish scammer! This only makes Jim stronger
Hay you know what shit happens to the best of us nobody is perfect. This is a learning experience. And you shared your experience with me and the rest of your viewers. I  can personally say thank you sharing your experience with me now I know what to look for.  Kinda pisses me off that some people can't get off there ass and get there own shit instead of stealing it.  Thanks again and can't wait for more of your videos.
An extremely minor note…  When you were surprised the scammer hadn’t heard of “2SA”, I was not. Just a few moments earlier I’d had to look up what “2SA” was, despite my having had what I thought was almost exclusively referred to as “2FA” active on dozens of logins for many years.  I suspected from the context that “2SA” was maybe referring to some kind of two-factor auth mechanism but wasn’t sure. I’d genuinely never heard of 2FA referred to as 2SA- is that nomenclature particular to youtube? If not then it’s probably no surprise that he didn’t understand- if you’d asked me about something called “2SA” I almost certainly, despite being absolutely familiar with the concept, would have responded intentionally ambiguously, e.g. “2SA?”.
13:40 Looks like a screenshot from a video where Ricegum flexes how much he makes, but this looks different than 2017 youtube so I'm not sure.
kind of ironic but i can understand it lol but i'm glad you're back
Yikers bikers, Jim.
he steals a channel with 3.3 millions subs just for a 100$
They were out for Revenge! You destroying their business so they tried destroying you...
I found out yesterday from Music Is A Rainbow...Glad you're back!
Hey stay safe
Fuck man. Even a master, on a bad day when head not clear enough might fall to this phishing. My head was in the cloud several days ago that I accidentally got a malware, took a while to recover.
“I’m YouTube” lol So glad you’re back!!
And that is how I met your mother
yeah jim isn't dumb for falling for this it's easier to make the puzzle then to solve it
"What do you mean by real support,I am Youtube"
This whole thing is s scam man.
fyi, i did not have to resubscibe, as i was still subscribed. did anyone have to resubscribe? o am just curious. thanks, jim, for showing us what happened. there were a lot of people concerned, including me. i am so glad you got things going again!
Turkey got the lead in tricking Jim. India - Do better! lmao.
"Never trust strangers on the internet."  - Abraham Lincoln
Revenge Arc
Cheers Jim. Glad you're back for good.
If Jim can be scammed we all can. I'm so sacred.
I'm glad you got your channel back jim❤️❤️and I love your accent by the way it's so awesome 😍😍
even the hackers of the hacker gets tricked
I love this. It really does show that no matter how much you know, you can always fall for something.   Also, the fact that Mark Rober didn't get because he forgot his email is great.
Welcome back glad it was all sorted out and you are back up and catching these pricks
I luckily don't have to resubscribe So that's good news. But i was asleep when you account became active again.
That other Jim Browning is clearly a mastermind to take over the direct link. Lol.
YOU GOT IT BACK!!! LETS GO WOOHOO!
Scammer tech reveler got hacked
This is yuotube suport service, send pasword pleas  - in indian accent ofc
Coincidence can be a bitch when it comes to scams. I mean a year ago I almost fell for a scam because earlier that day I did an interview with an official higher up government branch, and I had a nagging doubt that I might have given them the wrong social security number, and then later that night I was called by a tech scammer and told that I had a warrant for my arrest because my social was linked to shit like money laundering and sex trafficking. I actually almost fell forward until I realized they were acting incredibly suspect.
Love how this hacker had no clue WHO he was hacking lmao.
That scammer better _run_ for the hills, they just awoke a sleeping giant
I think every youtuber needs to watch this video
I think Google/YouTube would rather lie about deleted content recovery than actually deal with all the requests (and help people).
I have a strange feeling that Jim will go on a revenge arc. Just sayin.
This literally just happened to The Spiffing Brit’s channel.
how does he get past 2FA?... probably the same way all the others do, "oh we've sent you a text with a verification code/link please give that to us so we can verify you etc"...   absolutely crazy, but it happens to the best of us unfortunately. my dad fell for a spear phishing attack once, and i feel terrible because i was there as well and thought nothing of it... my dad was in a rush to go somewhere, and the scammer posed as a coworker of his that he _knew_ was hosting their booth at a job fair that day. started asking for gift cards to give away at the event and it was just convincing enough that we both fell for it. he got smart halfway through and realized it wasn't his friend, but not before giving him a few of the gift cards he wanted...  i've just learned you have to be constantly vigilant and question everything.   kinda funny to see them fearlessly chatting with an account with "🚫tech support scams" as the pfp though
**Jim enters the battle**
Glad to have you back. Stay frosty.
“Oh geez i havent really seen jim browning on my youtube lately”   Oh-
Welcome back!
This was an impressive scam… Thank you for sharing this with us, Jim. I’m soon to start a job with an information security company in a few weeks, and this will serve as a great lesson to me: sometimes coincidence and being a tad off your game can make any social engineering tactic more efficient.
Wow, I guess everyone has their first time.
Was worried when I saw your stuff gone, glad you’re back man.
Great to see you got your channel back.
"Ironically YouTube gave same instructions, dat the scammer had"  Man dat scammer was good
The Spiffing Brit got hit, channel is still down. He announced it on Twitter
A lesson learned for all the online clever ones..   let  Jim Browning be the guinea pig ...
This is like a crime investigation series. Shocking
It appears to be a social blade lift.  Which makes sense.  You can do the same thing that scammers do with the bank account info
Wow, tx for explaining.
This happened to psyched substance too but he was able to get his channel back too thankfully
Just watching this made me feel physically nauseous.
my sub is good with no need to resub
We're so glad you're back
Hey Jim, I just wanted to commend the absolute courage it must've taken to admit that you were scammed; especially as a Youtuber who specialises in outing scammers. I've been watching your videos for a long time and I thoroughly believed that I would never get scammed. And then I did.  The deep amount of shame I felt afterwards was one of the lowest points in my life.  All it takes is a lapse of judgement to get scammed, I've learnt that now.  I hope others are able to take away that if someone like Jim Browning is able to get scammed that potentially anyone can.
BTW, nobody try to DDoS (or other malicious acts) against that IP that was revealed. It is quite likely to belong to someone else now.  IP allocation from an Internet Service Provider often changes, especially if the current user disconnects their modem out of frustration of a malfunctioning connection.
It literally said a new brand account… like that already shouldn’t make sense
Pov: your here after watching criticals video
coincidence can really get you tricked by scammers.  The day after I came out of hospital I recieved a text starting with "Dear Paitent"  it was asking to check a website to see if I have visited the areas they listed that have just gone under the title as "Tier 2" for covid outbreak and "contact the hospital" not stating what hospital. That was the first thing that thought was a bit suss, as I usually would gt msgs direct rom the hospital I had just been to. I never clicked the link as I never went anywhere and have no life, so I was not concerned, but  at first I did think it was official.   After checking the number it came from I saw the number was well known as a scam number. When I manually looked for the link dhhs.gov.vic.au   a real government website, but the page on that site does not exist, but it was going to a government address, not a mirrored site. Dunno how they did it, but thi is the first time not having a life being stuck at home helped.
Omg the LEGEND IS BACK ❤❤❤
*King Slayer!* "Eliminated the Top player of the match"
Jim, so happy to see you back, now you are more wiser, but every one is, never forget and keep fighting.
Bloody heck, really shows anyone can be scammed. But I still feel like this was a case of ' strike me down and I shall become more powerful than you can imagine' for Jim as he now knows this scam and take advantage of it.
Maybe the scammers work for them
I found out about your channel being deleted via pleasant green,  Welcome back
What questions should you ask a Google representative? How do you know you're dealing with a legitimate YouTube employee?
You sir are an inspiration.
Did- Did he not see your profile picture?
the other jim browning 's  subscriber count  rose to 815 from 271 after the incident 😂😂
Whoever sent that email is bitch made
Just rang the bell on this channel as proof that ANYONE can be scammed.
No wonder i have not geting notications lol be safe jim love ur videos scamers are dumb idots
Is crazy that a massive channel like yourself can't pick up the phone and talk to someone from YouTube. They surly must make enough money off million plus subscriber channels to hire one full time employee for like 50+ channels with 1 million subs or more
i think our batman just attacked by joker
Damn Jim fell for a scam!
He not only gave Jim new scam knowledge, but also made Jim a tonne of cash via views in the process. LOL
14:26 A "no, u" moment right here. Well-played.
We love you Jim! We are glad you are back!!
Jim, just be careful not to rely on the 2SA too much as it can also be comprised. Earlier this month my Steam account (which had the Steam Guard's 2FA activated on it) was compromised. A nifty little trick where unsuspectingly a person in your friend list (compromised account) messages you (scammer disguising himself as your friend) and asks you to "please vote for him/a friend  for an E-sport competition" and that it wouldn't take too long.   This has been quite popular over the years and I thought nothing of it, I've done it before, for different competitions. So I clicked the link and it seemed legit, with a steam log in page I didn't pay too much attention to. Without thinking, I logged in and it even asked for my 2FA. When I put the 2FA In, it gave me a log in error. After another failed attempt I kindly apologised to my "friend" saying sorry wish I could help but it's not working. He did not respond and I ignored the whole thing.   A couple of weeks later I'm minding my own business next to my pc when I start getting a phone call from my friend asking what the hell is going on? Apparently the hacker was live on my steam account, messaging him as well as all my online friends with the same "please support my friend in this competition" script and it suddenly hit me, I flashed back a couple of weeks ago... I've been compromised!   Long story short, the hacker managed to pass on the viral message to most of those online on my friend list and blocked them so that to make it difficult for me to save them from visiting the phising website. The hacker also went into my Dota 2 account within stream's market place and traded all my market items to random hacker-accounts (in order to sell them for $$), so basically he emptied my account and made it impossible for me to "report" all with ease. Mind you, Steam has a NO-Return policy to returning scammed items back.   How did he bypass the 2FA? I thought. After hours of changing my passwords, completely removing my steam guard and resetting everything, running malware and virus checks, contacting steam support for help on how the heck this hacker managed to bypass the very important 2FA step and how I was never notified when he attempted to log in. It turned out that when I put my 2FA in along with my account user name and password, the hacker was able to put a Steam API key (a perfectly legal tool, but dangerous in the wrong hands) into my steam account (look it up, it's scary what it's capable of), which can manipulate the way the compromised user's Steam Guard reacts to certain login conditions; thereby catering to the hacker's needs to successfully and silently log in without my knowledge.   I immediately found the steam Api key on my steam account (Steam don't make that account section easy to find..) and deleted it from my account. I changed all my passwords again and any other related account passwords in case. I reset my steam guard once more. I thought maybe a 2FA Process using phone number instead of Steam Guard would be better, but I think with this steam API key it really does not matter what 2FA method you use. If anyone knows more about what exactly this steam API key is and how it can be maliciously manipulated, please educate me.   Unfortunately, he got through to a few other people on my list and some of them were also hacked. It's still ongoing! Steam really need to sort this issue out. Of course it was my fault. I was in a rush and paid no second thought to what I was doing.   Never in my life did I think I'd get hacked. It's not a nice feeling - AT ALL. I was practically robbed! and I was made to feel used. This hacker is smart, he left no traces and created multiple accounts in order to keep his viral phishing messages circulating. Some accounts are worth $1000's! So it's no surprise that these horrible people would love to get their hands on them.   Just my experience, hope it helps.
well the same issue hapenned to me I mean almost similar. I swapped phones and next day my Nicehash account was hacked and 272$ in air. I was trapped by a similar scam which got my email and password. as i had swapped phones 2fa was down. and boom.
Glad you're back! Stay vigilant, brother!
I heard alanis morissette is going to update her song "ironic" to include you :p
Just goes to show, no one's perfect.  Great work.
Who's dead 💀?
I got scammed on steam and lost my account for a couple of hours. It was very well organised. Someone was selling an in-game item which he said was worth AU$1000. That I had supposedly bought but the finds didn't appear in his account. I tried to help him before he directed me to a steam support assistant. He told me to tell the support team what was happening. However, it was the same guy or his friend. They went through a prosses to "investigate my account" This required me to sign out on all devices and give him my email. I ensured to ask they he was real. I was being stupid and what we was really doing was resetting my account and changing the email connected to it and I gave him the 2SA code without thinking. I then tried to relog in to my account and it said that there were no accounts associated with that account. Long story short, I filed a report and gave as much evidence that I owned the account as I could. The next day I could log back in. Because I am in Australia and the steam support is in America they fixed it through the night. Once I lived in I enabled every security feature I could and moved the account to a new email. I reported him on steam. Thanks to steam for the assistance. Absolute legends!
moral of the story: YOU DON'T ^&#$ WITH JIM BROWNING
Oh, i did have to REsubscribe. Alrighty then.  Awesome story. Coincidences can be scary!
Didn't expect YOU of all people to fall for a scam
The lack of punctuation as well as misuse of caps would have set my alarm bells off immediately. There are no periods at the end of the sentences. Dead giveaway.
I am extremely thankful you have your channel back
WHEW! I'm glad you're back Jim! The world needs you!
dear scammer,  just %ill yourself already.  you don't know what kind of hell you just unleashed on yourself.
Scary stuff. Glad you got your channel back
"how did your channel get deleted"  i forgor
I am already subscribed to your channel Jim!! Thanks for creating such awareness
in these cases and other similiar cases, i always indicated i am busy at the moment and can  i have your full name and number and extension and i will call you back.  100% time if you call the company through your own search on Google and not using the number the person gave you, you can quickly determine if that is an employee.
Hmmmmm, could this have been a targeted Scam maybe by someone connected with people involved in Scams that have been shut down?
For a moment, we thought we lost our best scambaiter! Its awesome you are back. Time for some satisfying payback
I can't believe you fell for this.
Jim really cared about his channel. He cared about his subscribers, and the time he spent on the channel, and naturally he *cared* enough give a second glance at the email that was referring to his *hardwork over growing his channel* . Not because *he need tech support* , not because he needed *free samsung IPHONE 11* , it was because of *_his channel_* he spent so much time growing. Its terrifying that a thing can catch us so off guard we can walk into the easiest scams.
hello this is youtube certified technicial lol
Revenge my friend seek revenge and mess them up
BTW it's 2FA not 2SA it's 2 factor authentication. Close but no cigar Jim.
It is impossible to scam me. I don't have any money to take haha.
🧐YouTube Be Trippin, I Hope You Will Not Stop What You Are Doing, You Are Awesome.💟💟💟🌏 And U Have Helped Me So Much About These Scammers. Thank U.😷🌏💟
kinda ironic since his channel is about scams, and he got scammed himself.
a scammer scammed a anti-scammer who scammed scammers
The guy who scammed jim is probably partying
Its a screenshot
even the scam master got scammed, this is absolutely terrifying
When Jim... Of all people gets scammed. *you know we have hit a code red level danger*
he
I got so scared for a minute 😭😭😭
Well it doesn’t get any more authentic than that.
What a power move to scam a Youtuber who specializes in taking down Tech Support scams
hey good to see you back Jim
the scammers united to attack Jim Browning, huh?
New jim has born
You sir, are a legend 💪😍💪
20:22 LMFAO, man just stole your place on youtube.
Making videos about scammers takes courage.  Making a video when about how you got scammed after that takes pride and dignity. Not only have you demonstrated an amazing point, everybody can fall for a scam at some point it's just a matter of time and (un)luck, but you have shown that you have a great deal of pride and dignity to admit this even happened. Props to you, Jim.
I am STILL subscribed.
AHHHH HA HA HA CANT STOP O'L JIMMY BOY CAN YA
Still subscribe, still notified
Lol you should’ve known by how fast you were getting through everything, YouTube’s support is never that fast 😂
like the song🎶Welcome back 🎶Welcome back 🎶 Jim you know when you clicked  the mouse they were 🎆cheering🎆 like when  NASA had neil &buzz landed on the moon 😂😂😂
I noticed something was off yesterday. I got the indicator that there was a new video in my list of subscriptions, but when I went to your channel there were no videos, except on the playlist.  Probably some aspect of the restoration process triggered a new video alert.
...bring on the immutable legder authentication
Some time coincidences help bad people more then good guys that learned from this what learned so pay attention to details
Brilliant Video
2-step only means they have to take more steps. Even LTT lost his domain to 2-step and so many other famous social accounts. Phone carrier's have gotten better at stopping this but it can still happen. Just takes one person really determined to succeed.
Big L
The fact that you got scammed scares the crap out of me
irony
wb!
Jim!   Who’s legs we got to break for this scam?  Don’t f**k with Jim.
Wow! Well, I didn't have to resubscribe to get the notification of this video being published, so that's good!
My man just came back from the dead like Gandalf the white.
here's what I don't understand - do you typically get contacted via Google chat from YouTube support? That seems a bizarre way to receive official correspondence regarding your YouTube accounts. It seems like that should have been a huge red flag right off the bat.
Welcome back.  Can you do a video about the recent spike in law enforcement raids on call centers in India?
What do you mean real support?    I'm YouTube
"Adresse" C'mon! Even the best pilots crash. Proof.
Can you reach out to the Spiffing Brit ?
Glad to have you back. I paid special attention to how you said Pierogi's name. When he does the horrible impersonation of you, he says Pierogah and I knew you wouldn't say that. Come by our next live chat and let us see you're still breathing!
"What do you mean by real support?  I am Youtube."  That has to be the most "Good guy reveals he was the mastermind all along" kind of comment that I've ever seen from a scam, is like straight up from a movie.
Good to see you again. I love that you are using this opportunity to teach us all that we are human and vulnerable. There's only so much a single person can do to defend themselves but eventually, if someone wants to, we are all vulnerable to exploitation in someway. That's the human condition.
Honestly I have to hand it to them scamming him browning wow
Can I just say, Ironic.
Love how he seems genuinely unphased by this happening to him
Welcome back!
Glad you are back and the transparency is appreciated.
This is the equivalent of rickrolling Rick Astley.
This goes to say turn on 2FA on all your accounts anywhere it's available! It helps!
glad your back, jim
Now this is the moment where Jim finds this man's location, Name, ID, family, and bank account
Seeing how all the stats are down on the screenshot he sent regarding "his" YouTube page means there are no videos being uploaded anymore, he likely just bleeds these accounts dry slowly losing a bit of money each month.
Even the smartest of people can be scammed…      It’s scary
Scammer Wars - The Scammers Strike Back!!  I'm glad you got your channel back!  When I saw a totally different Jim Browning on your channel I was shocked.  Just another example of how easy it can be to fall for a slick scam.
I guess both you and the guy were surviled ,reason by him switching off , I  think anyone dealing with Jim might  or should suspect some agency following -maybe ,probable yes
Welcome back, Jim! Great thing you got your channel back.
Glad you're back!
"my channel was deleted", nah you deleted your own channel
That was terrifying and at least you got your channel back. This video is very important so watch this from start to finish.
Glad you got your channel back. Kind of ironic for the scammer that they continued trying to scam him after he told the scammer it was fake (Especially considering your profile picture is about tech support scams)
hey i found a trojan scam it doesnt only take your money, but also downloads a virus its a architect program called architect 3D please get them because im a young architect that got scammed for 50 euro
Welcome back
Oof
17:13 "since you mentioned that you your channel was deleted" bruh google out here making grammar mistakes too im deaddd
You know that prick is laughing his ass off too
MY friend from Somalia a rapper YouTube channel was hacked and held for ransom just like this and it was scary
Where is my spiffing Brit!!!someone save him!!!
Bamboozled loool
Out of curiosity, even if someone control the YouTube channel, how would they change the adsense account to a new bank account to place funds in? Wouldn’t that trigger an email to the scammed person? I really don’t know how YouTube and adsense account works so I’m asking.
As such a large creator you should have your own rep at YouTube that you could have talked to.
They are trying to take down the king pin. They know who the high value target is.
Hope you’re doing alright now Jim
It was the case he had spiffing brit
I literally would’ve cried for you it ended badly..
Yeah JimBrown back
I didn’t need to re subscribe, so glad you are back!!!
Am pretty sure this guy is watching this video while smoking cigarettes and sipping chai
Not gonna lie, I still don't understand how you took the bait. I get that complacency is a thing, but that initial email was still pretty obviously  a scam.   My rule is that when receiving an email from somebody like YouTube, the contents should be clearly automated(no errors whatsoever, no strange word choices, not particularly specific, etc). If it is not automated and I was not anticipating contact, it is immediately written off as a scam.   I'm not trying to be an asshole because it really is a terrible situation. It's just that somebody so well-versed in this sort of thing should not have fallen for this of all things.
Scammers suck so bad at life , they can’t even succeed at scamming
I can't believe you fell for this man.  Always contact the service provider yourself to confirm they sent you an email.
First red flag: "Youtube" actually contacting their creators
WAIT WAIT, how do we know this is really Jim?? Sounds to me like this guy has a bit of an Indian accent, LOL. Glad you got your channel back Jimbo, looking forward to the next video.
I'm pretty sure this didn't happen, Jim just simulated the scam and disabled his own YouTube on purpose to really get our attention. Well done Jim!
I can't believe that you didn't stop when they used a God damn Google form
I go else came here from Charlie’s video Penguinz0
i got the exact same email, i replied it with racial slurs lol 🤣
Batman meets Bane.
This is exactly what Atomic Shrimp has always said, and I’ve always agreed: One is not stupid, or naive for falling for a scam. ANYONE can be scammed, the scammers may just need to figure out the right buttons of yours to push in order to do it, and we mustn’t shame the victims of scams. Glad you’re back online, Jim!
We lost Spiffing Brit! Nooo. This is probably the screenshot you saw.
Wow... Using the Google Chat email notification feature is extremely clever.
Seems like Jim Browning has finally met his Joker. Glad he gotten back his channel though.
Even the king can bleed.  Scary stuff.
I hope the Spiffing brit can get his channel back
What does not kill you, just make you stronger.
Went to check your channel a couple days ago and got very scared. Glad to see you back!
"I'm Youtube"
Great to see you got this mess sorted out.  Cheers and welcome back!  Oh, and by the way, when I Googled the IP address that you had gotten off of the guy, proxydocker.com identifies it as, indeed, a Syrian I.P.
Jim's the guy!
Sobering video Mr. Browning! Thank you for detailing what happened! Very instructional and hopefully humbles all of us who think that could never happen to ourselves.
They're EVOLVING! We must act!
Make backup account for us to follow
Welcome back Jim. Much love from Kenya 🇰🇪.
THE KING IS BACK 🤴
glad you are back bro
267 scammer dislikes lol
I knew something was wrong but I couldn't figure it out
Welcome back Jim
The scammer was searching for fish and ended up getting eaten by a SHARK 😃
Welcome back man.
welcome back laddy, good to see no scammer with stop ye
Funny how he brags that he has 2.5$m and asks for 100$
You said you had 170 videos? Damn does that mean those others are really gone forever?
this scammer really wants to up his skills. a real selfstarter
A hero rescues others from distress. A legend does the same but also shows others the way when they fail. Jim you are the best of us. I’m glad you got you’re channel back. You deserve the platform more than most.
is a millionaire but has Samsung A50, something here doesn't add up lol
This is not the Jim Browning that I was looking for... Are you stealing his identity?? I love real Jim's videos of his grandson ....      LOL I'm glad that your channel is back and this s$%t received well.
The guy who scammed you is now reffered to as the Syrian King in the scamming community.
First thing I thought of when I saw this video was how AtomicShrimp insists, repeatedly, that people aren’t scammed just because they’re stupid. This is about as clear of evidence as you can get that there’s so much more that goes into it.
I got an e-mail like that once. Thought it was pretty funny, since I don't monetize any of my videos (I'm not regularly active, so I don't think they'd let me anyway). Similar to when I get phone calls about my credit card that I've never had.
Thank god your channel is back
I don’t really like saying that ‘he got scammed’. Yes, he fell for the first part of it, but it was harmless information passed onto him, but the main portion of the scam was the section that he didn’t fall for. Saying that he ‘got scammed’ insinuates that he fell for it all, yet the scammer didn’t get anything from Jim, nothing at all.
Damn they got you good bruh 😭🤣. Sorry to laugh but damn, that's crazy
dang whatt
The guy that said that email is probably known as a scammer God now. I mean imagine being a scammer and scamming Jim Browning. No shade towards you Jim I just think that if I were in his position I would be freaking out lolol
"I'm YouTube"
This video enlightened me that even the best of the best can be susceptible to scam and fakery. No, they are not becoming weak, but are just merely human, we forget, we care, we get stressed. Even so, I still can't believe why people would ruin people just to get an advantage. Its sickening, tiring, and its making everything feel smaller everytime.
Can't fall for phising calls/emails if you never answer your phone or read your emails.
This is freaking terrifying
3.32 million subs. My dude can retire comfortably
Anything like this that ever happens to me I'd take as far as I can on the phone with the actual company first, Id be wayyyy too paranoid but I'm glad you're back, on your toes I imagine! :)
Damn. They sure picked the wrong guy to try and scam. Get em Jim!
Seriously though, I know hyphen is the correct term but who would call this "-" symbol as hyphen instead of dash?  Is it a British thing?
When the person exposing scammers get scammed. How ironic
Don't beat yourself up. You know that scammers count on us being distracted while we are multitasking away. They count on that, but I know you know this as well as I do. They count on us not fully paying attention. I hate to use this example, but it's like finding out that your friendly and handsome next door neighbor is a serial killer. The first thing that people would say is, "Why, he didn't look like a serial killer!!" You were able to get back on quickly and hard lesson learned. Very happy to see you back!!!!
This is now a popular phishing scam, couple of big youtubers have been tricked into this as well, glad to see you're back man, stay safe.
Nice to see you back Jim. I'll never understand how you were able to keep your cool and interview the scammer who caused you so much trouble. Absolutely genius thinking on your end to record everything.
That UNO reverse card... damn!
Damnit - if it can happen to someone as smart and technologically savvy as yourself, I'd say us normal people are genuinely screwed.
Jim is the only youtuber to upload a video with this title and actually have something meaningful to share.  edit: lmao when the youtube instructions were the same sequence of weird bullshit the scammer sent. It's Turks all the way down man!
The conclusion coming soon  hahahhahahaha   Welcome back Jim
Oh my gosh in shock I just saw that you’re back wow I didn’t know what I was gonna do thank you for being back
This exact thing has been happening to some of my favourite youtubers. Hope the scum doing this fall down a flight or two
Imagine usign hyphen to talk to people🤡🤡
Im still really confused as to how this scam works. I understand the part where they want to log into your account to take revenue but didn't you delete your account? And if YouTube restored your account by making you move to a brand account how did the scammer make you lost your account instead if just moving it?
evil guy who did that
I require TheSpiffingBritt's return to YouTube!
i'm waiting for jim to find his IP addres and his CCTV footage
Anyone else wondering if this guy shows up in the comments :o
"Ladies and Gentlemen we got him"  😂 😂
Amazing, these scammers want you so badly that they tried this and succeeded, well at least long term the damage was resolvable but still amazing, they specifically went after the man himself, it really shows how aware of him they are and that the work Jim Browning is doing is getting to them
This is 100% not your fault. I've been down this rabbit hole before as I migrated channels to a brand account for legitimate reasons in the past, and the wording is clear as mud. Google needs to fix this horrible wording, and make the process more obvious.
This is like when Lewis Hamilton crashes. It never happens
They were speaking perfect English?  They're bringing in the top brass just to take you down.
Yeah you got scammed hahaha the irony
Jeez, that email isn't all that convincing
Fantastic you are back online...it goes to show how easy it is to scam even the most aware people of scams
Had to resubscribe. I also watch Spiffing Brit and he's gone from YouTube. Guessing he got scammed as well...
That screen shot is definitely copied, scammers are incapable of taking screenshots, they always seem to take a photo of the screen instead 😂
Hey jim how can we get reach you?
thank god your back
Pajeets finally got you
You got had, that is unfortunate... Luckily you were able to recover, keep up the good fight...
Jim Browning's next video: I FOUND THE GUY THAT SCAMMED ME (I TOLD HIM MOM!!!)
Who cares if u got scammed it doesn't make u dumb. I think u being scammed was really good in a weirded way because since u fell for it u can explain it better and help us probably better than if u posted this before u fell for it so don't feel bad and please keep doing what u do ur a really good and entertaining person and thx for trying to help keep the internet safe
Im not sure on the timeline of all this, but that screenshot of the YouTube revenue might just be TheSpiffingBrit, another YouTube channel who had this exact same thing happen at a similar time
Cmon man, at least subscribe the other jim browning lol...
Lol they got you back ! Not so pro after all...
Fam It’s good that you still managed to save your acc at the end of the day
The probably stole those 12 channels
This guy and his whole family will be on the streets by the end of week
Damn. If YOU can get taken, ANYONE can. I’m scared. But I’m glad you’re back. 🙏🏼
lol
Jim can you hack to a scam centers camera and tell them what they are wearing
This only reinforces one of the oldest protections against email scams. Don't click on links in email. EVER.
I've seen videos of other youtubers talking about this Psychedsubstance now called Psyched And I think penguinz0 Ur not the only one
I actually thought his channel got deleted because YouTube didn’t like how he exposed peoples info
Good to see you back Jim!
You are awesome Jim Browning the best of the best ❤️❤️
oh lord if this could happen to you then what about laymen like us 😭
scammer was almost there. he just have to be a little convincing to take you down. social engineering :D
Pshycedsubsatance had the same scam just recently
Honestly, this video just continues to prove your point that being scammed ≠ a lack of intelligence. Glad to have ya back!
The fact he was so invested to know how finally someone found out he was a scam tells me he has  allways succeeded
heyyy Jim is back, good to see you back man
I wonder if this is what happened to GMMTV channel. a youtube channel with over 11 million subscriptions and millions of views almost every day. It recently got hacked and all the videos have been deleted/privated
So the best thing to do is still, to stop, wait, think and act.  It seems like that is the takeaway from all the scams i have seen on YouTube.  Stop, wait, think, confer with a secondary source and then act.  Even though when you're livelyhood is on the line you're not always able to take a step back. And that are the circumstances you and I will get scammed in. When we're in a hurry. When we fear for our livelyhood/live. When loved ones are at risk. Etc. Emotional distress is a powerful tool leveraged by scammers.
Thief steals his money This guy: *WOW THATS IMPRESSIVE!*
It's hilarious to see that random person get newfound attention. At least one person benefitted from all this!
Gotta give this scammer a credit for having steel balls scamming the great Jim browning
Glad you are back 😌
Somebody outsmarted the smart guy...
Welcome back
This guy lost his credibility, unsubscribing
Dw mate will always have your back- fellow Northern Irishner
Well I'm terrified.  If Jim fell for this what chance do I have 🤯
Lack of english means bobvagene
I was looking for Jim Browning and I found this account instead😂
Wow.. amazing story... Crazy.!!!! The human brain is the weakness no matter how smart you are!!
A $100 ransom??? Insert Dr Evil with pinky to side of mouth "one million dollars"!!!
Welcome back Jimmy !!! looking forward to Revenge of the Browning
so so happy to have you back jim!
Love you so much. So glad your back man
Hey Jim, you typo'd in your bio. Cut out* the middle man.
Everyone come after him lol
Much respect to you and what you do for those of us who are not as tech savy...
This happened to the channel PsychedSubstance, his channel is now just Psyched now. he made a video on it too
Holy Shit Jim ... I honestly cannot believe you got snackered with a scam.  I am realllly glad you were able to get your account back....thank you for all you do.
You did an excellent job of keeping calm and tricked them into thinking you were actually interested so you can use their words to stab them in the back! Well done.
Alright, if Jim Browning can get hacked we’re all fucked.
Do you record everytime you are on the PC? Im confused?
if you were to get an email like this claiming to be from Google, wouldn't it make more sense to contact Google yourself rather than clicking links in the email? that's what i would have done
The legend returns!
yep that's why i don't trust any emails, I logg into my accounts outside the email link and check my activity and security.
Believe me he is from Turkey. There is no Syrians in Muğla and there's lots of people that likes to pretend as Syrians.
Great ending lol, loved the ominous music
I was watching the sniffing brit yesterday  wtf happened
pretty sure he also got targeted specifically because of what he does.  seeing that spoof of the google.com domain is pretty rough, and its great that he called that vulnerability out.   but the fact remains, the way that jim got taken out like this is vastly different than how most scams work. I firmly believe that someone targeted him specifically,  and put resources behind it, he did not just get hit by a random scam. edit: i have been scammed by one of these similar circumstances, where i was between hardware and i ended up sending a package to a scam address
Thank god your account got banned 😂😂😂😂😂
duuude.....why would you not contact someone if anybody says u need to do this
3rd world scumbags... Really glad to have you back with us Jim
.
Seems like this is *FINAL SCAM BOSS* material
The question is: How did he knew your youtube associated email address?
I do gotta say that this is hilarious
The screenshot could be from one of Jacksucksatlife's videos. He does a lot of stuff based on youtube analytics and shows pages like that often on his channel
Kudos for owning your mistake and being very transparent about what happened. I wish this attitude were more common.
Thats insane, happy you got the account back, and hopefully you can continue the amazing work you do 💪🏼
I cant trust this man anymore
Yay you are back!  Was excited to see your channel in my feed!
I think that the scammer was probably trying to get you out so less people are aware of scams and etc.
welcome back! 🤗❤
SOOO fucking awesome to see you back!
We love you Jim now get this Rat that did this, I’m so glad your back ❤️❤️❤️
Irony at its finest.
They pwnd u dude
The screenshot he showed you with the 12Million views in the past 28 days could be The Spiffing Brit
Welcome back Jim
U save people ..wtf is happening
Grabify thing is like rick rolling someone 😂
dude that blows.
Good job jim
Scammers found a way to strike back at you after years of humiliating them. World War 3 is about to happen.
Seems like this happened to the spiffing brit too
Couldn't have explained this in 5-10 mins
So happy to see your channel restored Jim!  Thanks for showing in such detail what exactly happened, and how it is true that anyone can be scammed!
All’s well that ends well !! 🙏🏻. 🇮🇳
Bruh, I'm YouTube
*whew*...
Hey Jim, Git.          Gud.                     Jk lmfao cheers dude
This just proves that people who fall for scams aren't "stupid". Anyone can fall for a scam, even very intelligent people who base youtube channels around scams and scambaiting
I believe that the redirect to your channel will come back.  My sons hockey youtube channel was turned off by google because of "TOC Violations"  After complaining by email they verified that there were no violations and they brought it back up.  It took a few hours and then his channel was responding correctly.
This must have been hard to make/upload. Respect. Glad you got your channel back!
Welcome back!!!!
Yeah I did have to resub and I had no idea this had happened its only thansk to Charlie Aka moist crt1tical that I found out about this.
Thank god for once its not my country men causing trouble for jim.
I own my own YouTube channel and this is great to know so I don't get scammed
Holy sheete!
Good lord, that's pretty sophisticated social engineering.  They almost had you...
Awesome comeback. i will get notified if i have u in important list so no problem on searching.. 🙌
Wowwwwww that scammer is ballsy to outwiT Jim browning.
Jim you are the good guy and the good guy shall win again and again. Keep winning, good sir
so now that you have ur account back and know of these guys, is there a way to target this guy in particular and shut them down in a way?
Hey you made money off this scammer with the video. Gave you another topic to speak about it. Liven things up a little.  Just like the car guys fixing up a car thats blows up. Another video on the repairs.
Cant believe someone would go out of their way to delete accounts that people really care about all for a laugh or something
They are evolving.. we are becoming the old people now...... JIM SAVE US
The man who scammed you will become an urban legend amongst scammers everywhere
That YouTube transfer page is terrible. Reading through those popups I still was unclear what clicking the button was going to do, even knowing this was being used for a scam. If you can't communicate clearly the exact consequences of clicking a button which has the potential to do such serious damage, you need to start again from scratch on that design.
Any reason why you had 2 factor disabled ?
this scam cant affect me since i dont even check my emails and i dont even have enough people watching my yt channel to get money from my videos...(tho i wish i could)  jim browning... man... glad to see you back ! Love your videos and efforts to show light on scams like this ! great work!
Just subscribed. Came over from “prime time treasure hunter”
Well 2.5m Turkish lira a.k.a turkeys currency converts to $295718 so not as much but still alot
Sure you fell for it at first but it’s still amazing how you can still turn the tables on the scammer lol
Good to have you back Jim.  You are my hero and I love that you were so honest with us about your own vulnerability.
Same thing happened to The Spiffing Brit :( Hopefully he's able to get his back soon as well
One thing I think you should change from this is you should not have your "business inquires" email be the same as your main email account. I understand it's easier for you to reply to people this way because it gets to your inbox faster, but this mixes spam/phishing emails with emails from genuine sources.
3 mill subscribers I thought you'd have a rep at youtube?
This email is basically the exact same as some ordinary gamers’ situation he was in. Interesting how this happened at the same time
The smartest men in Britain got tricked by this oof
glad your back. This was a slick move from them
Can you please explain the scam more. What would they do with your password and your new empty channel? They would get no revenue from it.
I do not understand how youtube said that can not retrieve the channel, then a few days later, the channel was back??? Google needs to step up its support!
Linus just covered this incident (supportively obviously) on the WAM show.
I'm so happy that ur back. I didn't have to resub. Ur channel shows I am already subscribed.
It's amazing that you made this video, it will help so many other people avoid this scam. Not that it matters, but your understanding of the email itself wasn't quite on the money. The email is genuinely sent from Google, it's just a notification email that lets you know someone has sent you a message on the Google Chat app. It's like getting an email from Facebook that lets you know you have an unread message in Facebook Messenger. Completely legit email, the scammer hasn't "hacked" into Google Chat and gained access to the "from address". There's been similar scams in the past that made use of Google Docs notification emails, but the scammers cannot send literally anything from a genuine google.com email address, they are just triggering legitimate notification emails in a sneaky way.
Well if Browning can be scammed into deleting his entire channel then we're all fucked lol. GG
I understand why the scammer was confused by "2SA"... Who calls it that? 🤔 It's called MFA - Multi Factor Authentication.. At a stretch 2FA, but not 2SA lol.
That's crazy! Glad everything worked out for you man. <3
Ironic
Welcome Back !
the exception is okay. i subscribed to you. not to him.
I would never make this mistake. I'm too smart.
This can certainly teach a lot, remember; check twice, cut once.
welcome back
This is a very scary scam, anyone would fall from it instantly,  thanks for uploading this helpful content
That guy was literally a hitman. A hitman hired by the scammers.
i had to re sub :(
You can't hustle a hustler
Glad that you get your channel content is back.
ScammedGetScammered?
So a valuable moral to this story is, 'ALWAYS assume any communication on the web is a scam..' starting from this POV should be a default attitude.
What if they use same domain but different and similar front
Welcome back Jim
Welp, I've done cyber sec as part of my degree and got hooked by a phishing attempt because of timing. Something was wrong with my card address and I couldn't link Amazon Prime with Twitch Prime, and I had emailed Amazon about it. 2 days later I got a phishing email from "Amazon" asking for my card details and I didn't check twice since obviously I had just asked them for some help with the card details(something was not working directly from the site). Sometimes you can just get caught by sheer bad luck and shitty timing. Also something I was never expecting to happen to me, I don't even click on http links and generally am very aware of risks, but it can absolutely happen to literally anyone
Just yesterday I was helping my mother do some internet/tv stuff. I ended up with a prompt on a website to call Amazon to complete my task. Only it wasn't Amazon... it was a number to a scam call center who was pretending to be Amazon. Luckily, because I watch your videos and other scambaiters, I was able to recognize a suspicious "sales" pitch and disconnect the call. I felt kind of stupid for the rest of the evening because I found that the reason I got to that scam website and scam phone number was because I clicked on an ad link instead of the Amazon link. The ONLY reason I didn't fall for it was because I follow Jim Browning and a few other scambaiters.   So thank you for everything. And thank you for posting this video. If Jim Browning can make a mistake, I don't feel so stupid for almost falling for scam. Keep up the good work.
This happened to another YouTube I watch! (Psyched Substance)
I thought of a borderline foolproof plan- ask them as soon as you meet them if you will need to enter your password at any point, or if you need to download and run something. If they say yes then ask them if they can verify you.
Really good to see you are back,, it is priceless for me all the knowledge you amusingly share through this channel!
The Return of the King.
Just tonight, someone mentioned that two of their favorite channels have disappeared just in the last 2 days.  So you're not the only one.  You're just the only one to spot it and stop it.
The scammers have discovered grammerly
This teaches us to pay more attention to emails. And there links.  As I do have fun with hackers myself. And gain access to there computers. As they pled me to stop deleting files. Even going as far to asking how much money it would take for me to stop. At this point I've download a virus on there computer.   And it goes to work deleting every file they have. And reporting them to the proper channels.
Did he have verification before?
Don't ever click links in emails, no matter what! Even ones you're 100% sure are legit. Even ones that technically ARE legit like this case. If a website tells you there's an issue and gives you a support link, DO NOT CLICK THE LINK. Go to support yourself and verify whatever the email may be claiming.
Welcome back. Sorry the URL is still screwed up. Hopefully that will be resolved presently. And I'll bet you will now be the most difficult to scam creator on the planet.
I hate scammers so much
If this happens to anyone else or me ima troll them so hard
The ultimate Uno reverse play
Just so you know, sorting your videos by most popular shows no videos.
Glad your back Jim!
Can you imagine the look on this guy when he sees "Tech Support Scams" "Jim Browning"?
Oh wow, that was a gripping tale of counterhacking. I guess that despite all the security tech, social engineering and human gullibility remains the weakest link. That's not an insult to Jim - he's still my hero! But it was  like watching Superman take a hit with Kryptonite!
woah
JIM. The page he showed you was probably done with ‘inspect element’. It is so easy to do it like that - really anyone can do inspect element.
Yall need to go check out the other Jim Browning account. He sings, has great sense of humor, and he's so sweet! So glad I looked him up.
Dude, come on. The email said they would suspend your youtube account, was it suspended? Nope. Do you even use your account? Do you even browse youtube now and then? You are an idiot.
I mean you barely upload anyways 😂
Good to have you back Jim! <3
Amazing that Jim didn’t lose his composure too much in that chat when he realized
Oh God, after doing all of this and then getting a Google form must have been a heart drop. Thank you for being transparent.
I literally feel the highly sophisticated hacker was hired to do the maximum damage. When it dint work, he wanted to play the innocent scammer looking for just 100 bucks. Do you really think such a capable hacker was looking for 100-200 bucks.. I call it BS!
Before Watching: "I'm still so confused about what the fuck happened."  After: "....Oh my god."
this scam just took down another channel
ye
Great to have you back! I didn't need to re subscribe. Keep up the great and important work!
Glad you're back. Of course YouTube would delete your account if you have created another channel. Same as mine.
I wonder if this scammer knows who he just scammed and did he just win the king of scammers award as he is carried around on the shoulders of other scammers while confetti rains down.
Jim you gotta get them back
This would never happen me. here are the reasons why: 1. I'm don't have a large youtube account nor do I intend on growing one 2. If I had one, I'd just accept the termination of my accounts due to laziness:p 3. Teacher always told me tricolon's important so here is one, baby
Hmm... This isn't so much falling for a scam, its falling for Google's very bad UX and descriptions.
I was just watching your video, I got off my phone and came back a few minutes later just to find out your channel was deleted. I first thought I was a bug but it wasn't.
You are a good person, doing good works.  When that happens, evil will come after you.
Wow I'm glad u have your channel back
OMG! That was so devious! So glad you didn't give him your passwords. Welcome Back Jim! Great to have you back!
Dude...if YOU got duped...we're ALL doomed...
Well be very very careful everyone, if the main man Jim can be tricked (only takes a second), then double, triple check. Google the process (ironic!).
Glad that you're back! Could kinda tell it was scammish with his grammar and punctuation. Missing commas, no periods at the end of sentences. I feel like youtube/google wouldn't miss something like that. Stuff like this scares me ! thank you for the video
I’m so glad Jim got his channel back but youtube are unhelpful aholes who wouldnt have gotten someones smaller channel back.
I am sorry but it makes me feel so much better for when it happened to me.
Welcome back! Great breakdown of how a scammer can really get to anyone with the right timing. Thank you for sharing!
I learned about this incident after watching Mutahar's video. Glad to hear you got it back.
i already knew how a complex social engineering scam got you to delete your channel
This is like the 21st century version of Spy vs Spy...
O wow That's  Idek what that is....cool....weird....awesome
Well, this is story all about how...
Number 1 to look out for: If you are being rushed to do something serious, then you have to literally check and double check everything. Breathe for a moment, and try to not get pressured by what someone has sent to you. "Scammers like to involve a sense of fear or urgency as a tactic to bully you into action, so you don’t have time to ask for help or think things through." While everything may seem legit at a first glance, it won't be a waste to take a second glance at it. But as Jim Browning has said, anyone can get scammed. Stay safe everyone out there.
Wow! Thanks for this. I'm glad all is well. Take care. Cheers!
Thank god you're back, I was so worried. Glad you got your channel back
1:24 Interesting. It's very deceiving. I was like "why would youtube support communicate with someone via google chat and not literal email?" but it was because your video title had me warned. Otherwise I might have not noticed.  Also it may be the case that countrary to my intuition youtube support does communicate with people via google chat, in wuch case... well, weird.
I am so glad you are back Jim, proof it can happen to anyone
This happened to someone named stanley animations as well Someone ran a bitcoin scam on that channel He got his channel back tho
Holy Cow! If they can scam you, they can scam anybody. I was almost taken by a scammer on Facebook Messenger. They managed to hack a friend's facebook account and used it to steer me into a Publisher's Clearinghouse scam. They managed to get some persanal information out of me before they made the mistake of sticking their hand out for a "Processing Fee". That was when I woke up and shut them down. Right after that, I went through and changed all my passwords and activated two-factor authentication wherever it is possible. I also removed credit card information from all my on-line accounts. It makes for more of a hassle when shopping on-line, but there haven't been any fraudulent charges. I also checked my credit history and made sure that nobody is applying for credit in my name. Identity theft is a terrible thing. Like Atomic Shrimp says, "you know, the kind of information you should never give to a stranger on the Internet."
Buddy this videos great but im just happy that youre okay and that the channel is safe Jim. Much love to you, you do genuinely good work
What do you even get from tricking people into deleting their channel? Are they trying to make a pathway for another youtuber to rain king?!?
ironic
Here from Critikals video. Glad youre okay.
The guy that scammed you definitely got raise for taking down the batman
Your fist mistake was believing youtube would look out for  you, and warn you ahead of time of a problem
I genuinely don’t understand why people dislike these videos 😂 unless they’re scammers themselves
Getting any kind of youtube support should have been a huge red flag.
Wow. At least the scammer got some bragging rights although he probably doesnt even know it lol
no way bro
The guys behind the scam must be partying right now for being able to scam multiple youtubers including jim browning.
I didnt notice until you posted this video.
Naice
I heard this from muta
Circumstances and timing of a scam can make a HUGE difference, I recently got a spam call from my "local" power company claiming that my power will be cut in 30 minutes unless I talk to support. Well the timing was so good because I pay my bill and my wife is notorious at forgetting to pay it sometimes. I was almost convinced, however then I realized my wife was the only one that had a phone on the account.
He might be from syria actually,so because there is a lot of war in syria people from there are usually very poor and have a very bad life so they mosrly immigrate to turkey to find jobs and make money,but sometimes some people just choose this path which is problably worse than just working at a construction site (which also a lot of syria immigrants get as a job) its just sad seeing what war can do to a human being.
*DESTROY* them Jim!!!
omg jims ok 🥺
Shit, I have been living under a rock because I had no idea this happened!! Really glad to have you back sir!!!
Re-subbed.  Damn, this is a huge lesson to everyone.  If they can get Jim Browning then nobody is safe.
Comment for the algorithm. Go go Jim...
Watching this feels like watching a failed assassination attempt. Good job, Jim.
when asked "do you hate any other youtubers" HE SKIPS HOW HE ANSWERED LMFAO
That’s wild good to hear u got ur account back
13:00 IVE SEEN one of these channels years ago, I remember being so confused. It was a creator I forgot who, who I used to subscribe to. One day their channel just became a mess of tons of different videos with some garbage branding, obvious shadiness oozing out of it. Now I know what that was, wow.
It takes honest bravery to say that you got tricked even though you do this all the time and potentially face a lot of criticism, but this is so helpful to stop this kind of thing in the future.
The Return of the King.
Just goes to show anyone can be fooled. Also, the scammers are getting better at their craft. Everyone must be vigilant.
you're getting old clegane
Bruh I'd be dead irl if the YouTube trying to help him get back his deleted channel was another scam xD
Scambaiter has been scammed. Scammers are getting sophisticated in their scams
Phew, I thought you were gone there!
Not gonna say where but you kinda leaked your email, not sure if it’s something you missed but yeah
hey! heard about your channel from the music artist jim browning! you may not be as talented or handsome, but you got my sub!
glad to see you back!
the whole video i was waiting for him to say "just kidding this was all on a vm i never actually deleted the channel"
Damn looks like spiffing britt got done by the same scam
a few more sadly where hit with this.
**Jim gets scammed** “This can’t be, -Gordon freeman- Jim browning is…dead?” -half life 2 citizen, 2004
“Just when they thought I was out, I pulled myself back in.” - Jim Browning probably
Glad youre back
man this scammer did not know who he was dealing with, i think he still in shock after the level ups
nice you're back!!! <3
I listen to your videos Jim to avoid being a victim, I also share that knowledge to people who aren't geek enough to listen to people like you. I learned a lot from you including this event which shows us that we all can be tricked even when we are vigilant and knowledgeable about social engineering...  That was a wow event, although I'm glad you got back your account, I wished it very hard for you. I'm not sure the scammer that got you realized what he did though
Maybe he owes a ton of money to a mafia gang or something
Yep, one time I wanted to get high a real bad and the guy sold me something other than what I wanted but I was not paying attention and I got scammed. lol
The spifing brit
This also happened to PsychedSubstance
Can't believe YouTube actually fixed something
How would even get the AdSense wouldn't he have to change the bank details on the AdSense account to his which would easily get him caught and if a YouTuber gets their account back within a few days than how much could he possibly make even if figured a way to get it into his account without getting caught or flags raised  How easy is it to even change the AdSense payment address?  Do Adsense even pay weekly I thought it was monthly and by that time I assume YouTube would have took the account back And if he managed to steal 12 accounts why have no one else talked about it till now since like yourself and SpliffingBrit they would say something on their other platforms and contact support   I think the real scam maybe blackmail as this guy is probably smart enough to know he can't such steal a YouTube account and send the AdSense to his Personal Bank account
Big respect to you Jim for being open about what happened.
Lucky 😋 I didn't have to resub.
"The circumstances just have to be right." Which is the biggest takeaway for me. I almost got scammed for a car because I desperately needed one, I was saved only because the second part was pretty obvious like in this case.
Glad you got it back.  Scary the depth some of these scammers are going to though to achieve results.  Look forward to your next video.
dam scammers are improving XD HAHAHAHA
that screenshot is from this video homie
Jim I am sorry this happened to you. You are really a digital night in shining armour
Hopefully this taughted you some humility.
14:09 as someone who almost got their ip snatched by a grabify link, i chuckled when i heard you say that.
There's a channel called PkmnMasterHolly that had there ad revenue hijacked over a year ago and apparently dealing with youtube support to get back revenue is like getting blood from a stone. Glad to see you didn't go down the for an extended amount of time.
ThankYou 🌟❤ Wow, even tech channels are getting the ax! So sorry for your troubles. 🙏🤕🔨
5:28 3,300,000      So satifying
The fact that you got scammed is very worrying
I like how even though you got scammed and your channel could've disappeared forever, you still didn't lose sight of your goal of tracking down and defeating scanmers.
.
THE KING IS BACK
Everyone gangsta until Jim Browning gets scammed
When I become a millionaire I'm going to beg people for $100 too
It’s payback time
Respect you even more now. To show you can get scammed takes courage knowing there are people out there who could hold it against you. We all make mistakes, easily and you even realised before it was too too late.
i am glad you are back
Love to see you got your channel back
He's back!!!!
Fishbot was here
very ironic situation
On the bright side this will make you alert even further Jim.
Not addressing you by your name on record is typically a tell-tale sign of a scam to me. The only time I nearly fell for a scam was when one email attempted to blackmail me saying they had files on me, then spoofed my own email to try and prove it. I quickly learned they could spoof my email address though. I'm not saying this to sound superior to anyone, everyone should just be aware of the signs, not addressing you correctly by name and usually just using a greeting or your email address "Hi example@outlook.com" it's usually a scam.
Welcome back!
Guys dont worry i'm YouTube
Why am I watching a 21 minute video with a trashy thumbnail first thing in the morning
2FA, all the way   At least until that gets broken...
now can you hunt them down?
Ngl, that was actually genius af
Interesting, if I try to sort your videos by "most popular", it says your channel has no videos. Hope that gets resolved too!
I’m so happy that you’re back!
Literally got caught in clicking a phishing link in a super suspicious email. Nice.  Honestly should've caught on at the "certainly" in the chat. Every other message in the chat (at least that we see) was copy-pasted longer sentences that started with capital letters. That one was a weird single-word reply that was not capitalized and doesn't even seem like a sensible response to the previous message.
Wow, there are a lot of verified channels commenting! It's good to see that all of the big channels are supporting each other. Anyways, good to have you back Jim.
So glad you're back and that this is behind you.
Dang. This is kind of legendary. It fooled some very smart people including you and the Spiffing Brit. Amazing.
Glad you are back on. I  was heartbroken this happened to you.
YES YOU'RE BACK!
Bro, these scammers don't even try to hide their IP. You think they'd be using Opera VPN + maybe Hola, but nope. They just leave it open. They're actually stupid.
can't be scammed if you have nothing for people to get lol
I didn't have to resubscribe
If this guy got tricked, anyone can.
It sucks that this happened, especially since now that your channel is back, it seems to have lost a large portion of videos, going from 170 to less than 90. I hope you recover the rest somehow!
This is just your character development arch of your anime jim. Youll become stronger than any other anime protagonist ever because of this my guy!
The discord link is expired and I really want to join your server! I've loved watching your videos for awhile now and would love to have the chance to be a part of the community
i was watching one of your videos the second it got deleted happy to see you back
Good thing I don’t read emails unless I’m expecting one
i was shocked when his ip adress was revealed to be near my birthplace and honestly with the amount of people getting scammed in turkey im not suprised that this guy indeed lives in turkey
Glad to see you're back! That is scary that you almost lost your channel. Also it showed me as subscribed and I got the notification you had a video.
I'm sure that scammer is watching this video and feeling horrible
Happy to see you got your channel back. This really goes to show anyone at any time can be effected by a scam.
Oh no, Jim!
Two types of people in this world. Those who have fallen to a scam, and those who are waiting to be. Scam affect anybody. From the geek to the one that can't turn on a PC.   Kudos to Jim for turning his moment of inattention into a real tool to warn that no one is safe.
This is why I never contact anyone through links or phone number that has been sent to me. Even when Paypal contacted me a few months ago, I refused to deal with them, until I got home and then contacted them directly through their website. Call me super paranoid, but I would rather be safe than sorry. Glad you got your channel back.
you shouldnt have helped him he may take this and make it even more convincing next time, but im glad you are back hopefully you can get all of your videos back in the near future
I'm so happy you are back
All stories have a good ending!
Slow down, Jim, you're movin" too fast!
Did he not see his LITERAL PROFILE PICTURE?
https://youtube.com/channel/UCjemQfjaXAzA-95RKoy9n_g this one got removed today during a live stream....not sure if it's the same thing
Hello— did I say it wrong?    I’m joking, but I’m glad to see you back
So glad you got your channel back @Jim Browning. and all your videos! I can't imagine the shock you must have felt to see all your videos gone. So much hard work deleted so quickly, but things worked out good in the end. You must have felt so relieved to see your channel and videos restored. 🙂👍
Give us part 2
I see a similar thing has happened to The Spiffing Brit, his channel is down due to a scam
@Jim the screen shot looks very similar to one of Mat Patt's videos over on Game Theory. I don't remember the name of the video, but if you contact him, I'm sure he'd be berry helpful
It's good to have you back. Glad you were able to recover.
as someone who very recently started creating youtube content, this is very eye-opening. i guess i'll have to take even longer to check over emails now.
@Jim Browning what was your college major?
I saw on another scam stop hero's page that this happened. Sorry that happened, but glad you got it sorted and back! Shows that anyone can fall victim!! Thank you for all you do!!
Thank you so much for posting this. Great video.
I nearly gave away my bank details to a scammer and was only saved by misremembering my password and incidentally locking my account by them entering the wrong password, I wasn't aware you could spoof phone numbers, please if your suspicious like I was trust your gut !
Spiffing Brit Channel got deleted aswell…
A multi millionaire who uses a Samsung A50  *Press X to doubt*
I'm really glad you were able to restore what you've built for years!
No wonder I never heard from you in a while. When I saw a video from SomeOrdinaryGamers about this stuff, I searched your channel on Youtube and found nothing. Glad all worked out in the end. Hope to see more uploads soon.
Great
I guess you have to wait until next month to edit your url.
I could have told you this was fake mate, google adsense will not let you create a second account AT ALL. I'm stuck making no money on youtube for many years now because I have an old adsense account linked to my old channel which was hacked and I can't get access to it which means I can't log into my adsense account to fix it and google refuse to help me fix it also. Sorry this happened to you.
My theory is the scammer worked for YouTube before so he knew what to do
I think the guy who does drugs in videos got scammed with this. His numbers seem very similar to what was shown and it happened just recently. He claimed hackers but the story seemed odd. This sounds much more likely. Now I wonder if he lied because he was embarrassed he got tricked in to doing it himself.
I live on the internet and been awfully close to falling to scams but never truly fell for them. Things can be kinda scary out here.
Maybe you should make a business only email. This way if you get any type of support message to the business only email, that would be an instant red flag even if it looked legit because the business only email would in no way be linked with YT/Google so there would be no reason to be getting any type of support message sent to that email. They get the emails from channels about section btw. (I'm sure you know that)
So glad you are back Jim.
came here from Cr1tikal/Penguinz0/Charlie/moist/throbbing man/internet Jesus/meth johnwick etc
My subscription link leads to your channel. So all good at this end. You handled it well. Any way for you to shut him down?
JIM YESSSSSSSSS I'M SO HAPPY THE HERO IS BACK
hey jim, sometimes people who live in cyprus and also syria get turkish ip but is just because of how they root their networks there. From his story, the one thing i believe he told you honestly is that he is syrian. Ofc u are alrdy trying to figure it out and catch him? gl!  glad u got the channel back.
He's back baby
Love how the scammer could see the tech support scam pfp
So they got you back…..🤣 part of the game, I guess….. glad you’re back!!!!!
Well... I hope u will pay those scammers a visit. A "friendly" one....
it's actually nice that you are the one targeted. now youtubers will become aware of this scam
dude you have no idea how happy it makes me to see your channel back up, Youtube actually came through and restored it. Fuck yeah!!!!
Ah I see, so they way this would normally work would be if you did the same thing but you were logged into your main channel and "moved" it to the new one. Instead you were logged into the new one and replaced the old one with the contents of the new one, nothing in other words.
The scammed victims are Imbeciles, none of this is impressive and the scammer isn't impressive.
OMG I'm so glad you got your channel back!
I thought Jim was going dark because he was going VERY deep into a very big scam he just uncovered or that scammers had finally gotten ahold of his personal information or something.
The final b0ss battle
It's always really bothered me when people say thing like "How could anyone possibly fall for a scam??". They have such a big ego believing they will never fall for one. This is an excellent lesson for everyone. I consider myself to be fairly savvy when it comes to email attacks and phishing, but If Jim Browning can fall for a scam, than I'm a relatively easy target! Be careful out there and remember to turn on 2FA everyone! Keep up the good work Jim! This is a great cause!
Tech Gods be testing each other.
Do you think that you were targeted because of what you do?
Thank you so much for all this work you do to try and help people and make us aware of whats going on out there. Thank you even more for sharing this situation you found yourself in. Hopefully people that fall victim to this will find this video and not carry the self shame that sometimes comes after getting duped by these scoundrels.
You’ll be glad to know I didn’t have to re-subscribe.
You deserve a lot of respect for being transparent about how it happened. Thank you!
Its like when kira beat L, glad to see you back mate
Damn even for a person that tracks scammers got scammed the first half. Shits getting scary.  Escalation is real.
Jim, are you going to take your revenge by tracking these asses down?
13:08 It could be just a modified html file....maybe?
I seem to still be subscribed :) Thanks for your story. Distraction and coincidence are huge. I would consider myself careful, but fell for a phone tech support scam a few years back when I was having computer issues, and waiting for a call from Dell.
It's an absolutely sad attempt by the scammer.
Too bad YouTube does not have a phone number to call to verify emails like this. What a damn shame. Also glad you caught some of him. Hope they get the rest of him
Glad you returned, let’s destroy some scammers
Hi Jim, glad you got your channel back.
You should send him a virus that burns his computer then just ask mark rober for a glitter bomb but an actual C4 then replace fartspray with just toxic gas
If they can trick Jim Browning, they can trick any of us
Sorry it happened to you, Jim, but you have cheered me up! I recently fell for a debit/credit card scam here in Brazil that cost me about a thousand pounds, because I believed I was talking to the bank's credit card help desk (the scammer kept the line open for when i dialed the 0800 number). I was deeply ashamed and depressed for having fallen for it. Knowing that even you can be scammed makes me feel less stupid. Thanks, and keep up the good work!
my g gonna get DDOSed soon. Sad soul.
Welcome back Jim!!
I got hacked on steam a couble of days ago...
Scammer tries to scam a pro anti-scammer *not the smartest move*
I'm so glad you are back & YT was able to recover everything. I'm definitely glad you caught on. The screenshot I hope someone does see and recognize.
i was scammed last year so this makes me feel a bit better lol
The very basic preventative measure that is 100% guaranteed to make sure nobody gets scammed like this is dead simple.  If you receive an e-mail from Amazon, your bank, Paypal, even youtube you always reply it by opening up a browser window, typing the relevant company, finding their support e-mail and contacting them back through that.  If there is a real issue, you have a 100% chance of resolving it, if its a scam there is 0% chance of being scammed.
Even the greatest minds aren't safe from the bads
I'm very glad to hear you got your account back! The support helped a lot, so it makes me how rough it would have been if it was someone less popular on here.
This is the same scammer that got the channel: "Psychedsubstance" hacked. So i can believe he hacked 12 yt account. But the money part seems unlikely to me since he didnt have full access to your account
Yeah "inattention", just say you we're scared shitless
YOUR BACK JIM!
Looks like the domain got removed, as with the MX record. Looks like dreamhost is still logging any and all traffic that attempts to connect to it though. The google doc is still up, which surprises me. Did you give google a link to it in your support email? That should have been pulled off, and the associated account locked down.   We all know how great google/youtube are at acknowledging or fixing problems. Doesn't surprise me that you had to contact them multiple times and wait days for this. Or that they gave you false information at first. Just very glad it got resolved in the end.
If you sort by "most popular" on his channel, none appear.
Spiffing brit is also gone because of the scam
Ofc the quartering had to make video on this
Huh this just happened to PsychedSubstance recently  :( I think he had a new phone too.
“Are you threatening me, Master Scambaiter?”  “The Youtube will decide your fate.”  “I AM the Youtube!”
I can just imagine the scammer thinking, "I did it, I scammed Jim Browning"
Pro-tip: Fart into your car's heated seats with the windows up.
yea a couple channels have been hit with this, the only other i knoww is the spiffing brit
No. I don’t think that scammer wasn’t bragging. The Spiffing Brit got his channel deleted in this same manner i think, judging by his tweet, and that channel is nearly 3 million.
youtube.com/jimbrowning still goes to the other guy's channel.
I am so happy you have your channel back!! ❤
Welcome back! Cheers from Russia, Saint Petersburg 😁
Welcome back Jim.
I'm glad you were able to get your account back.  This is, in fact, yet more proof that anyone can be scammed.  It's not just little old ladies and people unfamiliar with the internet.
its gonna end up as a L vs Light situation
How could you be taken in by this? First thing to do is log in to google and check your account status. See nothing changed, no messages from google; scam. And after you knew it's a scam you paid the scammer $100, so he goes and scams more people. Idiot!
The scammers scammer got scammed.
The reason he is a Syrian in Turkey is because of the recent civil war in Syria bringing thousands of Syrians to Turkey.  There is no chance he made 16k as you could live a year with that in Turkey.
Welcome back Jim. We all appreciate you a lot.
11:42 funnier than it should be
Didn't need to subscribe again. Looks like the subscriptions have been restored too.  Welcome back ;)
Jim man!! You had us worried for a while.
Wth.. just finished watching this and I get a scam call. 🤨 This is absolute proof our phones are listening to us. 😠
Don’t you love how Jim browning’s response to getting scammed was by posting the scammer’s IP address up onto youtube? It’s pure poetic justice  Great to have you back Jim! Can’t wait for what’s next!
Go to this guys videos, than put it to most popular, it’ll say it has no video D:
If scammers can trick Jim we really are in serious trouble !
Happy to have you back Jim!~
I playstation account got hacked or stolen once ... I was so sad but i got it back now .. so i know how this fel6
🎲
The joke's on them. I don't read YouTube emails,
Scammers 1; Jim 100,000
It's like scooby do when the old man at the end tells them all how he unfolded his diabolical plan lol.
did the document trigger any engines on virus total? or did you not check?
Pretty ironic experience showing that just because we have degrees or experience in IT and computer science, doesn't mean we can still be  scammed.   I've never reached the point of being comprised like yourself but can admit to believing a scammer to a certain point. Strangely they are getting more effective, which makes sense even though in general they suck.
There are a number of terrorist groups working in the SW Turkey/NW Syria area. I wouldn’t be surprised if he was working with one of them to gather funds for their operations.
(Doesn't matter what my comment originally said. It had nothing to do with p rn bots.)  edit2:  WHY  ARE  THERE  SO  MANY  P RN  BOTS  COMMENTING  ON  THIS  COMMENT!?!??  edit3: They are copy pasting other people's comments!  edit4: I have given up trying to report them. Now I'm seeing how many I can catch.  edit5: I have collected 9 bot comments. 4 hours ago, that number was 6.  edit6: one of the channels were deleted, and it was the one with a rare profile pic. Another one replaced it, so now I have 9 again.
im guessing the other guy claimed the /jimbrowning address while yours was gone, and youtube now has a hard choice of who gets to keep it >_<
"Psyched Substance" got hit by this scammer/scam too!
A massive channel called GMMTV got taken down by this scam. They are a massive TV show service thing from Thailand and it sucks.
This seems to be at fault of YouTubes unclear details about the channel moving. Someone probably noticed while they were messing with their account and realized that someone could easily misinterpret what it means.  Has it been anyone else, he most likely would have gotten away with it. But nothing gets past the Jim Browning sniff test.  Is there anyway to get /jimbrowning to redirect to your channel again? Hopefully this won’t lead to less views by still directing to that one guy.
Hahahaha u got scammed
Hol up real quick bouta use my handy python bot to spam the form with a couple thousand responses
This is very sophisticated. I imagine this had worked on other creators.
Google never asks you for your account information 'cause they already have it. Simple.
good to see that you`re back
This is the exact same thing that happened to Psyched Substance's channel. 12:23 - PsychedSubstance has 2.3 million subscribers and lost his account to this exact scam a few weeks ago.
It's nearly impossible to take down jim browning he's the batman of taking down scammers
Bummer!! Glad you are back, you got an interesting youtube out if it. I hope it wasn't too stressful.
Well... You're gonna have to do a lot of work to recover the score from a loss like that!
the support does copy and paste from a script tho
YOU CAN'T TAKE DOWN THE BROWN and if you do its not for long! Glad you got your Channel back man!
Mr. Browning we want to inform you that you have been selected for recieve all the belonginis of mr.Tino as it was written in it's will, just write in the comments your youtube account passward and emel.
Welcome back Jim, hope you had a lovely break.  Its great to have you back.
ya gone and pissed off the wrong person!!
Scambaiter being scam???😁😁😂😂😂🤣
Thanks for sharing your experience, Jim. I am glad to hear that you've got your channel back!
2:11 this whole time i knew there was no way you could have got scammed, and that there was one thing that made it seem like it is true, and the coincidence was exactly that, glad you got your account back
oh i just realiyed whats happened. you didnt move your old account to the newly created one but the other way around. damn thats an intelligent scam. that detail is so easy to overlook
So glad to have you back
Sickening!  The “$2.5 million scammer” cares for the livelihood of others, but can care less, because he wants to steal their money. Hypocritical much?
This is a declaration of war
welcome back!
Google fix your mess
that scammer works/worked for youtoube/goggle
Spiffing brit just fell victim. :(
Man, Mark Rober almost losing his stuff, but not only because he FORGOT his password is hilarious.
Better love story than Twilight.
This is insane.
The anti scam didn’t work
welp, welcome back
Critical anyone?
Hey Jim if you ever need translation in Turkish let me know. Yet again it showed me that the weakest link is the human.  Awesome video.
This is crazy, You the man bro keep up the good work
Oh thank god that you got your channel back! ❤️❤️
Good to see you're back !
Welcome back!
Who else is here from critical?
His true flaw isn't his method, it's his target demographics. Even if his scamming method is perfect, he's fishing for big youtube channels with a lot of exposure. Surely after only like 3 big catches, people would know something's happening.   People say that your greatest strength is also your greatest weakness. In this case, it's true.
jim browning got jim browning’d
YOUTUB
Imagine if Jim really had joined the dark side and used his anti-scamming powers for evil. None of us would be safe.
"i'm a millionaire, can you spare a dollar" lol
Jim: Youtube, I got scammed. Youtube: What kind of videos do you make?  Glad you back bud. Love the content!
Any time I get an email or phone call on something I need to do- I start fresh with the company's phone number/website. I never click a link, use a phone number from the correspondence, or respond directly. Pretty surprised you did this.
Welcome back Superman!!
Did not need to resubscribe. New video popped up in my Subs, and here I am. Welcome back.
psyched substance got tricked by the same and/or similar scam
How disappointed this scammer must be that not only was he unsuccessful to destroy the most informative scam awareness channel in existence but... he provided the perfect situation and evidence to teach people on a higher level of relatable examples! Keep up the good fight Jim!
this shows us, nobody is safe from being scammed...nice to have u back jim❤
Glad you are back
So did the scammer even gain anything if he didn't give any passwords?
jim isnt a hacker he just lives at everyones house so he knows everything about them
This is some Deathnote level tactics
So so sorry for what have happened to you... Love your content and wish you well in your future scam baiting.
You are the very last person I would have thought to fall for something like that. Glad to see you back though! :)
I'd say how the heck can you fall for this stuff  But then again even smart folks can be fooled  Glad you got your channel back dude Be more vigilant next time tho
The scammers are fighting back now...
Yo, Jim's back!
That’s unfortunate but thankfully you got your channel back and was able to spread awareness of this
Ngl, he was pretty cool about it tho.   Granted, a lot of people don't have 2sa actually on. Iirc Pewdiepie did'nt have it till 50,000-100,000 subs.  It's also very possible he is in debt a lot of money. Loan Shark can really get you in the me
Good thing I don't really pay attention much to most google mails.
"I have narrowed his address down to one for 4 houses"
Maybe he has nord vpn on both? How will you know who?
Welcome back, JB! Hopefully next time, when you want to take few days off from YT (and 3.3 mln people), you won't choose such a drastic method. Seriously pulling a Lazarus Bethany number on us... We're like defenceless babies in the fog without you man 🤣😉😅😆.
This is actually wild, I never thought I’d see him browning get scammed. It just proves it can happen to anyone.
I love how he just gave out this guys IP address. But the guy deserves it
Scary how even the experienced people can fall for some of these. However, I think they've only made Jim Browning stronger though the experience.
I'm glad you're back!
This happened to Psyched Substance and he was at 2.23M subs
Jim is the last person you should be scamming.
17:28 Well, _of course_ TheQuartering would jump to try and grift what happened to you.  Goddamn, that guy has no shame.  Glad to you see you are back, Jim.
Good lord, not you too?   That opening message is worded strangely enough to be a red flag from the start. The commas, full stops and capital letters are also inconsistent. I guess when you have income on the line, it provokes fear and clouds rational discernment.   Glad your channel is still around anyway. Even if you do run ads on it :P
Love your work, Jim! A blessing in disguise! Your channel is bigger and better. Good luck to the other Jim Browning too!
Jim browning: this time it's personal
@jim, that’s not the revenue the scammer got. I saw a video on YouTube. I’ll find and linked it
That's the liberals for you. They just love to scam.
Jim Browning getting tricked  means anyone is an easy targer
All the fortnight kids like "scammer gets scammed" don't forget about the annoying voice
This is exactly the type of honest transparency I  have come to appreciate about you Jim. Glad it all worked out for you. Keep up the great work.
Yea sometimes they just get you, I always felt like I could tell when it happens. I got scammed a couple weeks ago for $1500 while job hunting so it really hurt.
Wow, a couple of other Youtubers just got hit (successfully :( ) by this (SpiffingBrit is one).
I think it's great for you to post this.  A clear warning to other content creators, telling them what to look out for.
If Jim is L in death note then the one who outsmarted him must be kira. I Hope you can solve this case and catch the culprit
Dude i thought i was searching up the wrong name 😭
Thank god you got your channel back 🙏 good to have you back
If there was Jim Browning 2 then Jim Browning wouldn’t have been scammed smh
Yoooo this scared me
GET EM BACK I would binge watch it for a million times
NDL
I expected that this scam was just to remove your account, and reduce scam awareness in general. To find that the guy didn't even know what kind of channel you run was mildly amusing. Good to see you're resurrected though.  Edit: It would seem that bringing back your channel, brought back your subscribers.
Now I know how the attackers are tracking dynamic addresses.  Through the use of grabify.  They send me a link and im the idiot that just gave out my IP address.  bastards....  Thank  yo so much.  Now I am keenly aware of how this part is achieved.  Please pls..........  Can we have more content on yoru weapons of choice to help us combat and check on scams that may hit us.  This grabify is nice but also deadly.
Drinking Titos and watching ordinary sausage. How I arrived here I do not know but I’m glad I did.
He actually gave you some great content. So jokes on him!
Good to see you back mate.   I'm not surprised that there is YET ANOTHER Google exploit. For all of their bluster about how Microsoft's security is terrible, Google cant even secure their basic services. There have been so many exploits found in the last few years, that its mind mindbogglingly bad.   I've personally had to manage exploits to websites via Google Adsense & Analytics, because its so damn easy to impersonate someone's domain with it - and Google STILL hasnt stopped people from issuing Record import requests on Analytics and Adsense by people who dont own the domain.
Woah
U ROCK! You're helping others with your transparency I really respect that! nice screenshot link but how do you know he wasn't using a VPN? Just based off the amount of info relayed? Happy to see the channel back in your hands your content cannot be replicated. The other jim should try to give you back your address if possible IMO
Why would he ask for $100.00   He’s clearly not making enough money
Woah...I think the scammers are adapting. Don't know if I should be concerned about this.
this is basically an assasination attempt on your channel
This is wild
i think he got confused by 2SA because it's supposed to be 2FA (2 factor authentication) never heard it be called 2 step lol
Glad you back Jim. He’s probably watching this now, thinking ‘ah shit karmas on the way’
Contrary to popular belief, YouTube never deletes videos or channels. There have been cases where YouTube channels were restored after being deleted for a year. So, if support tells you there is no way to recover a deleted channel, it's not true.
Jim, Need some help or advice, I know of a elderly women who is getting taken advantage of. Her husband died a few years ago so she is fairly lonely without him. Long story short, she received a request from guy on Facebook. She started talking to him and now is using an app to talk to him. Never has she seen him and for the last few months she has been sending him money. He says he is in the military and they don’t allow him to leave the base and the only way for him to leave is for her to send her money. She is now in the process of selling her house and is planning to send him 25k once the home is sold. I tried investigating however, I get no response from them. I’m afraid she will send her money and end up in the streets homeless. Please help
welcome back Jim :)
Maybe the earnings screenshot was just spoofed via dev tools, especially since the person had an interest in the earnings and CPM, so they have an interest in that.
9:57 ''I'm YouTube'' Sure you are
I'm glad that you got it all sorted out, but this is the first time I've ever been disappointed with you.
Damn Jim u hella  good @ these scam Busting techniques even scammers can’t take your anti scamming channel
Turkey is full of Syrian refugees. This guy probably has a lot of time on his hands.
Even the best of the best fall for scams, even if the scammers had luck on their side
umm did he get his subscribers back?
Was wondering why I haven't seen anything from you recently. Glad to have you back though
time to make a big brain jim, find that scammer and shut him down for good
Glad that YouTube sorted it out and your account is restored! So easy to be scammed if circumstances are right...
I am so sorry to know that even you got partially scammed Jim but I am also grateful that you caught onto the scammer. When I saw that your channel was deleted I was completely confused. So glad to know you are back and you didn't lose any of your channel content. As far as I know I am still subscribed to your awesome channel!!
Fascinating!
This could be an amazing silver lining.  So glad you're back :)
Remember guys, batman lost to Bane once and that only made him stronger 💪
i have the same phone as the scammer!
don't know why someone would want someone who exposes scams off the platform.
20:17 had me in stitches
Holy Shit, they got the legend himself. Since you are all good now, I can say that these people should be crowned king of all scammers.
The very first message looks suspicious as hell already! Missing punctuation, capitalized 'We' in the middle of a sentence, "Try Chat" is not "Open in Google Chat", and the overall look seems off-style.  This once again shows how effective emotional manipulation is for scammers. When your anxiety is up and your emotions are high it is MUCH harder to be intellectually vigilant while your brain is so focused on primal vigilance.
someone dox that ip so the scammer wont be able to scam people for a while
im damn lucky i never check my emails lmao
Came here from Moist Critkal
So what did they get out of it?
God a syrian in turkey making bad things.. sorry for it. Just sorry world.
What the fuck. This is insane
I'm extremely excited for the new video, glad you're back!
I'm glad someone at last benefited from this. The other Jim Browning channel looks like it's come back to life over the last 24 hours, after a year of inactivity. That more than doubling of subs must have been the inspiration he needed.
HOW IN THE WORLD did Jim fall for a email that just says "Hi" in the greeting without a name ?????
At least he is still here
Google replying to questions is pretty sus
This is why I don't trust anyone or anything....
Glad to have you back jim
The god of hackers fell for a phish
Cisrcomstances made my mom loose 500$ and my day 1500. Scammera where just lucky.  it was a whats app scam. I almost fell for the same scame as well. but i was lucky. then it dawned on me that it could be a scam. And sure enough it was.
I’m here from Charlie’s channel but I’d rather hear it from you.
You were missed, we are all very glad your back Jim ♥️
Phew!! You’re back! 🎉
Here before penguinz0 viewers start rampaging
Here from Moistcritikal
Good to see you got your channel back and just to let you know that I did not need to re-subscribe. But be more more careful next time... *huge*
When you defeat the final boss and they start regenerating health:
The return of the king
Been subscribed to you for some time but Charlie brought this incident to my attention. Thank Goodness you’re channel is still active. 🙏🏽💯
So glad to see you back man
Just got back from the Mutahar video. Yeah, these scams are a HUGE problem.
MISSED YOU BRO
JIM LEGEND !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
He almost scammed the scammer scammer
I am glad to see you got your channel back. I love how you said you were also venerable to scams, even though you're amazing and finding scammers and all that. It's true, anyone can be scammed if, like you said, the conditions are correct. The Spiffing Brit also got hit with this scam and I hope he gets his channel back too.   What really peaks my interest is why the scammer kept talking to you for a bit before vanishing. They did seem genuinely interested, however, realistically, they were not, since they vanished. I wish these people would learn to do good with their "power of scamming". Maybe there are cases where some are just misguided and need a guide, though I could be wrong too.  Point is: I'm glad you got your channel back, and I hope anyone else hit with this scam gets their stuff back too. You came out on top, Jim! It's okay to make mistakes, after all, nobody is perfect. :)
Rip: The Spiffing Brit
13:30 He definitely just used inspect element on the browser to make it seem like he had earned this much. People do the same thing on their paypal balance to show themselves having millions of whatever currency.
Welcome Back
Well good thing the channel is back 😥
Touché to the scammer for tricking internet Thanos but I knew Jim was too powerful.
AWESOME JIM
We all love you anyways !
glad you're back, I first saw it on someordinarygamer's video that you're account was deleted, glad you're back tho!
National holiday in India today bro
A scammer doing small-talk, that's a first for me, most of them just block me the second I respond lol. Glad to see you back, SomeOrdinaryGamers had a 50/50 conflict with himself about this too, then he mentioned you falling for it so I thought I'd stop by.
Is this a publicity and eye opener stunt? I never thought anything like this could happen to THE scammer slayer Jim Browning. I honestly think Jim Browning is just tryna make people who have been scammed feel no shame in what has happened to them. No matter what though Jim Browning is the man!
Damn
MoistMan sent me
"I'm YouTube" is the best thing I've ever seen.
This puts into perspective how effective phishing scams are. I always had the mindset that it was only stupidity that allowed people to fall for them, yet I think this has convinced me otherwise.
This is like Batman being tricked into revealing his identity. How the hell is my stupid ass supposed to defend myself from scammers
Love this 💖 Christopher is an Elite
What does a scammer have to gain by doing this? What’s a scam like this about?
respect that you posted this, i would have felt ashamed falling for something but admitting it and going into how it happened and what you learned is very helpful for others.
All my logins are multi factor enabled for this very reason. Can't take chances online, these criminals are getting more intelligent day by day. As a rule of thumb I always treat any email with a requested action as a potential scam regardless of it origin and contact the authority in question via their official channel to confirm.
My gal feels less silly, knowing scams can happen to anyone and\or the best of us.
Get 'em Jim. Find them. Delete them. *plays the Imperial March theme
Wow I didn't even know he was gone. I thought he was just taking it easy with the content. I still had his channel on my subscribed list. Now I am confused. lol
The classic smug dude who can't imagine falling for a scam would have probably given the scammers their password just because they wouldn't be willing to admit to themself that they were scammed into deleting their channel.  Being willing to admit that you can fall for scams and avoid digging yourself a deeper grave are an important defense.
I was literally talking to my coworkers today about how anyone can get scammed and tricked and that it's not a reflection on someone's intelligence, and the fact this happened to you of all people proves that point. It can happen to anyone for whatever reason, so the best we can do is try to keep vigilant and inform people about them, without judgement on anyone's "intelligence" when they do fall for the scam.  I'm glad you were able to get your channel back.
Sharing your experience and the constant vigilance required. No one is outside the risk of being scammed.
I'm beginning to think those who say I'm too suspicious of others are wrong.
This is a serious problem and hopefully it'll be fixed good to see you back man much love
It's so weird I was watching your videos earlier the day and I haven't knew it was deleted, glad to see that you got it back
JIM!
O
https://youtu.be/m6mdKTJ_O2Q  .
<3
jim i missed you
Stoked to see you back Jim. My friends grandmother just got scammed out of a few grand last week. She has been talked to about computer scams but she's old. My friends and I rounded up some dough actually a bit more than she lost and gave it to her. Take these scammers down Jim. Take them all down.
Thank goodness you’re back, I was horrified to see your channel had disappeared into a “black hole”, it was indeed Pierogi’s channel that alerted me to your unpleasant situation. So glad you’re back on YT with the original content too. What a nightmare for you, hopefully the real gaggle of Google/YouTube support staff remove the hacker ASAP. Best wishes from Adelaide; South Australia🇦🇺💐
I'm guessing it's payback for those tech support vids
Indians win again.
Literally L vs Kira my God a battle of two absolute brain chads dueling!
Huge respect that you made this video and admitted even one of the best can be tricked! That's how scary some of these scammers are
ahahaha MAN you are a true Legend 😎😎😎
The big channel Some Ordinary gamers got the same email the other day as well
SomeOrdinaryGamers made a video saying he also almost got tricked by this
Scammer outsmarted the scammer exposer
You are very smart. Find him an shut him down.
This scam was so smart
Oooohhhhh shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiT! Ain't that a bitch? Man that's too funny. You're the man Jim Browning for owning up to it. Much appreciated sir!
I appreciate you showing your own scam blind spots. It’s so easy for scam-ees to feel so stupid and wonder how we got scammed. But seeing someone who does this for a living still almost get scammed really puts it in perspective.
I’m glad that you got your channel back but another one of my favorite youtubers lost their channel press f
You got scammed, what hope is there for anyone else?
Wow just wow.  We can all fight back by educating each other with our experience
YouTube's channel-undelete instructions were the same as the ones given by the scammer! That's hilarious. And sad.
When I see coming soon on Jim’s channel, I am always hyped, lol.  Such a shame this shit happens, lucky  you were able to recover! It truly can happen to anyone...
My grandson and I are both so glad you're back, and all in one piece, too!!❤️
omg so scary, dont know how you are sooooooo calm in that situation. anyway welcome back legend <3 love from malaysia
Missed you, Jim. I think anyone can make a mistake, no matter how much of an expert they are. Fortunately you had that expertise to also fix it.
Speaking of coincidence...Man, last week, woke up and was notified your channel was deleted. Woke up this morning, saw a notification that a channel was deleted, was like "ah, Jim's still gone" then I saw you had uploaded this video. Wait a minute....Then another channel was deleted? Who was deleted? Checked the notification again and saw The Spiffing Brit had been deleted. I wonder if he also fell for a similar scam 🤔
“He had know idea what my channel was about” but your profile picture…
Damn Jim. Damn. Never thought you'd fall for that.
I love Jim but I think it’s so ironic he got scammed.
Who met him from penguinz0? Glad ur channel is remade man.
welcome back jim
if the Great Jim Browning can be scammed? now im worried..
HE'S BACK AND HE'S PISSED!! LETS GOOOOO
well it's a good thing that now i'm aware of this scam
So basically the same third worlders that scam people also work for YouTube and do the same lazy work
oof
My rule of thumb for emails is that I don't click anything unless I know I'm the reason it was sent or I expected to receive said email.
Even God has bad days. Welcome back Mr. Browning.
My man back at up and at them
Wow! Just freaking wow!  Why did Youtube send you nonsensical, repetitive information that helped you none whatsoever? Because that's how Youtube conducts business.   You're absolutely correct. It really can happen to anyone. They can get you through your habits sometimes, even if you're a person wise to most scams. Some scams are very well done, and if our guard is down, we can slip right into it.  Thank you for sharing this. It's more awareness for us all. And I'm glad you got your channel back.
It’s insane to me that even a big-time scammer can fall for grabify
Yesterday a huge crackdown happened by Delhi police , a call center with 150 people were caught red handed.  Yay , more power to people like you , fuk these bastard's.
The fact the scam god that is Jim browning got tricked by a phish scares me
welcome back jim.. glad to see you back👏👏👏❣❤ we support You💪
This reminds me of the Tyler The Creator Cyberbullying tweet. Just replace the word Cyberbullying with Scamming 😂
I am so happy you got your channel back I was genuinely worried especially knowing that YouTube took forever to bear to get your account back I really thought that Susan was just gonna let you hang there. I'm happy to see you back my friend.
Madness
Not to be disrespectful, but the biggest red flag is a YouTube support contact with this level of activity. YouTube is notoriously bad at support.
Goes to show even the smartest tech dude can get scammed - so be skeptical of all the things!
Hmmm, I know it is all hind sight but I am surprised you of all people fell for this. Anything involved with DELETE should of raised major red flags. I was worried when I saw something is up with your channel.  NOW IT IS TIME FOR REVENGE!!!!!!
The hunter got hunted
I'm just glad that everything is ok, these situations are indeed really scary.
Phew!! You are back, thank goodness, so glad you got it all sorted.
wait, youtube can just control+z this shit? thats some good foresight, or this has happened and they actually gave a shit unlike respawn. fuck respawn for not fixing their games and banning the person who gave them the code to fix their damn games. i am still pissed at respawn for this.
🤯
im glad this ended well
I think they want your personal information such as phone number or full name. youre probably safe then cause youre using lots of firewall defense from hackers but maybe your life is in danger after causing them billions of money to scam. stay safe were rooting for you for this good cause
WOWI can not believe that you out of all the people got scammed, people if this does not prove that anyone can get got I don’t know what will.  So happy you are back up Jim.  Unreal story
Crazy.  Happy you're back. Love your vids.  I almost got fooled by a scam  phone call the other day. I commended them for being more convincing. Still can't get a scammer to talk with me and answer my questions, though.
Even you got duped dam.. does this mean your going into overdrive now to hack and destroy all scammers devices? And that picture look like it was from that social media tracking site creators use
THE IRONY, the greatest scambaiter falls for a scam!
Glad to see you jim. Thank God
I along with many others love your content. I am so happy that you got your channel back. Thank you for being awesome and I hope you didn’t have too many anxiety-induced-heart-attacks during the time when your channel was down.
Imagine having 2.5M$ and using a Samsung A50. Makes sense.
Moves and counter moves Jim, you were playing whack a mole, now you're playing chess.
The scammer seemed much more legit than the actual YouTube support.
Hahahahahaha ley me laugh hahahahaha XD... Well didn't you see? The CC addresss? A random address?
Circumstance is truly king when it comes to scams.
Thank god it was sorted out for you, to bad you couldn’t get the scammers exact location or look through his camera and get the authority’s going to him
Glad to see your back
Now revenge shouldn't be a way of life...but I'd to see our man look for these guys.
I don't think I would fall for this. That makes me smarter than Jim...lol.   Just kidding....
Thank you for making this video and sharing your experience. Goes to show no matter how smart or careful you are one moment of inattention and not questioning can let scammers cause damage. It takes constant vigilance to protect yourself in this day and age. I'm glad youtube was able to restore your channel.
Hopefully they Youtube support team will see this, and use it as feedback from a creators perspective to improve their channel management interfaces. If someone as experienced as Jim can look at the account deletion warnings and not immediately understand what is going on, they might need to look at updating the warnings. It also shows some problems with the processes the support team uses to help creators restore their channels. Having a member of the support team tell a creator that their account is unrecoverable should be completely unacceptable, and it highlights a lack of communication between different teams within Youtube support that should be working together, as they are working on the same or very similar issues.
Respect for admitting that even the best can get spoofed. Alphabet owes you.
What’s bugging me is how he’s aiming channels that have AdSense. Detecting you after device swapping is one thing but since he didn’t manually checked the content of your channel if you have AdSense, he’s program was also able to detect that automatically.
i will never have any respect for scammers. they don’t know how to make money the real way and think it’s right to waste people’s time and money. every time i scambait i always curse them out and they get all offended, kinda ironic 😂😂
Glad to see you back on the air, Jim. I've not taken any action and I still appear to be subscribed, so that's a good thing. The unbelievable creativity of scammers amazes me - seeing options to monetize the most arcane things. I consider myself reasonably smart but no way I can see ahead of time some of the paths to payout that these guys come up with. I guess I'm inhibited by a moral compass - Damn! :)
I tell ya what, I'd love to meet some of these scammers face to face. It'd be the last thing they ever do, and the last place anyone ever saw them again.  For real though, ignore all email links. Never press a button in an email, ever. Open a browser and go direct to the site if it's important.
You won because you never paid and you got your channel back 👍🏼
I'm watching Mr Jim Browning videos for a reason  I hv to be smart enough to deal future occurrence.🤓
You know, I always said there is no way I would fall for a scam. But seeing that even you fell for one, I understand that no one really is safe if the right circumstances happen.
"We are waiting for your reply " should have been a dead giveaway.  Only scammers wait for your reply, companies believe they are always in the right and could care less if you protest...
Assholes YT keeps removing my comments! Join Rumble, Brand New Tube.
even the best fall down sometimes...
Wow this video haa really useful info for someone trying to be a youtuber.
The mistake was immediate and I would have questioned the legitamacy, "...and as a result (new line starts with capital, same sentence) We will..." No period, not even a excusable comma. Line break into Capitalization of 'We' in the same sentence. Google wouldn't have done that, or the clerk makes a mistake and you question him
Jim is like a Phoenix..he rose out of the ashes anew!welcome back! prayers and blessings from a new mexico minister.
Wow.., u never fail to amaze and shock me
lol
Well some big youtubers like The Spiffing Brit have already been caught by this.
welcome back Jim glad to have you back
Well, that ain't the only side effect of this happening to you.  Turns out if you go to sort your videos by "Most Popular" leads to a blank screen that says "This channel has no videos."  Edit: upon closer investigation I was able to select "All Videos" from another drop-down menu, rather than the default "Uploads" because I would gather that technically speaking, you didn't upload anything if it was restored from a backup.
Welcome back :) It was scary when you weren't here... the internet is dark and full of scammers.
Jim, this video popped up on my feed and it shows that I’m still subscribed so I don’t think it knocked out your subscribers.
I'm genuienly confused that your channel got deleted around January because I didn't notice that it did, and now it came back
Welcome back ❤️
First I was like: "Is it already april fools again?"
glad u got your account back. =)
How the turn tables…
He needs to do a livestream of a scammers call center lol
Im sooooooooo happy you are back!! Im crying right here
Damn the Scam baiter got scammed
You let your guard down Jim, happens to the best of us. Take a break from your job on time to time, cause... we don't wanna find out Jim Rajesh taking over your channel in a near-by future.
Thank you for sharing your story, Jim, and glad you're back.
Re the beginning of the video, this seems more than a scammer. It seems like a spear phishing attack, potentially with some extra assistance.  1) The person who crafted this has done research om YouTube creaters to find an effective fear trigger specifically for YouTubers (loss of ad revenue), and figured out the normal tells (bad spelling, bad domains, etc). The random capitals and the lack of spacing just before the very last link would only be spotted by very close attention. Overall, the message is mostly coherent with its premise, however.  2) I think it's extremely unlikely that it was coincidence you had switched to a new phone when they struck. I would be looking for malware on the old device and changing all my account passwords (and making sure authenticator-based MFA is on, at minimum) in case something was monitoring.  3) Jim Browning would be a prime target for scammers to enlist other 'help' to carry out a more sophisticated attack. 4) The attackers had clearly done research to figure out the loopholes in Google's process for replacing and deleting channels, and crafted a convincing chat script for it.
"I sent a Grabify link"  *I'll initiate a counter-hack*
???
Just watched this happen to a highly unrelated channel - psyched substance
Rumble is always an option...
We're glad that you're back :D
That felt like a Moriarty level scammer
Oh man....the scammers just fd up. They have poked the beast now.
Glad you are back Jim. I did not have to resubscribe by the way. Good job Google :)
It’s possible that he could’ve got the spiffing Brit or something, he got his channel deleted and said he fell for a scam. So it is entirely possible he got that one.
It was me lmao
Jim, if anything ... *anything at all* ... thank you for your humility.
He’s returned
Just remember that Google or YouTube won't ask for your password or any personal information.
10:01 Scammer taking feedback from their victims. 😐😂🤣
So he sends you a screenshot saying he made 16k with stolen channels, in 28 days, but then says he needs money and asks you to send him money.   Totally a fake screenshot. He ain't making jack. 16k a month would set me up nicely.
Thank you for this video, it helps to know these scams/phishes for my personal protection against them.  That initial e-mail had two red flags that I would have done a runaround and contacted YouTube through a separate means than directly from the email.  One flag: Tone of email. Scam/phishing emails use something scary and ask to 'click here'. Second flag: Consistency failure. They ask you to click 'Try Chat', but the button is labeled 'Open in Google Chat'.   That said, no scam/phishing email I have dealt with recently have passed the domain test check in the From field like this would have.
If he made that much he would not ask for $100.
You and Psyched Substance both
Glad you are up and running again. I hope these monsters realize that they just lit a fire under you and have no idea about what is coming toward them.
i got scamed from the proper Facebook email
I have seen everything now. Everything!
WELCOME BACK JIM !!
I almost fell for a phishing scam once too because of coincidence
This scammer chose the worst channel to scam
Thank you for being 100% transparent, showing everyone how you were spearphished to prove that ANYONE can fall for this under the right circumstances. I've been following you for many years now and this was one of your most educating postings. Thank you 'Jim'!
Glad your back !!
Yeah, I had a similar thing happen recently that also almost caught me out through coincidence.  A USPS phishing email that looked like it actually came from them.  The coincidence was I was expecting a package at some point from family from the states.  But because my mom had not actually advised me that she had shipped anything yet, which was unusual and sooner than anticipated, I did my usual checks.  Sender email address did actually appear to be from USPS (I also am in the habit of hovering over every link and email address to confirm "real" senders and link targets).  Couldn't get a hold of my mom to confirm she had actually sent something.  Refused to click link in email because I couldn't get confirmation from family, but did manually check tracking number on USPS website, and sure enough it brought up a real package.  Everything up to that point was checking out, but it fell apart from there.  Yes it was a real package shipped from the US, but was shipped to a completely different country AND was over a year out of date.  It was only at that point I was sure it was a phishing email.  I know I feel like I was almost caught out, but that was only because they had passed my usual first, second, and third tier checks.  I know enough about the tree/forest relationship to recognize the correct order that domains should be listed, so I was really surprised to see the correct structure in the sender information.  Couldn't even believe the tracking number was real.  It was only after I scrutinized the actual tracking record that I was able to confirm that it wasn't real.  And if I hadn't actually been expecting a package from the states at that particular time I would've been a lot more wary of that particular email.  Thankfully I didn't get caught out because I decided not to click anything until I could get my mom to confirm that she had actually shipped a package.  I was impressed they had gotten that far past my usual checks.  It was definitely a first.  But also a bit scared realizing I'm going to have to up my game and checks to keep myself and family/friends safe in the future if it's going to be that hard to spot a fake in the future.  So far, that email was one in a million.  But I would be stupid to assume that it'll stay that way.  Glad to see you caught it in time Jim and were able to recover from it.  But yeah, even the most diligent and technically aware of us can be caught out if enough of the cards are not in our favor.  No shame in it.  It happens.
Glad you're back! Don't be too hard on yourself. Nobody is above being victimized. These scammers are wily as serpents. The more we crack down on their crimes, the more resourceful they will have to become to survive.
I guess they just have keep sending emails  until the coincidences just line up.
Keep up the excellent work Jim !
We'll call this a few hundred : 1 scammers
I find it funny that the scammer is trying to scam someone with the profile picture saying “Tech Support Scams”
He asked for 100 via paypal: You should have asked for his paypal-account, so you can report it to paypal as a scam-account and he will loose that scammer-account!
You can easily fake your user agent, cmon dude I thought you were a pro
Do you think you will get your verification back soon and does that mean you are not getting Adsense at the minute?
Ok.
How did you fall for this?  You lost all your pimp status
So glad your back Jim 👋
The scammer was actually the other Jim Browning.
Ahhh that music at the last bit is something that i didn't know i'd miss :)
If you go to his videos and click sort by most popular it says “this channel has no videos”
“nO” lmfao
That’s crazy, strangely enough about a day after I posted a parcel via Royal Mail I coincidentally got a text from a scammer pretending to be from Royal Mail needing a shipping fee. I had only woken up and as anxiety was already pretty high this made it worse so I rushed to the link faster some reason. I wasn’t really thinking straight until I was about half way through filling out the form when it asked for a confirmation question which I never remember filling out but I put in some random name and it checked out ok, then I realised that this was a scam as that wouldn’t ever have happened. Now they know my full name and where I live but oh well. Definitely be careful though especially when your not fully awake as I’m not one to fall for these things ever, still disappointed in myself even after a month on from this. They didn’t get any money from me though lol
I'm so glad you are back! God Bless You, Jim Browning! ❤️💙
You have to take your hat off to them.  Well played Scammers.
Extraordinary video. As a long time internet user (close to 25 years), your video serves as a warning to us all, that no matter how experienced we might think we are, there are moments when our guard is down and we can succumb to scammers. Perhaps the maxim should always be, suspect everything when online, no matter the circumstance? Thanks for the video.
loool na. This is all on you buddy.
Glad you got the channel back!  I've employed a very healthy habit of whenever I get email like this I always go to the source and go from there, I got in so much trouble clicking on links in emails as a kid.   In my experience, there's nothing a real company would ask or tell you to do that you can't just go through their own support channels first doesn't solve.
Spiffing brit was hit today too.
It’s possible the “2.5 million” was in Syrian pounds, which would be the equivalent of about $2k
Wait, this happened?
Damn, I can't believe you fell for it
This is the best scammer video I've ever seen!!
Thank you Jim for all the hard work you do and being 100% honest about what happened
Welcome back Jim! Thanks for everything King, can't believe this happened to *you* of all people! I am pleased that you will continue to be the final boss for scammers, keep doing what you do. 🔥
This is kind of Ironic considering your content. But I'm happy you're back 😁
i typed it the same as you and it brought me here , it showed a thumbnail of the other JB but still brought me to you when i clicked
Loooool YouTube has honestly been a joke over the last few years. YouTube has been bluntly picking sides.  Most of the time contradicting itself, just to make sure it's agenda was obvious to everyone.  I think that they have started realising that humans will be vulgar, will lie and cheat, will abuse anyone and everyone. No matter which label they profess to attach to themselves.  EDIT: I personally think that YouTube is heading back to the old way. Where it is a platform for all of Mankind. No matter it's persuasion. Plus, I want to add. I was one of those people penalised for causing issues. I felt that something was untoward and would spring into action. Even if it cost my account.
Apparently the channel recovery didn't give you back your custom URL. That seems like an oversight on Youtube's part.
Even the best fall for these tricks but now you’re back
OMG yay u are back
Google should really NOT allow the name "YouTube Support" on Google chat.
The scammer who scammed Jim Browning is in the same prison cell as Jeffrey Epstein...
Even pros like jim make rookie mistakes once in a while
"I'm Youtube" ... lol.   Some of these guys may very well be EX-Youtube support ppl who lost their jobs... and turned to  scamming for a living.
Glad to see you back.
Sucks that you got duped, man- but awesome that 1. you figured it out in time, and 2. that you could share the lessons learned with us. It's grounding to know that even the pro's aren't invulnerable to this kind of attack. Well done and looking forward to your next video 🍻
Uf, would be nice if you put advice on how to avoid separately. For example, if you never click the email link and open the app instead as the standard practice, you will avoid a lot of issues like this
Damn. Got targetted. Glad you were able to recover this eventually.. wow.
This scam feels like a targeted attack
Jesus when a prime A1 scam baiter gets scammed, what hope is there for us mere mortals?
Its horrid, and unfortunately your not the only one this happened to. Ive had other channels I’m subscribed to make similar video’s  :(
It was?
the most unbelievable thing about this scam is actually talking a person at google without getting a big channel to @ the youtube creators twitter
Happy you are still here!
He lifted it from the spiffing brit. Its really unfortunate because i really liked his channel hopefully he gets it back soon 🤞
Imagine having the Gaul to scam a pro scambaiter/buster. What a king.
I hope they catch that little rat ba$tard!Glad you got things resolved.❤😊
Wow!
The handsomely part marginally empty because closet synthetically tease amidst a blue-eyed point. wacky, ceaseless girdle
Jim:  glad to see you back but I have one question.  Did you not have a backup of your system or can one not backup a Youtube account ?
Glad you are back!!!
Wow! If you can get scammed, anyone can. Glad you are able to deal with it.
when u go to his most popular videos it would say "no videos"
The scammers sent their ultimate weapon but they still lost.
Well this is disappointing. It turns out even Jim Browning is human :(  Welcome back! Thank you to Christopher @ YouTube for bringing Jim back to us.  One thing you didn't explicitly mention is that when YouTube contacts you, they will always include your channel name in the message. It should have said "Hi Jim Browning".  And something less obvious is that YouTube doesn't initiate support by Chat. If they see a problem with your account, it will be a full email.
Yowee...look at how many comments
Glad you are back!  Keep up the good work sir!
This literally happened to the “spiffing Britt” while I was watching his latest video his channel literally vanished
You are only human
Wow ,you of all got scammed , didn’t think I’ll see the day.   Glad it worked out well at the end
That was scary mate, this video is a good example how even the keen eyed can fall for some of these scams, now imagine an older person. Poor people getting scammed are so trusting of disgusting monsters
Hahaha that’s insane. Looks like the invincible isn’t so invincible anymore
Happy you're back man! Keep doing what you're doing!
Great recovery work! Can’t wait to see more of your incredible videos. Scammers keep calling me, if I can waste their time I do so joyfully. Scary part is that they know who they’re calling. If I give them a fictitious name they hang up. The other day my wife told them to arrest her but they only had ten minutes, she was going out. Usually the arrest will take place within two hours. We’re not waiting for them!
Jim, I am so sorry this happened to you and I am so glad you are back!!! You are a true hero in my opinion so thank you for all that you do to take down these scumbags! They are truly despicable and need to be stopped.
The spiffing Brit was hit with this same scam today
I assume Jim records at all time while using his computer other wise he wouldn't have this footage.
when i saw this in my recommended, i immediately checked the channel and glad to see tjat it is fully back!
I was so worried when I couldn't get my daily rewatch of Jim, glad you're back
The fact that the scammer was asking for your advice at the end. LOL.
Never do anything from a link that is sent to you in email or a phone call. Always go to the actual real website and go to tech support from there. Then you know you have the real company.
Jim I think it's SpiffingBrit
5:17 when i would have back out this google chat
Anyone that dislikes this is a scammer
This also happened to Psyched Substance! Bastards. It's clear the Turkish hacker picked the wrong victim.
Just happened to Spiff
I am sure that your videos have put quite a target on your back, and these people are already unscrupulous scumbags, so they will try any number of ways of getting at you and/or taking your content down. Keep fighting the good fight, but be careful; don't let this consume your life.
Thank you for your honesty Jim and for sharing your first-hand experience so that we may learn and be better prepared. This happened to Neebs gaming several months ago, same sort of scam. Google it seems have not tackled the issue. Honestly, Google is the scourge of the Earth. It crept into our lives and did everything to make itself indispensable. Definitely like Facebook (LifeLog) of “intelligence” service origin. An integral part of the illegal, immoral mass data collection and mass censorship programs. Mind Control Ultra!  It is almost impossible to be vigilant ALL of the time it often seems that only “vigilantes” DO anything about the abundance of parasites and sharks constantly circling and waiting to bite at any slip ups.
Lets go get the Scammers!!
I think this is good evidence that these scams can work well on almost anybody with just the right E-mail, by making the "what if it's real" risk so big that there's some sort of instinctive risk assessment we do and we decide that the risk if it's real is too great and it sort of cuts off our reasoning temporarily or something. I've gotten very believable scam E-mails that even claim to be from things like my cable provider, the only thing that "saved" me was I didn't use the link in the E-mail and found there was no "outstanding amount" at all- and it was only at which point I could go back and see just how ridiculous the E-mail was!
I just assume ever thing a scam now a day's!!!! LOL
If JB can be scammed...  The rest of us are road kill for a determined scammer...
Welcome back Jim!!! We missed you
I’m gonna be honest I didn’t even notice your channel was gone I mean you upload so rarely
Scammer: nO Edit: WHY ARE THERE A BUNCH OF BOTS SPAMMING MY 2 MONTH OLD COMMENT LMFAO SOMEONE HELP
Wow, this is some High-Tier Social Engineering I've ever seen. Thanks for letting us be aware.
Thanks Christopher :)
I'm so glad you're back and put 2 and 2 together and show us what to look out for!
THANK YOU YOUTUBE TEAM!
Dude, I did not believe that tweet even. I was so sure they couldn't get you like that and thought they have hacked your twitter also. I see some scammers are more intelligent than your average scammer. Glad you got your channel back. I wish you had more to this about how you reversed the connection and got to him 😆
someone scammed the scam scammer, this is getting too deep
WOOOOOOOOOO THA MAN IS BACK
One important thing: Large companies don't just directly talk to you via a chat site in real-time, they will usually send emails.
The scammer deadass asked for a review wtf
Psyched Substance went through this 5 days ago, he was able to get his account back!
When you defeat all the minions and face the boss scammer
Welcome back!
This guys took Jim Browning down but didn't bother setting a proxy up, wtf
I’m sorry this has happened to you Jim but welcome back!!
So glad you‘re back, Jim 🙌🏻
"I AM YOUTUBE"
Still subbed! Glad you're back :)
Happens to the best of 'em.... and you're the best!
That is pretty incredible man, Glad you got your channel back.
Scary stuff.
Glad to see you back Jim. Just goes to show we can all be scammed if not on our toes 100% all of the time. Watching this video has now made me even more aware of just taking my time to check everything no matter how legitimate it looks. Given I use different Operating Systems generally I'm able to thwart scammers and phishing techniques. Keep up the good work. This video is definitely a bit of a wake up call for those who have been fighting not only scammers but those trying to crack systems. You need to be as vigilant as ever and check everything including various logs for suspicious activity regularly.
YouTube actually REALLY needs to fix this.
Honestly wow. Crazy stuff. Glad you got your stuff back.  Edit: actually pron bots stalking me
They were aware, yet it was still up and functioning to scam more people.... smh
Bless your heart. Thank you for sharing this horrific scam.
That sucks man. Glad to see you got back
It seems like these types of Phishing scams are becoming more prevalent and sophisticated.
Only as you gave him info that Finance related channels earn more...now his target will be those channels.  So the first step to know whether anyone is scam or not is to send them grabify link and see the device(if its through phone , its a scam) and location.
damn bro you got got lmao
I've never been scammed and is something I'm proud of, but seeing that this dude almost got scammed makes me question myself lol, perhaps I have been scammed but haven't realised? Lucky for me I am distrustful of anyone, including myself. But I have been in contact with people through emails and web chats from legitimate places who misspell things all the time so that personally for me doesn't always ring a alarm, but emails is something I pay 100% attention to.
"Never underestimate the competition" they say.  This is the best and most useful video you've ever made - and you've made countless outstanding videos Jim.  Thanks for sharing this very personal insight into the murky world of scumbaggery.
Wow, your YT channel is all about catching scammers and how not to get scammed and they got you with the oldest trick in the book!! LOL
Scammers bout to dislike this video
Glad your back.. am still subscribed and have notification enabled
Welcome Back mate, that was a wild ride. much love  and support from Australia. Lets take all these pricks down.
Jim Browning created a scam to scam himself to make a video breaking down the scam.
😢
This is honestly quite helpful, my mom is the chief in our county's fraud department and your stuff honestly gives me a great insight to her work, as well as make me more wary about scams and their progress than any old lecture could. Glad you got your channel reinstated, welcome back!
First, Ad Sense is why i no long view your channel. You're only here for that.. You don't give a darn about people. It just so happens doing what entertains you brings in some cash. Sad.... Second, you selectively like comments from certified people in an effort to increase your "audience". Third, get a real job helping people instead of leaching revenue sometimes helping a very limited few... Fourth, which is my favorite.. You get scammed too. You are far from certified.
Really glad to see you back. I was surprised reading your tweet about your channel.
It seems a bit fishy. This scammer could have done this to literally ANYONE and it would be an easy win for shure... But he chose you, the mastermind of information protection.
It's terribly disappointing to learn that GMail, one of the biggest mail providers has not properly restricted sender spoofing... Talking about too big to fail...
Still subbed Jim!
Welcome back king
Glad you are back
First red flag: actually talking to someone at YouTube
yup, i also got got cause of coincidence, cause I was contacting my school department and an email claiming to be from the department asked me to log in to see a document. I had annoying got logged out of outlook before for reasons I did not understand, so it asking me to log in once more to outlook did not ring any red bells for me. And thus they had my password I used for everything (which I immediately reset with individual passwords)
I am so happy your channel and/or it's content isn't all gone
Wow. That's insane. Kind of a master scam to scam the scam buster.
Fair play to have a back 👏🎉, keep it up, did you notify YouTube just in case? Probably did but just asking?
Didn't the same thing happened to the spiffing Brit ?
Bye Spiffing Brit!
Never realized you were gone, but I'm glad you were able to get everything restored. I have mad respect for everything you do and applaud you for being forthright about the scam. I imagine it must be a bit embarrassing to fall prey to a scam but it's a good wake up call to us all. No matter how savvy anyone thinks they are, we all still have to take a page from Mad-Eye Moody's book: CONSTANT VIGILANCE!
Me: Hey what's your name? Scammer: YouTube bro wbu?
Lol I bet he was getting worried and started making typing mistakes 🤣
I’m sorry to hear this. I had one of those emails I just deleted it because I don’t actually upload anything much to my channels.
Goes to show anyone can fall for these scams... So be careful and don't fall into a false sense of security.. glad your back
When the scam exposer gets scammed.
Very brave of you to upload this instance of the scammers getting through to you.  Just goes to show, anybody can fall victim to this kind of thing and we need to take security very seriously.
Greatly happy to know you restored your channel, Sir. Good to know that you have humility in your values because you taught us how you learn from this scam. Many people in life have too much pride or are greedy with info that they would never have share their bad experiences. You are a good role model and thanks be to Jesus!
I actually liked the other Jim Browning's video of the shooting model rockets with his granddaughter. I used to do it all the time as a kid. I even had one that would split into 2 pieces and had an alien inside. I hope he didn't get any hate because he was an innocent party. I was wondering how the heck you could be scammed but that initial email was very convincing, so I can see now. Sucks but I'm glad everything worked out.
No worries.   Sometimes the bad guy wins...
That ad revenue is definitely from a video, I can’t remember where but I’ve definitely seen it somewhere, Minecraft video I think
Glad he's back. Be careful Jim. You've made a lot of enemy and most of them real bad guys.
Nice to see you back, Jim. Goes to show we are all vulnerable if the timing is right.
Perhaps I'm the only one who noticed a mistake in the writing of the scam text (at 02:25)? I don't think Google would write a sentence with a capital letter in the middle of a phrase as it reads: "...and as result (We) will permanently..." Maybe, because I'm very focused in learning English grammar (yes, English isn't my mother language" then I have noticed it as soon as I started reading it (?). I'm always focused on grammar mistakes when I get some scams emails because usually, it's in the grammar that we find them. Perhaps, I'm saying nonsense, I don't know, but I always look for those spelling mistakes.
Yo hes back
Glad your back Jim.
Glad you're back. Glad you made this video so people realize that even pros get tricked
This won’t happen again
It does seem like a massive oversight by Google that anyone can create an @google.com account. Almost unbelievable.
Ever heard of “it happens to the best of us” this is basically it.
I can't believe you actually fell for this.... but glad to see you back!
You video popped up for me, still subscribed and pushed to my account, scary stuff and thank goodness you have the skill to bust the scam.
Let's all come together in this congregation to mark this glorious dub.
JIM WE'VE MISSED YOU!!!!
That was tense. Welcome back Jim!
Apparently theSpiffingBrit gaming channel with over 2 million subscribers also got scammed.
thats crazy
It just goes to show that like you said, scammers can scam anyone, they are starting to get that good. All the stars just need to align. That is why they just keep trying and trying until they hit that one mark who isn't paying close enough attention. I'm so happy you got your channel back Jim!
It's honestly weird that you of all people would fall for this lol. Life is full of irony.
Here from Spiff
He screwed up attacking you. Now you can expose his scam.
Are scams becoming more prominent? Do you get scamming set-ups in  more developed countries?  We get constant phishing/skimming/swiping scams in South Africa.
Fantastic mea culpa and learning experience, thank you Jim
Happy you got everything back! I’m curious why you were recording this if you thought it was real. Do you record everything you do on your PC?
Way to keep your head cool during a direct assault. Playing 4D Chess :D
Whaaaaat Jim 😂 Can’t stop laughing because you derped so much 😅 Please be extre, Extra carefull next time ok ?
👍👍👍👍👍
Lmao... Easily fooled by a scammer
Congratulations to alternate reality Jim Browning on gaining Priority.  I'm sorry that this happened, even to you, but I'm glad you addressed this because it shows how absolutely trashed the world has become and how dangerous it is to follow what we believe to be basic protocol.   I expected this to be a story of someone gaining revenge for past offenses, so I'd like to redouble your offenses by reminding you to contact google as soon as this happens again. The box is open, people. Nobody is safe.
Glad you are back!
Much of Northern Syria's internet is a series of radio/microwave relays that are essentially beamed over the border from Turkey. Very few towns outside of Damascus would have access to a Syrian ISP, so a lot of small towns instead use single wifi networks tied into this (illegitimate) Turkish border system. Many Syrians would likely be using actual Turkish IP addresses because of this, so I can well believe this guy was in Syria.
Anyone who dislikes this is a pos
Welcome back!! I noticed on Pierogi's channel what happened to you. Big respect how you tell the story, you must have felt soooo bad. I hope sharing the lesson will help other to prevent similar damage.
Yay!! Glad to see you back!
Kkkk bring a trophy for that scammer , the king of scammers kkkk
I'm curious why you can even do that to a youtube channel. In what legitimate circumstance would it be useful?
i didnt need to resuscribe to your channel and i got the notification   for the new video
Further reassurance that falling for a scam does not mean you're 'stupid' - social engineering goes a long way. It's not a matter of intelligence, as much as people like to say it is!
I have went 2 to 3 years with out 2 step verification, just recently turned it on due to not knowing it was a thing on Youtube.
Scammer: *scams Jim Browning* Jim Browning: jokes on you I'm into that shit!
bustard scammers glad to see you back looks like they're getting crafty
I strongly suggest you give the details to the Turkish Police Cyber Crime Unite. They even detain  people for simply posting on Tweeter in their thousands with some lame excuse. They would definitely take your case seriously.. I am not joking. Google Turkish crack down on social media
I know some content creators who's accounts have been hacked, so the hackers just want money or to sell the channel to someone else.
Scammers: "I've got access to your computer" Jim Browning: UNO-REVERSE This guy: UNO-REVERSE REVERSE
\-_-/
He said that he had a channel with 3 million…. Sam o’nella hasn’t been seen for a while
Now, they'll feel the payback focussed into the very chair they're sitting on. I wouldn't want to be in their shoes. Go get them tiger!
Glad you got it sorted! YT never deletes anything. I have channels that I’ve tried to delete and they never go away.
Hey Jim, glad to see you're back.  I have an odd one for you, you might want to look into it. I wish I had actual data to provide, but all I have is a story.  The other week my phone lit up asking me "was this you". Google two-step had caught someone in "Paris TX" trying to log into my account on a Chromebook. I've never owned a Chromebook, so this was obviously a compromise. I denied it, and waited for another notification to see if I needed to change my password.  The notification popped up, three times back-to-back. I quickly selected "secure your account", and changed my password.  Here's where things get scary... I entered an old password, as per instructed by the password changing steps. I then entered a new password, and the moment I tried to confirm the new password, the screen backpedaled, and I was met with "You have been signed out, please enter your password to sign back in".  ...I panicked a bit, and entered my new password. Didn't work. Old password...didn't work neither.   Luckily...I am a smart boy. I have google logged in on my PC, I pulled up the security settings from there, went into the list of devices that are approved for my account, and removed everyone of them from the list except the PC I was on. I then changed my password, and redid my two-step authentication and backup codes for good measure.  I then did a couple of scans, and they turned up nothing. I decided, reluctantly, to reset my phone. The problem hasn't happened since. I think this is definitely worth looking into. I suspect a bot program was doing this, but how is the big question. I sent what little information I had to the google support team so they could double check their securities, and seeing your video made me feel I should at least share the story with you.
YouTube doing something productive :D
Glad to have you back Jim :)
Someone getting the drop on Jim Browning? I never thought I'd see the day. It indeed proves that it can happen to the best of us.  Phase one of the scam was really well done. Phase two, not so much, but I can see how someone could fall in after phase one and the channel being gone.  It's good to have you back, and thank you for showing that scam.  Edit: Why are all the spambots replying to my comment as if I was Jim?
Turkey is very well known for companies who scam people in Germany over the phone. It's mostly about magazine subscriptions and lottery tickets. They start with a big lie that goes like: "Do you want your subscription [which does not actually exist] to continue for a year or should we cancel after 3 month?" If you tell them to cancel, which they will press you on, they start a recording and ask for bank details, name etc. to prove a telemarketing contract. The victims are mostly old people.
That Google Form is devious. It says “This form was created inside Google.” This is a really neat trick. He has a Google Workspace account with the name “Google” so that it appears like the Google Form was from Google proper. If you setup a Google Workspace account with an organization name, the footer normally says the org name. This is supposed to be a trust system so you know you’re communicating with a legitimate Google Workspace org, like your company. But he used that to act as another trust layer. It’s really interesting.
Hahaha, I'm Jim Browning , IM JIM BROWNING -- SO IS MY WIFE!!! Well done Jim. Glad you didn't lose .
Nope I am still sub'd.
"what do you mean by real support?"....."I'm youtube" I think that could be the greatest thing I've ever read
What the scammer do is just asking you to move your main channel to brand channel, this is usually used by people who sell channel to another person (I do this couple times), basically you never lost or delete your channel. People can't find your channel because you now have new 'URL' in your new brand channel, and because it's new, it's not crawled by google yet.   And why you see all your video gone because when you move your channel to brand channel, you should login to the brand channel and your channel is there (only your comment in every of your video got deleted, because it can't be transferred).  I think he do this just to make the victim's think that he really got an access to your channel. and that's why the victim feel that they should fill the form , because they're in pressure losing the channel. About the screenshot, the RPM is about $1.3, so it's from some gaming channel I guess. It has low RPM. average RPM is about $3 (that means you get $3000 per 1mio views). If he got that screenshot from some video, it's probably from gaming channel talking about how much did he got from youtube.  And yes, there's no way for him to get that revenue, when some 'big youtuber' lost their channel, they will directly contact youtube, and usually youtube recover their channel in days. so there's no way for him to have time to wait 2 months (since youtube pay you 20 days later from the running month) to change the adsense (so the money goes to his adsense acc), and then receive the money. so him talking about he got xx million dollars is bullshit, especially when he ask you $100.
I initially thought "Wow! The audacity of this guy" but then realised he had absolutely no idea who you were and what it is you do. It really does prove that NOBODY is immune from these parasites. All it takes is for a lucky coincidence and a momentary lapse of concentration/clarity. Glad to see you back up & running.
Man, I had just watched one video of yours right before this happened (I just discovered you and was binge-watching all of your videos) I took a break, and a couple hours later your channel had disappeared and I was like wtf, then I saw your tweet which you had sent out just seconds before I saw it. It was wild the fact that I experienced the confusion as it was happening. Anyway, good to have you back and on to bingeing some more.
It's scary how easy it is. We all need to stay vigilant.
When the situation is just right anything can happen. I’m glad you’re back
Shocking story
Glad you are back 👏👏👏, At first I thought it was revenge from one of the scam centers you exposed but no it was just a freak accident.
ey Jim.. I hope you can help me.. I accidentally turned off the DSDS button on my phone, and now i can't turn it back on coz its gone. Now there's only one sim card slot working on my phone. what should i do with it?  help please! 😭
Let him that thinks he is standing beware that he does not fall. 1 Corinthians 10:12. All’s well that ends well and put it down to experience Jim. Thank you.
This whatsapp chat was more like a therapist conversation than busting a scammer, you were way too friendly, it almost felt like you were making friends with him lol
You’re back!!! I thought you were doing some undercover work and needed to erase some history so you couldn’t be found and make your channel into a normal looking channel for a big scam thing you were busting.
I have never got scammed ever, crazy how the anti scam guy gets scammed.
I’m sorry that you went through this, that must’ve been very frustrating. However I’m glad that you got your channel back. I fell for a scam, a computer scam where I was scammed $200 to have my computer fixed. Definitely learned that lesson. And that lesson was from my dad, that Microsoft or Apple will not know or call you about people getting into your computer, if I worded that correctly.
Good it's back jesus. Didn't even know all of this happened
The thing that should've given it away is that Google messaged you before deleting your account
Jim I am glad you are back and what you say takes me back maybe not on your level, going back when I first had complecation on my computer I got a call from microsoft.  They was just guessin I know no as my computer was going very,  very slow, sometimes asking that one extra question does the trick as at this time I wasn't aware of scams.  The technician spokle to me and I said my laptop was very slow, after a short while he said he needed to connect to my computer have remote access, this was in 2015 so it was a little different then remote access they took one through some commands so scamming as been going a long time, I got to the last function and some how got suspicious but still believed he was from Microsoft, I aked him if I could do it from my end without giving hime the access, he made the biggest mistake and called me a mother------, I told him to get lost not that polite and put phone down on him.  Very, very close so yes these scammers are very dangerous and destroying a good thing, I am glad you didn't lose you channel because I have only just subscribed.  Mike
I guess scammers are finding new ways to get rid of people that are trying to stop them. Scary thought.
Welcome back, Jim. Time for payback for those scumbags!
Good on you posting this video about what happened. It's scary that anyone can fall for these if they're not careful. Glad you got your channel back, I and many others would miss your videos if you were gone for good.
I work in a school and it's disgusting the number of scam emails we receive from google accounts!
You of all people! 🤦‍♀️ Glad you're back.
Let's hear it for Christopher at YouTube. I like the cut of your jib, good sir.
The humility of Jim is wonderful that he isn't too proud to show his mistakes so that others can learn, and help others feel better about falling for scams. Much respect Jim, keep up the good work.
One takeaway from this is that Google needs to work on their verbiage in the replacement process, to make it clearer which is the source and which is the destination.
Scary stuff. If anything is this more fuel for the flame in taking down scams. Glad you're back, and I hope it stays that way.
I have a question. Guys, last summer I was blasted on my recomended tab with bootleg episoeds of Family Guy, when I clicked on the channel, it looked like it was an actuall channel that was hacked/stolen and they started to upload this videos with tons of ads.  Did all that people fall for this? Or is it a different problem?
Welcome back Jim... the Irony knows no end... cheers
Not gonna lie.........when I saw Jim's channel down , and most all videos gone.......I threw out some cuss words. So glad you got this channel back up and running Jim!  Not just happy for you.....but happy for me , cause I dig your channel a bunch!
He made 2M dollars but was desperate to get a $100. Lmao! 🤪
It just goes to show that even the tech savvy among us can still be tricked some time.
I'm glad you have your channel back.
Jim needs someone to watch him so he isn't getting scammed.
Considering Turkey's economic situation, someone who has already earned $2 million would retire from life and live the rest of his time in peace like a king. BS he earned that much..
Good, you're back. Bloody scammers. Now, I think, they need a payback.
Dozy bugger !   No seriously , it just shows that we are all vulnerable, regardless of how many other people we see as 'more' vulnerable than ourselves.
he wasnt lying about the other channels he hacked:  Psyched Substance (with 3 mil subs) channels was deleted with the same method https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rslTtlD804
The funny thing is how these scammers reveal their lack of maturity. He has the skewed logic of a two-year-old revealed when he said that he was a millionaire and for some reason chose to continue doing the scams. 🙄 They do that all of the time, as if they are impressing us, when really they’re just revealing their lack of intelligence.
This is why you shouldn't mock scam victims, regardless of how proficient they are at anything, as it can catch anybody out.  Sorry you had to suffer through that Jim (et al), but good to know your account is okay now, for the most part
lmao you should of just not said anything about this, its embarrassing man
So good to see you back. You have been missed!
welcome back
He used an uppercase i for the l in google
Glad to see you back. hope you get the domain back also 🤞
The fact that the scammer said "I only need 100 dollars" is probably a dead giveaway that shows he doesn't make any money from stealing accounts.
Welcome back man, glad to know that you are ok
So glad it was brought back!! You and Pierogi are inspirations to people to get the word out there!!!
Rip
Thank goodness YouTube got your account back.
Anyone notice how they straight up lied about not being able to recover a deleted account?
Glad you're back!! Keep giving em' what for!
Sadly, my Facebook account got compromised earlier this year. The person used my account to buy Facebook ads, and within no time at all, some spam detection system noticed the weird activity and suspended my account, and notified me that it maybe got compromised. I went through all the steps to re-acquire the account and prove my identity, but Facebook never un-suspended my account. :-(  The worst part is they don't actually let you download your data once it gets suspended. They actually have a button to let you do that on the account suspension page, but the button doesn't work. And there's no such thing as a Facebook support team. That's 8 years of photos and memories gone.
Hahahahahha
This is why sloth (or laziness) is the best of all sins It’s because it won’t allow you to commit any of the other sins
Everyone Gangsta until Jim Browning gets scammed
Welcome back, Holy shit, saw this on SomeOrdinaryGamers.
Well Jim. This is goddamned frightening. We are in an arms race. Us versus the scammers. And they just went from lame to pretty convincing. Good on you to tell this story.   I hope Google closes the google.com exploit here.
welcoe back
Very happy to see you're back! Honestly, the message of "it can happen to anyone" really hits me now, knowing that it happened to you. Thanks for all you do!
HE'S BACK!
Glad to see you back Jim. You are correct; if they can get YOU they can get anyone. The lesson is vigilance. I almost fell for a phishing e-mail at work one time when were were being bombarded with attacks and it was only the curious nature of a couple of circumstances that kept me from making a mistake. Had I been busy and/or inattentive it would have worked for the scammer. Vigilance toujour Vigilance
Legend is back
Google/YouTube: "Dont ever use bad words on our platform, if you do, our bots will auto-delete your messages without warning. Also, no bad words or images on your uploaded videos. All of this is oFfEnSIvE CoNTenT!" Also Google/YouTube: "Yeah you can have whatever username you want and of course you can have google(dot)com handles. You can even have YouTube Support as your username. We dont see anything wrong with all that!"  And then you wonder why people think you're g@rb@ge, Google/YT.
Glad you got your channel back!  Now that you are a "Brand account" you will never be able to livestream with a GoPro lol!!!
I wouldn't of even acknowledged that email in the first place.  At the most all google/youtube would of done IF there was an issue is SUSPEND the channel and in NO way delete it.  Well at least you got your shit back and a massive attention racket.. which by the looks of the amount of comments already is cha ching...
Legend has it if you drink yorkshire tea you can sense his presence
Damn, scammers are getting very advanced and now it seems we need to adapt - *fast.*
Wow! that’s crazy!
What if, like in animes, that scammer's life long dream is to scam you Jim? And when he was able to do that and you noticed his accomplishments, he can now die in peace with a smile on his face? 😂😂😂 I should get some sleep.
Seems like I found something similar to the screenshot sent in Google Chat about revenue from YouTube Studio, should be from TubeBuddy, here is a shorts video that demonstrated something like that, just not the same revenue https://youtube.com/shorts/csFmbLXvkUE?feature=share
Report:mans channel gets unfairly killed,hates scammers to much to stay dead
Same shit happend to mr spiffing brit
Cool. I didn't need to re-sub. I'm still subbed through all that.
Good advice and very glad you recovered. When I saw that "We" was incorrectly capitalized I would have been 99.99%  sure it was a scam.  Large corporations simply do not make those errors in their scripts.
Well, i was still thankfully and got this in time. That’s crazy how he almost scammed an anti scammer channel and seemingly not knowing too much about the content the irony is insane. Glad you got it back though!
2.5mill and he's got a Samsung a50? Unless it's a burner phone. Not even an S Range.
Also Jim you ever thought about doing video backup?
Up next "Jim Browning tracked the scammer down and sold his information on the dark web"
I think the screenshot could be from a video the YouTuber Graham Stephan. He's made 3 -- "How much I make with 1 million Subscribers", and the same for 2 and 3 million subscribers
Jim 13:30 when he showed you a screen of the channel ad rev, he could have just edited the HTML like they do in the GC banking scam
I have remained subscribed, but my notifications bell had changed from 'all' to 'personalized'.  I note that on the data he showed you for one of the accounts he'd hacked (where he earned $16k+), over that period, the channel lost 2/3 of its subscribers...
Logic on these social media platform, they don't want do the hard work unless there's huge amount of complaints
Only scam that almost got me was the ms support file assoc one until they wanted remote access lol
You should get an Odysee account.
Glad to see you back Jim
probably the biggest giveaway that it was a scammer was that a Google/Youtube rep approached you to solve an issue
Yikes there are a lot of holes in google services that allow people to send what looks like official emails these days. Always check which google service an email came from and think twice whether google would actually contact you this way.
10:31 at this point I would make a joke: Send me $100 and I'll tell you, PAYPAL
I just found out about you a few days ago , glad you got your channel back dude. 🤘
Good scam. Off topic - I think half the problem (typical of Google) are these ambiguous processes, that don’t clearly spell out their intended use or outcomes
WHAT IF JIM ACTUALLY DID THIS ALL ON PURPOSE SO HE CAN REVILE THE NEW SCAM CALL CENTEER.. WITHOUT THEM KNOWING. since they watch his ch.
DUDE. They came after you!! They targeted you. They sent their best.
I admire and respect your humility and transparency. Thank you so much for being so helpful and allowing people to see that it can even happen to those who are used to looking out for scammers.💗
If YouTube "support" responds to you in under a day thats an automatic red flag considering they take forever to solve even the simplest of problems
If they were targeting you directly (spear phishing) the 2FA may not have saved you if via SMS. A coordinated SIM swap attack would have gotten them the ability to 2FA via SMS. Phone companies have next to no account security and will happily move your number to a new SIM with very few easy questions. SIM swaps are very common attacks.
14:20 instead of this grabbify thing he could have helped him change his life
I'm glad you were able to get your channel back.  It goes to show that even the best of us can be attacked from time to time.  I hope that criminal gets what's coming to him.
I find it funny that a scam buster got scammed himself really shows how anyone can get scammed
Scary, wow. I only got these news when I saw pierogi's video. I have also fallen for a scam in real life before, thinking I was oh so smart and that it couldn't happen to me. I literally signed a contract to someone knocking on my door who I let into my apartment. If anyone had told me this I would've shaken my head, thinking why the hell would you fall for this?? But just like here they were so professional looking and convincing that I believed them until they were gone and I had time to think about it. I'm glad you're back! I also hope youtube/Google will solve this security issue soon!
I am a little surprised you fell for this but I suppose everyone has a bad day. Glad you got your stuff back
I just wanted to thank you so much. I actually saved my coworker from a social security/identity theft scam yesterday! She was on the phone with them in the training room when I came in and overheard their conversation. If I hadn't watched videos like yours and Kitboga I probably would have minded my own business and left her alone thinking it was an important call. So thank you!
Almost fell for a steam support scam until they asked for a verification code, but not a password or anything else I assumed they had my password so I changed it afterwards.
i am still subbed without having to resub
Not even jim is safe from scammers stay safe everyone
He may have got that screenshot from "Original Dobo" who reviews drone tech but did a video on making money from YouTube as a career.
That scammer is most definitely watching this video he could be any one of us
*Hey you, you're finally awake.*
So, the scammers finally got compotent. It would be great to see what the other side of THIS scam looks like.
Google needlessly pretending they can't restore your YouTube account 😑
Jim I got half way through the video and I can't. I just can't. I'm just to sad about this. Know your fans have your back!💖💖 I will watch this when I am in a different state of mind. MUCH love and respect A loyal fan: maddie
so you're just a human after all? made me appreciate what you do even more!!!
The end credit must be DIRECTED BY ROBERT
Answer my call, phishing bots!
This video was the first indication anything had happened to your channel, and it appeared in my subscriptions just like any video from your channel, so I did not need to resubscribe.
I didn't need to resubscribe, i was before and still is, so youtube carried that one through. However, i can easily see how such a transition might cause loose-pointer-type errors or some such, and cause a bunch of people to become un-subscribed. Having that message there is just a sound precaution.
I’m very happy you got your channel back! I would’ve had a heart attack when I saw I deleted my account if it ever did get big.
Nice to have you back man!
That's crazy, glad they didn't get you. Keep up the good work!
Woah, so THAT's what a competent scammer looks like
I can't believe the bastards got ya..👍✌💚👊
Mein Gott... the scammers, they're evolving.
The YT earnings screenshot can easily be faked by just editing the HTML in the browser, like they do with bank account transfer scams.
Man i'm sorry this happened to you Jim it really is scary how convincing scammers are these days and even the most trained eyes can be fooled. I'd actually feel down and depressed if your channel got deleted because i love your channel and your content and you're a great guy. I'm glad you realized it was a scam and managed to get your channel and all of it's content back.
I clicked on this video and it still says I'm subscribed so no worries Jim.
Pats head, don't blame yourself too much it's actually pretty cool how you bounced back from that
Very interesting video, thank you for sharing with us despite what must have been a fairly embarrassing and uncomfortable situation for you. It's scary how easy it can be to get caught off guard!   I do wonder if the person didn't know 2SA as it's mostly called 2FA but still, would be odd to not work it out from what is being said, though I do know that they can be broken quite easily now. I mean heck the PrintNightmare is proof that we really have no control over our devices, we can only do our best to make as hard as possible to make it so we aren't targeted/ worth the effort. Though he clearly was bluffing for the majority. Really pleased to see you back Jim.
Thank you for raising the awareness and its time to shutdown some scammers. Welcome back Jim😎
This is like bacteria becoming immune to certain antibiotics after generations of exposure
This happened to “the spiffing Brit” also
I'm just going to throw this out there: a good indication that this was a phishing attack is the fact that the sender only said "Hi". Normally a legit sender would know the name of the recipient, while a general greeting would be a scam. Occasionally scammers may know your name (being associated with your email address) from previous security breaches, so don't fall for that either.
Lmao how did the scammer fall for grabify
I'm anti-spam admin and I try to teach my peers about these attacks and they don't care to understand it.
This is an insanely advanced scam. The villain is getting smarter due to natural selection
That sucks but glad that YT restored your channel! Wonder if small channels would have been helped?
Yeah that adsense money screenshot is from a video
We have troubles with syrians here in Turkey. F*ck it!
plot twist the scammer actually works at youtube and he recovered your channel for you
I don’t like that you supported that scammers market validation
Hey Jim, I’m selling the Br00klyn bridge. Would you interested in purchasing it?
BTW I'm still subscribed. Never trust domains, in the early 2000's scammers used to use foreign characters that look the same to register other domains in their name and this had happened to Google.
I feel this was a personal attack maybe? Or they are focusing on certain channels they want gone?
Sweeeet ! 👍 😉  Goes to show how easy people get had ! Glad you are ok Jim ! Looking forward to seeing more content ! Stay alert everyone  !
Ok, I'm not a channel/creator but I never trust any email really. I think the punishment for this should be buckshot to the knees and then a swimming contest.
9:33 didn't knew palpatine starting doing scams
Glad you're back. Be more careful bud, we'd hate to lose 'ya :)
Let me get this straight: counter-scammer actually gets scammed, still manages to counter-scam the scammer.
This was your best video yet, I didn't get any of the drama so this was just a great story.
This is so funny, being your whole thing is to catch scammers! Cmon man! Happy it’s back up.
This is eye-opening. Glad you got your channel back. I didn't have to re-subscribe but had to re-set the notification bell to "ALL".
Hi, your invite link to your Discord sever seems invalid/exired.
I knew you wouldn't be gone long; you are Jim Browning. The scammer was really good at his craft and it's easy to see how he got you. It's great that you made this video to explain everything so people know how this scam works. There's a new one around every corner and it's so hard to do anything with out thinking we're being scammed. You can't click on any mail on the phone or computer with out scrutinizing it for a while first to make sure it's safe.What a world! (*!*)
muğla çık aradan muğla
great to have you back, it seems the spiffing brit got caught too by the same scammer
Glad ypu got it all sorted.  Maybe one those curses a past scammer laid on you came to pass. 🙂  Still, an example for us all.  Never let your guard down.
I know of at least one small YouTuber who fell for this.
This also happened to a prominent channel “The Spiffing Brit”. He tweeted that YouTube was fixing the issue but it’s scary how this can happen to anyone.
Jim, your the best. Glad to see you back !
That was most sophisticated phishing.
good to see you back brotha, i love your content and i'm glad you didnt lose your account absolutely
no wonder men. turkey people is indeed so good with social media stuff, they own like 95% of the smm improvisation panels/tools like follower, subs, views, etc. and the majority of smm market is controlled by turky not india.
Jim Browning asking whether this scam actually works. Kinda KEKW but understandable, I don't know what I'd do in that situation. 8:36 Glad to see that this turned out to be ok.
Not going to lie, I'm kind of disappointed that you fell for this.
This dude has lost all credibility.
There's always a bigger fish - Qui-Gon Jinn
Had no idea you were even gone but glad to see you back :)
There's a similar scam on Steam, it starts with one of your friends who's already fallen for it messaging you saying they "accidentally reported you for duped items" if they get a response they give you a link to one of the scammer's profiles who's posing as a steam admin, any real admin will have a badge on their profile, these guys don't. They'll then proceed to try to get all of your account details to login, after they've hijacked your account they'll attempt the same thing with your friends on your friends list as well as taking any valuable items in your backpack. They'll try to use fear of account deletion to ensure cooperation and if they don't get it they just stop talking to you and/or try to get rid of the account if they have enough access, please don't fall for this one like I did.
I'm YouTube. I have 8 years of experience in YouTube.   So YouTube has 8 years of experience in YouTube. Just like the floor here is made of the floor
wait so why didn't the brand account have all your videos?
Crazy. I assumed it was one of them India scammers taking revenge.
I am receiving these type of emails from my own company domain with addresses don’t even exist. Like hr@domain admin@ email domain is no longer reliable.
Glad your back!
Yep, Jim's right. I nearly got taken in myself. Only when it came to entering my credit card information did I pause and consider that what the fraudsters were offering was too good to be true. Sure enough, a little Googling showed that this company had an online reputation for posing as people's power company and offering "sweet deals" as a reward for their loyalty.  Glad you're back, Jim! Keep on Rocking!
If you can be scammed. That means anyone can be, and just shows how dangerous scammers are.
RIP Spiffing Brit
Thank god he is back
Fortunately enough, I still remained subscribed to your channel despite this little faux pas.
Just think if these folks would use their efforts for GOOD!
So happy your back dude, what happened was absolutely disgusting
13:10 this just makes me want to be a YouTuber even more
Yikes
Only half way in but I’m so sorry and angry this happened to you (and others!)
Scammers can now hide their “from” address, via gmail at least, you cant see who the original email was sent from on your phone, but on a computer you can click the arrow next to the email address and you will see their original email. Hope this helps someone
They must despise you so much that they had to go this extreme. Scammers are clever cockroaches with no ethics. You beat them at their own game. Kudos to you!
…I didn’t even know your channel got deleted. Good job mate, and good job YouTube.
My good sir. I'm glad you have your channel back. If you were gone that would be terrible. The world needs the like of you! Keep saving the world.
Everyone makes Jim. Even me. Keep doing what you're doing. You're inspiring people to fight against scammers. Even inspiring me to go into cybersecurity.
I didn't know any of this had happened, but I'm still subscribed, glad it worked out!
Thank God you're back!
Welcome back Jim!
Jim is back!
Jim: YouTube will decide your fate Scammer: I AM YouTube!  Edit: Why are there so many bots currently? Dafuq? Whats happening. Currently you can't find a single video where no bot posts some shit in the comments. WHEN I WANT TO SEE P*** I CAN SEARCH FOR IT MYSELF, THANKS!
Scammers on that quick screen shot game for that official YT script.  Be more cautious everyone. We all can be made vulnerable stay vigilant.
I remember trying to look up his account the day it happened and was going: "Wait, WTF? Where's Jim?"  Now I know what happened.
Whomever did that to you is a true scumbag and deplorable. I hope life deals them a load of pain.
I really hope this video gets the most views of your channel so not only do they lose out in scamming, but your explanation gains you plenty of revenue
i cant be the only one that finds this incredibly funny, right? the scam killer getting scammed? thats some funny shit lol
The irony of trying to scam one of the best anti-scammers around... I'm so glad everything worked out, I can't believe 8 years of work was almost gone in an instant
If he owned an account like that he would not be scamming lol.
But most of your videos are not listed any longer
please tell me your next video is issuing some payback to this dude :)
no matter how good you are you can still slip up and i heavily respect how he showed us his little slip up
so glad that this is resolved. good to have you back. scammers lose once again
I remember last year, quite a few smaller channels got stolen. Channels like Brothgar, Tod's Workshop, etc. After they were stolen, they all got converted into channels about cryptocurrencies or some such, can't remember exactly. Now I'm wondering if this is one of many ways those channels got stolen.
Jim. 👍😃
you should do a collab with the other jim browning and use his music over a video of yours.
OMG man.
Glad you could get everything back, Jim!
Did you really get scammed ? Wtf I thought the whole video was sarcastic from the moment you mentioned the email address. Am I stupid
SpiffingBrit got tricked by the same thing, thankfully it seems you can come back from this!
A scammer who has learned something but luckily not enough, it is dangerous out there, but this ended well wow.
That scared me so much when I thought that you were banned. I later saw mutahars video and I was a bit more calm
What do you think of U2F, especially regarding Ubikeys and do you use them?
Something similar happened to me. I was busy with work and received a call from person saying my card was expiring. And coincidentally my card from that bank was expiring. So I went ahead and said yes I would like to apply for a new card. That's when he said I don't need to apply for a new card and can have this one extended. Immediately setting off scam-alert alarms in my head. Because I am a bit tech savvy, I got saved, but had it been otherwise I could have been scammed of all my savings.
Look at how they massacred my boy😢
Him bragging about having a 6mil and 3mil channel might actually be correct - SpiffingBrit, a fairly large youtuber with over 2mil subs, got hit with this scam recently
VICTORY SCREECH!!
It's good to see so many scam baiting legends on one video
spiff's channel is now deleted.
You got kinda hacked I heard from SOG.
At least your resentment for scammers has grown stronger making your revenge more fruitful
Glad you are back. Just proves we arent perfect... so welcome back Mr. Browning, we missed you!
I'm just tickled that this Turkish Syrian had no idea who you were and how many scammers would love to have been in his position. I can only imagine how jealous they are after watching this one.
Glad you made it back!
Sometimes I see people post comments on scam videos saying things like "How could anyone be stupid enough to fall for that?" or "If you fall for that scam you deserve it" and it gets me irritated. Maybe you wouldn't fall for that particular scam, but no one is an expert in everything, and no one is vigilant all the time, and there's someone out there who could say just the right thing at the right time to fool you. And when that happens, you shouldn't feel ashamed to talk about. Your experience can help others from falling for the same scam.
No, I'M Youtube!!!! I mean Spartacus!
even now I searched to check.. and i found your page... but daaaaaaamn that was scary indeed... you should have been too much aware of every minute detail you confront maybe that syrian no doubt is nothing but a young boy not even a man a man doesn't do his actions... I feel pity for his parents though.. he says he gets millions from stealing and his own people are having problems there now with money and electricity... he is a demon in a human form don't feel sorry for him
Thank god you got your channel back
Glad you're back, Jim! Thank you for all you do!
They tried,but you can't mess with a MASTER!Glad your back.🤙👊
This is the best; It highlights one thing, we've all done it, that moment of intention, that moment that we click on the e-mail as we deal with that next task. Yes a really, really good warning to us all to maybe just take a bit longer, or just do one thing at a time. Thanks' Jim!
IAM SCARED OF THIS SCAM ... ESPECIALLY IF IT INCLUDES BANK ACCOUNTS
So happy you are back...
Just glad your back. Could end up being a good thing since this will for sure up the awareness for things like this
Same happened to me. They are very very convincing these days. so annoying. Glad you are back!
You misspelled greek, it didnt say turkey, it said greek, this is a nice greek and european scammer
Oh man, I didn’t even notice, glad you got your channel back.   Edit: Ayo anyone noticing these bots? (Check my replies)
Glad you’re able to bounce back from this. Keep up the good work man!
I am from Turkey and they can be from syria too bc there are so much immigrants from syria here in Turkey. But i do not think they own 2,5million DOLLARS bc in Turkey 1 dollar is 8,45 Turkish liras so they would have 21,125,000 liras which means they would not need any money for a lifetime. I was very curious to know who scammed you and was shocked to see they were from Turkey. I kinda hate that Turkish people are clever but in a bad way :/. Anyways I am happy that you got your youtube account back.
scary
I.e inside job
A mistake once in a while is expected from every human.  The clues you missed were quite subtle and few of us would have recovered at all.  Not only have you learned from your mistake, but you offered freely to teach the rest of us from it as well.
Welcome back Jim!
Welcome back, just goes to show everyone drops their guard at some point.
I often reply "almost anyone can be scammed with the right words at the right time" when I see the comment "how could anyone fall for something so dumb"? And I've been practically attacked for saying so. Scam*ers will put out thousands of robocalls, emails, texts and posted profiles every month hoping to grab a handful of people who are desperate, depressed, lonely, distracted or disabled  and WILL find a victim. It's a numbers game and it works. We're all glad things are OK Jim. And on the brightside, the other Jim Browning, (musician and song writer) has many new subscribers and friends. All the best..💙😊Diana
A hard to believe story. If I rename my channel isn't the same effect, other people will see it like deleted?
RIP Spiffing Brit 😢
Yep. I've seen a similar kind of attack, only they were able to steal  Ad revenue. These kind of attacks always come from Russia. Those guys are pretty sophisticated.
You literally have a tech support scams icon on your screen name hahaha
The spiffing brits channel is "deleted" and he has around6m subs. I sont think the scammer was lying
Wow! 😯
You're a modern day 21st Century "Equaliser" of the Net . Keep up the good work you do against the on-line thieves
YOU’RE BACK! I was so worried!
So glad you are back Jim and able to do your great work. I knew I hadn't seen anything recently but didn't realize there was a problem until I watched Pierogi's recent episode. Love you guys and keep up the good work. I share a lot of your guys' videos to protect others from being victims and let them know about your guys' channels.
This happened very recently to a channel called “Psyched substance” or “psyched” as it’s been changed to because of the issues.
Kinda interesting to see what kinds of people watch Jim.  Welcome back
wow Jim nice to see you back glad you was able to get things sorted love your content it shows we all need to have are EYE wide Open and not take anything at face value
That last part tho lmaooo
I am so glad you are back... I personally didn't need to re-subscribe.
Glad you're back. Karma's a bitch and this scammer will get his soon.
this is just insane
Glad things worked out, hope to see you for a long time.
good news. I just tried searching for your channel from google and YouTube and it came up with your channel both times. I hope that other Jim Browning made good use of the unexpected bump while it lasted.
Glad you have your channel back. It's amazing the scammer had no idea who he was taking on. Sophisticated enough scam too. Thankfully you wised up to it before it was too late. Hopefully he's satisfied with his 2.5 million..
It may be from Gram Stephans or something. He's a financial advisor/investor on Youtube, and I remember seeing a ss like that!!
Nice greek scammer
Literally, after watching this video, I found out that The Spiffing Brit channel was deleted by probably the same scam, a couple of hours ago. https://twitter.com/TheSpiffingBrit/status/1421189933172146178
And ill leave a comment to help
So pleased for you Jim. It’s amazing that you have got your channel back & that you are in control of it. Thanks for all the information & advice you have given in this & all you videos. You are an absolute legend & you are a force to be reckoned with. Stay safe ❤️
If they can get Jim NONE of us are safe
Watching because the spiffing brit got deleted. F
I read this on International News!!
Youtube sux
Fun fact: if you click on Jim's channel and sort videos by most popular, it says "this channel has no videos
surprised that the scammer actually helps out when you know its a scam? surely he thinks someone who wont pay the scam money is not worth their time and leave him with the damage
Well that was scary
Welcome back Love.
"even the best fall down sometimes"
Now I want everyone to not judge those who get fooled by the scammers. Don't call the people who happen to be hoodwinked by a scammer ... stupid or ignorant. Listen to their situation and what state of mind they were in before they slipped and let the scammer WIN. Because even the most savvy person can have an off day, even a vigilant person like Jim Browning can slip up.
JIM I WAS WATCHING ONE OF YOUR VIDS AND IT SAID YOU DELETED YOUR CHANNEL AND I WAS SO SAD BRO IM SO HAPPY UR BACK
He lives!
The Instructions are unlikely to have been 'Ironically the same' - During the vid you said he claimed to have 'been with Google for seven years'. Surely this is more than coincidence and he has given away more about himself to track him down? :) I really hope so cos a trilogy is on the cards
I have a seen a few of your videos, its better than any tv show, and its scary to see that there is always someone out there that is a step ahead of everyone.
Sounds like this just happened to The Spiffing Britt. A gaming centered channel.
i fell for the face book email scam  but i did get my account back
You handled the whole situation very well.
Can’t believe it
I wonder if you were targeted because of your work or just by coincidence.
One thing i learned is that if you see a scammer type a typo (no matter how small the misspelling can be) immediately ask them to repeat the question again and if is the same exact typing from the last then its obviously a nonenglish person, so easy to spot on
Have you pinged Google about the fault in their security that let the scammer be so effective? I mean, knowing Google, they probably won't respond, but still...
This is horrible, but it will bring much comfort to people who were scammed and are squirming in their own personal hell at their misjudgments. Thank you for being so brave and welcome back.
the spiffing brit 😭
glad you back man!
just trying to help out, glad your back
If you strike Jim down, he will become more powerful than you can possibly imagine. Viva JB!
You should have asked him his thoughts on the Armenian Genocide since he was in Turkey
I mean, if they got you...this whole thing becomes scarier for us normie users.  Need to watch this multiple times.   Thank goodness it's all fine now, greetings Jim.
Wow! If Jim can get scammed, we ALL have to be far more diligent!
Welcome back! So happy you got your account back!
It's really good to see you back Jim! It goes to show that anybody can be a victim. Life is a serious of events that can be entwined with one another and the events in this case of not paying enough attention was at a time of dealing with a well crafted email. I hope nobody else thinks they wouldn't have fallen for it, as that complacent thought makes you a prime target.
Ironic.
Just happened to the Spiffing brit :(
Can't believe the other Jim Browning stole the url
He saved so many from scamms yet he wasn't able to save himself, still you are  a legend
Never trust an email, domain's can be spoofed it's happened to Google before. Always go directly to the site, never use a link. Still I can understand how that happened, so brazen.
The master becomes the student...?  Interesting take and glad you shared it with us Jim. Glad to have you back!
Glad you got your channel back. I’m still getting notifications from your channel so I don’t have to search it on YouTube I guess.
Glad you're back sorry to hear this happened. Can you release the name and contact information of the person who did this?
😀👍
Im good, still subscribed
Can't belive some one like you could get scamed
*Jim! I can't believe you've done this!*
"What do you mean by real support? I'm Youtube" it's actually a really good argument
I was litterally trying to find you good to know you’re back
The syntax and missing punctuation alone would have put up read flags, you must have really had an off day. I would have also liked to seen the full headers, anyone anytime anywhere can put any domain on any email they want, always been like that, there is somethings called S/MIME, DKIM and SPF that can be looked at for authenticity, hence why I'd like to have seen the complete headers. Glad you're back though. 18:54 why would you show this, you just helped those kind of scammers get better.
Another YouTuber I watch called PsychedSubstance (who makes drug education/harm reduction videos) fell for this exact same scam.    Luckily he got his channel back aswell though.
I’m happy for you Jim. You’ve worked so hard all this time to makes us aware of cunning people like this. Thank you for your awesome work.
ey Jim we love you
Glad your back Jim, this shows that even someone who stops scams can be scammed.
Glad you got your channel back. It definitely was shocking to hear you had your channel deleted. I personally check with my MCN to make sure everything is on the up in up. As sometimes I'll contact YouTube or Google directly to be double sure.
Them clever fuks ... Too bad your #1 ...
Even superheros have their drawbacks ...
happens to the best of us, that how we learn, we make mistakes, glad you got it all back.
Woaaah…..this one I did not see coming…..🥺🥺
Well they had their reasons, cuz Jim spreads education so..
Legit so glad you're back 😃😃😃
Jim got scammed , how ironic lmao what a dumb
The power of spell check .... I can see how you where thrown off the scent tho.... as you know the human brain is excellent at recognising patterns,  and there was no usual tell tale signs, the other lack of basic spelling,  or grasp of the English language that the Jim browning brain subconsciously recognises.....I imagine it's quite humbling and a steep learning curve ..... the scammer wasn't clever or cunning...... why ?  1,  he chose you to try it on Jim Browning .. 2, he spoke fluent-ish English ....  the weak link was you and whatever distracted you..... that humility you feel will lead to enlightenment which will make you a Jim browning 2.0 because he basically invoked a passion  equivalent to a mother bear protecting her cubs.......  may even chuckle about it one day... and physically whisper a thankyou to him ......
"He had no idea what my channel was about"....didn't notice that you literally have an icon that says Tech Support Scams
Welcome back Jim glad to see you back!!! Keep up the awesome work.
OMG that was worse than JAws..... we are going to need a bigger channel :(   But well done and hope the channel continues!¬!
My support for you: i just subscribed to your Channel.
Yeah actual garbage google support is. My mom bought a google play gift card for me. Completely lugit card m8. They said i couldn't redeem it due to "inconsistoncies on my account" so fucking bad.
I love you, Jim, but the irony is delicious.
even professionals make mistakes sometimes.
I don't think he's lying about the Syrian part. Lots of refugees and immigrants from Northern Syria have moved to Turkey.  God I fucking hate youtube comment bots
Cuddles to all
if he actually did get someones account, youtube might be able to see the same statistics as that guy and find out who's channel was stolen
Yeah, I'll be un-subscribing. Nothing personal. Little bastard Pierogi scammed me out of 10 dollars. He got the money. I never received item. When told and told about it he would either do "lmao" or block me. YouTube refunded my money. Like I say it's only because of your affiliation.
One of the big problems here is that there is literally _no way_ to talk directly to someone at Google / YouTube on the phone or even via an online chat.  It's unbelievable just how little customer service they have.
Glad your back i have learned how a scammer speaks and even trolled them by coming up with a clever name for a fake business to even tell them that theyre a scammer like for an example: Scam Help Hot Line, where I know you scam people
I didn't have to resub. Yey
It's possible that he is from Syria. Many syrians have moved to Turkey since the war. Also his English seems like translated from Arabic using Google translator.
This must have been very scary and defining. After all that, I respect your commitment and humility to come out with this instead of pretending it never happened like many would out of shame. Good job 👏but I do hope that Jim Browning² benefits from this in some way (:
The lesson here is that people who fall for scams aren't stupid. A scammer just has to be convincing enough. Glad you're channel is back!
This is scary stuff.  If the scam buster can be scammed, then the attacks are getting quite sophisticated.  It reminds me of deepfake technology, where any major prominent person can be shown saying absolutely anything.  It still doesn't look QUITE right, but it's pretty convincing if you're not sure what to look for, or are easily fooled.  Deepfake technology is legitimately terrifying.  Legitimate wars could arise over someone believing something that they see, when it wasn't true to begin with.  Absolutely terrifying.
They didn't even use proper punctuation.  Dead giveaway.  How can you miss that?
When I saw your tweet about this I was blown away, I know Muta received a similar email as well. Welcome back Jim, I am very happy youtube was able to actually help. Keep doing what you do best
Jim! We all love you and will keep supporting you! Hope you're okay now. I love your video's and what you do for people. Please never stop! Until all the scammer's are gone we'll have to fight them. Keep up the great work and stay safe!
Glad you got it back. The call centre at the end looks like Tech Live connects
Congrats on getting your channel back!
Jokes on them I don’t read any emails   Last time I checked I had 14,000 unread emails
Hey i love Your work and commitment but its kind of funny that someone scamed the person that expose scamers :)
Why were you recording your screen during the interaction? Or is it a reenactment?
The sad part of this is, if this happens to smaller channels, say, less than 10,000 subs, nobody will do anything
I can continue binge watching! Yay!
Yay your back
Trick the trickster
Come on, you shoulda known youtube would never have such a good support chat. Completely unrealistic right there
When you are a professional you get sluggish let that be a lesson to everyone
Even Batman can have a bad day.  So glad you're back, and armed with new intel!
Glad you could get your channel back! Hopfully this should serve as a cautionary tale that not everyone is safe from scamming, and given the circumstances, can fall for a scam.
Really glad to have you back Jim, I'm sure we are about to see some scammers lives ruined, since this would've really impacted you, I'm ready and so is everybody else. 🐐👑
All the top commenters be like:  ☑☑☑☑
The champ is here
Jim hey bud what if I was tell you I am in need of your or someone that could help me in finding out who or whom is the ones.thay are breaking into my place and put stuff into my RV Tanka and trying to pull stuff as if they have money to burn as it is right now they just some how stoled my key to my RV some how soon am in need of some assistance as into catching these folks in the cyber game they are playing with me and one is that they need to be knocked down and I am wanting be reimbursed for everything they are doing right now and sent to prison as well so how about  it Jim help me out cool I ve been after them for some years now. I'll tell you all about this ordeal if you can help out cool thanks Dan
Just commenting for the algorithm x3
Wow, that is really scary
They tried to do this to SomeOrdinaryGamers who covered this scam himself
I'm happy everything turned out okay, Jim. When Pierogi's live stream said it was about you and I found out you'd been deleted, I thought wow how good were these guys that you got Jim? Do you think that this guy is bragging how close he got to getting your money? That might be a way to find him. Some commenters are saying that this person didn't know who you are. I thought you were legendary in the scammer world. Do you think he didn't know you, just saw your total subscribers and said yeah that's a good one?
Damn  Jim Almost got scammed This happens to everyone i'm sick of people making fun of scam victims because even someone who's job is baiting scams can be a victim
Jim Browning - shredding the game since 1991 top man
I'm so glad that you got your channel back. Now that we've seen that this scam exists, hopefully fewer YouTubers will fall for it.
Glad to see you back online.  I did not have to resubscribe.  Thanks for the insight on these matters.
IM YOUTUBE 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
If he was asking you for 100$ doubt these screenshots are his
What benefit do these idiot scammers get from these anyway? Scammers deserve a special place in hell.
When you make a God bleed.
holy shit ruin all scammers
glad to see your back, justice paid and everything right in the end, also a small note don't think people have to resubscribe, some might have to but others might get the notification
Boomer Jim falling for a phishing scam. His grandson should have been there to take care of him and explain computers to him.
I can imagine the adrenaline that was going through your body once you figured it out. Love your channel
Even the best of us make mistakes Welcome Back.
Ok but now we're just waiting for the sequel where Jim completely destroys everyone even tangentially involved in this. It's personal now
That's a bloody good scam. I am affraid when guys from India get this good we will be doomed. Anyway, it's good to see You back.
the tiger is back...... to kick some scammers a$$
Fantastic news and welcome back!  My respect for you (which was already huge btw) has been increased by the totally honest way you have explained this scam including your own reactions.  There but for the grace ... go us all.
glad your back jim
It seems you don't have to re-subscribe. I still have displayed "SUBSCRIBED". Google tech support probably rolled this one back too.
I’m still subscribed !
You stumble over just once and the lucky f***er was waiting right there with a club in hand.  Glad the damage wasn't permanent - but it goes to show that these asshats will try anything.
This happened to Jim himself. None of us are safe.
Oh that’s exactly what just happened to psyched substance
Glad you’re back.
Unreal. Jim is such a pro that even after falling victim to a scam, his focus doesn’t just go straight to fixing it, he starts looking into the scam itself. It’s like a detective solving a crime he was the victim of.
Had me scared glad your back
Yep..this was a smart scammer…not indian one🙄..i am indian btw
damn this is crazy. glad it all worked out.
Yes timing is critical, whenever I have screwed up its been because of a chain of circumstances and distractions. Glad your channel was made whole again
Jim, honestly, that was just a 'WTF' moment.  It just proves, as your final few screens describe, absolutely anyone is fallible. Just so pleased you were able to retrieve your channel and its content. I have absolutely never heard you lose your temper, be rude, offensive or become enraged with any of these low-life. Major credit to you. Me, I am a fairly placid person, maybe a little too trusting, BUT.....OMG... I would not be able to keep a lid on it. Pure testament to your professionalism and for that I am really happy to support your channel via Patreon. Thank you, once again.
I am glad your back
Glad to have you back. I was scammed last year with the tinder crypto scam, lost 1200 USD. It was brand new scam where a girl can talk with you for weeks to gain trust before even doing the scam... as you said, everyone can be scamed under right circumstances
Jim, Jesus Christ! Glad you are back. Noticed that the other Jim Browning has your channel URL now (see his About page, /user/jimbrowning), and noticed that your channel's URL (see your About page /channel/###) is just a big random number. My YT channel has a /user/ under my About page. Maybe this is a setting that YT can help you setup or restore, or even setup as "realJimBrowning" sort of thing... ?! all the best and thanks much for your contributions!!
*_Thank you for sharing this Jim!_* You're delivering a strong message here & this video needs to be shown to anyone under the delusion of _"I can't be scammed"_ - ANYONE can be scammed given the right circumstances. We all have times that we've ignored the little voice in our head (that sounds an awful lot like Jim Browning!) and clicked _that_ link or handed over more info that we should - fortunately most of the time we get out unscathed. It must have been hideous thinking you'd lost all that work, so thank you for being prepared to share the full story for our benefit - glad you're back in fighting form 👍👍
So basically once they saw ur username...they knew they’d be next...so decided to take down the eyes n ears of cyberspace’s own anti-scam hero! Well like they say, hero’s rise again!🤟🏼
Glad your back Jim!
Scammers are already disliking
nO
Verrrry interesting...Hindsight, of course, but I take issue with your claim (or was it flattery?) that the scammer's English was good.  In the messages you posted, there are many punctuation errors and questionable grammar.  It's possible, but rare, for a legitimate site to make this many errors, so that should have been a red flag.  It all shows even the best and most cautious of us can be fooled.
It’s crazy how even the king of anti scams can still be fooled, that’s how advanced the scams are becoming
That email has everything to be suspicious as a scam/spear phishing attempt.
I contacted dream host and it seems they revoked the domainn
Well this guy got TheSpiffingBrits account, he has more than 2 million subs so there is some credit to his statement at 12:30
the scam buster got scammed
Phew, you’re back. I got really worried for a sec
The real culprits are the UI/UX team of YouTube for creating such a confusing interface
This guy really completed the boss level of scamming
Crap. There's no hope for is mere mortals then. Welcome back.
Anyone seen TeamViewer is the new sponsor of man utd lol
It was a matter of time before someone smart enough or, with said right circumstances, would attempt to scam you. I'm happy to see you're back on track and will continue your oustanding scam-hunt opera. Keep it on!
Hi there ! glad everything is okay :) no need to resub its still fine even notification.
What a story! So it definitely happens to the bests!
Very happy to see you’re back Jim. Keep up the good work!
I respect how he's forthcoming about being scammed himself. Even more so that he's one of the biggest names in online scams. You'd think he has seen it all and yet things like this can happen. No one is scam proof and we must remain vigilant.
Cant believe.. jim got scamed.. how ironic is this..
YouTube never deletes anything even if you have deleted stuff yourself. It's still on their servers. They've even given channel strikes based on deleted videos!
Hey Jim thanks for helping out the community!
I'm so happy you are back ❤ Now its time to get back to work and bring down some bad guys 💪🏼
Resubbed in a heart beat
Turkey has a lot of syrian refugees at the moment, this person is probably acting like one.
Glad everything worked out at the end.
Oh this really sucks. If you're going to keep on making videos you NEED to back up your videos.
I know a girl on here who had this happen and they took all of her adsense. It took her months to get it sorted out.
So pleased to see you back.
Holy crap I kept getting the same email, but ignored it because it didn't make sense! Glad to see you back budd.
Jim reacted in the best way possible, by uncovering the scammer! Taste of his own medicine eh
Much respect to you Jim.
so thats why
Glad to see you back.
Ironic... the scammer detector got scammed out of his channel
This is pretty scary and thanks for sharing as coming from you really means something.
The day your channel dropped, everyone was shocked to see that you had fallen victim to a scam. I’m absolutely shocked at how they can get a domain with @google for free and this is certainly a flaw in their system. This guy probably got promoted high up in the company that runs these scams for tricking the grandmaster himself
BRUH WHAT how are we the plebs supposed to not get scammed then
I feel we are screwed if he could catch Jim off guard !
2.5 million usd for making people send him 100$ per scam. That's a lot of scams lmfao.
Crazy thing, to scam a scam baiter, especially one who usually does major things like get people arrested for scamming
One thing the scammer may have been a little suspicious in, is in the first email. Honestly, why would they threaten with deletion of your channel without any warning? Usually Google lets you solve these kinds of problems yourself and with one or two buttons. What a scary situation it must've been. And what a coincidence that the situation fell together with you getting a new phone
Well I have always said, ANY of us are susceptible to a scam, it just depends on the person's own circumstances. So brave of you to put all this out there.  Just shows your integrity and trustworthy factor.    It also gives you another angle on your business that you hadn't identified before.  Maybe Spirit was just pushing you further to add an interesting avenue since you already had identified the other ones.  I hope you are able to see the good sides to this. <3   So glad you are back.  Welcome back brother <3   Say hi to Eire for me <3 ;)
I wonder how well the other Jim Browning is doing now? I cant seem to find his channel
well its still here so whatever they tried didn't work.
Damn..This was a very convincing scam 😳  I'm very glad that this channel was restored and that we can all learn from this video.
Yay! You're back! I cannot believe how sneaky that scammer was, tricked you into that, I am kind of shocked that Google/Youtube have not AI and detected that bs lies right there and stopped him or them in their tracks. Crazy! SOB scammers will pay for this!
Thank you for the video.
Wow! Crazy, thanks for sharing! Glad to have you back.
Back to like it never happened.
Re-subscribed.. glad you're back!
Noob
There is 3.6 milliom syrians in turkey beacuse of the war in syria and they are generaly poor and greedy that can be the reasom why he is doing this scumy things.
scamming is racist
anti-scam channel gets scammed. neat
Glad to see you back!
Glad you are back..
These people make me so angry I almost can't put it into words. The SO and I tend to cover each other's backs, I tend to know the technical size of things and he double checks shipping and mailing scams which I'm less familiar with. But I constantly worry about my mom, it would be absolutely devastating for her to get pulled into one of these and it feels like the methods scammers use these days are more and more advanced/less detectable. There are few people I loathe as much as people who pull this stuff.
He most probably isn't Syrian he is Turkish but there there is political rivalry between Turkey and Syria (as well as syrian rebel immigrants) so the scammer most probably is Turkish but lied pathetically trying to make Syrians look bad by pretending to be one.
I'm sure glad you got your channel back!  It is indeed a good reminder that anyone can be scammed given the right conditions.
So, yo got scammed. That's ironic, but I'm glad you fixed it ;-)
Great to have you back Jim. You do so much good against these scammers. I'll continue to support your efforts. Be well, be safe.
I think someone is going to pay for this, hope Jim takes the originators up on this scam. My guess is that there may also be some people from the last videos behind it, because I think they don't want their scam to be exposed so publicly.
First you know what you have regards to Ad-sense If i get a Email stating you have 4 ad-senses accounts Block scam... Because i know what accounts i do and dont have.........
#NotiGang
hardcore
it really shows that even the whistleblowers for scams can end up being scammed themselves
bruh moment
Welcome back king,  Now cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war
Syrian scammer lives in Turkey scams British anti-scammer. What a great world to live :/
That's crazy. Even pros can bleed, 'eh.
I can see only 83 videos not the 170 videos..have you lost all others ?
Hi Jim, I'm SO relieved to know your channel wasn't deleted, you're the creator I watch the most on YouTube, it was REALLY sad to see it get deleted. Hopefully this scammer WILL pay for the accounts he's stolen and ruined. Edit** I imagine someone created all these scam bots in the comments below to go after Jim LOL. Scammers are trying to flip the tables.
I love happy endings.
If The amazing Jim almost Got scammed how am i suppose to feel Now?
How could you fall for this scam?
Great to see you again
I had a mate from work a few days ago ask me if I knew what anydesk was and said he got a call from Amazon had it not been for your channel and channels similar teaching me to see signs of a scam he probably would of lost control of his mobile device and everything on it including his life savings thank you Jim it’s good to have you back
Woohoo your back.  Scammers beware
"I'm YouTube" 😆
Finally the hero returned 😎
Have you considered that this may have been targeted to you by someone else? Like the "channels you hate" offer you got off the scammer.
comment
Thank GOD your back.
I did wonder what happened... Good to see it's passed now.
I did that
I almost deleted my YouTube channel with 44 subs by trying to delete a different google account but it deleted this one instead. Fortunately I got it back a few hours later but that shuddered me
Welcome back !  & boy what an understatement that is, and not just from me. This has probably now let everyone know. Take nothing for granted and if it looks legit - Wait a bit. Last year I got an e.mail about my bank account with a link. I didn't click. I went into town and to my bank in person asking did they send this e.mail ?  They said no. I was lucky because at the time, it was thanks to yourself, Kitboga & Pierogi that made me do that. Yes indeed , welcome back Jim [ Great name ]
Sorry. We live in a world of scammers, not just in your world.
I previously heard of something similar that happened to a small Youtuber called Suris. He talked about it on a video where he says that those channels get deleted so that content farms can use them. The content farms don't want to waste time monetizing a channel from the ground up, so what they do is steal channels that already have monetization and subscribers and  leverage those channels' algorithmic reach, siphoning off the profits as well. Usually it's small channels like Suris', but, as this indicates, sometimes they catch bigger fish as well. Like this one. Only this one, like Suris, got away from them - thankfully. Here's the Suris video on a similar topic:               https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iD25VvFEza4
I appreciate how open you are and don´t see this as a weakness to your reputability and just keep silent about it. Pro move.
I'm YouTube 9:32
"I'm Youtube"  Palpatine improved
I was due to be paid £300 from student finance in the UK and I got an email from HM Revenue and Customs saying I need to confirm details to send around £300. So I fell for it. Interestingly, and luckily for me,  I spoke with my bank and because it only asked for my account number and sort code, it was information which they can only pay money into my account with. Still waiting for that £300.
9:41... Looking at all of this, it is clear someone is getting hot under the collar and they want you to stop exposing them..  if you need someone else to deal with half of your YouTube stuff you really should get someone.  I don't imagine you want to spend 24/7 second guessing everything.  I feel for you man
Thanks to the scammer fighting channels such as yours Jim I didn't fall for the very convincing scam someone tried on me last night via a YouTube channel! More details in my comment below. So thank you all so much. Glad your back & your videos restored 😊
Aww nice!  I’m still subscribed!
Welcome.back jim!
oh thank god, hes back!
The reason the scammer wrote so well is because he was using a language translator on his computer. When he switched to his cell phone, he couldn't translate as easily, so he either had trouble understanding what you were saying or writing a response. Most likely both.
With the WhatsApp number couldn't you identify his country code??? @14:54
So glad you got your channel back
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.  Glad you’re back, 2FA/2SA is a must for most accounts nowadays.
No need to resub.. already subbed.. glad you got your channel back man.
Glad things are back to normal. Here's a comment for the algorithm.
Poor spiff
Missed ya
Aight if Jim can fall for these...... Literally anyone can... Be careful guys
Hello Jim,  glad to sort it out, the problem with this guy is poverty. Syrians in Turkey don't have enough money to have a good life. I think it is a theme between scammers to be in no money situation to do these scams. I am Syrian and I know  $100 can be a monthly cost of food and some  commodities there
Thanks for the share... ill most def will stay aware of any "google.com" emails from now onwards... glad to see u back...
Welcome Back Jim!!
Creator of Grabify here, I'm absolutely star stuck that you used our service! Very glad you were able to get you account back. Keep up the awesome work!
Wow that was a wake up call for me. I'm usually suspicious of any email asking for info but if YOU can be fooled I really need to be diligent! Glad you are back.
Glad you are back. If you can (nearly) be scammed even god isn’t safe!
Nice to see you back here buddy. Completly human to struggle and fall. Glad all of it could be resolved.
pretty sure no scammer is worried about me ... I'm not famous so there's that
I almost had a heart attack man... so glad you caught wind to this piece of shit at the least moment!!   On a side note:” What do you mean real support?   I’m YouTube”
Get revenge Jim. We know you can do this! You got it! GET EM  Edit: HAHAHA JIM YOU ARE THE BEST, literally tricked him. Dude you are the best, INSANE. YOU VIOLATED HIM, scammed the scammer
Good news is I didn't have to re-sub.  Also looks like the description got doubled.
Unreal. I'm quite happy YouTube CTRL-Z'd your channel back into existence. The scammer loses...again.
That scammer had good reason to be confident. He scammed Jim Freaking Browning!
Thumbs up and commented to hopefully get YouTube to promote this video before more content creators are caught with this.
So basically the scammer buster got scammed
@Jim Browning, glad you are back! Sorry for your ordeal; scams are painful to experience and fall for.  Your videos are a complete mind- opener on how many scams are run online! Because of you, I have learnt to recognize scams by sight, and gladly warned people to steer clear from these scams (though not in the same way as you do), and credit goes to you and your hard work in all that you do. Thanks for also informing us of this particular scam...the YT algorithm should be geared toward this particular video, especially for YT content creators! If you know one, please direct them to this! Let's help save people's livelihoods online!!!   P.S: You are right...that exception still exists...the other 'Jim Browning' will get plenty of visits before the day's over....hope he won't mind!
Wow,  what are the odds that they'd put a target on the ' nightmare of all scammers' accounts ...I thought they'd banded together and hired a big gun to come after you or something.
You deleted ny account? Hold my beer!
7:51 ....  Google forms is how Google made themselves popular... They won't use that crap for security though
Trust me when i say he is not turkish. He is either nigerian or indian. Believe me. I know.
Welcome back Jim your videos are absolutely informative and much appreciated 👍
Soo glad you got your channel back Jim! The world just wouldn't be the same without King Browning!
I was quite shocked that THE Jim browning got scammed. Glad you're back!👍
Now pay back time and dont forget : You have are a very particular set of skills; skills you have acquired over a very long career. Skills that make you a nightmare for scammers .
Well, you have just raised my alert level from paranoid to ultra paranoid!  It's great you posted this as it means we will all be more vigilant.
I'm extremely happy that you got your channel back
lmao at the scammer basically giving a "How can I improve this scam?" survey after failing
so you got his IP? wheres the follow up! i wanted a smackdown story :(
Glad you got your channel back Jim! One thing I didn't understand though was how the videos etc got deleted. I thought his plan was to steal your channel by making you move everything to a separate brand account and then through this Google Form getting you to reveal the login information to that new account. I didn't understand how they got deleted completely.
Syrian asylum seeker in Turkey pulling a wire-fraud scam, who would have thought. And yet somehow those statistics are conveniently not disclosed when the media reports on asylum seekers.
This scam went from believable, to scary, to regretful, to "kinda" wholesome faster than I could process this...
This is actually incredible, this scam tooks a whole new level of threat and even someone prepared like you can fall into this, i understand this nobody is perfect, in fact i've got another YT account hacked a long time ago and it wasn't a scam but the thing is people must be prepared of what are you dealing with.
6:46... That sounds like too much work to fix "having a new phone connected".  You should of been like why can't you fix it?  Maybe say if I do nothing what will happen?  Nothing serious should of happened either way.  And of they tried to convince you otherwise.... Well they really should of called you in person
Just glad you're back!
😳😳😳
They shut Jim down because hes effective
that is scary looking at the signature 1:18. makes it looks official with a digital fingerprint
What a bunch of low lifes these scammers are, i really do hate them.
Social hacking is quite devious and terrifying.  E: Also I can't help but having a slight chuckle at the irony, but at least I know that no one is ever 100% vigilant 100% of the time.
I genuinely didn't expect this guy to get a uno reverse card  xD
Wow! I’ve heard you and others say that anyone can be scammed no matter how prepared we are at recognizing some scams. Fantastic video Jim. This was indeed a teaching moment.
You're really smart. Crazy how you got tricked!
It also helps to get another trustworthy opinion, before acting on decisions regarding something you hold dear (ex. YT channel, savings). Glad you got your channel back, this really showed how dangerous those scammers can be.
The scammer scammer was scammed 0o0
I am wondering how many Youtubers got scammed this way. This is just the most professional fishing attempt I have seen so far. No way an non tech savvy person could figure this out.
I somhow didn’t even notice
Good to see you bwck. Once bitten twice shy
Glad that you are back
It happens to the best of us, glad to have you back !
Glad you’re back jim!!!
This guy needs to be track down and arrested! Investigation is strongly needed and recommended as this one might do some damage to good people!
just glad you're back
Never got unsubscribed luckily, but knew something was up when another channel mentioned the situation. Just shows what can happen if you don't pay full attention, exactly what the scammers hope for.
👍 First up, a big thanks for your tireless efforts bringing relief to our bait community.  A practicing  neuro-psychologist in California says, during a momentary weakness ,or the duress of time  even the otherwise strongest could drop their guard.  I stand by my statement, as e.g., the then World Champion Capablanca dropped a piece in the opening in Moscow 1935, against a weaker opponent (Ragozin?)  Best Wishes. Cheers!☺
14:13 you’re watching Pleasant Jim
Welcome back, you were missed.
I think this just shows that anyone can be scammed, if it is convincing enough and your not focus on what is being said. Glad u were able to get channel restored hun. For some reason my subscribe wasn't deleted, so super happy about that hope to see some more videos soon darling.
My subscription was not removed though. Happy to see that our hero didn't fell prey
Welcome back Jim 👋😎
Did you reply "GG" to them though?
i think its the same scammer that scam Spiffing brit
Glad you’re back!!
So glad you got the channel back. I really appreciate all you do through it! I get the coincidence factor: recently made an online purchase for my mom using my account, she got a call claiming to be said company regarding a charge very close to the legitimate purchase amount but on her account, and then nearly followed up with the scammer. Thankfully she didn’t!
Oh, no. I was then scammed many years ago by youtube support, then hundreds of my videos are deleted. But, since I am small youtuber, nobody cares. After further begging to investigate why I lost so many videos, youtube support told me that there will be no more support until I reach 100k subscribers. I hate my life because felt for that scam. :(
Google has quite the monopoly on email. So much so that, until half a year or so ago, any mail sent from a google server was automatically authenticated on google's mailservers. This meant that anyone could sign up for a "Google G-suite" account, pay a couple of bucks and be authenticated when sending mails to any gmail account, almost no matter the from-address. Thankfully they closed that "loop-hole". Having hosted a couple of mailservers myself, I'm quite furiated by how so-so their approach is to emails and security.
Jim the scammer stopper got scammed. :)
Damn man..they scam king of scambuster..
So happy to see you get everything back up so quickly! F- those pieces of Sh*t scammers! They kind of did the world a favor tho, by creating this targeted attack on you, in turn their efforts led to you making essentially the world’s largest & loudest PCA on how to avoid being scammed like this. I hope it also helped YouTube & Google see their weak spots, so those could be fixed too. The other positive I can pull from your experience is it should be incredibly flattering to you…. Knowing the amount of time & effort these scammers wasted to pull something like this off, for it to only have a 3-4day impact on you…..  THEY ARE AFRAID OF YOU & THEY SHOULD BE!!! If they thought you and Pierogi and Trilogy were pains in the butt before, well they just woke up the dragons with their games. Welcome Back Jim!
I couldn't find any channel the other day and thought you was working on something big and you was in hiding. Glad to see you back!
Well, I'm still subscribed. I didn't even notice it had gone. Like nothing had happened my end.
Permanent suspension? That should have been the dead giveaway.  They wouldn’t say suspend if it was a permaban
I still can't believe you fell for this, even with the explanation. The initial email had broken sentences and random words capitalised.  Madness.
Well there you go, the way you felt about the scenario being "legit" is how other people feel as well with pop ups.  Awareness is key and practice.
I think I'd have realised that the "chat-noreply" local part meant that it's the email address of the Google Chat service itself, not that of the user.
Sometimes you gotta fall down to get back up stronger and wiser. Best of luck in the future Jim.
So all it takes to catch Jin off-guard is a random guy from Turkey.  Jokes asides, Im glad you got your channel back and you can continue your work! Looking forward to the next scammer takedown
damn
OMG!  I'm sorry that happened to you.  You  MUST stay online. You have saved so many people.  I'm so glad you are still on- the scary world of the net is safer  with you  in it. YouTube sends form letters and they tell you, you are done. But it's not true.  I don't make videos but even I know this lol  Seen other YouTubers  go through this.
That’s CRAZY!!! 😮
Didnt even notice. Glad you have it back.
Wow. Talk about scammer payback.  You obviously stirred that Hornets nest and they wanted revenge lol.  Glad ur smarter than them
I.... Its think ..... The the spiff.... Spiffing brit.... He... He got scam..... Scammed aswe... Aswell.... :(
i wondered y no notifications recently until today ,glad ya back
The real kick that should have given it away was the fact that Youtube/Google was trying to communicate with you
Rule 1# of the internet : Big companies dont have live chat
Let’s mess up some scammers
My grandfather was scammed a few years ago for a few thousand dollara because he thought he was helping me. Because of people like you Jim I have hope that those dirtbags will one day be caught. Glad your back Jim. Thank you for doing what you do.
I don't know how to reach you otherwise, if people here know I'd be glad if they could redirect me.  I live in a city in Mugla/ Turkey. And if you have a possibility to locate the close location of the scammer, if he is in my city or close to it, I could go and scout/photograph the location. And if there is a possibility that you find the owners of the stolen channels, I'm pretty sure with the stolen ad money, this is theft and is punishable by law. So, if the stolen channel owners would press charges, I could help maybe with the communication with the local police.  Edit: There are many Syrian refugees in Turkey and some of them aren't even properly registered. Even if the person is a registered refugee, the legal action could be more difficult compared to a Turkish citizen.
Good to see you are back. Unbelievable, it clearly shows that no matter who you are, no matter your tech experience, anyone can be scammed. Good to have you back up and running, I look forward to more videos.
Blime me! Love your honesty Jim. Thank you Jim.
Humanity would have suffered..and we would all be skint!! Thank god your back Jim!
Glad you are back. Stay safe.
Wow out of all the people  that guy could scam ur chose a man that exposes scammers got damn
Because of those shitstains need their thirsty money from old people, f em keep doing the good work these benchods to justice..
If Jim Browning can get scammed then we are all fucked!
Many Syrian refugees in Turkey. It is not unlikely
Holy shit this is scary
So you're saying that one strategy for overnight YouTube success is picking a channel name from a big channel and waiting for them to get their channel deleted ?
Welcome back  😃
Way to turn a personal experience into a lesson for us all!  Thank you for sharing, we are all wiser for it.  Btw, I didn't have to re-subscribe, thankfully.  All the best to you.
Very glad to have you back! Clever move to start recording the conversation! BTW what screen recording software are you using?
i opened my ipad a few days ago, it must have been playing your video last time i was on it, and i saw “this channel doesn’t exist”. i knew something was up
Why the hell was he not using a VPN
I personally don’t think this hurts your credibility as you obviously had clear, citable reasons for thinking it was legit. Good thing YT came in clutch with the account recovery.
dude why did you tell him how he convinced you, he is absolutely going to use that in future scams.
"Yes, but I need the money." So do they lol.
This scam shows how easy scammers can do damage. Even people like you (and others working in IT) fall for it from time to time.  btw; didnt need to resub.
Whoever this scammer was, he just made Jim not only more powerful, but also even more determined to tackel them until his last breath. This guy is a real super hero.
Lmaooo “Naw”
Welcome back Jim
You do realise what this means         Jim's crusade has only just begun
Its scary. I know I always double check everything that even remotely feels sneaky but it just requires that one moment when you're not paying attention and a well thought out scam. I use 2SA for everything possible because of this. Glad you got it sorted, keep on keeping on!
He was asking if you knew anyone you hated enough to have him target them. Doesn't that imply that somebody aimed him at YOU to target?
And to think people were telling me in replies to one of my previous comments that if you use your head you'll never see scammed or whatever.
Glad to see you back
Wow that's scary. Kudos to record the whole scam. Excellent video, once again!
Welcome back! Close call!
Those scammers are evil. I hope they rot in hell. Karma will catch up to them.
OK, so i may be talking with someone I dont know irl using whatsapp and using my real number. If i dont click on any links is there still something they can do to get my info
This is frightening and incredible at the same time.
That is a very sophiscated trick that just makes Jim Browning believed that it is and falls into it
If I was you, I would have done the equivalent of opening a suspicious link in private browsing mode, or Firefox container tab. In this case, I would have attempted to first carry out the instructions using a dummy account, and then after that worked would I have done the same on my main account. In retrospect, the guy was very convincing and he would have probably convinced me to just go ahead with doing it on my main account. Anyways hindsight is 20/20 as they say. Big congrats on getting your account back
Sounds like one of your victims in India got back at you, scary as I’d have completely fallen for that for the same reasons you did!
For sure the dude wants $100 while earning $16k from adsense revenue
The only thing to come out of this is that it's made people even more aware of scammers and will probably bumb up Jim's sub count even more, cheers for that scammers 😘
So happy to see your return.
Jim you cut the middle man twice in the video description :D glad that you are back
Awesome video.  Thank you for posting and being so humbly honest.
It appears that the other Jim Browning has won.  It wasnt the Syrian, but the other Jim Browning the whole time!  Muhahaha!
Scammers strike back!
Glad you’re back. And I did not need to resubscribe!  Great lesson for all. My father got scammed a few weeks ago and it was similarly just perfect timing by the caller. He was trying to contact Amazon and they called purporting to be Amazon support. He called me from another line and my wife and I (mainly my wife) confirmed it was a scam. Thank you for posting these vids and doing what you do.
He was probably referring to being worth 2.5 million Syrian Pounds, which is just under US$2000.
Im still subscribed,  didnt need to re subscribe.  Glad you got your channel back mate. Cheers from Oz 🇦🇺
Hold on, if deleting the channel is the first part of the scam, how do they make any money?
Glad to see ya back mate. Was missing my No-cape wearing Hero.
I’m so glad ur back
scammer gets scammed by the scammer that was scamming
YOU GOT IT BACK!! omg man
bro, notice that even when his whole YouTube career is at stake, he decided to dig deeper and research their ways. I'm Impressed, and shocked, as always, good work mate.
Can you imagine the plot twist if the other Jim Browning was the scammer all along?
Jim Browning turned into Ben Dover today
Welcome back!! We are so glad, and thank you for sharing this incident.
Thanks for being back 😉 Markus
This was made real by YouTube themselves making its creators paranoid and afraid of being suspended for virtually anything
love ya jim
I'm glad that you figured out what was going on before any real damage had been done, and you were able to have your channel restored.  Thank you for the reminder that anyone can be scammed if the circumstances are right.  One precaution I take is not to click links in e-mails, especially if it is a dire message demanding immediate action.  Instead, I go directly to the site and log in; if there's a critical security or account message, it will be there, not just in my e-mail.  DreamHost is a good company.  I am confident that they won't continue to allow the scammer to use their service.
Its certainly a shame that you were caught out but it really just does boil down to being vigilant and observant of everything you receive. Thanks for being open with your mistakes though! It helps show what people need to look out for.
its nice to see that even those who hunt scammers arent scam proof, glad you got the channel back though
If THE Jim Browning is texting a fake YouTube Customer Support “This is incredibly scary”, you know it’s more than scary. Some of the likes are probably from scammers cause they feel sort of Schadenfreude that Jim has (nearly) been scammed.
Wow it takes cohones to scam Jim browning foolish as well
spiffin brit fell for this too
An expert with an creactor-partners..... THIS IS SIMPLY A... BIT CLICKBAIT 🤣 Monetisatio go go GOOOOO 🤣🤣🤣
Glad you're back!
The English in the is not terribly good
On a side-note of the cost of living in Syria, I have family there and my dad lives between Syria and Lebanon, he pays between $60USD and $100USD a month on rent and less than $25 on his bi-weekly food shop which is more plentiful than my $120 shop here in Canada. If this scammer truly made even a fraction of his claimed amount, he'd never need to work or scam again. The only thing that doesn't become significantly cheaper is technology, otherwise, you can get by on very little coin.
We missed you king, so glad to see you back
Really happy that you're back. I would've loved to help, but YouTube sorting it out was even better.
I had no idea if you had stopped with the YouTube videos....But I do think that people should try to unsubscribe then resubscribe to the channel. And that may fix it?
Sheeeesh, this was scary stuff. I'm a software developer, so usually just scoff at obvious phishing and the like, but man...this serves as a warning to always keep my guard up online.
Takes a big man to admit he got roped into a scam, even though you caught it part way through.  You're a good man, keep up your good work.
Proof that anyone can be scammed, even the scammer-buster. Stay safe my friends.
thanks to that we discovered the other Jim Browning channel - and the man can sing!
Seems like 99% of these scammers have rather poor education (poor English specifically) and poor understanding of technology (not knowing what 2FA is). It would be *really* scary to encounter a scammer with decent English and an understanding of the underlying technology, especially because there's ways to gain access to accounts through support without knowing your password. I think asking for the password is the biggest mistake of this scam.
That's one hell of a scam to be able to fool Jim Browning. What hope for the rest of us?!
I find this video quite humbling,im glad to see you back and thankful for you spreading awareness not only of how you succumb to this scam but showing this
Good thing he had the forethought to record the whole thing
Yeah, that happened to me that someone actually got into paypal and sent "real" paypal messages, and I blindly went into the whole scam, as the site was actually an https (which means it's a validated url that won't give any malware at least) then the biggest red flags went as they: 1.-  they asked me showing my card being hold by me (no company asks for YOUR picture with the card) 2.- suddenly, on this step the https went MIA 3.- they made 3 mispells, when there's NO WAY that a serious company would afford to have mispells on their pages
Good thing you got it back
UR BACK THANK GOD
I don't want to be in a world where Jim Browning can get scammed!...  The World doesn't feel safe anymore! 😭😭  PS - no new sub needed from me.
Yikes
Yeah he's Turkish he's lying 🤣
if this guy falls for a scam... im toast man
I love your channel and how humble you are. Thanks for all the things you do and how you actually teach us to be careful.
Glad your back man everyone can get scammed
Was he Indian?
Generally, google web UIs are confusing and shite.
Oof
If _you_ could fall for a scam, we mere mortals are just ripe fruit for the plucking.🍐🍒🍇🥑🍋🍊🍓🍏🍈
AHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH fkn karma, tricked by benchods scammers OMGGGGGGG KARMA
This is EXACTLY what happened to me! Same dude. He got us both.
Welcome back! It's very eye opening to see a master getting fooled :( thanks for sharing this
whoever this scammer was will have a legendary story to tell for the rest of his life!  glad you got your channel back though
btw the only thing that could have been the weak point was a previously compromised (through leak) password, the leak was not informed to me which technically breaks european/british law but oh well. *this is a part I forgot to add to me previous comment which was probably automodded, I was gonna add it to the comment via reply but it was automodded so I couldn't.
Screenshot *could* be from JackSucksAtStuff. Probably not but he makes statistics videos so idk
This needs to make treading/front page so everyone knows! Spiffing Brit just got caught as well :(
In my opinion, most of this is just a failure by Google/YouTube with this whole brand account bullshit. This whole process should never even be so ambiguous.
Glad you're back. These scammers are getting out of control!
i know few famous YouTubers got the exact same scam and fell for it
The Jim is back Browning again
You know Jim is genuine when he even shares the story of how he was scammed every though it might be embarrassing!
You are a legend
Glad you are back!!!
Wow what a story. Im glad you are back and just to note - i didnt need to re-subscribe.  Goes to show even the best can get duped by the right scam at the right time. Stay alert everyone.
You came up #1 as soon as i put your name in search, so that seems to be sorted, great to see you are back and also great that you showed us exactly what happened and even with egg on ya face you ploughed on to fix the broken egg.
Happy to see you back, Jim. Can’t wait to see what content you have in store next.
No!!!!!! Get them Mr. Brown
Thank you for sharing this!
These scammers really deserve a special place in hell.
14:29
DANG! Glad you were able to recover from this. My channel is no where near big enough for someone to want to do this to me. But it's good to know that this happens. Thanks for the content Jim. Welcome back!
so glad you’re back Jim! we have work to do!
It takes balls to scam a scam takedown guy. It takes even BIGGER BALLS to admit you got tricked and talk about it. ANYONE CAN BE TRICKED. No one is ever truly safe.
That was scary, these scammers really take their scams in a new level. Thank God your channel was restored. 🙏👍🇸🇽
We all make mistakes. Glad you shared this
I'm so glad you're back and exposing this particular scam. It's good to know how those scams work and you are doing an incredible good job by raising awareness. Keep going!
I always humble myself no matter how many years and how many times I've done something, I distrust myself off rip just because don't want this to happen. Thanks for the insight!
As soon as I heard you found his IP I knew shots were about to go DOWN
Just found out Spiffing Brit falls for the same scheme today. And I hope he find this.
Congrats!!
scammers feel a tremble in the dark side of the force
I have a feeling I may have seen that screenshot.  It was a video I saw quite a while ago where a YouTuber talked about how they increased their revenue by placing ads a certain points. I couldn’t tell you who or the link, but it rang a bell as I’m sure they put up a couple of screenshots showing the difference in income they generated
He claimed to be syrian, but he is in turkey, he may be just saying that he is syrian to protect himself
Ah, jim sometimes has smooth brain moments as well
This is very similar to what psychedsubstance experienced just a few days ago, also a youtuber.
It seems that this guy must know someone from the inside, what do you think Jim?
Scammer trying to make you lose money and as a result you make more 😹🦾 Thanks for sharing !
Welcome back :-)
Whew, that was a close one Jim! Glad everything iStock. Scammer shouldn't have picked the Batman of Tech Scams to fuxs with!
They tried to scam the anti scam guy... They are really stupid...
What the fuck Jim
Ayy I have the same phone as the scammer😂  great video btw
I clicked like before watching
Glad your back!
Whoa muta almost got hit by this
Spiffing brit got hit by this scam.
Welcome back and looking forward to more videos in the future
I wish internet companies wouldn't lie like YT did when they told you you couldn't get your deleted content back. Reminds me of when GoDaddy told me I'd lost my domain - a few days later they'd magically restored it to me.
So happy your back!
Usually Im also careful and dont really fall for scam mails but sometimes theres really weird coincidences and then I also have to check everything clearly and read the mail a few times just to make really really sure. but as most scam mails that I receive are about amazon, netflix or adult stuff sites which I dont use at all, they cant get me easily. and if theyre telling me that my facebook account will be deleted I dont even care if its real or fake, just do it, I can create a new account and add my 5 friends back, no big deal. haha I just need to worry about paypal related mails lol
Just one thing I am wondering - why didn't you ask if you could pay him $100 to restore your channel?  I mean, he did mention PayPal, and if he expected you to pay him, he would have had to reveal account, which you could have then reported to paypal?  Or is it just not worth it, can people just easily create new ones, as they are banned...
I am excited for the next infiltration of a scammers' security camera system :).
Holy Hackers, Batman!  If Jim Browning can be caught up in these scammers.... scary!!!!!! Time for us to step up our game!
Proof that God himself can bleed...
Happy you’re back :)
UGH so sorry that happened to you! Glad you're back!
I fell for a scam due to coincidence too. I was woken up by a knock at the door but ignored because I have flatmates. But no one answered the door. I fall back asleep. I wake up to an email saying I missed a delivery. You know the rest.
NOO! Why Turkey :( I live in Turkey too. I hope Turkey people will be fine...
I love the fact that the scammer was so blissfully unaware of how big the score he was about to pull off and fluffed it.
Glad to see you back Jim
Scammers got revenge ? 😆😆
Glad you got it back!
THE LEYEND IS BACK!!!!
Welcome back Jim!  I'm extremely impressed by the way you handled this situation. As someone who works with computer users that range from technically incompetent, to very skilled, I can tell you that a lot of them will try to cover it up when they have compromised the security in some way. Some will even end up waiting until it escalates, and then they are forced to admit what they did before it blows up completely. However I have yet to experience a situation where this is done out of malice. The fact is that they are embarrassed, ashamed, afraid that they will lose their job, etc.  You could easily have covered this up by claiming that you were fed up, and didn't want to do the YouTube thing anymore. However you went the opposite route by telling everyone what had happened, and thus turning a crappy situation into a valuable teaching moment. Some people have commented (on different platforms) that you should delete the channel because no one would take your advice after this, but they obviously don't understand how much this proves the points you have been making all the time:  1. I have never heard you trying to fault the victims of scams. They do the best they can based on their situation, and skill.  2. The scammers make a living by trying to steal from people, and a lot of them are very good at what they do. None of us can scrutinize every single encounter we have with others, so if the scam is good enough, and the circumstances are right, we will all fall for it unless we are very lucky.  3. Recognizing/admitting that you have been scammed can be painful, and make you feel stupid, but it is important as it can prevent others from being scammed. By being so humble, and honest, you are making it easier for others to accept that being fooled by someone isn't as shameful as they might have thought.  Kudos to you for being a great role model Jim! We can all learn from your example. Good to have you back. 🙂
Welcome back lol
So glad you’re back and it was very interesting to see how this Syrian scammer convinced you. Welcome back! By the way, I did not have to re-subscribe. Already subscribed when I watched this! Love love love your content and your amazing work!! 💕
Well the good news is I was already subscribed so I got to see this video on my notifications and I also use the app so I don't have to type in the address lol
Not the Spiffing Brit! His channel is gone (as of this comment)!
Hmm didn't they notice the "Tech Support Scams" Profile picture?
Excellent...nobody should be ashamed of being scammed EVER. It happens. Loads of respect to you Mr. Browning for sharing this.
Hello Jim, Q: Would it have helped if you had insisted on speaking in person as well as it was a big deal of changing accounts? Just a thought.
Yess ur back I really missed u bro
I had a “payments suspended act now” from eBay and ignored it. And now my eBay is suspended… you just can’t win
He could have just gone in and edited the HTML of his own analytics channel to appear as if it had more subscribers/revenu etc and screen shot that.
Glad to have you back my man. The Knight was hit by an arrow to the knee but now he's back with a vengance
Omg!!! You’re back!!! What a relief!!😅
i was so worried about you... glad you came back
That's not the "from" address tho, thats the google chat notification service address ... which is the entire trick. But it's standard for messaging platform notifications, as there isn't really another way to do it. The main issue here was that they were able to create a google account with a username of "YouTube Support" without immediately getting flagged. ... Also the Google Chat notification does look alot like an email, rather than a chat notification, since it's simple and "google" styled.
Glad you’re back!
Just insane, its like watching a spy movie ;)
the irony
yay you're back, heard from SOG you dissapeared
17:26 LOL at this one conspiracy theory channel going "FRIGHTENING NEW YT EXPLOIT?!!!?"
Damn, I had a similar experience on a steam scam and nearly got my account taken over, luckily I realised it was a scam and didnt give the 2fa code
your communication with him is like the oblivion chat minigame.
wow, this makes me feel so much better for the time I believed the CEO wanted me to buy gift cards
it happened the day after i subscribed lol
i certainly that you are able to find and destroy the scumbag who tried preventing you from providing such a "useful community service" worldwide! You truly are great Jim!!!
This is so stressful to watch. I can’t even imagine how much anxiety and stress and fear Jim was feeling. The fact Jim was able to do so much afterwards and function as a scambaiter to give us something to learn from is such a masterclass
Glad you back
I had been telling my family about Jim Browning’s channel and when I tried to show them I got this other bloke. I’m so glad you got it all back and I’m happy I’m still subscribed. Power to your elbow Jim!
I had an interaction almost exactly like this for my Son's Youtube Account. It was actually from Youtube (I think) but and it entailed moving accounts as well but the real issue was because of his age. In the end I couldn't figure it out after months with Youtube and just gave up and lied about his age.  This it goes to show that google has a real problem with their support. It's so hard to tell if you are actually talking with someone who can help you or just wants to steal your account. especially if the scammer can pass a DKIM for Google.com! That's horrible!
So pleased to see you back! I found out what happened to you while l was watching Scammer Payback. Thank you for sharing your story.
that is scary even the master scam hunter got scammed for a second
Love the support you received from the community. Keep up the good fight!
LooL, the scammers assembled together and targeted Jim 😅
Someone could send email through google's domain. This is so abnormal
Scammers are learning and they seem to be using different tactics to scam people. This is very concerning and im hoping that we can out smart them or find out more how they operate
Jim, I’m glad you have managed to get your account back, in this current climate, it seems the scammers will go to any lengths. My partner and I were scammed out of £20,000 last summer by someone claiming to be our bank. It’s an experience I will never get over
This was your scariest video. All of us can be scammed...
Welcome back Jim! Fancy a trip to South-West Turkey? 😎 I thought it was gonna be some scammer taking revenge, but honestly I think their #1 priority is just earning more and more $$$$. Glad you're back.
Glad to see you back! I was wondering what happened to you and I don't believe ANYTHING I see on the internet by so called "insiders" claiming to know..I'd rather hear it from the horses mouth! Thank Jim and welcome back
guards up Jim!
Congrats on getting the account back, Jim.
King is back
I luckly am still subbed to you I didnt need to resub
WOW, if they can scam you we are all doomed.
Woah its from Turkey i am surprised
Spiffing brit channel also deleted??
Honestly the channel screenshot could be a channel equally shady as his that he has taken. like those content farms, maybe one of them died out and he's living off of the revenue of the vids
I think he was just a kid
Lol you got tricked into deleting your own channel XD. Now that takes some skill to scam a well know scam buster.
in my case email from google.com usually go straight to Spam
I don't think any other scammer would be able to go this far with Jim ever!!
Time for Jim's revenge
The scammer or scammers got scammed.     Props for owning up and putting out phishing tips.
You are humble and kind Jim!! This little storm you weathered will not only help you, but countless others...No doubt God allowed this storm for such a scam as this.... Blessings... 🦋Lily🦋
it doesn't matter. it doesn't matter who's lives they destroy ,  who decides to end their life because they lost everything to them, it doesn't matter how they make India look to the world. it doesn't matter who they take down. they just want your money, nest egg, retirement funds, regardless of the consequences.
Can’t stop someone like Jim. Doers gotta Do.
The best part of jim frauding getting exposed here is him desperately pretending like he somehow won.
I just had a scammer pretend to be a very prominent member of my church denomination and I think some of the older people may have fallen for it. I posted it on Facebook to alert them as soon as I was sure it was a scam
Phisher: "Are you using a computer or phone at the moment?"  Jim: "Yes"..."-a PC"  Phisher: "certainly"  Lmao 🤣😆🤣 you legit sounded like one of Kitbogas elderly marks with the "yes" lol they knew you where using either a phone or PC how else would you be in Google chat lmao  Much respect for uploading this man, shows it can happen to the best of us. Glad your channel is ok.
Thank fuck he's back
I love this video but honestly I don't really believe it is true. Don't wanna sound paranoid but it sounds like this was staged for the sake of awareness. Although some of the hints were very subtile I think Jim would have caught up. I think it's a kind of social experiment to raise scamming attention among YouTubers. If this is real I apologize for saying anything.
I’m glad you are back
This has got to be the same scammer that went after psyched substance and other youtubers.
We love you Jim. Its time for payback.
Imagine that story arc, the anti scammer becomes the scammer. Now that's real YouTube drama. Sounds like a movie.
Great to have you back!!
Love you daddy
Damn my man, you found THE YouTube themselves (9:53)  I'm glad you're back tho, love your channel!
I still didn't understand how that guy got an @google.com email
I was wondering what you have been up to the same day your channel got deleted, so I was really freaked out when I couldn't find it.  Honestly I'm glad you're back. Yours is one of the few channels I genuinely find worth watching.
I'm so relieved that you got the channel back with everything intact. Great to have you back. You have probably saved a lot of other youtubers from losing their channels by exposing this, however inadvertently.
Yeah, I made 2.5 millions dollars so far and 16k last month.. soo.. about those 100 dollars I need you to send me because I need the money.. I only accept PayPal
The return of the king
phew
How was the bad punctuation overlooked at 00:35 where the sentence ending with "as a result" doesn't flow into the next line starting with "We will permanently..."
glad you got your channel back
He's back my comrades. The King never lost his crown.
It's time for payback *By blood*
In the past few months I've seen a HUGE number of verified YouTube channels getting hijacked and start uploading spam. Presumably to rack up as much ad-revenue as possible before it gets removed.
I can't stand when some people that watch scambaiters say "it's only old people and idiots that fall for scams". Completely untrue.  I almost got scammed a couple years ago by a person going door to door in my neighborhood. She gave a convincing story that she was from a troubled home but with the organization she was going door to door for, was able to improve her life. She was supposedly getting donations for them to deliver magazines to a hospital in another state. My stupid self wrote her a check before calling the hospital and learning that "no, they've never heard of such an organization". Thankfully I was able to cancel the check so the scammers got none of that money.
They got The Spiffing Brit as well. Poor Spiff. I'm glad you realized it Jim.
Someone should notify them, about this video.. this can mess up big creators Keem star, h3h3, Philip DeFranco, Mark Rober
I know zip about Adsense or revenue on YouTube, but the other Jim Browning won’t be getting your $$, will he?
speaking of anyone can fall for a scam I was working retail a few years back at dollar general, and I fell for a card refill scam. But in all honesty we were only trained to look out for people trying to fill cards or ask for money via the phone. But we all fall for some type of scam at least once. Some are more just easier to tell and other are harder to find out. But in all honesty I should've grabbed my MoD first. I was fairly new to the retail job world at the time and I lost that job. So it kind of makes me not want to work at retail anymore. That and I'm also socially awkward and slightly gullible. It's mainly tech scammers I can fairly find out because of people like you, Pierogi, and Kitboga I can see tech scams from a mile away. But I'll end it here I've rambled enough.
Thankfully it didn't unsubscribe me
Glad you're back! Biggest red flag was Google offering live chat support 😂
It takes a big man to admit this. It's very very worrying if YOU get hacked and believed it. We love u Jim and you make people's lives better for the good.. Thanks. And watch ooot in future..
welcome back! i just started watching you before you got suspended and i was so confused.
So glad to see you back
So glad you got your channel back!
Damn, that was pretty embarrassing, not going to lie. Glad you got everything sorted.
As a Indian god bless you jim
Yeah I freaked when I couldn’t find a video
I got unsubscribed too😧
as soon as i saw you uploaded i literally stood up and cheered :D glad youre back dude!!!
This is one of the #1 reasons theses scammers get away with it for so long. People are afraid to admit they fell for a scam. Thank you for coming forward and going into detail on the whole process. They need to fix that chat - email exploit. Got to love the YouTube auto response. No we cant see any intrusion you deleted your channel so you are sol. Good to know they lie every time they send that message. Why on earth would a 3.3m sub channel just up and delete their channel and then report a problem with their account? They need to just take their Automated reply crap out back an put it down.
And I was sat there thinking “Jim’s buggered off with my Patreon donations, the swine”. Good to hear you’re back in business anyway 👍
Glad to see you back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This exact same thing happened to @psychedsubstance recently
You got mega scammed!!!
welcome back !!!
Hearing that you got scammed made me feel like the world ended . Like, no way one of the best scam destroyers got scammed. It just made me realized that truly anyone can get scammed , no matter how prepared you might be for one.
Damn, they caught my boi slippin.... Glad you're back!
Glad you're back, I bet your blood pressure was a bit elevated !! Great message here.
I was so sorry to hear this happened but had full confidence in your ability to get to the bottom of things. I must say you didn’t disappoint. Awesome to see you back…and I didn’t even have to subscribe again! 😊
When you said grabify I was expecting to hear the Nigerian music pleasant green uses in his videos.
wonderful to see you back. scammers will never win.
Thank you for sharing and keeping on.  You are a legend.
I am still subbed :P
Welcome back man, glad you got your account back!
I hope the other Jim didn't receive too much hate. Best of luck to you moving forward.
It made me think of Atomic Shrimp who said we should not shame anyone for being scammed. It can happen to anyone and this proves it. We can only share our experiences and hope it helps others avoid being scammed.
scammer: "I'm YouTube"  -sure bud
Jim : Now tell me, why have you chosen death?
I am so happy you are back!
Man I was wondering where you'd gone, I missed your videos!
Maybe people will stop ridiculing scam victims as "naive" and "stupid" now that they've seen it can happen to ANYONE, no matter how knowledgeable they are, it just happens sometimes.
I learned a valuable lesson today, even the best of the best can be scammed and you can never be to careful. Glad you’ve got your channel back man. You scam baiters are doing a gods work. ;)
So glad you’re back!!
Didn't need to resubscribe :)
I think he might be some sort of disgruntled former Google employee.
Welcome back!
Wow, Glad you're back!
YOU ARE BACK!!!!!!!!!!!
What a relief to hear you got it back, I seriously thought the world was ending if you of all people got scammed and hit you in the worst way by deleting your YouTube channel.
FYI, In Turkey, there are nearly 3.5 million registered Syrian refugees.
I think the "unsubscribe" in the first e-mail should've been a dead giveaway that it was fake.
I’m so glad you recovered Jim. You’re a hero to many. This just goes to show that even the heroes fighting scammers can be susceptible and why it is important to always be vigilant.
Oh, my! What has the World come to, when the invisible, the almighty slayer of beasts, the one and only Mr. Jim Browning was himself being scammed.
THE RETURN OF THE KING
I personally am not a fan of the internet at all, we now know it and are obliged to use it. But when I see your story, a person really gets scared. I miss the times when people did things together and not each one  in his own seat somewhere on this planet. I hope you someday get support from the government, this has to stop, welcome back and never give up the fight RESPECT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! To the whole scambait family.
Wow, so it's got the point where the scammers are actually trying to steal your YouTube channel. Unbelievable!
*never submit passwords through Google forms* Also Google: please give us your password via this Google form 🤔
Glad to see you back Jim - and I hope the silver lining to this cloud will be that people realise that it's not just 'stupid people' that can become victims of scams (a point I have been labouring myself for some time now) - I think people want to believe they are smarter than others who get scammed, because believing that makes them feel safer - but _feeling_ safer is not _being_ safer. Even the best people are not *always at their best* - I believe everyone has moments when they are vulnerable
"What do you mean by real support?  I'm YouTube"  Made me laugh, for some reason.   reminds me of that meme of the giant moth on someone's window and it says "LET ME IN. I'M A FAIRY"  something like that
It was the spiffing brits account he got access to. He recently tweeted about it and he has about 6 million subs
even the pros fall for it sometimes
It was the spiffing brits account he got access to. He recently tweeted about it and he has about 6 million subs
Multi Factor the hell out of everything!!
do you always screen record evrything?
so...no nick gar this time ?
Sounds like someone's made some enemies.
Wow, the irony is mind blowing 🤯... glad to have you back Jim 💪🏻
Can't outsmart Jim!
Jim: hehehe nice try  scammer: I AM YOUTUB   great to have you back and have a little laugh with these fools
It was the spiffing brits account he got access to. He recently tweeted about it and he has about 6 million subs
Oh so glad your back. Well at least you have new info of crap these crooks r doin. Hes prob not earning the 2.5 mil , theres prob bigger people above him getting that.  Scary as hell isnt it
Glad you didn’t pay the hundred dollars I did, then had to close off the hundred, and wait, soon my search engine was throwing pop-ups? Which are blocked on my settings? Thank you for sharing, how I manage this was to close off the engine compromised, as this is a phone, yet still receiving odd phone calls, when rung back are disconnected? Any advice Mr Browning?.
I predicted this video & outcome in Mutahar's recent video lmao
Thank you for posting this jawdropping video. Your dedication for exposing scums is amazing, even if it happens to you. Please be well so you can keep doing this!
SomeOrdinaryGamers got this same email and almost had his account deleted
Good to have him back. What was the original url of the other Jim Browning? Can that be restored to him and who does his original url now lead to? Their followers will want to know so they can update their bookmarks.
Apparently I never had to resubscribe but this just goes to show you can never be too careful with these things. I've even gotten emails that I almost fell for until I stepped back and took a closer took at them to realize they were fake. One thing I always do is to NEVER click on links in the emails and go to the real site to check if what the email says is true as I can be sure the real site will let me know if anything is wrong if indeed something is. If you aren't seeing any messages on the site indicating a problem that should be a big red flag that the email might not be legit.
Just goes to show others to take more care in noticing scams and no one is completely immune. Even someone like Jim that foils scammers on a regular basis is succeptable.
Really glad to have you back, and grateful for your honesty and humility. Hopefully this video will serve as a warning to us all, that anyone is susceptible to fall for a scam. Looking forward to seeing more videos from you soon!
So glad you're back 🙏🙏🙏
"Now he was trying to recruit me"   I wonder why he would try to recruit the guy that has the cancel sign over "Tech support Scams" lol
The scammer was clever but you should have verified by phone checked the email in the form. The real problem is Google letting people use Google domain like that if Jim Browning can get scammed anyone can get scammed.
SomeOrdinaryGamer had the exact same scam sent to him. He made a video 1 or 2 days ago I think
I think this same guy hit PsychedSubstance too, if you want to talk to him about it.
Isn't it normally 2fa 2 factor authentication
Another YouTuber called psychedsubstance had the same issue and recognized it as a scam at the same point as you did.
Glad your back, up and running .
Fucking unbelievable that the actual YouTube suppot took 2 fucking days to understand your demand, and even lied about not being able to restore it.  Un fucking acceptable.
He fell for a scam???? Wow thats when u know world is falling
I got scammed, or almost scammed on steam once. I had such high anxiety when they messaged me I got so scared and thought it was real. I gave them my 2-factor authentication code too like an idiot. They wanted me to deposit money into an account on a cs-go skin trading website but I was weary even before that; luckily I was able to recover my steam account with no issues on there and never lost any money.
Yay you’re back! I was worried
Jim you are the best glad to see you back. Go get them.
Thanks for this video and just goes to prove anyone can be scammed even someone in the know and that is really scary
Sorry i gotta say it but..... OH THE IRONY HAHA.
Forgive me as I haven’t seen the entire video yet but it strikes me that of all the people to actually get scammed, Jim is one of them. In hindsight it’s easy to see the mistakes but I guess it goes to show just how sophisticated these scammers are getting these days. Stay alert folks!
Good to have you back!
If he really made 2.5m scamming youtubers god really doesnt exist.
Welcome back mate , just proves 2 stage authentication is a must these days
It takes a lot of courage and humility as someone in your position to admit having been scammed and for that you have all my respect.  Edit: some bots with explicit profile pictures and names are replying to people by copying other people's comments at random, making them appear like legit comments. Don't know if anything can be done other than to report them individually.  Edit2: I'm turning off the reply updates.
this is totally unconvincing, if you ever talk to google's support they spend more time trying to become your best friend than fixing the problem.
There must be a huge party going on in Kolkata right now! 😅 THE scam baiter has been scammed! 🙃🎉
Oh man I can't wait for Jim to shut them down
This came up on your normal subscription bell...so maybe all is not lost. I can't believe you got scammed! You're the KING of taking down the scammers. Looking forward to your next video, Jim! <3
Yes that screenshot is from dreams video.
Better title: Scammer scammed anti scammer then anti scammer hacked him.
FINALLY, GLAD TO SEE IT'S BACK UP AND RUNNING.
Good to see you back Jim.
can confirm, I had to resubscribe. But luckily this video popped up on my YouTube Home page. 👍
Glad you're back Jim, we can't afford to loose people like you. Cheers from Spain brother!
is this a bad sign of how sneaky scammers are or a good sign that they would go through this much effort because of how much Jim is really hurting them?
Then if emails are scams, how do we contact YouTube or Google by original emails?
Welcome back Jim 😭. I miss your channel.
What in the absolute.... I genuinely had to check whether these videos of other youtuber mentioning you disappearing wasn´t photoshopped. I thought this was a prank, even though April Fools Day is far away. But now, you have defeated the final boss of convincing scammers. You have ascended, and i will sue youtube if this video doesn´t blow up in the next few hours.
Wow, that was a close call. You're right, anyone can be scammed. Welcome back Jim.
You got exposed kiddo. Step your game up. Sad when heroes end up frauds
Glad you made this video to get this information out there :D  It was Kit Boaga xD lol jk jk
That Syrians got revenge on Jim on behalf of all scammers... Scary...
Whereas I can see why you might think he's bragging and the 12m views account with the est. rev. of $16169 picture is fake, it might actually be real. I am only saying this because look how badly the numbers dropped. That probably means that there were no updates and nothing new on the channel, hence the decline of it.
if your getting caught with scammers what chance do smaller channels on here like mine have ... so scary .. im glad you got your channel back .. they should be ashamed trying too do this ..
Glad you were able to recover your account and recognized in time that the interaction with with a scammer. But one comment on your statement that capital letters in the wrong place indicate what I think you said was the probability of a scammer. I use voice recognition because I hate typing. And many times the autocorrect function capitalizes words that should not be capitalized, along with other English grammar errors, even though I saw the word or words appear correctly at first. And I don't always catch them before sending the text. The funny thing is that right now the voice recognition I'm using is working pretty good. Again, glad you're back.
This has happened to quite a few youtubers lately
Crazy! Welcome back.
Jim Browning got scammed?! NO WAY!?
AtomicShrimp emphasized that I'm supposed to insult scam victims.  ...  Wait, that's not right.
Good to see you back..
Welcome back Jim.
he has made jim mad, jim's coming for you
Me watching Jim Browning after getting scammed of a refrigerator:
Glad you were not too proud to admit you got scammed. Any scam that uses the actual website name is really scary.
Bless you Jim, I’m glad your channel, I never search that way
Holy shit! I feel like they knew who you are and they were trying to take you down
Well done for showing how it can happen to anybody under the right conditions. Goods news: my subscription and notification setting  for your excellent channel didn't reset :)
He didn't set his from email as google.com, that's a notification just like you'd receive from Facebook telling you you got a new comment. It's like you received a comment from a facebook account that put their profile name as "Facebook Support" and you believed it.
Welcome back!
We riot now....
how did you fall for such an obvious email scam baiter??
I am so happy you are back!! And you have your contet back as well! 🙏 You are a legend, Jim! 🙌 Best wishes from Switzerland
Welcome back jim! Glad to have you back.
Holeechet
Ironic. He could save others from scams.  *But not himself.*
Amazing job on the recovery. Well Done, a true JB experience.
Careful there Jimmy
Revenge is in order, find the culprit and blow him/her out!
Wow you got your channel restored on my bday! Wish come true
They say the same thing about cults.. please don't join a cult.
The immediate thing that would have got me wondering was the fact they never started with 'Hi username or firstname' .
luckily i didnt need to resub to see this video on my sub feed
Keep fighting the good fight. Sometimes you may get knocked down, but the most important thing is to not stay down and get back up.
Hi jim.  Just to say glad yer back and I didn't have to resubscribe, FWIW.
Wow, filthy scammers
didn't have to resubscribe by the time I saw this looks like you are restored fully
I haven't been more excited to watch a video in ages!! So glad your back in business. There never gonna get you down!
i love how they didn't say they're from youtube, or they work at youtube, they ARE youtube. like, they're the entire thing
Look to the person who benefited the most, it was the other jim browning all along. What a twist!
Jim, you numptey
Glad you are back, this was an eye opener!
Was it the technique from Communist China?
glad to see you back
Scammers is watching scammers is here
Didn’t have to resubscribe,,, Regards,, Nigel
The legend is back!!!
GLAD YOU ARE BACK!!! I did not need to resubscribe thankfully! Glad you are back. I recently found a scam on searching no longer published books that I almost fell for. It takes you to a fake chat site to convince you to provide a credit card to purchase a scanned PDF. Is this something the anti-scammer community has seen as well?
I'm subscribed to this channel because this guy is a genius and he teach us alot. We should all be subscribed to learn and keep such brilliance on the good side
INFO FOR JIM BROWNING: The channel he is referring to is Graham Stephan
That scammer is going to be as revered amongst his peers as the woman who won the Philippines' first ever gold medal is in her country.
Dead Giveaway -  4:23 After creating a new brand account, please let us know. Wait.....You're YouTube...you would KNOW as soon as I create it. You have the ability to see it. I shouldn't have to let you......WAIT A SECOND!!!!!
Glad you got your channel back, Jim!
Good to have you back man. Scammers we are coming to get you.
One word, 3 letters. Lol
This truly shows that everyone can get scammed so watch out everyone
Lucky that you checked the email address in the chat before you went any further, but damn.  I mean the dude was able to get you, of all people, to go as far as deleting the channel. And I imagine nearly every Youtuber that isn't as knowledgeable about scams to your level (or Kitboga) would be tricked by all of this.
The title of the email says google . com, what does the actual sender say?
Yessssss you got your channel back! Yay!
Glad you are back! And the detailed description of the phish and social engineering are really useful. We tell people to check the real email address to spot a phish but your scammer's ability to fake the Google email domain shows that's not 100% reliable. We'll add this example to our education for our AARP members.
Ngl pretty ironic
Well, if Jim fell for a scam, what chance do the rest of us have?
I saw that screenshot on this video https://youtu.be/YIWV5fSaUB8
Lets all give the other Jim Browning some love yall <3
Glad you got it back 🤠 scary this happened to you and psyched substance just recently
Hey  Jim,  Good story and glad your account is back. One would hope you don't fall for that again.
So many YouTube pages with *less than usual rather than "fewer than usual".
The scam buster got to comfortable and then got SCAMMED!  Kinda embarrassing. Do you have a direct contact at Google you could have contacted first?
Hi Jim, I thought it would be a bit sus with the line, 'We will permanently suspend your YouTube account.' I thought they would temporarily suspend not the account, not permanently suspend it.
Dang, even Jim fell for it?
i know i should have sympathy for you but Jim, you are an absolute goose. There is no reason for anybody to follow links in an email.  HOW MANY TIMES I GOTTA TELL YOU JIM, NEVER EVER TRUST AN EMAIL.
I think you should mention U2F keys it's the only way to prevent phishing because it also checks the website. Codes from SMS and authentication app can be phised when scammer says that he send this code
*Welcome back, Jim <3 wonderful news*
Probably should start by fixing the fact that you plug your bitcoin address twice in the description but im glad your back :D
😂 yeah, fuck around and find out. Don't attract these kind of people.
Nice!
Scammers are evolving
Jim is back, thank you.
F
SO HAPPY YOU'RE BACK i was legit starting to get scared it couldn't be restored
I am very protective about my information and dodge tons of bullets but there was one that almost got me.... In short, I had to get my passport and had an appointment to get it but due to covid my appointment was moved back to an unknown date and well government pages aren't that user friendly plus I got no response from any kind of support so I was blind, then after weeks of checking the page via google to see if I got my appointment a new site got created and in a rush, I went to get a new appointment until I released that it required payment via other methods that are not government-approved, in the end, I did not lose that much personal data just some basic stuff, but I did dodge a bullet.... I reported the page to the correspondent authorities and in the end got no response...
Plot twist: It was all part of masterplan of that other Jim to get his channel show up when typing /jimbrowning after youtube site. Executed to perfection.
Ohh wow I was wondering tf happened to this channel
Jim seems to be working fine now.  Im suscribe, with the notifications working and all.
Great to have you back. What a great community 👏
Dude got uno reverse'd
Love you Jim... even though Jim isn't probably your real name.
Oh Jim!!!  You sound so calm and collected.  If that had happened to me I'd have thrown myself to the floor and screamed and screamed till I was sick!
Too bad you didn't get a phone call from yourself, to warn you about the scam.
Unreal brotha. You are human after all, and here we are thinking you're an AI who cares about humans lol. At least you got content out of it in the end
Glad u got it sorted out.  Happens to the best ... with all the daily routines etc. and lack of proper attention at one bad moment and ... just like that.
AS BAYRAKLARI AS
So was that dude Syrian or Turkish? And what if a VPN was used to mask the actual location? Anyways Jim that dude succeeded in turning you into an A r s e for a few days for sure. Lol
Im so glad you returned. Jim is the hero we need.
I am glad you are up and running
Thank you Jim for sharing what happened to you. This was a big lesson. I admire you courage for admitting your mistake.
Literally have no words about the account hope the account is back up and running
Welcome back!
With the 2-step, couldn't he just tell you that HE'S sent a code to your phone and then ask you to enter it into chat to prove it's your phone number.
Good to be back in action.
Welcome back my friend lots of love from India❤️♥️
15:30, he might have meant 2 million Hungarian Forint which is about $6,000 USD.
Jim nearly met his match.
Now its personal*
Rule 1: YouTube is too big and too busy to contact you peronally like that. Even +10 million subs you will most likely not have that direct contact with anyone on YouTube unless YOU contact them.
Now all we need is a Jim Browning and Jim Browning collab.
Wow that scammer guy pulled off the biggest uno reverse card in the history of all uno reverse cards!
great to see you back again!
./jimbrowning secretly his Alt account
These scams have been happening on YouTube for years now. I hope you'll start covering these types of scams more to prevent other YouTubers from getting scammed out of their account like you and others did.
Glad you are back!
Wondered why I couldn't find you it. seems the scammers were studying you.
I think it was very big of you Jim to admit you were the victim of a scam. Youtube and Google have got too big for their boots. They just take every bodies security and integrity for granted. This situation in a corporation as big as they are should never have been able to happen. I hope everybody can learn from your experience. Check, then check again before doing anything out of the ordinary.
Looking forward to much more regular content from Jim Browning than was the case before the "scam attack". .
Thankfully I'm still subscribed or I may have missed all this
I bet this camera felt pretty damn proud of himself, I've seen scammers bring up Jim's name before in Kitboga's streams so a large number of scammers are aware of him
proof that it can happen to ANYONE
I cant believe this is a true story...Sorry Jim.
9:24 "I'm YouTube."  Ah, of course.
Glad you got everything back!! Just goes to show, anyone can fall victim to a scam if the timing is right.
Phew.
At least we will get more scam videos now
Welcome back... you've proved you're human after all!
13:38 Those statistics are easily fabricated, I don't know how, but I've seen someone's clip - it was made on April Fools' Day - with those numbers blown up!
Glad to have u back
Glad you were able to get your channel back
Glad to see you back in action .. 👍
I missed you man. Glad to see you again. I hope it will never happen again.
Welcome back, Jim.
Delighted everything went your way buddy, that could have caught anyone.
Literally the best example I know of “it happens to the best of us”
Obviously the REAL Jim Browning is a mastermind behind this scam! His goal was claiming the name all along!
i have seen many people talk about this exact scam, luckily he messed with the wrong person GG
Holy shit, I can imagine how actually scared Jim was. Given that even the real youtube support itself it's kinda of a mess.
that was scary as fuck, even Jim can be scammed with the cleanest method ever.
LMAO that's hilarious.
i'm still subscribed , only thing i had to do was enable the bell again..   glad that your back
Welcome back.  It appears The Spiffing Brit was hit by this scam as well.  I hope he gets his account back as well.
JIM BROWNING GOT SCAMMED? PROOF 2021 IS AN ALTERNATE REALITY
Glad to see you back. Continue the good work of exposing scammers
always got to be vigilant, those nasty lowlifes can fool anyone
quick tip change your youtube link on your twitter and other pages. Although we do love the new Jim Browning
Welcome Back Jim!! 🤘🤘✌️👍!!!
You tube is such a big problem. Billions in ad revenue, and they can't even lift a finger to help creators.
How dumb can you be brother
Even the best can get scammed
This was most sophisticated scam ever. Bravo JIM !!
Glad you are back
The revenue screenshot might actually be real. If the scammer really "owns" the channel, he wouldn't make content on it, therefore the views and subs would be on the decline. If he wanted to brag he would have chosen a "better" channel
wb, gg
Jeeze that was a close one Jim, the fact that even you could be almost caught means the rest of us mortals would have easily have been caught. Well done, I like your new channel btw ;)
Glad you were able to get it back. Guess you have a new pair of brown pants now.
Oh well this would prolly help the Spiffing Brit
Wait soooo.. why were you filming your entrie interaction with the scammer? Were you suspicious of the e-mail? Or is this a recreation?
Never had to re-sub to the channel, glad to hear things worked out
Glad to see you back. This is proof that even the best of us are not infallible
I was just watching Mutah's vid on this, glad you got your channel back
Am I the only syrian who felt guilty while watching this video? 😂
This is scary. Def setting up 2 step on all my important accounts now. Nobody is safe
Welcome back jimothy
Welcome back, Jim!
I'm glad you're here! Some heroes don't wear capes! Get those scammers 👊
Very glad to know that your channel is complete!
For those who think only stupid fall to scams
I must say Jim; after all; I am a _bit_ disappointed that you fell for this. 😁  Hehe; Im joking; good to have you back, man. Looking forward to your next projects!
When I'm faced with one of these situations, I have a fool-proof way of checking the validity of whoever might be reaching out to me. Just don't reply for am hour or two (after the first reply, of course). If they reach out twice in a row, it's definitely a scam. Official YouTube has no reason to want you to fix your account so badly they text more than once. It's just too desperate and then it becomes so very obvious. Scammers can't get around this, either, since this is their method of income.
Mate im kinda scared for my safty after this video.
Bruh people check emails ?
Always axe questions
The scammer scammer got scammed. Rip
DADDY JIM IS BACK
Woah, Jim Browning just got scammed
These scams are getting pretty in-depth.
I'm glad this managed to get sorted out. Was scared there for a bit.  Welcome back jim
A very brave thing to do Jim! I think most people automatically feel angry and embarrassed when they become a victim of such scams. However we are all human and have our off days… IT security pros are no exception to this. I am really glad that you turned this stressful experience around and shared your learnings with us all. Great work as always, I really value your content. 🙏
The justice of hackers lol😲😲😅😅🙁✌️
Soo good to see it is back!
This shows that even someone who stops scams can be scammed. Really makes you realize how hard it can be to tell.  Oh, well this point was actually made later in the video.
Payback is a Biatch...
This is the most ironic thing ever lol
Welcome back Jim. Nice to see you again. They never put down a good man. Scammer you will never win. That's. For sure you can all rat in jail. 😡😡
Love your honesty mate. Even the experts can get scammed.
Jim Browning can be scammed? Now I'm afraid!
“The return of the king”
welcome back!
The scammers are after you
they must of targeted you. With how much you hurt their revenue.
Missed you Jim, I wondered what happened.  Thankfully, You are now here again.
Im gonna be honest. Not until this video do I know that you were gone...
I’m glad your back Jim
At least you have the balls to admit you were scammed!  I admire that.
“The return of the king”
Well... Girlfriend has a 200k Youtube channel and a Russian hacker managed to hack into her account, WITH 2FA ON, and could live stream something about a crypto scam, so the channel got deleted from youtube. Viewers sent messages to her and we managed to get the account and channel back. I was asking myself all the time, how it could be possible for someone, to login into your youtube account, even WITH 2FA activated. So be careful!
What I don't understand is how they will actually make money once the channels are taken over. Obviously they won't be making or uploading the same content so the subscribers will notice something is wrong. Or are they taking the adsense from existing videos only?
you gotta be a beast to pull one over on this guy
Maybe saying everything that was wrong with the email and saying what it should've been isn't a good idea because NOW they know what to fix and scam more creators. 🤔
You the man, Jim. You the man.
What's scary is the fact that you were scammed. I noticed a lot of spam emails getting through the "spam" filter in my Gmail account and going to the "forum" folder.
I haven't watched the video YET. But going to speculate that YouTube's own terrible/non/absent customer service and the scammers being more communicative contributed towards your downfall. See you in a bit...  [EDIT]: Well. That was a journey. Sad to hear about this, but glad you're back. YouTube customer support did a good job at convincing you they were the scammers though.   All hail the new Jim Browning though.
Good to see you got it sorted Jim!!
I wonder if that "very big youtuber" was from Steve Terreberry. I'm pretty sure he had his channel hacked and taken over fairly recently
You need to get’em back and shut all these scammers down. Happy to see your Channel back. 👍
Batman returns.
Holy Shit! Jim Browning got scammed 😳😳
The thing is after being scammed he still managed to get the scammers Ip address 😂😂
Your phone is Redmi branded (I see notification bar).
I nearly got scammed in the same way. By shear coincidence. Started a new job and then got an email from “inland revenue” saying I had a tax refund. Fortunately my wife’s and accountant, messaged her and mentioned it, she told me it was a scam and she’d seen loads! Glad you resolved your ordeal!
I’m glad you’re back, Jim!  You know what would be cool?  Doing what you did for the outro.  Putting a giant sped up video of a scam call centre with that music.  That’s what would pull in more viewers, in my opinion!
LEETTS GOO!! YOUR BACK
Truly a win-win situation for you lol. Got channel back and a new video for it.
Batman is a scary dude.. the only thing scarier??   Batman out for revenge.
I'm super scared now. I didn't guess that there would scam a very sneaky like.
I'm YouTube 🤣🤣🤣🤣
The easy pint happily apologise because heron unlikely squeal behind a prickly leo. spiky, wretched head
Great to see you back Jim.
The email address may always be spoofed, but there are ways to check: In gmail, click the "show original" option and check that both SPF and DKIM checks "PASS", also look out for suspicious "reply to" fields, that make sure you don't reply to the spoofed address, since the scammer doesn't actually control it.  ThioJoe made a great video about this.
they got spiffing brit apperently
It’s like he was wished back from the Dragon Balls
LOL at 'The Quartering' presuming to care about people being scammed when he's a grifter himself. Good to see you got your channel back, Jim, but that was a rookie mistake.
Jim browning is going full pleasnt green
Welcome Back!!! 💛
Scammer: “We have detected a duplicate account so you need to duplicate your account and delete your account, otherwise we will delete your account.”  Obvious scam.  Real YouTube staff would have had the power to resolve the situation themselves without relying on input from the user.
As a Syrian, this is a huge shame to us, all scammers should be dealt with and we shouldn’t show any mercy to them, we have a whole community watching your videos and learning how not to be scammed, also that scammer would just say he is Syrian so he could cover his true identity, he obviously knows what this channel is about and playing it dumb, great to have you back Jim and hopefully we will get more scammers down everyday!
The legend himself is back
Wow
That was an adventure Jim. As much as a headache that was, that scammer actually gave you some content and tips to show us about these youtube channel scams. Lying about having $ 2.5 mil then resorting to begging you for $100 shows how hungry this dude is
…. So u got scammed
How do we know you are the real jim?
I'm so happy you're back!
This is a great video. Every single person that watches this video will be smarter than they were before they watched it. Your transparency is very much appreciated. We're all imperfect. Caught off guard because of a lucky timed message even a bada** like you can make a mistake. It can happen to anyone. Thank you!
Resubbed -  Welcome back!
so glad your back
U are fighting CRIME.. and cowards are shooting the messenger!! wow!
Thanks for putting this out there…it has helped me see just how “scammy” the scammers are!
Welcome back!
You are a good man  you know what, there are a thousands thousands thousands and thusands ........ scammer in India .
Glad that you know mid way that you've been scam. Welcome back!
I’m glad to see you back.   I didn’t need to resubscribe, thankfully!
I wonder if he’s can do the same thing to YouTube
LOVE YOU JIM!! Keep it up x
Wow, that's absurd, how can people make emails that look that convincing?
Thanks Jim. If they can get you they can get anyone. Makes me feel a lot better about very nearly being taken myself a couple of years ago. Keep up the good work!
9:46 YouTube will decide your fate   *I AM YOUTUBE*   More seriously, what did making a brand account have to do with the scam? Why couldn’t he just ask for the password directly?
Nice channel. Im a new subscriber
If Jim Browning got scammed the rest of us are F*cked
Welcome back Jim, love to see you here again.
Welcome back!
Somehow, someone somewhere had the balls and was able to scam the fucking Anti-Scam Juggernaut into deleting his channel. Goes to show that anyone can be scammed, no who matter who they are. Stay sus out there
Indian techies strike back. 🤔
Scammers were having a field day. Time to put them back in their holes.
So glad you're back! In a way, you are the perfect person they should try this scam on because you are smart enough and known enough to get these scammers info and inform everyone on this topic. Thanks for sharing your experience and I look forward to your future videos. 🙌🏻
The Spiffing Brit fell for this scam, would be awesome if you worked with him to spread awareness about this one! Edit: might have even been his account in the video
its extremely well made. But the thing that ticked me off is "We will permanently suspend your YouTube Account" That made me think its a scam because of the clarification. What did they mean by saying it? Suspend your account as a whole? Your ads?
Jim, seems I’m still subscribed.. all good (I hope). Thank you for sharing. I hope they get this guy. Did you actually lose any revenue?
I am so happy Jim you are back!
This was a really intresting video! Shows no one is safe from scammers. Also you are right. I needed to resubscribe!
So glad you got your channel back 😥🙏🏻
", but it does go to prove that anyone can be scammed if the circumstances are exactly right. " Dude It was obsious that was a fishing email ! It's a joke that you look the sender details... Everyone can change it, it proves absolutly nothing ! Google would never send you an email like that omg, are you idiot ?
Good thing you got your account back
Wonderful to have you back!
Looks like Spiffing Brit was hit by this today too.
This instance has given this man a version of PTSD. He will no longer be the same and every email he gets will bring this memory back. Trust has probably gone out the window.
13:39 I tend to think it is legit, given how the numbers are dropping,
Wow, Jim, you were really asleep at the wheel here. I could see how the domain name in the original email could have gotten you, but the rest was off, and that GOOGLE CHAT CONVERSATION WAS SO WEIRD. We're all human, though, I guess. Scammers can't rely 100% on idiots.
I an sorry, it was I who scam you. I am sorry.
yay hes back
Oh wow, it got better. What i suspect happened is this guy asked someone the same question he asked you: 'do you know anyone you'd like to scam?' and someone gave him your channel name 😂😂
wait this isn't the jim browning i was looking for
I think the spiffing brit has had this happen to him
I bet you have Xiaomi phone (12:35) Bro :3
"what do you mean? i'm youtube"    hahahahaha i'm dead lol
Hopefully you didn't click that link??? Awww man you did. 😔 I would have gone on my own and contacted youtube directly via normal means, even though the initial email seemed legit. Links from email just can't be trusted these days.
The same AdSense thing happened with GSMArena.
Damn, found out yesterday i think from mutahar that you got messed with, glad you're back
Welcome back Jim!
WELCOME 🙏 BACK
This just happened to the Spiffing Brit. Go give the lad some support on Twitter!
When the fake YouTube support scammer is more reachable than the real YouTube support team
The link the scammer sent you jim is a ps'd social blade link. The user's name was swapped out for the " your"  channel part..
What pricks actually thumbed down this vid. Have a word with yourself. Jim I appreciate your honesty and transparency of the entire thing. Glad to see you back account and all, take care out there!
Bruh imagine doing all of that for $100
Welcome back🎉🎉
I got one of this emails too, but since I don't have any AdSense because I only have 800 subs I ignored it... I am glad you are back! Let's revenge on this scammers
I was watching your videos on the exact moment this happened
That scammer said something that raised a Red Flag.  He asked for money so that he could leave the scamming business.  Recently I've noticed some YouTube channels that might be "posing" as Scam Baiting channels, but might in fact be actual scammers.  They 'interview' scammers and try to gain viewer sympathy for the scammer's economic situation, so they ask viewers to donate money so that the scammer can quit scamming and lead an honest, upright life.  But one thing I know for certain, once a scammer, always a scammer.  So I'm super suspicious of those channels that ask for money to 'rescue' the scammers from a life of thieving.  I hope no one is dumb enough to fall for that obvious ruse.
"I'm back" "nice!"
Welcome back!!
I cant believe anyone managed to scam you.  At least others can feel a bit less embarrassed when they are caught out.
I saw the message about your account issues, but actually assumed that was a scam, so I figured this weekend I'd take some time to look into it. Glad to hear that you got things sorted out.
Great it was recovered, but I learned years ago that only looking at the domain name isn't enough. I would never have pressed "delete my account", I would stop right there and research first. But I do see how this can be tricky when you're not focused.
Glad ur back !
The origin story
I missed you 😭
If only you did /jim-browning
Luckily I didn't need to resubscribe to your channel!
Welcome back mate. No one is immune and I respect you for coming back. I would definitely be embarrassed but the community would lose one of the best creators if you didn't come back
Well, I suspected PayPal of scam twice, they really do not like me using VPN :p I got a lot of phishing for it as well, but I use different email for most services now so it is easy to filter out those random phishing attacks.
if this guy can get scammed then i am completely frikked
Thank u Jim I’ll be more weary about odd emails
Wow
Happy to have you back man!! ❤️🙌🏻😄
It’s a good reminder that everybody has their weakness. If you think you cannot fall for a scam you are deluded. I myself have being caught a couple of times. Just glad to hear the damage was contained and you are back up and running. Thankyou for sharing this.
Great insight again, Jim. I would love to see you interview more scammers, if possible.
Good to have you back
Would be gold if a recording surfaced of a phone call starting like this: "Hello Jim, trust me. You are being scammed".
wtf
So glad you got your channel back!
Wow, well, I thought I am smart and scams like this can`t happen to me. I guess I was wrong: if they are able to trick you, I`d be a piece of cake for them 😥 Thank you for your content and making the world a better place! Greetings from Germany, keep up your incredible work.
Another thing that should've given it away. Google/Youtube don't (afaik) give any warnings before taking things down due to some rule misunderstandings. It's more likely the channel is taken down on the standing spot, and only *after* an explanation in email will be senṭ from the youtube staff.
You are safe Jim; my original subscription remained intact, "glad you are back". I also use a two step authentication when it comes to sensitive information.
Wow that was a very close call Jim ... I think the syrian guy only knew about the whole ''procedure'' to move a channel to another, because he tried that on his own channel once, and figured out : he could make a scam out of this.  I can imagine, he indeed destroyed few big channels that way (i dont think he ''owns'' it, like he said ... probably he wanted to say : he pwned those big million-subscriber-channels ).  And i can imagine: someone who lose a channel that big , will indeed ready to pay 100 Dollars to regain his channel. And because he knew the exact youtube-procedure of ''moving a channel'' it sounded convincing - he got those 100 Dollars, but the Youtuber didnt got his channel back.  This video is a big reminder : that not everything is a matter of ''who is smarter'' . I am sure, Jim is smarter than this ''turkey/syria'' guy , but as Jim said correctly : the circumstances helped the scammer a lot. This video shows, how much security the internet needs - because if those security isnt established , than with the right circumstances everyone can be scammed (and thats really scary).
Deleted because they are far leftist and they hate the truth or anything that makes sense. Try different platforms. Bitchute, telegram,
I love that the scammer has been chatting with a channel icon that says "NO TECH SUPPORT SCAMS" but still doesn't know what your channel is about
I am like a few hours away if you need someone to sneak around. Oh and if the phone number was a Turkish number I can help out with filing a report if you are wanting to pursue that route.
The account at 13:00 could be a real one, cause the spiffing brit appears to have got hit by a scam like this
Glad ur ok now
When the anti-scammer gets scammed
Is this similar to the calendar events embedded in spams that directly added those events (including an URL..) to our google calendar, or the Google Docs exploit that made Google send us a link to a document in Google Drive when we were "mentioned" in it ?
I feel sad for you dude. you're like a hero fighting on the battlefield lines against the scammers of the world.
I Hope anyone who fell for this scam retrieves his/her account back.
The revenue screenshot looks like something from one of Graham Stephen's videos where he discussed how much he makes from YouTube. Not sure what video though.
Welcome back!
It's from a website that shows such information based on the creators name and it's mostly based on estimates....there's several sites as such
We're all human, and most of us are honest and moral. Which causes us to believe others are the same. Which in turn makes us vulnerable. I'm glad you got your channel back.
Congrats on getting your account back, but you really shouldn't associate yourself with Mark Rober. He's an unapologetic ableist and supports eugenics towards autistic people.
Good to be back JIM👍👍👍👍
Good to see you got it sorted, gotta  lv the interweb👍
big up Jim I'm  glad u back mate
May your Crusades against these filthy scammers march on!
Wooooow crazy glad you’re back
Plot twist, the scammer was the other Jim Browning who just wanted the URL 😂
Glad you got your channel back man!
lol
You are blessed.
20:18 is what got me cracking up 🤣🤣  Edit: I think the guy deleted his channel cause I can't find it even if I try :/
Get rused
Them YouTube analytics, it went round that some RiceGum guy was always showing off his figures so wonder if it was his
I'm resubscribed!   We were worried about you! Glad you're back !! Yay!!!
The King has returned.
I haven't needed to resubscribe to your channel.    This clip popped up in my feed 20 minutes ago and I've just watched it.  On searching for Jim Browning in YouTube only your channel comes up.
I think the funniest part of this was that the official YouTube support team sent the same instructions to restore your channel that the scammers used to have you replace it with an empty one.
Glad your back jim 🇬🇧 😁 we all missed you
Wow..... Welcome back ❤️❤️❤️
Scary stuff Jim!! BUT A PERFECT LESSON FOR ALL OF US!! You nailed it, it's timing and coincidence that lead to a lot of their successes, and thru simple mathematics and the law of averages they WILL SUCCEED in connecting with people at precisely the right time, so much so, that Jim freakin' Browning nearly fell for one!! Remember folks, DO NOT PANIC, a lot of these scams are based on panic, and getting you to react, to rush to solve the problem, and to get you so flustered and confused, all you want to do is make sure you're secure again.... TAKE YOUR TIME, ground yourself, if something HAS happened and whatever you're confronted with isn't a scam, then it's already happened, ground yourself, focus and make sure you're paying attention.... WELCOME BACK JIM!!!!
hi Jim, love your work as always, happy that you got your channel back,  your conversation with this scammer, and pointing out how much money they could make illegally is a bit concerning, it could be a way to finance terrorist organizations. maybe with this information you should contact higher authorities rather than local police.
Heroes does bleed..
I would have never deleted my comments. I bet I have at least 5k.
Welcome Back! :D
For Jim Browning to fall victim to this just shows how sophisticated this was. It appears The Spiffing Brit has fallen for the same scam. I'm sure there will be more before Google/YouTube closes the exploits that enable the hack to work.
So.. we will not talk too much about the @google.com?
Boy That Must be very scary. If he can be scammed what are we !!!The scammer surely has some good experience to get jim delete his channel!!
The screenshot is from disgusted toast!
Glad to have your channel back! I've rewatched all of your videos today!!  😂
Comforting to know even the great can fall victim.
I am still subscribed to ur channel and didnt have to resub or do anything, hope that helps?
I just got recommended your video, and then I clicked on it and your channel was deleted. I was waiting for you to come back, so glad you’re doing ok
I withdraw cash from an ATM of a bank I don't business with because my own bank didn't have any ATMs nearby.  30 minutes later I get a scam email from first bank (your visa was blocked) which I almost fell for, precisely because I had just used their services.  Scam email was random and unrelated but I almost fell for it due to the same circumstances Jim describes.
I'm glad you got your channel back, Jim! If you look closely at the original email, you can tell that it was genuinely from Google. The footer text even provides an unsubscribe link where you can turn off email notices for these messages. Only the content of the forwarded user-generated message should be in question.
Glad you're back!
Lol, looks like the other Jim Browning got the last laugh.
No need to subscribe again, I was already subscribed and the teaser at the end made my day :)
Oh my god I'm so happy you got it sorted. I was so scared there for a bit! You're a hero to me, I love what you do and I hope you get to keep doing it for as long as you can.
If Muta almost fell for this scam you can damn right believe others will :(
Welcome back Cyber Dad
Ngl, never knew that the channel was deleted
So glad you back.. i am a fan.. love what u do and how u always calm and don't panic
The screenshot could have been lifted from someplace else,  but if it doesn't show the chart properly, could just as easily be an HTML edit from the client's browser.
Welcome back jim👍
Plot twist: Jim set this up and scammed himself in an effort to appear more human and make people feel good about themselves.
you know, for a scammer, hes pretty nice
I think this was the boss scammer from one of the scammers jim has messed with so bad. They wanted revenge.
lmao, I love you but come on, you should know better than that
Good to have you back Jim!! You're one of my favorite YouTubers!
Great to hear from you Jim, welcome back.
It takes a lot to be able to admit that you've made a mistake. I wish we could normalize talking about being scammed... It will help people not be ashamed when the topic comes up, so that we could talk about it and warn others, easier.
I gave the other Jim a sub😀..
Wow! Absolutely a very shareable video to share awareness! I'm very glad that you come back 🇵🇭 ❤️
Fascinating
Watching your videos remind me of social engineering that I have been through and ending up losing 5000 USD despite that I am a software engineer and a cybersecurity expert. REMEMBER that there is always someone who is more matured in their field than you and me who are experts.
The golden rule with administration/support is that you contact them, you don't allow them to contact you.  If you think there might be a problem with your account, or someone claiming to be support or administration tries to contact you, go to the service provider's website and find the contact details of their actual support team and ask them if there's a problem...
I absolutely do not understand. How does having you delete the channel get them control over it? I realize they want your password...maybe they knew the instructions you were later given to undo the deletion already and were going to give that to you once you gave them login access? Would that have worked? So, absent sending you instructions, did google not actually do anything to enable you undoing the deletion?
you don't need to be a native english speaker to not be a scammer, jim...
YouTube (Menlo Park) is run by Asian Indians.  That's why.
LETS GO! He's back
Maybe this mess will kick off this other Jim Browning’s YouTuber career
The Telstra scam in Australia works because the national phone provider is so unreliable that there's a good chance that your internet isn't actually working when they cold call you
I was attracted to your channel by Penguinz0's reaction to one of your multi-parters, which was uploaded on someone else's highlights channel, I love how this sort of ecosystem sometimes promotes important stuff like this. However... My search for your channel was pretty awkwardly timed.  Very glad you've recovered, watched some videos already and you're doing incredible work.
The Spiffing Brit's channel get's deleted (presumably the exact same way you did) and this video gets uploaded on the same day 0.0 Coincidence?!!?!?   yea probably             OR DID YOU SECREATLY TEAM UP WITH THE SCAMMER TO TAKE DOWN SPIFFS CHANNEL AND BECOME A MULTI BILLIONARE 0.o
Wow, welcome back! Hope Karma gets that little s***t...
I ALMOST HAD U JIM!!!!!!!!!!! UR TO GOOD
I didn't even notice that you were gone haha
Welcome back!
So what’s the score? 40-1?
Wow you can even tell it happened! Go to his channel and sort videos by most popular 😁
Welcome back! Glad it wasnt permanent! ( ◜‿◝ )♡
Awesome video. My first thought was that one of your exposed scammers was trying to get back at you but no, it was a genuine scam. How interesting and certainly food for thought as far as coincidental events are concerned.
Targeted attacks like this one are hard to defend against. And as Jim says, when circumstances are not in your favor, you can fall for those phishings.  I have nearly fallen to internet banking hijack scam and only when triple guessing my self about 3/4 through the process I have realized what the hell is going on and rushed to change my password. I was expecting a email regarding a business and that scam arrived just in the right time to hide some of its imperfections under my expectations and trust...
Welcome back! Glad to see things got sorted out.
Freaking YouTube sucks!!
These are the kinds of things scammers prey on, a moment of having one's guard down or some (un)lucky coincidence. They cast a wide net where maybe 1/100 people gets caught up and it's very rarely due to the victim being just plain dumb or gullible. This isn't just a lesson but just more proof why we need heroes like Jim.
I wonder if this scammer understood the irony of what he was doing. If he did that's some serious balls.
glad to see you back jim browning
Why would you help him with his scam? You told him he was convincing which would give him the motivation to keep doing it. You needed to shut him down quick. Smh
So thankful you're back lmao
the 12 million views might be a fake page
Did the guy not see Jims thumbnail when he was trying to recruit him.
Your videos are always so absolutely fascinating. I'm glad you managed to get it sorted - must have been quite stressful!
Imagine the pride of this scammer. He scammed jim browning! Lol. It was a great scam, proves they're not as obvious as some may think.
How do you know this was a man?
I love that you are humble enough to share this with us, and give an honest account of how they managed to initially trick you.  So glad you realised and managed to get your channel back, and your preview for new content looks so interesting, can’t wait to see it x
Glad you're back again Jim!
We as community are really happy to see your channel back.
Glad you're back!
That's a perfect example that anyone can be tricked. That legit google.com domain is like a security switch off button.
Yay! welcome back Sir Jim Browning. Actually this experience has been helpful, because the few people i have helped out, who had been scam, always say how stupid they feel and feel foolish, etc. I always tell them it can happen to anyone,  can be bad timing etc. Now i can show them. :) BTW i did visit the other Jim Browning's site and thought, he's got a little gold mine now. ;D
Good to see you back sir..🙂
It's a great lesson to us all.
As technology and security knowledge increases, tricks for committing wrongdoings also advance. This video caught me off guard with how sneaky a lot of the initial correspondence is.
Thanks for the step by step. We can be inattentive at times but you handled it beautifully. Thanks for the video and welcome back!
Good for you for getting your channel back, and good for us that you have such a strong character as to share your own blunder, and teach us how to avoid it.
Here after spififng brit just lost his channel
Holy shit the fact that this even happened to fuckin' Jim is terrifying. It takes some serious humbleness to post something like this while being known as the scammer hitman. All the support :D <3
Is it mean YouTube support scammers when they delete yur channel Jim?  Myb YouTube only for people who publish their life style, giveaway channel and no educated contents 😁
damn. I hope you can get your URL back.
TheSpiffingBrit has also fallen victim to this scam today.
So glad you've gotten this channel back! 🥳🎉
Great video! Good way to show just how easy it is to get scammed, and all the details and things to be aware of. Nicely done
the scammer scammer got scammed
Oof tech scammer got himself scammed
Can you link the image he provided?  I could do some reverse image searching if it were used as an image on a webpage.  It'd be near impossible to find a youtube video with this screencap.  They usually are taken down because it shows revenue, which is to be kept personal as per ToS
Happens to the best of us mate. Glad it was only temporary 👍🏻
Ironic. He could save others from scam, but not himself. Good it's sorted out though
Welcome back Jim ❤️❤️ I thought I lost you
when the hacker becomes the hackee
I literally got an ad on this saying "welcome back"
I thought something was off because I couldn't find one of your older videos by searching for it but I don't use Twitter or any of that stuff so I've been out of the loop. I'm really glad your instincts kicked in when they did and that ultimately you got your channel back. Welcome back, Jim!  (Edit: Jim, the bots are plaguing your channel again 😑)
the 78 people who disliked this video were the scammers that jim ruined.
Its a superscript its not google they used superscript to make it look like google
The cojones it must take to try and scam Jim Browning
Scammer Scammer gets scammed
Defeat only makes you stronger
To anyone who says ''only idiots get scammed'' want to explain this? remember to turn your VPN on before commenting ;)
Even good swimmers drown too
Thank goodness you are back omg that scared me I can’t imagine what I would feel it happens to me
Welcome back Jim. We will always have your back.
Disappointed in you, but it shows that even the best can still be caught out. You are still my hero
Also, with how he “proved” how he owned a large YouTube channel with 12m views, he could have easily photoshopped or used inspect element onto an existing channel of his.  Also, with the 2FA /2SA if someone manages to sim swap your phone, they could be able to reset your google passé word and access your account without a password.
Wow this is some epic reveal. Very glad you got everything back, plus I am looking forward to your next video.  And all I can think is that I reckon this give you more spirit to knock them down. Some days, I wish I could hack computers. For the one and only purpose to shut them down. Ofcourse, not without having some fun first and seeing the chaos inside the building rise to the limits :)
Very interesting.  I checked and I'm still subbed.  That new video coming out about the scam call center looks intriguing and I can't wait til you put it out.  Glad you were able to get back up and running.
How the tables have turned
Wow! That is scary! Thanks for being humble enough to share this. Keep up the amazing stuff you do to educate us.
They are revolting oh noes (this is a joke)
Glad to have you back Jimmy, grandfather of YouTube scambaiters.   Can we start calling you daddy?
Lmao
Don't trust anything from Google anyway, they're often as bad as scammers with the way they operate.
Great explanation. Happy your hard work in creating your Chanel is resolved. As you say…anyone can be scammed. Thank you for your work.
Glad to have you back
With all the information on that google form, the scammer would probably have been able to convince youtube support that the phone used for 2FA was lost/stolen/otherwise not available, and that he was the legitimate owner that should be allowed access to the channel without being able to receive the verification sms...
No one is imperviouse....
This is social engineering, quite interesting to watch.
That screenshot looks like that "How to make revenue" Youtube video Ive seen....hold on I gotta find it. Its this girl..ugh I forgot
jim! ur back im so happy! :D
It's crazy that this wasn't a revenge scam, the guy knew nothing about you.
I was wondering where you were at and what had happened to your channel. I go back and watch videos every once in awhile even though I've watched them many times.
Even if you wouldn't be able to get it back, this would be a well known path already and you would get your new channel up and running in no time with even more subs :)
Glad to see you back! When I heard what happened I was so worried for you ngl.
Wow 144k views in an hour
Burn them all Jim
The return of the tech king
How come when I sort your videos by most popular nothing pops up? Is this a symptom of your channel restoration?
SomeOrdinaryGamers nearly fell for this scam as well.  I’m just glad that you were able to get your YouTube channel restored.
Your fears in the explanation are completely understandable,either way,have a good day
Oh god
They even act as Apple now too and send fake real looking emails/ notifications saying I’m logged in in two different states. They called me and I almost believed them for the sake of how they know that, UNTIL they asked me to download the team viewer app. Lmao I asked why it had so many bad reviews and he said “cause it’s new” so I proceed to ask where’s he located and what time it was, he said California of course and I called him out as a stinkin benchode scammer and they hung up
i hope you get back at the bastard that tricked you into deleting your channel
I'm so glad you got your channel back! And that ending though, can't wait to see that! 😊
WB, glad everything got sorted!
This video also proves that anyone of us can be scammed not matter how familiar we are with online fishing. Stay safe. Be aware.
Psyched Substance <- also got deleted but got their channel back from the same scam
I’m just trying to figure out what the replace function is for.
Welcome back, no harm done. You got a nice video out of this as a bonus too. Interesting.
Aren't we all got scammed. That looks like it was well-made. Glad you recovered just in a nick of time. Stay safe out there, buddy.
I didn't know Jim could be scammed, but there is a first time for everything. I'm glad he didn't lose his channel though.
This really does put things in perspective, your never too smart to be scammed. Happens to the best of us.
Welcome back Jim! I still see myself subscribed to your channel. Looking forward to more of your vids!!
GLAD TO SEE YOU BACK, JIM!
hehehehe
Really glad that you're back in action!  I don't blame you for falling for it initially, that @google.com is tricksy, false.
I wrote on your original tweet to report the domain so I'm happy that it didn't get ignored. I can say without a doubt that DH is looking into the issue considering at least 13 people to my knowledge clicked on the link and a few more on Reddit. support-youtube, as mentioned at around 8:28 in the video, is another domain that should be reported (both to their registrar Bigrock and to DigitalOcean who is hosting their SMTP server), support-youtub should also be reported to Google Domains. Also important to note is that this is legally fraud (they are (1) intentionally (2) misrepresenting (3) a material fact known to the defendant (they weren’t YouTube Support) (4) with the intention to deprive a person of property or other injuries (transferring someone's account to profit from ad revenue), this verbiage comes from the California civil code but applies here anyway) and it should be reported to the UNHCR via email.  This is most definitely, based on the fact support-youtube is registered by BigRock (the biggest Indian registrar), an international scam and the guy in the video is responsible for a small yet powerful part of it.  Stay safe, everyone!
This guy also did the same thing to yaser al bahari youtube channel. And he was syrian in turkey he is the same guy.
Wait what
I got hacked within days of you, for context I'm in my 20s, have always been into amateur security, haven't had a virus since I was maybe.. 12? I haven't even seen a virus popup in a good 5+ years. I always use 2FA, I always use a VPN, I always have virus scanner on. Even through all that; Someone was able to access my google account, the password chain, and then gain passwords to all my accounts, (Banking, Paypal, Social media, etc.). It was a real hassle for a few days, but it was quickly fixed with some patience and determination.  I will never scoff at my grandparents or parents again if they get hacked. These methods are getting scary, and if someone like Jim can get hacked, it's a real wakeup call on another level. I have a lot left to learn about security. Thank you so much Jim. I'm a big fan.
Glad your back
Glad glad to hear you finally got it sorted
WB!
Rock on for shouting out the YouTube support rep.
They just helped you make even more content and money by doing what they did. Good job
I didn't notice it was taken down, and today this video just appeared on my subscription list. Didn't need to resubscribe.
Glad to see your channel back, sure it's a bummer that you lost the unique URL. We got your back Jim, most important was your channel so we can follow and support your work.
If Jim is caught out, there is no hope for us mortals 😔
9:43 has me dead 💀  "What do you mean by real support? I'm YouTube"
Welcome back Jim glad your back
I can't believe this happened! So glad to see you back. Shoutout to SOG for highlighting this with YouTube!
Welcome back king
so basically... google fucked  up
Their is a saying let me see oh yes "What does not kill you, makes you smarter" words to that effect.
This is like Batman getting tricked by a random goon on the street and sticking around amused by how they genuinely managed to trick him
"I'm YouTube" - Not YouTube
Stay strong and hone your coding skills Sr.
Thank god you somehow made it back
was anyone else midway binge watching his videos at the exact moment he deleted it? i was
Stay put...
I thought you did it on purpose to then milk a few videos out of it
Welcome back Jim. We missed you.
You are THE GOAT!!!!
3 things Jesus' love will never do  ·Will never leave you broken-hearted (Psalm 147:3) ·Will never reject you (John 6:37) ·Will never leave you nor forsake you (Hebrews 13:5)    So basically, Jesus is never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around and desert you.
Scary!
Oh shit, this scam is smart All steps until 6:45 are completely legitimate, it was the "replace" thing deleted everything, which he could use as a "ransom" if someone noticed at that point  Honestly it makes no sense that Youtube doesn't warn you that moving to Brand account also removes your videos and not just comments, but it's a pretty dead and outdated feature too
Good to see you back Jim
hi...glad to see your channel back and thanks for your nice contents ...i am from syria too and i am not happy to see someone saying he is from syria and  doing this to u :(...
JIM BROWNING FREED!
"I'm Youtube!" 🤣🤣🤣
Glad to see you back Jim Browning
hey, you are back, welcome to youtube, nice to see you
I was wondering where have you been as i havent received an YT upload notification in 2 years for some reason. Glad youre back tho.
The fact that you got in the scammers head is extremely impressive. This channel is just crazy good.
fekin hell jim bob im surprised at you falling for that
Welcome back! I look forward to seeing more from your channel!
IT'S BACK! GREAT SCOTT
“They didn’t know what content I make” Your profile in all caps + bold tellers crossed out: TECH SUPPORT SCAMS  Scammers are something else
It seems like scammers are getting more vicious as of late. I wonder if it's down to the dropping economy...
Just got a patreon for £1 a month :) every pound counts :)
God thanks you got your channel back
One thing bothering me all the time was, after a person gains 100k subs, he/she gets a personal youtube official for help. Why didn't Jim just ask him/her about this all?
Welcome back Jim.
Wow, talk about game on.
I bet he is living in a villa due to his location.
Just happened to the Spiffing Brit as well.
what a shame, I was sure you will never be scammed
Damn thats a very good scam,  Good thing you got your channel back
Jim, I'm glad you're back. I'm a little surprised this happened to you but, this just goes to show that _anyone_ can be scammed given the right circumstances and I should always be wary, triple check every detail possible and if something doesn't seem right, don't do it.
I was subscribed and still subscribed post incident - viewing this due to notification. So, at least that's OK.   Every best wish, @Jim Browning
I always tell people that anyone, in the right set of circumstances, with the right scam, and on just the wrong day, can get scammed.
Well, the scammer didn't pay much attention either, or he would have noticed that the channel was called Jim Browning.
oh.
LMAO U GOT SCAMMED
thank you for sharing, showing it can happen to anyone, glad you were able to recover everything! keep up the good work
I was wondering where where you. I thought you went undercovered. Good to have you back !  EDIT : So hes making milions of dollars right ? And hes using mid range Samsung...ahahahahha what a fucking looser
Wow. Missed you buddy! I am surprised google just allows stuff like this happen starting from the google chat... I mean that is just dumb. Hundreds of engineers, hundreds of PM's for a product and they have no common sense to not allow such things...
If these scammers were any good, they would've found a way to keep our boy Jim off youtube permanently and scare him off from doing what he does.   But seeing as how Jim is back, maybe these scammers aren't as smart as they think they are.  Welcome back, Jimbo!
yay your back
I was scammed about 10 years ago over a period of about 2 years by a person in California for over 50k au, (not even game to add it up properly lol) it was humiliating, financially devastating for me and messed with my head and trust immensely, I still feel so stupid, I am not a computer genius but I normally have good common sense and enough knowledge to avoid scams, but obviously I was stupid in this situation, it wrecked me financially and mentally and i am still trying to recover, its hard to even admit it happened and that I fell for it   ....... so yes, any1 can get scammed, especially if it plays on your fears or desires etc aswell. Just glad you caught it and sorted things out before it became too much irreversible damage was done. I am just soo glad you recovered everything and are able to keep up the amazing job you do taking the fight to these vermin and helping so many people. Thankyou for your amazing work Jim, blessings from down under
SUPREME VICTORY. RETURN OF THE KING.
Psychedsubstance YouTube was taken from him recently from this type of scam
no wonder i couldnt find his channel
Jim, do you think you can retrieve youtube.com/jimbrowning? It's quite unfortunate that you lost it
It's amazing how oblivious he sounded of the sort of content you post.. & targetted you instead. What an irony!
So they asked you to do stuff they could have done themself to fix the issue, thats my first flag, second flag, youtube and support never use anythiing else than email from what i remeber, not some forwarding message-as-email system or their own support page system. My second flag is a chat request. Third, dont you have a representative person at youtube seeing you are that big? if really there is an issue your rep will contact you, not some randos on support system.  You are good Jim, really good, even the mighty can fall! Take care chief. Weakess link to comprised security will always be human.
Mad respect to owning up to this. I've gotten into the habit of always contacting companies through their official website after receiving an email. All companies have ticket systems that are viewable by support staff and they will without fail be able to track wether or not you were actually sent an email. It's a bit problematic however with youtube and google since they don't exactly make it easy to contact them.. :/
NONE OF US ARE SAFE.
Crazy this happened to Muta and Jim days apart
We got a massive W and a massive L today.  We got jim back, massive w. But then chris chan did something back.
The scammer scumbag is probably so proud of himself, taking down the big man himself... for a couple days, glad to see you got your channel back.
It happens to the best ..
Nice, welcome back!
The ultimate proof that even when you know what you are doing, you still can mess up from time to time...good to see you back Jim
It happens to the best of us. Love your content!
I almost got bit by a UPS scam a week ago, saying they failed to deliver a package. Like you mentioned, it was very coincidental that I was expecting a package from UPS, so I believed it at first. Really puts you on edge almost falling for stuff like that.
i didn't have to resub
I'm putting my money on that this was a paid hit job. Jim has made quite some enemies amongst scammers and these crooks have money.
Good for you Jim Browning: run TOWARD embarrassment, not away from it. Better to own it and get past it, helping others along the way. Bravo!
Thank God you got everything back. You're a good man Jim. Keep fighting
That must have a few incredibly stressful days. Sorry you went through that
fuck theyre evolving
Ive allways thought I could never be caught by a scammer but after this I'm not so sure.  It's a lesson for all of us.
I too, have been scammed due to a coincidence. My U-play account was hacked, then i got a scam text claming my card had been used in suspicous circimstances. Luckily no loss.
Scamming the scammer scammer.
sorry to hear this happened to you jim glad you got your channel back, just goes to show scams can happen to the best of us when caught off guard.
Thank goodness
Dang that is crazy! Makes you realize if an anti scammer can get scammed, it’s no wonder why people who aren’t tech savvy get hit.
oof. mission fail.
I am so glad you sorted this out Jim.
OMGOMGOMG Welcome back :DDDD
The Hunter becomes the hunted.. momentarily at least
love your honesty, thanks for your work in this field and viva Jim
I'm so glad that you are back Jim
What happened Jim! Still 170 - 1 to you anyway
Happy to see you back.
Scammer: Muahaha. I succeeded in stealing this channel. Jim Browning: SIKE YOU THOUGHT
The real problem is that this is one of those facts that everyone knows but doesn’t really believe.   The know consciously they could be scammed, but they don’t really believe it and that’s how they actually get scammed a lot of the time. The rest are unique circumstances like yours.
I saw that analytics  from some youtube vid
Meanwhile, somewhere in India, thousands of scammers' smiles turned upside down...😂😂
WOOOOO YOU'RE FINALLY BACK
glad to have you back. I heard about it from scammer payback. I forwarded this to a friend who is a successful YouTuber. very scary
Looks like the planets practically aligned in the scammer's favor, for a moment there. Good to see you turned the situation around before things went from seemingly bad to *actually* bad.  And more importantly, you now have more experience under your belt.
Glad to had you mate
''i'M yOuTuBe'' xD That was a close one Jim!
Damnn that made me sweat
I did not notice but I nearly had a heart attack with the new notification.
Glad your back! This is a great example how scams can be really smart sometimes and scam anyone
Holy Shit, what?
The king is back
A little known fact of YouTube is YOU CANNOT CONTACT YOUTUBE DIRECTLY. If YouTube genuinely threatens your account, they will do so via an e-mail and replying directly to the e-mail is the only way to respond. The classic advice of "contact the sender directly outside the e-mail chain" is IMPOSSIBLE with YouTube. So YouTube, by having awful customer service, have enabled a scam like this to be very convincing.
Spiffing brit had the same thing just happen to him
Glad to have you back!
Dude made you do a satisfaction survey oh my god
Even Batman slips up sometimes.
Wow, how does some one ask for money to restore your account then proceed to fall back and say "I'm YouTube." We aint stupid. 9:30
good to see you back. I am showing some of your videos to my grandmother who has very nearly gotten scammed multiple times in the past. Your videos really do help immensely since I have trouble talking her though how these scams work.
I was so frightened for a minute, glad you’re back!
Right so enable 2-step authentication for any account that i care about 👍 thx
I never thought I see Jim Browning get scammed. Even then he still came back. Welcome back man!
I'm not sure guugle excists
Glad you back, you should also create a backup channel for your content
Welcome back, man
I think this is a great example of how they (scammers) seem to change and evolve.
wow impressive proof that anyone can be scammed, so be carefull and wb Jim!
This is a good lesson, and it doesn't only happen on youtube. My mom passed away in 2018, and my dad followed her in 2019 (she was 90 and he was 91, a pretty good run in anybodies book). While my brothers and I were dealing with the estate I was tasked with selling dad's Jaguar and his vintage race car. I first posted the race car in the classified sections of the vintage race clubs dad belonged to.  I got a quick email hit from a guy that was really interested, and was ready to send the money sight unseen. Red flag 1. He had some grammar problems, but that's not unusual in today's society, but it did tug at the back of my mind. Red flag 2. Since my brother is the executor I had the "buyer" send the check to him. The "buyer" sent me a text message to see if we had gotten it. I called my brother and he said he had gotten it, but it was for $12,000 instead of the agreed upon $10,000. I texted the "buyer" and asked about the extra 2 grand and he said that was to be used to pay the transport company. I pointed out that the buyer pays the transporter. He said it was the only they (the transport company) would agree to pick up the car. Red flag 3. I told my brother about the arrangement and mentioned  that "I hope this isn't a scam". He felt it was okay and he just wanted to get the car sold.  My short hairs were standing up by now so I looked at the phone number on the text message and saw it began with a 15 prefix. I threw that into google and found that that number was associated with numbers in either Glasgow or Jaipur, India (guess which one I figured it was!). I then did a google search on the name in the emails and found he'd been hitting other vintage car sites (one was a Jeep lovers forum and another was a Ford Model T site). I called my brother and told him not to send the money, but I was about 30 minutes too late. So we were out $2k.  I placed ads on RacingJunk.com and immediately got texts from four different people, all using numbers with the 15 prefix. They all had the same MO (I mean word for word, like they had the same script in front of them). I strung them along while I talked with legit buyers, and, when I said to not send additional money because I wouldn't pay the shipper, all but one dropped out. After the initial contact they switched to a US number to continue the text conversation (Atlanta, GA; Fernly, NV; Concord, CA, etc.), the one that I had hooked good then switched to a Bakersfield, CA number and sent me a check with the extra $2k. The check was written from a lighting installation company in St. Louis, MO and was fedexed from a company in Tucson, AZ. I told him I wouldn't pay the shipper and what did he want me to do with the $2k. He then told me to get a cashiers check and send it to a woman in upstate New York. That's the point I got tired of playing with him (the car had sold two weeks before this) and told him how his operation worked, and that he should talk to the people in the cubicles on either side of him because they were all trying to hook the same fish. I had also contacted the FBI and my local Sheriffs Dept. and they had started case numbers on it. He of course accused me of trying to steal his money ("no I'm not because you and I both know the check is worthless") and that he had a cousin who was a senior investigator for the Central Bureau of Federal Investigations, and he could call him and have me arrested, what did I want him to do. I told him he'd better call his cousin and while he was talking to him have him look up Case Number 21-043. I kind of miss him!  If you made it this far, and haven't done it yet, throw a like on Jim's video and stay alert.
Finaly a new video. Lets gooo! I love your videos man.
Jim B gets grazed by another, then quickly calls BS...
I was quite worried when Mutahar mentioned that you became a victim of this, glad to see you got everything sorted out. It really does prove that anyone can be scammed at any moment.
Your humility and willingness to admit you made a mistake are in themselves humbling. Thank you for the warning not to be complacent and double-check anything that looks like it could be a scam. You are a role model for us all.
Curious of how much good will come from this unfortunate event. How far will the ripples go...🦋 It's great to see all the support you have and I'm glad you got your content back up🤗 Cheers!
Sorry this happened to you. FYI, same scam used on another creator. In case you want to talk to other affected individuals to gather evidence, etc. https://youtu.be/7rslTtlD804
Can someone tell me what is the brand of the phone in this video
Looks like you kept your subs and stats. Welcome back.
Welcome back!
No one is safe.
Welcome back Sir!! I suspect that the people who did this spent a good amount of time planning this. Will those people be exposed?
Crawled true true the of the needle. Glad you are back, we need more people like you. I was also scammed, almost. When asked for my password is when it hit me. Now, and I am sorry for the non scamming Indians, every time when I hear an Indian accent on the phone, I have the urge to hang up. PS I didn't need to resubscribe. I was still subscribed.
Glad that you were able to get it sorted in the end, Jim. I just checked and I'm still subbed. I could only imagine how you must have felt after you deleted your channel and figured out what was actually going on and again, it's great to see that Google was able to reverse it preserving all of your dedication and hard work. Keep It Up Brother.
Glad to have you back, Jim. Thanks for staying strong, can't wait to see you back in full force
Welcome back Jim.
That’s really bad luck, but at least your back
Welcome back Jim just seen on twitter another big youtuber I watch fell for it to sadly :(
He is gonna nuke scammers, why did u do this
You've never been one to shame victims of scams and instead blame the scammers themselves. Your viewers seem to be doing the same now; not laughing at you, but rather commiserating.
Love your work ❤
I'm here after this happening to Spiffing Brit. Hope it works out for him!
man, the fact that even jim can get scammed just shows how advanced some of these scammers can get
Don't worry I didn't have to resubscribed. It was still there. Also I have to say it takes a lot of guts to admit you of all people had been scammed. You're a truly great human being. Thanks Jim.
Im pretty savvy of this this sort of thing and nearly fell for one recently involving Hermes package delivery. I got text messages and emails with links to very realistic hermes domains and from accurate hermes email addresses.  Luckily i wasnt expecting a parcel so i just ignored it after looking it over a few times but they are getting much harder to spot for me which worries me for friends and family that aren't so aware.
This guy is the real Superman
If even the Great Jimmy can get scammed; what hope do the rest of us poor sods have?!
Holy shit what an elaborate scam. I hope Google reacts to this, this is insane.  Also you should have paid more attention, this has red flags written all over it and it's your friggin Youtube channel we're talking about! Still - glad you're back man.
This just proves that ANYONE can be scamed.
Very glad the channel is back. Great video. Just one question - how is it possible that the scammer sent the email from an actual @google.com address??
I would still like to believe in my amazing impenetrable scammer defense that is my amazing mind, but I did about a year ago have a panic attack because I had forgotten I had connected with an emulator to my account and then got some email about attempted access or something, so I connected into my account details, started panicking, disconnected everything, called up my family to scream at them and then just ran into the shower. It's funny now, but damn I was having a panic attack just because the circumstances aligned
Close one there
If these scammers used their skills constructively we'd have an outpost on Mars by now !? Btw: i did not have to re-subscribe.
What a bummer. Happy to know your back Jim, …just shows if your not mindset and the right scammers comes along, it’s easy to get pulled in. I just hope that any earnings from your work comes to you…scary to know some could take that all away…
The problem with relying on poor grammar and spelling to indicate a scam is that so many people operating legitimately nowadays cannot spell nor use their native language effectively.
Wait a moment sir…
I bet this is what happened to the spiffing brit. His channel got deleted half an hour ago
The Spiffing Brit just got hit aswell 😭
Full transparency, your the best.t
Just shows, it can happen to anyone. Glad things turned out okay in the end.
How do people fall for the grabify link when you have to accept terms and conditions (for tracking) before it redirects!
Jim is gonna go even harder on the scammers as revenge 😂
This explains why the Spiffing Brit suddenly deleted his channel
Welcome back Jim!! You've been sorely missed!
I'm still subscribed. It's like nothing ever happened.
I also got a mail from Google saying that some malicious activities has been detected in my google account so they are disabling it, I was logged out of all my devices however when I logged in there was nothing really that happened and Google support team just said that they have no data on such activities  BTW Good to have you back dude
When the scammers can't even read and understand the profile picture
Just a perfect example of anyone can be scammed even the best of us. I've been scammed by scammers before and even I admit they got me.
i can only think of one person with 12 channels the bald man with the beard. got to support that cocaine habit, am i right peter?
TKOR 12.6M subscribers  Go to http://buyraycon.com/tkor to get 15% off your order. Brought to you by Raycon.  Watch the build on 2KOR: https://youtu.be/lWn-9B3xKD8  Today we're taking 174 small green laser pointers and turning them into one GIANT laser pointer. What can you do with this much laser pointer power?  Check out all of our socials: https://link.snipfeed.co/tkor  Watch The King of Random in Spanish | Mira The King of Random en Español: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCf9R...  Send Us Some Mail: TKOR 1881 W Traverse Parkway Ste. E # 221 Lehi, UT 84043  Royalty Free Music from Epidemic Sound.  🤘DISCORD PLATINUM FAN HALL OF FAME🤘 Charles Xavier Kaotiska Le Robert de' MeMe Lordy 7 Merwoc iiBibe_Foxii KeylAmi Distant Rose SovietSpider Karebian basiliskoE  👉 To find out how to get your name in the description, head to our Discord using the snipfeed above! 👆  WARNING:  This video is only for entertainment purposes. If you rely on the information portrayed in this video, you assume the responsibility for the results. Have fun, but always think ahead, and remember that every project you try is at YOUR OWN RISK.  This video is dedicated to our friend and founder Grant Thompson- the one and only King of Random.  #tkor #thekingofrandom  THANK YOU!! ✌️👑
Do you have any idea who I am? Any idea? Ever hear of YouTube? Yeah, that’s me.
Yes it seems anyone can get scammed given the proper circumstances.
Watch at 1.5x speed.
welcome back. 2.5mil, i think i know my next career :D
My mom got an Amazon email the other day saying she ordered a laptop for about $3k. Checked the domain it was sent from, random asl, looked over the email, told her to check bank account, as well as monitor her credit score to make sure nobody opened a CC in her name on say, Paypal or something.... I then went to youtube and typed "Jim Browning" so I could show her JUST how prevalent fake emails were............ And there was nothing to be seen.. "I WAS JUST watching his videos the other day??? Filter by accounts, no luck... Well.. This explains A LOT.
Welcome back!  I missed you and your videos.
Glad your channel back ❤, First, Don't take the nationality of "The Syrian" that they are scammers or something. I am personally shocked about the fact that he is Syrian because I am Arabic guy . However, Scammers belong to the jail. Finally, Let's say scammers scam scammers of scammers xD
I'll get chu next time Gadget....NEXT TIME...MUWHAHAHA
I think its good you got your channel back but i also think its not because this means deleting a channel can be undone so nothing will be really deleted
It’s amazing how he’s shown us how he fell for it. Because this boss level of scamming. You really have to be at the highest level of scamming scumbag to come so close to fooling the master of catching scams.
Welcome back.  We had a Facebook account that was taken over by a hacker and we still can’t get it resolved.
This shows how absolutely fucking solid these scammers are. They scammed the guy that fucking destroys scammers! Shitty, yes, impressive? Also yes. Lol
Wonder if he got the spiffing brit.
Glad everything was alright in the end. I would have neeeeever been able to press that "DELETE CHANNEL" button.
:( It seems to have hit @TheSpiffingbrit just now as well
Seems like the best YouTubers have the smallest egos.
Jim browning- FINALLY! A WORTHY OPPONENT! OUR BATTLE WILL BE LEGENDARY!!!!!
Did Spiff also get hit by this?
this scam also got The Spiffing Brit, 1-2 Hour after this video was uploaded
I do think the other Jim Browning took advantage of the situation though. The guy's channel is 10 years old and posts infrequently. In that 3-5 day window he suddenly grabbed that URL. He's well within his right to do so, but I'm not convinced it was by chance. Seems like he caught wind of this and grabbed the URL before Jim was back up.
I'm glad you got your account back now it's the time for an all out war on this scammers poor excuses for human beings. Maybe there's a way  to hack their office computers and blow then up all to hell where they belong. I'm so sick of this people.
If the scammer sent you the same instructions that the real YouTube Team sent you, perhaps the scammer worked with the support team, or new someone who did, or perhaps experienced something that his victims (such as yourself) did. So maybe he experimented with speaking to the team about a YouTube account of his being deleted or having a duplicate name. Also I’m so glad you got your channel back !
Maybe he didn't understand 2sv (two step verification, a phrase started by Google) because in technical world it's called 2fa, i.e. two factor authentication.
Jim: YouTube would decide your fate. Scammer: I AM YOUTUBE Jim: Not yet
This proves anyone can be scammed!
Welcome back KING
Damn, you got owned son!
You need to put a link to the real Jim Browning in your description, boss.
"I'm YouTube" Yup, he YouTube.
As you pointed out things like this can happen to anyone, just glad you got your channel back and I opened our eyes even wider, Thanks Jim 👍
FUCK YES JIM'S BACK.
As someone who works in email security my first thing to check is email headers and the DKIM was correct in this case so i would have thought it was legitimate. I had no idea they could get in and send as google that way.  And my second thing is hover over the link which again would have shown as correct. So this was a great example for all of us. thanks
Can you not ask this other Jim Browning guy if he could remove his domain from YouTube or ask YouTube if they could remove his domain?
Jim!! There is relief in my heart
Sooooo glad you were able to get this resolved! Very convincing indeed!
2FA or 2SA also only works if your password for you e-mail account is different than the site in which you have 2FA or 2SA activated.  Many platforms use e-mail as a method to verify the identity of a 2FA (2SA) request.
Thank you Jim Browning for sharing your experience. Do you think this scammer is an ex-employee?
Wait what the funk??
It just goes to show!  So glad you got the channel back.
Welcome back we scared to lose you
But what did the scammer gain from tricking you to delete your channel? At first i couldnt see the gain.
Kind of ironic… I am impressed you are not too proud to admit you got scammed with such an easy trick.
So when are you gonna find out where this persons teachers dentist lives?
It only serves to prove that EVERYONE is vulnerable. NO. EXCEPTIONS.
the returned of the king
Jim Browning the spiffing brit just had this happen to him HELP???
Let's go and get them .
*Sigh of relief*
It was obvious, with careful reading, i could tell that it would move the old channels videos (none) to the new one (replacing the videos with nothing) I dont understand you couldnt read through that!
HE GOT IT
So the scam is that he steals channels and blackmails them.  Man this guy is GOOD...
It is fake he lives in turkey and it would be in a different then $
I have never been scammed and doubt that anyone could. I have been a computer tech since 94 . Also never had a virus or spyware that i did not install purposefully during av tests etc. Forged email addresses and smpt sends for emails are nothing new to me seen them 1000s of times over the years. This means i never blindly trust a email even if it comes from a domain that it should.
Very happy to see you get it back. Can you make a video on how to avoid scams involving payment gateways? And some scammers trick people into scanning barcodes, how to prevent that?
When i saw SOG mention your channel was deleted this way, I didn’t believe it. Then I checked your channel with 0 videos and went 😮🤯
Jim Browning, moments after realizing he’s in the middle of being scammed:  “I don’t know who you are… I don’t know where you’re from… but I can tell you that I have a very particular set of skills… “
Just like the phoenix - burnt down to ashes, but now arised even stronger out of it ...
On the very first point of contact "Hi" instead of "Hi Jim" is a big sign
You know this scam is bad when TheSpiffingBrit also has his channel closed the same day this vid is released...
welcome back
Seems digital attacks on scammers isn't enough. We physically have to stop them or change our technology formats. It's funny when I get a fake Google email then I get a call from them. I got a car insurance scammer with 0000bc the wheel. Glad your back and ready to hinder scammers.
The real question is... why was he recording the support conversation? 🤔
9:56 The youtube will decide yout fate. I AM the youtube!
Anyone can be scammed. The ones that happen by coincidence are scary. Just be extra careful around anything to do with your accounts legit or not and use 2SA. 2SA is a good failsafe.
The ending is absolutly hillarius i know its not funny but the thriller type music and the older Jim Browning showing up by typing youtube.com?/JimBrawning was nicely done!  Also thnx for the grabify tip!
The most shocking thing is that you didn't have 2S-A already enabled.   Im glad you get it back Jim!
I was just watching Spiffing Brit as his channel got deleted the same way, then saw this video in my recommended.
You could make a movie out of this!! Crazy stuff
Glad you got things back, Jim. Hope all is well with you.
I  am happy to report that I did not have to resucbscribe and I got a notification that this video had been uploaded!So happy you are back!!!!
Glad you returned
I do hope you will click the Karma tab and seek revenge
Good timing Jim. One other creator I follow has had his channel deleted, probably like this.
Bruh , welcome back after all that mess !
insane amount of respect for you to explain this all too us, i know it is kinda embarrassing to get scammed
Never click on a link in emails
Your first clue it was a scam should have been how youtube support was actually being helpful
Good of you to be honest but it really shows how clever these scammers can be
Very courageous of you to share this experience, JB. I guess it shows how convincing these scammers can be. Anyone can fall for their tactics. One moment of inattentiveness can be enough.
That ending was hilarious lol
Legend is back ❤️
I got scammed by YouTubers when I listened and bought Raycon earbuds
You know it's a scam when someone at YouTube listens to u and replies to anybody within minutes of asking for information.
I often hear people comment that people who are scammed are fools who deserve it, or words to that effect. I have long disputed this. I think the arguement is now decided once and for all as anyone accusing you of being a fool when it comes to scammers is clearly insane. I must admit I was hoping you were going to somehow hack into his phone and have it explode! Thanks for not being too proud to admit your mistakes and, more importantly, share them so others do not make them. Somewhere out there is a scammy with very sweaty palms.
The famous p2 phishing. Gotta look at headers
Glad you got it all sorted Jim. Great to have you back.
OUR CHAMPION HAS RETURNED!
Glad to see your channel got recovered. Scammers kept calling my mom for one reason or another (amazon scam, tv update scam, etc.) but I was quick enough to do my research and get my mom to hang up on them, all thanks to you and your videos. Your channel is very informative and entertaining, and I'm forever grateful.
Heck, I even fell for a scam recently (but was able to save myself in the knick of time). I'm usually really skeptical, but even I let my guard down for a moment. Nobody is perfect.
A scamroom full of cockroaches !
I'm so glad you got it back! Muta mentioned what happened in the video and it just sucks it did.
Wow I’m so excited that jim is back 🥰
why would a scammer target someone whose channel icon is Tech Support Scams?
if it can happen to Jim it can happen to any of us
Welcome back ❤
“I’m YouTube.” Lol he sounds like Biden when he said “I am the Democrat Party”
Good to see you back.
Haven't watched the video yet but I hope you got your channel back in the end.     Hope the story better than my above joke.
Jim, If you go to your Channel Homepage and sort videos by most popular, it says "This Channel has no videos".
The Return of the King
I love that you just record your computer... constantly?
I'm just glad you're ok. Also: props for not hiding the dude's IP address. That's how mafia works.
Glad it all turned out ok Jim, you can never be too safe!
If jim can get scammed, what hope do I have?!
Do not use 2 step verification in the US, it's scary how easy you can trick the phone carrier and get control of the number
I have seen this done with amazon 1:16
Thank the sweet delicious baby Jesus that you're back 🙏
Anytime I get an email about account problems, only for realistic emails like this one, I don't even open the mail. If something is really wrong I just go to the website and try to login. If its a real problem it will be known then.
Wait, What? LMAOOOOOOO
**playing** Voodoo by Godsmack :)  "I'm coming back again..."  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SSUQxGjZZ4
Lazarus Risen welcome back stay safe ☘☘☘☘
Glad to have you back! What a terrifying scam! Being scammed out of money is insidious enough, but scamming someone out of their entire livelihood? That’s some next-level evil. Glad you’re able to expose this scam so other youtubers are aware of it! But I’m sorry that it’s come at the expense of your own channel and peace of mind. I hope all your numbers and revenue get back on track soon!
glad you are back man!!! keep up the good fight, you are starting to worry people by the sounds of it!!
Didn't need to re-sub😃
Glad to see you back!
i read the email and knew it was fake  ffs this shows you arent as good as a scam baiter as thought
Spelling mistake in your video description: Or, to cut *out* the middleman I'll happily accept a BitCoin payment
This was biggest uno  reverse uno verse I've seen
It doesn't help that the Google interface is horrible, with links that send you in circles, trying to find what you need to do.
Well how I got this video notifications if you previous channel is deleted. 🙄 (I'm not an native English speaker)
Damn... what a headache!! I wouldn't be surprised if many Syrians start doing this.. most are refugees everywhere and lots of places dont want to hire them or treat them bad..  some of those people were rich living a comfortable life and dont know how to deal with poverty... after the war some resolved to kidnapping and asking for ransom, some ended up dealing in human trafficking, some ended up killing... the stories are too many... the computer scamers and con artists are the least harmful ones..
Welcome back Jim Browning...I just love ur work...I m from India
I nearly got scammed when I received an IM about getting a grant. Ironically, 3 weeks before, I had applied for a legitimate grant. So, I swallowed the hook. However, before they could reel me in, I started to get suspicious because what they were writing just did not sound right. I told them I was in a meeting and went off to the business I had written the grant app for, and sure enough, there was nothing about a grant in the business email or on the business phone. Had I not just applied for a grant, I would have just blocked the scammers from the beginning. At any rate, I am so happy for you and all of us who find great value in your videos that your channel has been restored….welcome back
Its called "2 factor authetication" not 2 step, thats why he didnt understand.
Holy crap - what a sophisticated scam. Glad you got your channel back 👍
Glad that you are back
Yes the mans back!! I literally watched your channel disappear it was really weird. I'm so glad everything worked out and that you're back Jim
Glad you're back man!
Man, that could have been massive. I was already missing your page
Imagine being the scammer who gave Jim fucking Browning a black eye and not even realizing it.
a heck of a yarn
ive seen people impersonate people when calling phone providers to get someones sim card and bypass 2sa
Scammers are shakin rn
Glad you're Back, your Informative Tales of dealing with Scammers helped out a lot
I’ll never fall for this, it would mean me actually checking my emails, and I’m far to lazy for that.
This is pretty funny.
Let's everybody subscribe to that other Jim Browning now ^^
even the anti scammer can get scammed  good to see the channel is back
Welcome back Jim   :o)
Already know the story. But I’ll still watch the vid later
That's why a video from you that disappeared from my "to watch" list.
f
Welcome back Jim, so pleased you managed to sort it out. Was devastated when I heard what had happened.
12:15 maybe he calls it 2FA, instead of 2SA? In any case, I would usually use the full "2 factor authentication" when talking to someone who isn't Jim Browning, Jim
I noticed that even though it said "this channel has no videos" it still carried the playlists, which still pointed to the videos, even though the videos were supposedly deleted.
Can't like because I reached 5000 likes limit but it's great to see you got your channel back
credit where credit is due that guy nearly scammed Jim imagine what he could do to everyone else, clever scam almost perfect
It’s great to see you back.  And it’s a very important message, not just the old and vulnerable who are at risk of getting scammed we all are.
Google as a whole was compromised in late June early July, and they continue to lie. Millions of google accounts were hacked because of Pegasus.
You are so right to bring up coincidence as a legitimate reason people get scammed. I’m pretty savvy when it comes to spotting scams and the only times I have came close to being caught out is when I get an email, sms, phone call, that appears to be related to something I have been recently doing. The current fake SMS messages from delivery companies are the worst!
Nice
When in Doubt if it's a bot or scammer.  Toss in a Random Unrelated question.  See how they Handle it.  Or don't handle it, as the case may be.
woah you had me scared for a second!!!!
As someone who moved to a brand account recently, it's scary even with the normal procedure!
*Curb Your Enthusiasm music starts playing*
Shows you're honest Jim, but we knew that anyway.
Similar happen to Muta.... Damn this needs to be stopped
Glad your back Jim. That kid put a lot of work into that and was very convincing. These scamming outfits will always try to outwit us in more and more complex ways.
Welcome back! I am so glad your channel is back already!
Did the spiffingbrit get scammed to???
I like YouTube Brand Accounts, because the Name of the channel is not used for my main google account.
Welcome back... meanwhile there are lots of arrests in Kolkata... a good news. Kolkata police are cracking down on these crooks
And of course, leave it to YouTube’s bungling to half ass the support on getting the channel back, so shout out to the guys that actually know what they’re doing there.
The dark knight rises indeed! Welcome back, Jim!
Youtube told you it can't be possible. Then what you did to convince them to restore your account?
never open links in emails
At least you'll be able to build an extension or a new house even with all the bricks you excreted 🤭😁
If only I could upload the Ludwig gods do bleed more into YouTube comments
Jim, I am so very sorry 😞 to hear this happened to you. I am sure, on Monday, you NEVER THOUGHT  you would be doing all this stuff and getting hacked. I am in so much shock. Pierogi let us on the channel know you were okay, but didn't Say Anthony specific. Just you are okay (not sick or worse), having problem but will be back soon and channel too. Please be safe and keep up the GREAT AWESOME work and get them turds behind bars, like you have done. See 👀 you on the next one.  🤗💖💖
Jim, you are mistaken about the legitimacy of that Google message you received. Hence your advice at the end is not helpful if not counter-productive. The message _was_ legitimate and Google can't do much if anything about it. It's like your phone company sending you a message that you received a phone call. This is by all means legitimate no matter who called. Only at Google Chat one can actually verify (as you pointed out) who one is talking too.
Thank you for framing the narrative this way--it speaks volumes about your integrity.
This is only gonna make you stronger Jim
Time to get some revenge!
I'm glad you're back. ❤
Return of the King
Spiffing Brit channel just got deleted!
might want to get in contact with "The Spiffing Britt" I was just about to watch today seems to have had his channel just deleted.
Glad your back
Live by the sword , die by the sword ⚔️
You know what's interesting? The way the guy quickly asked if Jim had anyone he'd want to steal the channel of... did someone hire this guy to try and take down Jim's channel?  I remember there was a period a while back where there were copystrike-for-hire groups floating around the slightly grimier corners of the internet, so perhaps those people have since moved to these phishing scams? Plus there's been a bunch of spam lately in the Youtube comments which purport to be adverts for "hackers" that you can hire to seize others' acocunts...  The question at that point would be who hired this guy. Sadly it doesn't look like Jim asked him. I'm sure he would have revealed it for $20 or somesuch.
I am SO GLAD you're back. I was watching your newest video.. It ended, I clicked the next one.. and your channel was gone.   I was very worried for you. I'm glad to see you're okay and that everything is fine. <3
great to see that you are back!
Honestly I didn't even notice he was gone. Good to see him back though.
Glad your back.
Jim you old fuddyduddy...good to have you back mate, glad it all worked out 👌
The fact these scammers are next level compared to the run of the mill scammer (actually using legit google emails rather than facsimiles for example) and clearly targeted you, is just a sign you are making shockwaves in the scamming community. Keep it up Jim <3 Let the craic be ninety!
Yep. jimbrowning takes me to the wrong Jim Browning still.
I believe The Spiffing Brit got tricked. Notification says the uploaded has removed their channel from YouTube. Maybe reach out to him.
Glad to have You and Your Channel back for the Good fight!!
YOO you got it back, thank god man
"what do you mean real support  I'm YouTube" 😂🤣
Did you send in an abuse report to dreamhost and show them this evidence? I hope no one else is targeted, but I'm certain multiple already have been.
“I’m YouTube” got me laughing my ass off 😂
Not all heros wear capes
i was just missing ur content
Anyone can be scammed.  That is scary
These scammers are like a virus, they keep evolving as their exposed scams fail and they adapt with new tricks that could fool even the sharpest eye, it's really scary
lesson learned
Welcome back. Seems to me to be a horrifying experience. You are lucky that your senses kicked in. Many victims aren't that lucky. Shared your vid on FB and Twitter ❤️💞😘
Wlcm back buddy
These scammers just keep getting  craftier. Glad everything worked out well in the end.
Good news. My notification worked. No resub needed.
scam detector got scammed 😳
I was subbed the whole time and wasn't aware this was happening. This vid just popped up as usual.
Holy Damn..glad your back. I always see a lot of email scams that claim they are google, youtube etc but have a different url.
Welcome back to the Liam Neeson of scambaiters!
I wondered why it disappeared I watch all scam videos for awareness everyone is careful but sometimes even experts professionals can be scanned I've done it and always careful
Thank goodness you’re back! Much continued support!
oh man, i got flashbacks to the time i lost my steam account. I panicked so much, i cant imagine how you must have felt like since this is your livelihood. <3  It seems thought that you keept a cool head and realized that he didnt have anything. GJ and thanks for your content!
Because social media seems to encourage scammers
Welcome back king
Normally people who are computer-savvy are pretty proud and egotistical, if what happened to you happened to a lot of other people, they probably wouldn't talk about it, welcome back sir
nice, im so glad you got your yt channel back
scambaiter gets scammed
The real Scam is the awful Support from YouTube for a Channel with 3 Million Subscribers
Wow.
Jim returns with a vengeance?
👏😐 Wow
Had that happen to me too... got new credit card and the same day ebay said my CC had changed and to add new one.. 10 min after I did it.. went.. crap.. canceled card (after hovering over url) and no damage done but.. lesson learned... sometime chance can be a b@stard
That scammer is now in the Hall of Fame .......  ;-)
Oh, Drama!
Really goes to show that anyone can be scammed, no matter how smart you may be.
Nice you got the account back
It's my birthday and all I wanted was for Jim to come back to us!
I was wondering why Pierogi's last YT stream was titled the way it was. Sadly, I missed that stream. It wasn't until a few hours later when I saw Muta's video that I went into "wtf" mode. Anyhow, glad your back. Like they say where I am, the house always wins!
Well I recently lost a good chunk of money on a crypto trade site which seems to have been a scam. I was at the police station today, turns out I wasn't the first case regarding that site at the station. The site looked like any other, the currencies were up to date every day. The scammers are evolving more and more.
it might be that the channel now called jimbrowning that has them old videos uploaded and the picture of the old man is the scammer
Welcome back legend...
I don't reply or respond to any email with a threat or require action. They are all scams. If you get one, just reach out yourself to the company.
I believe this is just proving his point that anyone can be scammed, and it takes a big man to own up to his mistakes. Good job Jim, we love to have you back.
i didn't expect the scammer to be Turkish i thought he was Indian. As a Turkish i'm sorry for you. 😥
No one is safe
welcome back jim <3
I think this same thing may have just happened to The Spiffing Brit, as his channel is showing as offline now too
Less goo he's back, saw Mutahars video on it.
Happening even to the best. Do not worry. :) Dealing with such often.
He is back Really never gone
Jim getting scammed shows that anyone can, keep your guard up, saying "it can't be me" won't help
yay hes back
Interesting... 🤔
Sir, I heard about this a few days ago and you were the last one I would imagine to be scammed. I'm sure you share the same feelings.   That said, I'm glad you're back, these wiley son's of bitches are definitely going to regret this one.
I've almost fallen for a steam scam a while back  I feel a little less stupid now
I won't lie, this looked incredibly legitimate, something anyone would of fell for unless they worked for youtube themselves. I definitely would have fell for it. Thank god you got your account back at least and were able to raise awareness of this petty scam.
Bruh
No ones perfect Jim :)
The Master was beat but doesn't mean he lost.
All superheroes need to overcome things.
Close; but no cigar... A very good impersonation of Jim, but a little too much "Belfast" in the accent... Now I need to wait for my genuine enormous luxury yacht to definitely be delivered today... :D Welcome back JB. <3
im glad your back! :)
Glad you’re back
Back in 2014(?) when google was pushing Google Plus really hard, they forced YouTube and Google Plus accounts together. This pissed a lot of people off, you might remember Bob and his tank in the comments? Well ever since they combined my accounts, I've had a weird simultaneous login problem, it wouldn't let me unsubscribe from anyone, and it would log me out of one and into the other at random. I finally gave up last year and did exactly what Jim did in the video and merge the accounts, and it deleted EVERYTHING. Even my playlists, with thousands of videos saved. The worst part? The login glitch still happens. At least I can finally unsubscribe now.
Lol. How ironic
This must be the scariest five days of your life. Being scammed yourself, as Jim Browning himself, losing all your income and years of hard work. All the best.
This has happened to another content creator I watch.
hi
11:12 lol, it's incredi-boy turned syndrome trying to recruit jim. Jim was caught off-guard, i doubt whoever the perpetrator is know more than jim
welcome back
Good on ya mate.
tech supporters threw a  party
Incredibly scary story. The scammer clearly knew what he was doing. Thank you for publishing this.
I didnt really understand all of this, but it was enough to thank you for taking the time to share  this with us.  Charles
Well time to take it all on some scammers dontya think ?
HI, Jim Browning please please reply.  My youtube channel got hacked on 26 July   They did some cryptocurrency live streaming then completely deleted my channel.  I recovered my Gmail account (the google accounts team helped me) and I checked account activity and its looks like hackers used my laptop to change the account password, phone number 2FA, and recovery email, I have no idea how they did it. Can you please give some suggestions on what steps should I take to be secure? I had 2SA enabled. I completely reinstalled windows on my laptop but still, I am really afraid. please please give some suggestions.     I never share my youtube login email with anyone. I use a different email for sponsorship but still how they hacked my account...  Eagerly waiting for your reply.
Imagine scamming Jim Browning hahaha. Glad you got your channel back.
I'm very happy
Good example that no one is safe from scams
Question here, how can Google be hacked?
Welcome back jim
That ending!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am shocked.  They tried to take you down.  Deep fake, deep state.  Holy shit i am on the edge of my seat!  Bollywood, looking at you.
Thank God you're back! Now let's kick some scammer arse Jim!
Most likely that scammer worked for Google/Youtube in the past.
They deleted your account, but you manage to comeback you are unstoppable sir! 👊👊👊
A little bit of hassle BUT  in the end he gave JIM some unique content
So glad you're back. Also glad you showed us a bit on how not to fall for this
This is one of the rare times I’ll let the long 10+ minute ads play out, if it helps to compensate for the downtime you had.
Payback time....
This is my favorite channel on youtub
There are hosting providers out there allowing you to setup mail server and pass whatever you want into FROM field. Email doesn't pass dkim verification, but it is still delivered. In case of google, simply marked with a funny little question mark, that many ignore.. It is terrifingly easy to fake email from any domain.
Welcome Back Jim
This is F'n crazy!!! Sorry for the French but dang man this was insane story. And as always the delivery was impecable Jim. Glad youre back and all good to go
Hats off for showing everyone that did look hell of convinsing to be honest
i think they got the spiffing brit tooo....
Having watching mostly all the videos, I haven't noticed the problem with the channel.
Welcome back good sir!
3:31 that missing . tho.
Jesus Christ, if scammers can get THE Jim Browning, then they can get anyone. Be careful, guys!
Unleash hell on them
Wow, what a sneaky shit that person is. Very convincing for sure. Glad you are back Jim, love your channel.
Glad to have you back. Time to go full beast mode, Jim!
Now i want to learn this “skill“ even more
I think the same thing may have just happened to The Spiffing Brit... His channel just disappeared.
Welcome back! You had me worried. Just shows how important it is to educate friends and family on scams!
That ending 😂 It's still true too!! 🤣
The man from Turkey is now a legend among scammers.
Jim was so bored he let himself get scammed   Welcome back Jim ❤️
Nice , welcome back and thanks for the explanation
scammers have got on the next level now
I love you, Mr. Browning!  Don't ever leave us again! I'm so glad you were able to restore your channel containing all of your hard work. You will always be my favorite scam baiter. ❤❤❤
It's the coincidence that gets you.. That's how I almost got got when I lost my bank card and 2 hours later got a text from my bank saying someone found it. All I had to do was click on that link in the text and do some things. I'm glad I literally found my bank card 5 minutes after that text, otherwise I would've probably clicked on it.
Happy to have you back jim, was sketchy for a minute there.
This shows that anyone can fall for a scam
I'm so glad you were able to recover the channel. Youtube would have lost one of their best creators if this hadn't worked!
Ahh darn it, they got our boy Jim!!!!
Moral of the story: always turn on 2 step verification
Sometimes I've seen a man called Jim Browning call people who are being scammed and tell them about the scam and that they need to turn off their their computer. You should have had your phone on.
I guess they relied on the convincingness of their identity to make their word more believable than the description of changes given by the Youtube settings themselves on-screen combined with the confusion that may arise when dealing with accounts with the same name, the description of the options themselves make it at least somewhat clear the existing account will be wiped and replaced. I'd always prefer to trust what is known to be true and presented on a site itself, i.e. youtube settings, than instructions given by someone that do not correlate with what the site shows. At the very least no harm was done on this occasion and it serves as good public awareness!
Glad to have you back! :) Thanks for sharing your experience. Hopefully it will help other people not get scammed.
Welcome back. Mistakes happens to the best of us. :)
I'm so glad you were able to mostly recover this, I see that I didn't need to re-subscribe.  You are still one of my internet heroes. You still the man.
Well, I guess the upside to all the hassle is that it was all good content for a new video...!
Oh I was so scared for a couple days there! Happy to see you back!
Scammers, Jim.
Some of these comments are oblivious. We all make mistakes. Well done for being so transparent.
Glad you were able to recover...  Damn scary
I think the scammer is one of ur subscribers...
If you can make god bleed, people will cease to believe in him.
The legend has been scammed. Spoofing really is hard to notice at first glance. Had my share of spoofed cases.
Thanks for creating another great video and for having the cojones to admit it and release it. Although, tbh, wouldn’t have expected anything less.
You're back! I hope you can do more amazing videos now!!
Low key that scammer must feel like the God of scammers for getting Jim Browning
Scam Wars Episode 3: Revenge of the Scambaiter
dang
That includes you and I
Your not verified anymore 😔
well, that's surprising
I  found this suspiscious
Glad to see you got it back!
Absolutely someone behind this scam had inside knowledge of how YouTube works. This stinks of targeted censorship
This could be the most awaited video from Jim.
Man, this video humbled me. I thought I was pretty safe from these types of scams, but obviously, this goes to show it CAN happen to anyone, given the right circumstances....
How the turns table
DO NEVER click links on eMails. EMails are Notifications ONLY. Go the usual way to the website and look if the message is there too. EMails are Notifications ONLY. EMails are Notifications ONLY. EMails are Notifications ONLY. EMails are Notifications ONLY. EMails are Notifications ONLY. EMails are Notifications ONLY. EMails are Notifications ONLY. EMails are Notifications ONLY. EMails are Notifications ONLY.
I like how YouTube Support (real support) expresses incompetency yet some days later they're like "LOL THIS IS HOW YOU CAN SAVE YOUR ACCOUNT". The level of convenience on *their* end is real.
I simply cannot believe that he wasn't targeted because of what he does; they knew! They must have known.
Just a reminder that ANYONE and EVERYONE can be scammed.
So glad to have you back Jim 😃🥳🥳
I think that screen shot is from the video where rice gum shows his social blade
Jim got scammed lmao
Welcome back king
Glad you were able to get your channel back!
This is Wild - there were some red flags along the way but it makes total sense and it really can happen to anyone.  Glad to see it is back!
Hey Jim's back.  I was getting a bit worried, and then Mutahar covered the story.
you're pretty dumb for a smart guy
I almost had something similar happen. Only difference was, I was carefree and just deleted it. Heinz-sight is 20/20?
I have so much respect for you for making this video. Anyone would be embarrassed to fall for a scam but I cannot imagine how hard it has to be for someone who is so knowledgeable about scams to openly talk about his mistakes in front of so many people. This was a really important message. Often times people think you have to be extremely gullible to get scammed but sometimes they just need to catch you at a bad moment and exploit that small window of inattentiveness that everyone has. Knowledge and experience doesn't save you alone. We all need to be vigilant and careful.
Cant prove the revenue screen is fake but considering  he is making 16k+ from his channel, and he's a millionaire.. it's kinda odd he wanted $100 from you.
I'm glad your channel is safe Jim
Why were you recording this?
Now that you're back on track, you have a lot of scammers to destroy.
I know this is not the correct word but all I can think is... Wow.
This is honestly just sad.... Do people really do this for a living?
This is reality, everybody can make the wrong decision. Thank you for honest video.
Bro I though Jim got tricked good thing no one can really scam him
James Randi: "No matter how smart or well-educated you are, you can be deceived."  This is an important lesson in vigilance and I'm glad Jim has shared his experience with the class.
Jim, you are a master of how scammers work. Look deeper always. They are getting smarter...
you can't be scammed via email if you never check your emails
Scammers seem to be getting more sophisticated to be able to pull a scam on You. Most Youtubers wouldn't know what to do if the same thing happened to them.
Welcome back jim
risen from the ashes with renewed purpose, the long war continues!!
Glade you’re sorted, the world needs you.
I didn't even know...
I'm so glad that you are back.
This one's wild.
Glad its back jim
I will say I didn't even notice your channel went away and when it came back it still had me as a subscriber.
Welcome back 🤗
You got suckered in because you missed the first clue -- how upset you were that there was a problem.  You went straight to your (fantastic) logical mind of 'what could have plausibly caused the (alleged) problem (the coincidental phone change)', then on to 'how you can quickly solve this problem to get back all of your years of fantastic efforts.'  Take time to notice your feeling of being upset, anxious, or whatever.  That's where scammers succeed and people overlook the scammer's details that would show you that they're lying.  Give yourself huge kudos for (unconsciously?) spotting all the other untruths even as you were calming down, making it easier to see the scammer's untruths, which you do so wonderfully and in great detail for us on a regular basis.  Glad you're back!!  Thank you for everything you do!!!
9:56 I AM YOUTUBE.  this is such an imposing line
OMG You're human! Glad you're back.
Again thank you for your knowledge and strength 💪😁👍
I wonder if Jelles marble races could have been recovered like your account
It was very honest of you to go into the full details of how you were 'scammed' and showing that no-one is immune no matter how much knowledge that they have. Made for great content, so it was a win - win situation for you. :)
I have been scammed before. What you said is 1 trillion percent true. Anybody can get scammed including me and you. The circumstances just need to be right!
It's essential to have 2 step verification on EVERYTHING. I get texts often asking to verify if I am logging in. Facebook, Yahoo, Instagram, Twitter, etc.
It happenes, i let Tim Sykes scam me 7 years ago.
Dam it's good to see you back
I was really about to cry, when you said the channel got deleted, that's when I realised this is jim's voice and definitely he would reach YouTube support to restore the channel, pl be careful. Love from India 🙏🏻🇮🇳
Resubscribed. I believe I was already subscribed. Thanks for what you do.
I know its easy to talk after the fact. But I noticed there were one or two tiny grammatical errors in the message that was sent to you. Odd or dodgy formatting and grammar is always a dead giveaway.
Glad you are back Jim! YouTube wouldn’t be the same without u
Welcome back bro
This shows that even a person who shows how scams work can also get scammed easily
great example that this happen to ANYONE and it's what makes scams so dangerous. it needs to be stopped
You're back now. Its all that matters!
He might be a Syrian refugee living in Muğla. They've been living here for over 7-8 years now. A good number of them really digs into this kind of scamming stuff.
Well, welcome back, Jim. Glad to see that 99% could be restored.
Jim you are the superhero I never imagined in my youth! 🤣
You only got caught by fatigue & coincidence of the new phone. Still well above the common jackass that doesn’t inspect links and mail thoroughly.  Nice try dumbass scammers, next time give it your A game. Ya can’t take down the homie Jim.
This is weirdly timed. A company my aquatince was affiliated with had the exact issue but from a private company with the same correct domain
I would like you to highlight other finishing emails.. My company have been getting emails from scammer using the same company domain which is weird. But when you try to reply to the email it shows the real email. Any email domain can somehow be faked.
So the scam-hunter got outscammed 🤔  I love the internet but also gj on getting the channel back
If we don’t have another video follow up that’s just you dragging this guy like you do with other scammers, I will be severely disappointed.
Just for a little bit of reference someordinarygamers did talk about this and not only him but me as well found that insane that your channel got shut down
Big up, Jim! I'm happy that you got your channel back.
vere level scamming.. :(
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE EVERYONE you NEED to enable 2FA on everything you are able to sign into
Here I assumed it was because you were walking on a wire with their privacy policy as far as exposing identifying information.
Really glad to see you back again <333
The scammer must have been real smart to trick Jim to be honest. I am scared for the average person...like myself! Props for making a video about your mistake and hopefully others can learn from it.
I am picturing this particular scammer now finding your Youtube channel, reviewing the videos for the first time and their jaw dropping.  Will they be full of pride; or living in fear for the next few months?
He didn't say "kindly" at all, but he did slip at least one adverb into that chat. Hopefully the scammer community will never get wise to that secret loophole we have for picking them out.
2-SA is important as an online user of anything.
Jim, oh Jim. smh Thanks for the video.
Kinda so good to be true, if youtube or google support replies so fast.
look up privacy maxx, they’re a scam organization
THANK GOD HES BACK THE LEGEND IS BACK
Glad ur back! Didnt have to me resubscribe fortunately
Good to have you back sir. 👍🏻👍🏻
He's back!!! I always watch your vids when I'm about to sleep. Had to divert to other measures like Atomic Shrimp! (Not mad about that though)
Welcome back Jim, good that your back!
Awful.
Can't happen to me. I have nothing worth stealing.
Finally he has been outfoxed 😂😂
Jim, don’t you guys back up all your vids to a usb drive or similar in case something like this happens or even if there’s a problem on a YT server and YT loses your vids ?   Or maybe upload to Facebook as well so if you lose the YT channel you can still draw revenue from FB views.
Me too, I think of myself as a tech/internet savy but I got scammed and lost over 3500$ (steam inv item was stolen worth 3500$). It was a smart scam and also like you said Coincidence made me fall for it even more. Please be careful everyone and triple check every step
Welcome back!
The screenshot might be from dream 👍👍😀😀😀😀
Although horrible, you've created even MORE AWARENESS & MOMENTUM❣️ Bad things happen to good people. .& NO ONE is immune.. Supporting one another makes a better World for ALL of Us... there's always a new perspective ❣️ Glad to see you back, Mr. Jim❣️ Gonna check out the other Jim..I hear he plays great music ❣️ ✌🏻❤️😎
omg they got so many youtubers with this scam.
How
I have enabled this feature were if i have to log in toba device i have to have my phone on hand, for fingerprint scanning, just an extra precaution
This is like making a firefighter put out a fire in the middle of the ocean.
I was kinda surprised to hear news about you from another YouTuber I watch frequently and who is not connected with scambusting in any way. Glad to see you back
LoL. You should inform yourself on some good scam prevention youtube channels so this doesnt happen again :D XD
I'm triggered that this guy still managed to leave some damage behind. I really hope the YouTube.com/jimbrowning link does get restored to this Jim browning channel...
One of the channels  follow has some issues with someone steeling all of her content and put the content on another channel. Hannah Barron https://youtu.be/ZJnIAPYd9GA
I had a scam mail from @blizzard.com once, right after I signed up for the new Call of Duty Modern Warfare...  I've never been spammed on my mail but after I clicked the mail I got a lot of spam in my mail... from different adresses...
Thank you for your honesty and transparency!  What a wild ride. Can you imagine if politicians, or law enforcement were this open about mistakes made?
Wow Lol
Psyched Substance was Hacked by the same Hacker.
Yep, I'm really subscribed! Shows 3.3M subscribers! Thank you so much, as usual, Jim! You rock! I'm surprised they had such good English. I suspect a native English speaker was helping them.
LOL that bit in the end with the link :D
i wonder why he not search on youtube about the mail in first place. it's like who is your father? ask to mom first.
Lets goooooooooooooooooooooooo glad you back
More attention.
I didn't have to subscribe again. Come straight up on my feed
I got a BestBuy SMS phishing text a few years ago just after I bought something from BestBuy a couple of hours before that. I did not fall for that, luckily.
AIIII YOURE BACK!
Welcome back my guy 💙
Glad you’re back!!
Saw the announcements via Patrein. Thanks for elaborating. Did not need to re-subscribe, and did receive YT notification.  Google needs to fix this. Is there anything a mads amount of f people can do to kick this in the dick and make it stop?
That's why I tell everyone who respond obvious scam emails, don't do it. Some are very crafty.   Leave it to the pros because even the pros can get fooled. I do  some scambaiting for fun but I always make sure I respond when I'm free and not distracted. Even when I have them in the hook. I pause and assess if I'm being over zealous or careless. Glad JB is back. Didn't need to resubscribe.
the return of the king
Welcome back Jim, really happy you got sorted
This scammer was elite but failed
That's some comfort (in more ways than one).
I get the impression this is just a 'hit' from the scattergun approach most scammers use to try and find a victim, rather than being deliberately targeted. As bad as it is, there's something comical about them targeting someone who is in a position to take them on. Rather an unlucky 'hit' for them really. It does suggest this is likely to be a common problem for content creators though so perhaps another avenue to explore in more depth in a similar fashion to the telephone scams.
Dude "made" 2.5 millions and is walking around with a Samsung a50🤣🤣🤣🤣
Damn theres the lvl 1 Scammer crooks and there's level 99 Scammer FINALBOSS like the guy that pwned Jim. GGWP honestly
Jim will never loose to the scanmers
Scammers celebrated that your channel disappeared for a few days...Now they're crying and in ultimate despair. Welcome back, Jim Browning!
i didnt need to resub, we're still all here
ITS THE TECH SUPPORT SCAMMERS
I am from turkey and when i see he was from turkey i really shocked (@_@)
😊😊😊
So glad you got your channel back, I originally heard it got deleted because of Some Ordinary Gamers' video.
2.5 million US dollars is roughly 21 million Turkish lira, he definitely wouldn't be begging you for 100 dollars if he had made as much money as he claimed to have
This is akin to somebody knocking out Tyson in his hayday.
Awesome video 💪
Total moron for falling for this lol
Oh no! We’re glad you’re back! Welcome back, Jim - the man, the myth, the legend.
I feel like this scammer has been studying you for months trying to come up with a master plan to finally scam the scam stopper.
"cant speak on the phone" cant....or wont.....
usually hosting sites dont really care for what they use their services until they are get payed, i tracked down 17 sites with fake fortnite vbucks generators, steam code generators because i had enough of youtube advertising them only one site got back to me and they said until epic games laywer doesnt contact them they wont do anything... so yea youtube sometimes letting the scammers do their work but they get money by advertising them ... i always check with the twitter checkmarked support if i get an email from the main sites. anyway good to have you back on the frontline.
Oof
Phew. Close one Jim. This shows that circumstances can be the reason why people fall for scams!
Some ordinary gamers almost got got by the exact same scam
Gotta give it to that scammer, he was the best I've ever seen
Holy crap, so someone found an exploit in Google Chat. Man, I thought they are better than this.
Can't believe even Internet Batman can be tricked
That's how phishing scammers get you. If they send enough of these out, some people will have just done something that would seem that the email was linked to it.
Glad you're back. I was worried for a while
This is both humbling and frightening. Brings a quote from the Invincible cartoon to mind:  "If this could happen to the Guardians, then none of us are INVINCIBLE"
It's always those plausible coincidences that can get you. Almost happened to me once due to a fake Apple help line inserted into Google, right when I had an actual compromise to my credit card that had been used on the apple store. That resulted in an extremely long and unhelpful conversation that I had assumed was just Apple support sucking, and eventually I gave up. Later I found the real Apple support line and figured out what had happened, which also explained why he was so weirdly insistent that my refund go through Apple gift cards.  A pity you didn't get that interview. I'd been enjoying the recent looks at the people behind the scams.
these oxygen thieves need to be tarred and feathered. so glad you noticed in time. great video as always!
And from the ashes the phoenix soars ever higher
I'm really surprised that YouTube kept my notification settings after restoring your channel. It would have been several weeks before I noticed if I didn't get the notification this morning.
and here i am, not noticed the deletion
The Moriarty to your Sherlock Holmes. Or maybe this was a group effort and all your previous marks banded together to form the Jim Browning Rogues Gallery.
The hunter got hunted😂
God safe JB ,
The king has returned.
Ok boomer
Jim has officially been trolled
So pleased to see this Channel again!!!
ALERT ALL SCAMMERS !!  The scammer is coming to destroy u
In a parallel universe, Jim did this all to himself
Imagine getting scammed and the scammer asks you how he can improve. xD
i didn't realise
YouTube Support normally messages you on Google Chat?
Personally I doubt you'd make that kind of money or veiws without a significantly higher number of subs.
TY Jim! Glad to see you back. I heard what happened. These dirtbags can be so clever in targeting anybody. Stay safe and vigilant online and offline. Let me say this. Scammers are online and offline There's no way for us to escape we have to stay alert. I love everything you do on YT. Keep on exposing the truth!
Aww, other Jim looks like a nice guy, too. :)
Some may even say. "Its like poetry they rhyme"
This goes to show that no matter how much you know about scams, and how well you think you know yourself, you should always remain vigilant when it comes to both shady and real looking messages! I think it's good to be educated on scams, but no matter how much you know, there is always a time and place where you are vulnerable enough to drop the ball. We are all simple humans, there is no shame in falling for something that was designed to trick you. Glad you got it sorted Jim! At least you got a good video and some new insight out of it!
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates.🎈
Didn't need to resub, glad it all worked out in the end and that you shared this story. It's important to remember no one is above being tricked.
the king has returned
Something sort of similar in a certain way happened few months ago to me and my Steam account via Discord DM's. Despite stalking content like yours - about scammers and how to not be tricked - i have indeed been scammed, but luckily all got solved by the amazing Steam support team - the real one lol Glad you got your account back man, i love your content ;u;
Is that you Jim? Or are we all making money for some Syrian by viewing this video? Your accent seemed to have changed.😁😁
It takes courage and genuine humbleness to admit such a blunder; let that be a lesson to all of us. I also admire how you managed to suppress your anger and went straight into investigative mode once you realise what's going on.
I'm horrified by this, it seemed so frigging legit. also as Syrian, I am so ashamed this came from someone who supposedly lived through hell and back only to inflict it on others. Glad your channel is back though!
“Do you have people you hate who want to take their channels”  Is it possible someone hire this guy to take your channel down?
I was just looking for your channel yesterday!!! I'm glad it's back sir. Thank you!
Scam Wars: Return of Jim Browning
The legend.
Oh mah gawd, what a crazy world we live in. Even JB got scammed. Thanks for sharing the experience! GG
Glad you're back and thankfully you were able to get your page back.
Sorry this happened to you, Jim. You help so many vulnerable people.
HAAHAAAAA I, one of those guys that got into the conspiracy theory about your missing channel  lol it was like a lightning strike into my chess when i first found out ur channel was missing and  i thought it was done by those scammers team :)) glad to see u back sir!
“If I get knocked down I will get right back up.”  Glad to see you back up. 👍
how can we be sure you're not a deep fake voice
yeah like you said at the end, anyone can fall for a scam. Sometimes it's just the perfect storm of circumstance that can put you in a vulnerable mindset. Most of the biggest scams are all about trying to get you off balance by shocking you with worrying information that causes you to panic and not think straight just like what happened here. You might think you know every trick in the book, but if someone manages to get you by surprise and legitimately make you scared or worried, suddenly you're willing to do anything to resolve the situation.
Dont worry guys, Jim ALMOST got scammed, not that he actually got scammed. Plus, he outsmarted this scammer. He knows this but he needs to be more careful now since scammers have step up the game.
The last few seconds... Ooooow i can't wait :')
Keep on working your magic, magic man.
I had heard from Ordinary Gamer and the other dude with blue hair.I also noticed the other Channel of Jim Brown plus about 8 more channels of Jim Brown .Some looked new.Glad that you are back.
Welcome back, Jim. Can't believe the scammers got your channel, man.
I'm you.tub 🤣🤣🤣
The true villain... 20:28
So did you hunt him down?? And destroy his computer??
Welcome back sir!
One word: *Scarmerrs*
well the way I see it, if they feel they need to directly attack your channel you must be doing some damage
Glad you are back 👍
Scammers don't have to be super-intelligent, only slightly smarter than their victims on the day.
Guess who's baaaack the god🙌🏼🙌🏼 welcome back lord
Return of the King
I noticed something was afoot earlier this week when I looked through notifications where I could view replies to any comments I posted. One in particular was on one of your videos, and the video thumbnail was oddly blank. My number of subscribed channels hadn’t dropped, but I couldn’t find your channel anywhere. It’s good to see you got everything back!
Hoorah, Jim is back, thank god for that!
Twitch requires you to activate 2SA when you're monetised, maybe YT should do the same, it would certainly make it much harder for scammers like this to get away with these things 🙃
I noticed early on that your channel was deleted. I watch your videos all the time. I wasn’t worried because I was sure that whatever happened, you (out of all people) would be able to fix it. I love hearing your soothing voice and I love all that you do for me and for others. I hope you can make lots of money out of YouTube and quit your 9 to 5 job. We need you Jim. Thanks for coming back. You are loved by many. Cheers.😁
So glad you’re back🌈
At least he came clean and didn’t lie out of his ass at the end.
How on Earth did you knock up this video in a day, if the channel was only recovered this morning?!
I never click on emails for this reason, I always go to the website directly in my browser and login
You are a real world gem of human kind. Thank you.
They tried to eliminate Jim so he sticks messing with Scam operations.  But he’s like John Wick, he always comes back.
Thank you for going into how this scam was done so that others can be educated on how to  find all these red flags. Welcome back, we missed you :)
A lot of Syrian refugees seek asylum in Turkey, so definitely plausible.
THANK THE LORD I THOUGHT YOU WERE DEAD
So happy you are back Jim!!! Give the sneaky rats hell starting NOW!! love you Jim 😍💗
scammer scammer gets scammed by scammer
The age of reckoning now truly begins...The Wrath of Browning
Great example of having to follow your own instructions.  Thank you for being humble enough to demonstrate it can happen to anyone, even an expert!
Even the pro can trip sometime.
So you got scammer?
I'm glad you're back, but it will never stop being funny to me how you can counter-scam the scammers so well that you gain access to their security cameras, but get scammed into deleting your YouTube channel. The guy who did that must've been running around the room screaming in joy.
scammer: *tells him he has two accounts then asks him to make another channel* him: "non of this seem risky" bruh
Jim Browning is dead, long live Jim Browning!
Everyone should comment on the video to increase the channel actuvity. Leave a comment of your own.
Still subbed, fascinating story and a prime example of just how easy it can be due to sheer dumb luck for each of us to not fully give things the attention they deserve. Glad you're back and in action :)
Jim, it’s so good to see you back!  Glad you’re not fazed. Rather, you’re back and better than ever! And wiser too.  Get em scammers! He’s watching you! 😎
I love that as I'm watching this, I get a scam call on my phone hahahaha. I'm very happy you were able to retrieve your account back <3
How ironic. He saved others from scam. But not himself.  *satisfied palpatine smile*
rip
the King is back!
It’s so easy to get hacked….my advice is never reply to any emails asking you to do something….rings 🔔
I’m trying to think back if I have never not enjoyed irony. This could be a first. Glad you got your channel back
Im so glad that you were able to get your channel back.
The scammer might have actually worked for YouTube before google took over. Many company's use legitimate call centers in India and Pakistan because its cheaper, but then the employees moonlight as scammers.  Cheap often comes out expensive.
I wasn't aware off this scam I am a small youtuber, I got to admit this is terrifying to see this and I am really glad this has come to light with all this scams going on, some parts is telling me not to continue but I won't let these scammers get to me thank you so much for letting us know this and I'm glad you got your account back
WELCOME BACK JIM YESSSSSSS 💪💪💪💪😎😎😎💯💯💯
Now they've gone and poked the bear! Vengeance should be swift and absolute! My heart goes out to you buddy.
When we got to the grabify part, I felt like I was watching Pleasant Green 😂
Thank you for all you do - onward and upward with renewed determination and finely-honed resilience!  Truth and honesty are the yardstick by which all transactions are measured.
If Jim Browning can be scammed, it means EVERYONE can be. Atomic Shrimp was right.
Welcome back Jim, good to see you back
This is a pretty convoluted scam though. I would have definitely fallen for it.
Damn Jim, great video. Stay safe !
Did you not check the source email for passes on the 3 different security features as "PASS"?  By that I mean SPF, DKIM, and DMARC.
Hes back!
The initial email seemed real because it was.  The scammer messaged you while you were away so Google Chat sent you what the scammer said.  That’s why the link worked…
The irony that the scammer didn't even know who you are or what your channel is about. Unbelievable
Jim, you should be duplicating your channel on Odysee or another site.
Yeah man, anyone who thinks they're immune from scams is deluded, great that you've shared this
Boomers will boom
Did you give YouTube the scammer's IP address? Surely if they're not using a proxy, Google will know which account has AdSense, and which accounts are controlled.
If jim can get scammed, anyone can.
Leave it to Jim to turn a bad event into a learning experience! Glad you’re back. ☺️
Me a few days ago: no king rules forever....   Me now:.... the king has returned!
A great warning to everyone Jim, keep exposing the scammers ! Glad you got your channel back !
this might sound scummy, but glad it happened to you. i work in IT and security and i always think i will be smart enough to not get hooked by these. even the legend him self with a lapse in focus almost lost a online asset....good to see youtube sorted this out
The irony of Jim Browning falling for a scam, but I guess it really is a good case of 'it can happen to anyone' as you said
Moral of the story - youtube's support team is absolute shit
It was super sad what happened that is for sure but I am glad your channel is restored and back in action again  Much love 😍
20:52 he misspelled the word "center" there.  Is this video a scam?!? 😨 As he already said, anyone can be scammed. MY GOD! Jim is kidnapped!
Wow this scam was way more complicated than I thought it would be. Glad you got your channel back dude
Thank you for this video, I think its a wake  up call for many of us.
00:01 If you need a replay :D
No blur on your email address, not sure if you know
The return of the king
when the scambaiter gets scammed 😳 welcome back jim!
Glad that you're back Mr. Browning!!
I'm happy you were able to recover your channel, and I'm looking forward for new content, thank you for explaining everything how it happened, that helps a lot to people that don't know much about technology like myself.  😁
I find it very hard to believe that the scammer owns a very big YouTube channel as a result of his scams. Maybe he can get some of the channel's earnings to his own account, but there is no way a big channel will get scammed out of their channel and find no other way to communicate with their fans.
I am glad u are back but now I feel less safe than ever about being scammed if you almost were  . . .
When the scam destroyer gets scammed...
Oh my heart
if jim got scammed there is no hope for the rest of us.
I'm glad you're back. This totally shocked me and I will be more careful from now on.
Glad you're back man
Heck yes I am here so fast for this! *grabs popcorn*
I'm so glad to see your channel again, when I heard about it from Mutahar I was afraid you probably wouldn't get it back, but it's so good to see you here
Idk how Im going to live knowing even Jim can get scammed. This is sick sick world with even worse people..
Jim we’re all so happy for you. and people don’t forget how many people were and will be saved by this Angel Jim Browning. You’re our legend Jim, you’re doing a god’s work, there are no words to describe how much appreciation we all have for you.!!!
Im glad youtube could return the channel, would be tragic to have it gone forever
Dam.... they got you... for a few minutes at least🤣🤣🤣🤣
WOW JIM SORRY FOR CAPS but I’m Jim I was wondering why you didn’t upload a video to your channel!!! But how cleverly they scammed you just goes to show doesn’t matter how informed you are about scammers you can get scammed!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank you for the video evidence of your involvement and not shying away to it to that was at first amazingly convincing!!!! Wow and the Uk government are thinking about a cashless United Kingdom 🇬🇧 there is going to be a massive problem we face!! I’m using cash I don’t want I a cashless Uk!!!
please be careful next time. i like ur channel.
psyched substance fell for the exact same scam a couple of days ago
I hope YouTube recommends this video to everyone.
18:32 Ayyyyy, that's me in chat!  Welcome back, by the way!
I did not realise your channel was gone at all 😭 Thank goodness I got this notification. God bless 🙏
honestly I didn't know this had happened until this video, but I did notice a lack of uploads. also it didn't affect my subscription status
Welcome back Sir Jim!!
I mean just saying, you fell for the scam but you didn't fall through with it so hey props to you.
14:09 Jim Browning temporarily becomes Pleasant Green.
Welcome back Jim xx
Good habit You always keep your recording on😂😂 Also you ended up chatting with the scammer, like someone who just got annoyed a bit and later got interested in talking about their experiences 🤣
Welcome back Jim!
good to see you back
I'm still subscribed, never had to re-subscribe to your channel.  Looks like its all been fixed.
So glad to have you back :) Youtube customer service is ridiculous. No wonder so many creators are moving to bitchute
i think it's still there
So glad to hear! Welcome back hero! Love from Bangladesh.
Ironic. He could save others from scams, but not himself.
Wait... this is not the real Jim Browning.
Glad you're back mate.  Edit: I got the biggest smile when the scammer clicked Jim's link. Now the fun begins...
Well, at least you made Lemonade out of Lemons!
I saw a hews headline that said a scam buster got tricked into deleting his channel.  I thought about you but didn't imagine you were the one.  I'm glad you're back.  The world need more like you.
Greetings "JIM BROWNING"  & FANS.  TITLE: "NO RETREAT NO SURRENDER" This is what I'm  talking about, YESSSSS, GREAT TO SEE BACK IN CONTROL.. STAY SAFE & GOD BLESS YOU ALL.
If Jim can get scammed, anyone CAN! So glad you got your channel back almost how it was before
Good I still got the automatic info about this new video! We stay lotal to you!!! Glad you are back with everything!!!
Glad that you are back.  Can watch some of the older videos that I missed.  Keep up the spirits, you have plenty of people who care about you.  :o)
Really nice to have you back a real HERO, YOU ARE, God Bless
Wishing you a glorious and satisfying revenge. Good to have you back o7
Everyone in the comments is using this to say “anyone can fall for scams!”. Uh, no, either the vid itself was faked with the intention of spreading that message (unlikely), or it just means some people aren’t as smart as they first seem. I can understand children, elderly and people with mental disabilities falling for scams, but if you’re none of the prior and you have a fully functioning brain, these kinda things don’t happen, not unless the scammers themselves are clever (which is a definite minority, but they do exist). Scamming is just a test of technological intelligence and common sense, nothing more. The way I personally see it, Jim either let down his guard for some reason or other, or the scammer was one of the aforementioned clever ones.  This comment isn’t designed to spark a big argument, i’m simply stating my opinion (based on logic). If you disagree, that’s completely fine, you can believe what you want to. As for at Jim directly (although it’s very unlikely you’ll see this comment), i’m not just a hater or anything, been watching these videos for a while now and I truly feel you’re doing a good job, especially with the major stuff such as the shutting down call centres, spreading awareness and setting anti-scammer precedents. It just seems like you let your guard down above all else, but that’s just my theory on the matter
Glad to see you back!
Jim? Being tricked? It cant be
This is literally a perfect example of "no one is untouchable"
Good to know you got your account back.
The interaction in the video is so surreal. The way you call him out as a scammer, he continues to pretend to be YouTube, and then you start having a conversation. So weird. And he clicks the grabify link twice?
The king has returned. Welcome back Jim<3
Let this be a lesson to everyone that ANYONE can be scammed if you're just caught off guard, and reacting immediately and decisively is important. Jim may have lost a part of his pride, but he didn't lose anything meaningful in the end due to his smart and fast reaction.
Lol can't wait to see how you take revenge!
What is the scammers motive here? What do they gain from you deleting your account? To just be a nuisance… Or are they trying to get control of it?
Hey Jim. Just to make you aware that the twitter link at the end of this video is incorrect and takes you to the wrong Jim Browning. You have missed off the 11. Anyway glad you are back up and running., looking forward to the next video. Love ya man.
Imagine being a anti-scammer with a million dollar channel and not having 2 step on 😂. Nah Jim just because you got scammed doesn’t mean anyone can . It just means you got sloppy . Probably from the big head
Glad you are back!!! It only goes to show, that anyone can get scammed! You are needed even more now! Cheers 🍻!
When hunter becomes the prey
So glad your back, I am a huge fan. I love your channel so much. Its thanks to you I've been brave enough recently to mess with the scammers that phone me up all the time, I humour them for about 20 mins then when I'm sure it's a scam (thanks to your videos) I somehow slip the word benchod into the convo to listen to their reaction I know you don't necessarily support that but you can blame scambaiter for that lol and usually that's what let's the game away. The last one laughed when I said it and asked how do you know about benchod you must be one and so far all my calls have hung up on me. As long as I can keep them on the phone the longer they can't phone someone else
hi
Google should fix these settings so that the descriptions match the outcome.
I’m so glad you got your channel back
Glad you returned, let’s destroy some scammers
I once was safed from a scam, which would have compromised a minecraft account of mine, because i gave the scammer a wrong mail adress (not on purpose)
So Glad you’re back Jim
I almost fell for a scam once.  I'm a Canadian.  Only once ever have I used USPS. The one time I did, at an appropriate time after ordering something, a USPS scam got past my filter, and the only reason I didn't get scammed was because it wouldn't accept Canadian addresses and I messaged my friend who was taking the order for me.  Praise God that it was trying to be authentic in that sense.  I had never seen a "we missed your order.  Schedule redelivery" thing, so I should have been suspicious.  But again... First time using USPS.
You mention Adsense in the video and it made me think of a question I’ve asked people before but never got an answer to by anyone. What happens when YouTube premium subscribers watch one of your videos? Do you lose the Adsense revenue? Am I costing you and other creators lost revenue because I want to play stuff in the background & listen with my phone locked?
Seems to me the feedback questions are how he makes his scam so convincing
Glad you got your channel back jim! Congratulations! Be careful okay? Don't trust anyone! Much love😅❤👍
The Return Of The King
9:33 - *I AM YOUTUBE*
My foreman was getting into the scamming the scammers stuff Wednesday and I was looking for your channel but couldn't find it. This coincidence is so hilarious and it's got him super nervous about scammers cause all the videos we've watched on the subject he said he could smell from a mile away, but this was so smooth.
EMBARRASSING!!!! jk jk 💖 glad your back 💋😘
i cant believe it, is youtube supporting scammer?
AM HACKED YOU
An utterly fascinating video. Thank you for your work Jim, and thank goodness you recovered your channel.
I think this scammer might be a skinwalker, by the way he would occasionally repeat things you said verbatim and generally tried all he could to improve his imitation. I caught a few "Ok" also, which make me think he's talked to Atomic Shrimp as well.
If JB can be fooled then no one is immune to scams. 😭
That is some crazy stuff - but I hope the other Jim Browning and Grandma Dot enjoyed the recognition 🤘🏼
Nice to have you back
Hurray! You're back! 😄
Glad you're back man.
It happens to the best of us. Glad that you managed to restore your channel. 💃🏾
$16,000 for 12m views a month, hot damn
Looks like we need to get the other real Jim browning to delete his channel so you can get the url back
Just realized that I had a chance of being the first viewer on this video dope, watched 10 seconds after upload
That was wild. Glad you got it all sorted out in the end.
i feel so bad
If this isn't proof of 'It happens to the best.' I don't know what is.
i didnt have to resub but did have to re hit the bell
So glad you're back Jim, sorry you had to go through all that. When I saw this video it was like being a kid on Xmas morning. Love your work 👍💕
Welcome back my friend. Now go take them down!
So so so happy that you are back.... You rock, thanks for the update and the step by step tutorial ♥️
You are amazing, turning ever encounter into a learning experience. Thank you and glad you are back!
give this guy his deserved link back
Jim Browning getting scammed feels exactly like Rick Astley getting rickrolled
Wow lol. The guy is pretty good. So what is the new channel URL now?
Thank the God-Emperor you've returned.
Wow my mind is so blown 🤯
1000
This isn’t quite the same equivalent but when I was a law student I was a victim of fraud and lost all my life savings I know how bad that knocked my confidence but I’m glad you didn’t let it bother you
Someone give this scammer Jake Paul's channel
I didn't even notice.  Didn't have to re-subscribe either.  That is a nutty story for sure.  I agree if a target is in just the right mental state you can pull off a lot of shenanigans.  Glad you got everything restored, because Google and YouTube is painful to work with.
That's why I download channels with youtube-dl. excellent tool
Why do they say that they can't recover a deleted account, when they obviously can?
I like how steam litterally recoved my acc from getting hacked the same day it happened and GOOGLE of all companies cant do their job
honestly I feel vindicated for having been scammed before, me too man.
If I was that scammer that tricked Jim browning I would cut all internet access off lol
It is insane how crafty these terrible people are becoming. I am glad that you were able to restore your account! I can only imagine the stress of this situation.
I can't even imagine how frightening this must have been when it first happened. Thank you for sharing this story with us - hopefully, people will take these lessons to heart.
It's hard to see your heroes fall
you got scammed? oh sweet Jesus all hope is lost!  glad to have you back!
Yeah jim's back xxxx
God is not infallible.
This is actually really scary. We would win the war at the end. Let’s keep fighting.
Arkadaş ülkeye gelen mülteci bile dolandırıcı kafayı yiyeceğim
So even Jim got scammed 🤣
Bloody hell Jim, if you've been scammed what chance do us mere mortals have!
Full credit for coming clean about being taken in. It's very easily done... Even for the most sceptic amongst us.
Is it only my phone or does the function ,,Sort Videos : Most Popular" not work anymore :(  Edit: Now it works
That's wild
I dunno, the channel seems to be here. I think you might have been wrong
The scam destroyer gets scammed
That is so true. I am also a scam buster, and almost got scammed myself. They have also improved on some of their scamming skills. The paying attention,  asking questions and double checking/research while you stall them is the proper method....do not stray 😀
Glad you got your channel back. And as you mentioned, it goes to show that anyone can be scammed
There is so many Syrian in here Turkey so this guy can be Syrian but as u though maybe he said it for sympathy
You are an amazing person!!!!  Crazy how we are always learning lessons no matter how much we think we know and how old we get. Please sell Merch🙏🏼 I want a logo Tee Shirt.
It takes a very humble person to admit they've been scammed, especially when you make a career out of exposing scammers. Good to have you back.
The company I work for stopped using google apps because people on gmail could spam with out domain name. It's a joke. Google does nothing about it.
I don't wanna be the "i told you so" guy but... i think it's time to move yourself to odysee... (since this yt bs is out of hands)... Edit: there one eazy rule to never get scammed: Don't ever do anything in a rush.
thats fucking scarry that even the best can be scammed. i dont even wanna know how many times i got scammed and stuff without me knowing it
so glad got channel back
Man that was a good spoof. I would have fallen for it till the form page aswell. You are lucky YouTube put it back up for you. Keep up the good work
I’m so happy he is back
Anyone can be scammed.
The NERVE of these people! SCAMMERS SUCK!
Welcome back!!!
Scammers need to be deleted!!!
Lmaooooo im Syrian and i literally i have never heard about people scamming this way
Thanks for sharing this and really glad you got it sorted out. Your videos help educate people and more should be done by the mainstream media channels to promote awareness of the possible scams. Keep up the good work.
Jim Browning needs a TV Show
Glad to have you back big Jim. Edinburgh Scotland 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 sends best wishes
Man, I gotta admit... this is a pretty believable scam. Which is probably obvious considering it fooled *Jim Browning*
isnt logging in to googles chat and sending people emails a felony?
Sorry to hear this happened to you Jim , seems like none of us are  fallible in the end . Glad to see you got your channel back again . Stay safe and keep up the great work !
How do you use grabify, I want 2 try it on someone who im talking 2. The person doesn't act like a usual scammer. So I want 2 see if the person is actually in the US or not
I don't think he wanted to recruit you. He was asking if you hated someone so he could ask you to pay him to get the channel down. Propably he offers that kind of services and that's why your channel was targeted. Your channel made someone mad enough to hire this guy to delete your channel.
Oh 'eck but happy in a wierd way you turned it around into new content! In passing my subscription was intact including the bell alert. 🍾🍻👍👋😀🇬🇧
Thanks for the information,  will certainly look out for this scam
@Jim Browning: All is good on this end.  I didn't have to resubscribe.  Glad you were able to get your channel back.
Holy cow !!   Glad your amazingness is back with us
So that the website my friend use to track my Ip.
Still subscribed and all notifications still on. Make sure to check your own subscription
So glad you're back man!
That is freaking crazy man holy crap
So good to see You Back 💜
Finally we got his channel back ^_^
Wow! Very informative & so glad you got your channel back.
I hate scammers, but i genuenly like this guy. He scammed the anti-scam god himself, with an actually decent thing, and didnt lie, wanted SUGGESTIONS. just 1 thing, look into the channel ur gonna take over
Sir, Good to see you again.
I HAD A DREAM LAST NIGHT THAT YOUR ACCOUNT WAS BACK
I went in a state of shock when Mutahar said that you were tricked into deleting your channel
The King returns
I thought I was careful enough to avoid scams but I'm pretty certain I would have fallen for this one. Thank you for sharing.
me watching the end of the video with the preamble of the next vids:  GET THEM JADE.
Welcome back!
Does anyone know from where was the screenshot taken
lmao the audacity of this one
7:40 "NEVER SUBMIT PASSWORDS THROUGH GOOGLE FORMS" Well XD
Wow, now that is a story, I'm glad it worked out for you Jim!!
Finally you got your match... :)
WHEN THE WORLD NEEDED HIM MOST, HE RETURNED !
Glad to see you got things well sorted. Fraud~Squad always wins in the end. <3
I am still subscribed. Nothing changed on my end.
The biggest thing we trust currently are the domain names. If we cannot trust that, especially in the world or mobile devices with small screens, we all will get scammed.  Google needs to fix this, hey Google we trust your domain name blindly often fix this loophole.  And this truly goes to show that anyone can get scammed and the scammers are getting better.
I just searched you, you are top result. Nay worries
Most popular on your YouTube channel doesnt work
This is probably the best video you have ever posted. It proves that this can happen to anyone. Even the best. 😎👍
Good to see you back Jim!
18:25 🤣🤣
It's good to have you back!
Hunter gets hunted. Lol
Never thought such a thing could happen to Master Jim!
The legend is back
Man that shows how much scammers are desperate to get money or anything(i got called by a scammer many times but i don't know to how to reverse the connection so i coudn't scambait :( )
Bruh this guy is the dumbest yet smartest scammer ever lmao
bro deleted a channel with 3 million subs and is asking for just 100 bucks LOL, how can you have such a bad life to where you'll value such a channel at just 100 dollars
you're double f***ed from now on, scammers. don't expect mercy from Jim or anyone else at that point.
"You were the chosen one ! you were supposed to bait the scammers not getting scam by them !"  just kidding but i feel like your vengeance is going to be served really cold.
social engineering: 100
Good to see you are back Jim 👍
This is CRAZY
Glad you’re back. Keep doing the good work you do.
Just goes to show that even the most tech savvy and cautious person can get fooled by a scam, be careful folks, the scammers are getting more and more conniving!
The English was “just about okay”? Tells me everything I would need to know 😂🤪😷
probably someone from Microsoft from India^^
I used Google lens on the revenue image but nothing matched. May be real. Glad you're back.
If Google bands you on YouTube they will brick your android phone because it is linked to your Google account. Any Google account that gets deleted will affect your android phone if you're android phone is linked to your Google accounts which they usually are
if they can catch you out catch anyone out , hunt them down jim revenge best served cold
I think this shows that these scammers are getting more detailed and creative. It definitely looked convincing. Any of us can be scammed at anytime. Thank you for posting this as we all can remember to stay diligent.
The last shred of confidence I had that I wouldn’t fall for a scam has just been shot dead and buried.
Shows me Still subscribed.  And I got the proper notification on my cell phone.  Welcome back.  Yay
This shows that scammers are getting smarter as they learn from their older scams. As the saying goes, there is a scam out there for everyone
Pierogi is an awesome dude
I like how you gave feedback on the overall scam, usually victims just rage at them, calling them out or smth out. But it isn't recommended to actually tell them ur feedback, right? In all, you dealt this really calmly and professionally!
Welcome back!
Got the notification, so I'm still subscribed and YT didn't boot me. Great to see a fellow NI man doing this.
Amazing that you recovered from your mistake so fast and turned it into a great video in the moment
I’m so glad you are back brother
Glad you're back, Jim. You're a national treasure.
Google was upset there revenue from google play card scams was being hit. (Im joking i have not watched yet but to be fair they dont do crap about it which sucks)
Scammers have gotten this good at phising. If Jim gets confused then how the heck can a lay person like me deal with such things? Oh my Zod, it's been a more than a decade since i've seen someone have a fastmail email!! i'm impressed!
Lmao pathetic u got scammed 🤣🤣
early
I got an official text from Royal mail, then a scam text right after about my "missed package". If I had not already got my package I could have been tricked.
You have definitely highlighted a major flaw with Google's services. Let's hope they change them soon.
Can't imagine the stress you went through. Glad it worked out.
Im glad to see you are back
You know the scammers are ROFLing right now that they got the mighty Jim Browning. They will be telling this story for scammer generations to come.
Jim mad as hell... I like it
JIM WUUUU.  HUUUUU We were praying for you. Wellllllllllllllcome back That evil devil couldn't hide those cloven hoofs for long.
Phew! Good to see you back, Jim. Been searching YouTube for your name every day in the hope that you'd reappear.
Glad you’re back up and running!
WELCOME BACK.  Every second you're not here is a second for the bad guys.
Crazy
I love u jim xxxxxx
These scammers are getting smarter.  Or more devious.  Good to see you back Jim!
I did not have to resubscibe to the channel. I was notified on my phone like I usually am when your videos go up.  I hope this information was helpful.
This is crazy! So glad you managed to get your channel restored!
Wow... Jim Browning, the king of scambaiting, almost got scammed... That tells you how much anyone can fall for a scam, and you always have to stay carefull
Bruh, youtube did a good job in restoring your channel, i even got a notification for this video
Plot twist: Jim knew he was getting scammed but didn't want to miss out on the good content ;)
Glad to see you back
This sucks. Glad you got your channel back.
The apprenticeship begins.
If he is south-west then yea, his from Syria :P
Top 10 mysteries scientists can’t explain:
This was interesting
Keep on going. Burn these scammers.
So glad you're back!
Looks like one of the scammers you went after got their revenge on you.
My brain just ran into BSoD trying to process how Jim was tricked
I am so glad you got your YouTube channel back. I did wonder what happened to you.
I can't deny, this is somewhat awkward.
I never noticed that your channel was deleted at all
More power to you Jim. Love from India ❤️
i think adam from psyched substance also fell for this one
Who ever scammed Jim probably felt like a God
Credit to you for actually uploading this video
Good old Google, lying about being able to help when they actually can. Such a dumb thing for them to be doing.
Yesterday, I was really surprised when I saw your channel has no videos, however, your playlists were still available and I was able to access your videos from there.
You’re back! I'm so glad everything worked out in the end.
These videos really be so interesting
I believe the screenshot is taken from one of MKB’s videos where he discusses YouTube …
Thank god your ok
Yea - seriously - I was on and thought WTF???
I am so happy you’re back Jim, I enjoyed your content and was so glad to see you back on track :)
This is all reminding me of when I got my Steam account hijacked by the "accidental report" scam. Not nearly as bad as this and was able to get everything back in 3 hours but still scary
Christopher? Christopher, Christopher, was that-- is that me!?
I'm glad you got your channel back
The grammar is a massive giveaway right off. No self-respecting huge company would allow an e-mail to be sent that was so horribly worded as that one is. The sentences aren't even constructed properly.
The scammer that scams scammers gets scams. Try saying that 3x fast.
Jim never dies. Long life to the king
I'm fairly certain that screen grab is from a channel in subbed to, the numbers seem really familiar and i vaguely remember seeing it in a q/a
This is probably how big channels get turned into fake crypto ads or something
The scam counter master got scammed. This just goes to show how vulnerable elderly and non-tech-savvy people are. Heck i triple check any email with suspicions
This is a great lesson for the people who call scam victims stupid. If a veteran scambaiter of Jim Browning's caliber can fall for scam then it can happen to anyone.
what the shit
I just visited his channel throughly and thankfully all his contents are there. That's a good relief
Wow thank god your back that was really convincing
You’re only human, just goes to show how sinister and conniving these scammers can really be.
It looks like the scammer scammer was scammed, a scammer scammer scammer!
If Jim Browning can get scammed, there's no hope for any of us.
Surely YouTube / Google are not stupid enough to allow ordinary users to create account / chat names using their brand names? - oh, apparently they are!
Gothca !
Let me tell you Jim, that guy was terrorize many channels and some of th haven't recovered yet. If he somehow managed to convince you your channel will turn into ethereum bot mining. You're not supposed to hunt him, because you knew he is far clever than that.
YouTube won't use @GMAIL or @GOOGLE
Saw this on twitter and had a heart attack.  Good to know everything's fine now.
Moral of the story: Trust NO ONE
Praise God you're back. If they can get to you, it's much more dangerous for all of us.
Oh my.... someone got the master.
Jim Browning in his Batman voice "Revenge is a dish best served cold"
Jim getting scammed. I have lost all faith.
Glad hes back
Dang.
Those scammers better be aware....Jim Browning is back and this time he is armed with a 12 Gauge Shotgun.....and leathers and sunglasses....prepare FOR WAR Scammers....there is only one winner in this fight....JIM BROWNING!
This video somehow...for some boggling reason made me realise i had to update my new phone number on the contact info on my account XD
It looks like it was copied from someone else's YouTube.  I don't know who's channel they took it from, but this individual should be charged for what he is doing.
this man just went "i lived bitch"
welcome back king
When Jim gets scammed you know there’s no hope for the rest of us 😅
Nice to see your back 👍🏻
i hope i never get scamed
Can we give him credit for being willing to show his mistakes and pitfalls so that others won't follow in the same path?
That's the same email Some Ordinary Gamers got!
Please back up your videos just in case
How embarrassing haha but at least it shows any of us can fall for a scam :)
Wow...Anyone really can get scammed. Jim got mugged  📴😳
It’s shocking to see that a computer god like you fell to the scamming empire. But it happens to all. You should take revenge!
I was the scammer who tricked you. Well played brother. Well played.
what happened
A website to steal people’s IP address actually exists?
Never thought I’d see the day where Jim falls for a scam
"I'm YouTube" 😂😂
Wow its unimaginable that you could get hacked but nobody's perfect! I'm happy you caught it quickly before any real problems happened.
Had no idea that this happend. I'm so out of the loop :p Glad I didn't need to resub as I wouldn't have thought of your channel for a long time
The greatest ever scam catcher gets scammed... We are all doomed! Doooooomed I tell ya!
Thank goodness you're back! We missed you & thanks to  scammer payback for letting us know everything was OK, and that *anyone* (even the absolute legend, Jim Browning) could have this happen when you have so much going on (I've been there.. recovering from birth, a divorce etc.. but just overwhelmed at that point) it truly can happen to anyone!  Thank you so much for coming back Jim!! You're awesome.  YouTube as a whole would've been mourning had you not gotten back!!
One of the big Polish science channels - Uwaga! Naukowy Belkot was recently hacked
Wow man i was worried you were gone for good. Im glad youre back
ummmmm
Poor jim
plot twist it was actually youtube they wanna jebait n get rid of his channel the alternate way Dx
3:36 "Are you using a computer or phone at the moment?" This should have been a red flag :D
Sneaky barstewards!!
I was worried  Edit: I heard the truth from Mutahar
Time to launch a great crusade against the scammers
The King Returns
Even the best of us slip up.  In effect all this should do is double your resolve to continue forward & be vigilant.
When the world needed him most, he made a return 😈
Well I think I know where it came from its called haven USA  Kansas Switzer Road and around that area that is where is coming from in think got it from the numbers wich was an iP address at this time stamp 1:02
Wow, even a scammer is 'better' support than the actual YouTube support itself.
An important lesson.
Respect, don't trust anyone who doesn't admit you and me both can screw up at any time.   Edit: I swear, I wrote this before the end of the video.
How did you fall for such an obvious scam?
Jim so sorry this happened to you this is an ongoing scam that a few youtubers with decent amount of content and subs has happened to BUT they did a little differently they would send a emails for Paid Promotions and once they would start clicking links the scammer would have control of their YouTube page 🙄  sucks that this happens , but so glad you caught it in time and were able to gain control !👍👏🙏
glad your back  friend
7 yers of work, 170 video and all subs - removed... What the hell happened here ?
Please upload more frequently I have been itching for more content
He returns stronger than ever
Early 😎
To those that say people are idiots for falling for scams, that they deserved to be scammed if they are that stupid, or some BS like that, I give you this. Somebody who documents, opposes, and takes down scammers for his living, got scammed himself. Desperation can cause people to do stupid things. But I’d also like to point out something else too, that this video might be as important as the original documentation of the scam call center in terms of an in depth look into scamming in general. The fact you managed to get him into an actual conversation, not the usual anger and threats most scammers sling when they feel threatened, is amazing for the situation at hand.
I imagine when your account was deleted the scammer centers looked like Houston control room when Apollo 13 reported after the reentry...
In all fairness to Jim, in this whole process every step Google should have stepped up their security just a little bit and this wouldnt have been possible Sending an email when someone recieves a google message which makes it look like it's being sent from an @google.com email, and the complete lack of clarity with the brand accounts actually deleting stuff were just two of the big ones
If Jim Browning can get his account deleted anyone can
Good to have you back Jim 🙌🏻
Good to see you are back!
Pheeeew, that was close.
You are back! Nice!
what
I was wondering what happened to your videos they always popped up in my recommended lol
"What do you mean by real support? I'm YouTube"
I am so glad you are back!!!!
I am glad that this did happen to you, Shows everyone that anyone can be scammed, And shows you a valuable lesson to up the game and fight back harder.
I’m actually shocked he fell for this bogus 🤦🏼‍♂️
I can only imagine the crater Jim is going to leave where this scammer was operating from. This hunt should rival the legend of "The Black Count" Alex Dumas.
This is why I don't check my emails
congratulations on getting your channel back!
Very Ironic that you got scammed
My son shut down his account today after being hacked thats six years down the drain. All his hard work wasted.
Welcome Back Jim !
This is pretty frightening
14:15 uno reverse card
Another YouTuber Wuggolo transferred all his comments to a new brand account and he claims it was to remove old features it had, could it be related to this?
I was right in the middle of a great movie...when this notification appeared. That was the end of that movie!  Just shows you. Anyone can be scammed. Fortunately Jim Browning knows enough not to be completely compromised.
Glad its back, hope you doing well Jim!
I never clicked so fast.. Poor Jim. I was so worried :P Glad you're back!
You are indeed a CLASS ACT!
) :
welcome back man
WELCOME BACK!
Goddamn trolls
Oh thank goodness you made this already! I couldn’t breathe when I realised what happened
Thank you!!!
before you say anything else get this s*** straight  Google owns YouTube bro  not the original owner from YouTube no more   Google  owns YouTube
ug
Wow this is wild
Hmm  horrible though to know that scammers could do such a thing
WOAH 27K views and 617 comments in just 12 minutes 😶😶🥳🥳
This is crazy
Ironic
wow
He is back !! The knight in shinning armour
Yay you're back 👏🏿
I was just watching a video about you wtf...
nowadays it feels like anything can happen. flooding, pandemics, jim Browning falling for a scam. there must be an error in the matrix
Welcome back JIM !
Jim Brownings return is similar to Neo seeing only code for the first time
Well this proves that we all get scammed at least once in our life. Either we notice it or not, we all can can scammed.
I wonder if they scammer knew who they was talking to…
This is A-level Phishing
no offense but how did you fall for that email scam when even the grammar and layout arent correct .......
Glad you're back
No harm no foul. I'm sure you, and now all of us, learned from your mistake! I'm glad you're back, Jim!
As terrible as this was, I’m finally happy there’s a jim browning video without any annoying indian accents.
“I own the way to retrieve the channel directly” It sounds so inspirational 😂
Glad your back, and as others say, shows that anyone can be scammed.
My heart sunk at the beginning, and even after realizing you got it fixed I feel bad.
they actually did it.. they finessed the finesser..
Anything really can happen to anyone. Be careful people
I love how these people can use PayPal but if your politics are off it can't happen
If Jim can be scammed, we’re all fucked
I guess its true that everyone got scammed once in their life…
Just tell us the truth, you were drunk... It's okay, we all been there.
HES BACK!
I love how he even though he's Scottish his annunciation is perfect. Until the bloke goes I own your channel then Jim's like "naw"
When Jim Browning of all people falls for a scam, you start to understand better how people fall for scams.
still subscribed btw
Scammer get scammed, scammer get scammed
The return of the legend
Just shows this can happen to anyone!
Well how u get ur channel back???
Wow that's a huge scam call center in the outro
the man, the myth, the legend is back
The king is back👑🔥💯
First
i’m so glad your back
Why is this even an option on youtube? And it all seems incredibly vague
Yes he's back!
He’s back!
🤣🤣🤣
SUSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN
I am very happy you got your channel back. I hope what happened will not stop you doing what you doing best!
Welcome back good sir!
So glad you're back 👍. It's just show you that scammers would go threw anything . from 🌞 Cali.
Wow
Even the best need to stay extra vigilant. Keep at em Jim.
I watched Mutahar's (SomeOrdinaryGamers) video on this Fake Google Scam and I got worried about you.
Jim? Tricked??
I'm glad you bounced back, best of luck for the future
they had an icon of YS which is like a default kind of profile icon right?
Its scary that social engineering can really be effective in scamming people.
Let's turn to God let's repent and ask for forgiveness let's study God's word and thank God for sending Jesus and all he's done Thank you God Shepherdschapelcom Theseasonorg explains the whole Bible God bless   "I am the way, the truth and the life: no man cometh unto the Father but by me."   John 14:6   1. KNOW that all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God. Romans 3:23  2. UNDERSTAND the wages of sin is death. Romans 6:23  3. CONFESS that Jesus Christ is Lord, and believe in your heart that God raised Him from the dead. Romans 10:9  4. REPENT of your sins Luke 13:3  5. READ and STUDY God's Word to show yourself approved. 2 Timothy 2:15  6. PUT ON the whole armor of God. Ephesians 6:11  7. BEWARE of the son of perdition who is coming first disguised as Jesus to oppose and exalt himself above all that is called God, or worshipped.  2 Thessalonians 2:3,4  8. WATCH and PRAY until the true Christ returns. Luke 12:37 Remain as a chaste virgin waiting for  her true husband. 2 Corinthians 11:2
If only Jim could have rung himself to tell him this is a scam
Great to hear you again Jim. Greetings from Coleraine.
my favorite audiobooker has been scammed. we're no longer safe.
«As you can see, I am not dead!»
my 320k subscriber's channel also got hacked and deleted, how can I recover it ???
Whaaaaaaaat😢
eyy noice h e bacc
So even gods can bleed...
Big Mac  x15  $30  Flip Flops  x3m  $9m  Coca-Cola Pack  x312.9m  $1.6b  Movie Ticket  x50k  $600k  Book  x20  $300  Lobster Dinner  x10k  $450k  Video Game  x1m  $60m  Amazon Echo  x2m  $198m  Year of Netflix  x80  $8k  Air Jordans  x500  $62.5k  Airpods  x100k  $19.9m  Gaming Console  x9m  $2.7b  Drone  x5m  $1.8b  Smartphone  x5m  $3.5b  Bike  x200k  $160m  Kitten  x15  $22.5k  Puppy  x20  $30k  Auto Rickshaw  x2  $4.6k  Horse  x500k  $1.3b  Acre of Farmland  x2m  $6b  Designer Handbag  x500  $2.8m  Hot Tub  x1m  $6b  Luxury Wine  x900k  $6.3b  Jet Ski  x100  $1.2m  Rolex  x50  $750k  Ford F-150  x1  $30k  Tesla  x5  $375k  Monster Truck  x10  $1.5m  Ferrari  x15  $3.8m  Single Family Home  x200  $60m  McDonalds Franchise  x500  $750m  Superbowl Ad  x900  $4.7b  Yacht  x500  $3.8b  M1 Abrams  x600  $4.8b  Formula 1 Car  x30  $450m  Apache Helicopter  x20  $620m  Mansion  x50  $2.3b  Make a Movie  x1  $100m  Boeing 747  x2  $296m  Mona Lisa  x1  $780m  Skyscraper  x50  $42.5b  Cruise Ship  x1  $930m  NBA Team  x4  $8.5b  TOTAL$100,000,000,000
Welcome back Jim
Nice to see you back
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
Oh how the tables have turned ... that’s what happens when you piss off half of India
It happened to another youtuber I watch called “psychedsubstance”. It’s quite scary how convincing that email was
Eyyy!!!
fuck me I'm glad you got it back that is grim mate
20k in 8 minutes! You’re a legend in heroes world
This is probably the best teaching moment for all of us. Your openness is so appreciated and I’m sure it’s not an easy thing to discuss. Glad you’re back!
I think they wanted to delete ur account so you couldn’t post videos about them.
Yes he’s back
"They wanted him gone because he knew the most"
yikes big rip but hey at least you gain information the Jim browning way 😎
My oh my, who would have thought a day like this would come?
The nerve of the bastards responsible for this!!
So happy everything worked out.
*I don't want to sound a smarta$$ but, the first thing that I noticed on that email (and made me suspicious) was the capital 'W' in the second line. Genuine google messages can't be so illiterate.*
Got jebated lol
Shit happens. You back now 👍
*WELCOME BACK HERO!*
If this can happen to you, it can happen to anyone. Thanks for what you do and how you do it - you are legend
Trust me. These scammers found out who you are.  I would do whatever you can to hide where you are. These guys will do anything for money and if you mess with them who knows how shady they can be.  Much respect to your mission my brother.  Good luck .
I see you automatically got my subscription back as well
Jim delete this vid rn it shows you’re channel I’d wich can take your ur yt acc
Does this impact your Patreon?
ayeee he's back
Welcome back 😁
literally just watched mutas video and this came up
Jim's back finally!! YAY! really loved your content.
Hi
So sorry this happened to you...welcome back!
OMG Jim, you are getting old!! 🤣🤣
I am so so so happy you were able to recover your channel.
Welcome back
That's funny and very sad at the same time, still I am glad you are back. Take care.
Good to have you back mate
Glad to have you back
Time for glitter nuke?
And he had the initiative to record it all
I’m glad you got your channel back Jim
And now begins the revenge arc.  “Find them, Make them fear sending another phishing e-mail.”  🎩 🐍 no step on snek! 🇺🇸🇭🇰
Imma1st
i absolutely love this channel, and i have a question i hope someone might try and answer.  with all of the ransomware happening from nation states, are there private white hat hackers fighting back that we never hear about?  i'm familiar with anonymous, but generally speaking, i've not read about them taking on something that big.  i would love to know that we're not all going to be held captive by black hats, and that there are many more jim brownings out there!
I’m just glad the hero is back
I'm so glad that you got your channel back and it didn't take months.
While you did fall for this scam, this is honestly partly YouTube and Google’s fault too. They have NO ACTUAL SYSTEM in place to HELP creators if something happens to their channel so creators have resulted in e-mail, Google Chat and Twitter to get their accounts back (like if accounts get “accidentally” deleted or some other bs).
Jim, did you just expose the email that's linked to this channel's account? Because no bueno
It’s ok Jim, Kitboga held back the hordes while you were temporarily out of action
So Google screwed up then. As always.
Handful of like minded people determining what we can and cannot see (often when promoting their own self serving  agenda)  concorship goes hand in hand with Facism, and boy there's a lot 9f that go in on.
Missed you Jim!!! Glad you're ok and back with us!
I am glad you got your channel back and are back to uploading on your regular channel.
welcome back champion, i saw mutah's video that said that you got tricked by a google/youtube scammer to delete your channel for a second ad account or sum anyways welcome back!
Let´s get the revange
hahahaahahahahahhahaa ahahahhaha.... lol
If you can be scammed, we are doomed!
The upmost respect and my awkwardly Irish love to you... Glad your back.... All the way from the Windy City  💚🤍🧡
Even our lord got baited. 😪
Shows ya how easy it is to get scammed. Doesn't matter how good you know your stuff etc you can get caught.   Happens to best of us
If the king of scam hunters can be fooled, *anyone can be!* Thanks for sharing this, Jim. Stay safe out there everyone 👍
scammers behind it must have felt like they are the kings of the world haha
You should probably hide your email in videos.... Otherwise "Please reply us by clicking", really? Thats big red exclamation mark. And "We are waiting for your reply" only confirms suspicion, like entire Google crew is waiting with bottle of champagne for your reply... Yea, Google that doesnt care if your video get DMCA fairly or not. OMG.
Yay you're back!!!!   I got truly scared when I caught wind of this scam and not seeing your channel
This is like Smokey taking D-bo's chain.... Not going to end well for the POS scammers 😂
Welcome back 🙏 our lord and savior has returned.
Guess who is back, back again. Jim Brow Browning is back again! Welcome back and can't wait for you to catch more scammers with the many communities support.
glad to see you back
Jim got scammed?... impossible...
This was one of most ironic shit ive ever seen
It stands to reason the work that you do would make you a particular target. Glad you were able to rectify the situation, and it’s cool you shared the compete and somewhat embarrassing story, highlighting mistakes you made throughout, to educate your viewers and help avoid similar traps. Good on you.
Thank god, you still keeping all the channel content back. I really love your content, man
Things like these are what make me paranoid online
It’s actually fucking hilarious that they tricked you to begin with. I bet you had a good laugh.
Was waiting for you yesterday, I'm glad you're back finally
I didn't even know it was deleted :(
Jim uve been googled
Phoenix
scam baiter gets revenge scammed, it had crappy grammar come on.
we already know
Proof anyone can be scammed...
Oh my god, i went sick when i found out your channel had been deleted. Im suprised you got them to do this out of all people. Ive been scammed before and i consider my self careful too.
IMPOSSIBLE
Welcome back Mr. Jim Browning. So happy got your channel back. It proves a point anybody can get scam by anything this days. A lot hugs & Much Love 🐻‍❄️🤗❤️
LETS GOOOOO
We must be in the end times, the scam hunter was hunted and scammed... "Its like poetry it rhymes" - Dan and Dave/George R.R Martin...
Good to see you back.
WHAAAAA
The perfect storm. They got lucky this time, sir. There won't be a next time.
I don’t wanna lose this channel lol
Wow thank god you’re back 👍🙏🥰
Jim you have no idea how happy I’m right now!!!!! Thanks god to have you back.!
getting scammed by coincidence is so common. happened to my sister.  got her first job, and soon she got an email from her "bank" about taxes and whatnot. had she not talked about it with us she might have had her money stolen or something. we noticed that the from wasn't the official one but was damn close so it was a good disguise
.
oh my goodness, this is not good. i'm really glad to hear that you got it back.
Ah Jim im delighted to see you back i was heartbroken when I heard what happened to you i felt really sad for you onwards and upwards for you now this will only make you stronger and determine to go harder on these scammers best of luck from me and everyone in Ireland 🥇🥇🥇👍👍👍👍👍❤❤❤❤🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪
Sir good luck.....from Pakistan 🇵🇰
glad you got the channel back!
oh god
How the turntables. Honestly with the number of people that attempt to scam him, it's surprising it took this long for him to get hit.
This is the proverbial poking of the bear!!! Don't they know that Jim will now come back  twice as furious and determined to stop scams! *Grabs 🍿🍿*
been super excited for this video ever since I saw that tweet a few days ago
If Jim gets tricked then none of us are safe lol. Happy to see you back
Heard about it from Muta, crazy stuff
I have a feeling heads are gonna roll on this one
I’ve missed you! 😃
Scammer: "Do you bleed?"
Internet's Black knight
Find them, hunt them down. Oh and Jim, give them hell.
I am so glad you got your channel back
Lololol the best “where’s your god now” move.
The scammer who did this must feel like a god.
I:
OMG everything is back!!!  YAY!!  We were all super concerned but knew you'd be back.  Hard to keep a good man down!  I'm so so happy your entire channel is back intact, as I consider it the biggest treasure of YouTube!  Thank you for fighting and exposing yet another scam. Hugsssss!!! 🌻🤗💛
The legend is back
Glad u got it back bro
Now that you're here, it's time to do a little bit of trollin' to those scammers.
They had to bring an army of scammers to take down Jim Browning!
This happened to another Youtuber named Alexandria ryan . They took over her channel & directed payments to their bank account. She lost 2 payments and had a hard time getting her account back . This all happened when she went on vacation.
someone scammer get scammed scammed him what has this world come to
Jim Browning falling for a scam? Impossible.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOB!!!!!
Welcome back & to celebrate your return i got a bridge to sell you ^^ ! (Sorry couldent resist)...
"If you can make god bleed, people will cease to believe in him" I sincerely hope this isn't the case man, keep doing what you are doing you are a hero
No way man. Same thing that happened to Psyched Substance.
dude. You doxxed your email!!!
Heeeees baaaaaaack
thank you for the return. :)
HOW
U should of messaged support
Welcome back Jim.  this just shows anyone can get scammed by these people.
Very glad to see u back sir.
1min ago ,1k likes...
They actually managed to scam Jim, no one is safe
WHY??!!
Glad you're back. Time to go after the scammers who did this to you. They're afraid of you which is why they went after you.
"I hacked Google servers and got my account back"  I definitely wouldn't be surprised if he said that
No way you got scammed
The line break between 'as a result' and 'We' as well as capitalizing the 'W' in 'We' would have at least raised some red flags for me. The language in the message also doesn't make much sense, and Google would not contact you through Google Chat for any official communication.
Ever since I heard you got scammed I was waiting for a video explaining how it happened.
I know a few other youtubers who fell for the same scam including PsychedSubstance, it seems to be hitting a lot of popular youtubers recently
I saw muta video on fake Google mail vid and realised that's why I couldn't find you
YES! HE IS BACK!
Welcome back Jim. I love your work to fight these thieves
How did you let this happen boss!? Hope all is well
He's baaaack!!!
When I sort you channel by order of highest views,it says your channel has no videos but it shows all of your videos when I sort by oldest or newest
Because you have to obey the new order.
Glad you’re back!
He has risen!
If Jim can fall for it, we’re all doomed
I love ur channel (pls don’t hack me)
Welcome back
Nani?!
That’s surprising actually, crazy how things can mess up like this!  I hope you’ll be able to get through this Jim, your one of my favorite youtubers and I’m glad your stopping these scammers, we need more people like you! 🙂
Yooooooo..... The Legend is Back
I'm glad your back!
The king of anit-scams is back!
I think that finally puts the argument of "how can anyone fall for a scam" to rest. This more then proves ANYONE can be scammed. Be careful.
WB
Jim you are a legend!
Glad to see you back 🙏🙏🙏
Oh thank the lord
At least you’re back
Impressive trick but glad you are back.
Glad to have you back
wow that was smart
Me: *reads title*  Also me: “hang on, what?
wait no way..WAAAAIT WHAAAT
Early ticket 👇
I been following u. Sub since u were under 5k
Oh great they created a monster I can't wait to see Jim come out with both shotguns blazing
Watching video time... i got a scam email from apparently my own domain at some point. Scams are getting creative
The King has returned
out of all people, i wouldn’t expect something like this to happen to you. but honestly that really sucks dude
How could an end game 10000 lvl+ player like you to get his channel deleted??  The end is near.
Glad you're back!
They were afraid of you. Simple as that. But they couldn't take you down in the end 👍
we all will be by your side scammers never learn
Glad your back, love your work. That said, I find the irony very amusing.
Huh, I heard that you were tricked into it and my immediate thought was "impossible". It really can happen to anyone...
Thank god you were able to get your channel back! Whew.
Glad you have your channel back.
Thank god! You got your channel back Jim.
We’re so glad to see u back, so and great big youtubers like someordinarygames
I'm a huge fan from Texas 🇨🇱
glad to have you back "Jim"
I’m so sorry this happened frickin scammers
Glad you are back😘😘
Your Back!
Welcome back
THE DARK KNIGHT RISES
Thank goodness you’ve returned. We needed you Jim
Can't believe you got duped.... What chance do us mear mortals have
Impossible
Welcome back Jim. Glad to have you back.
He's back boys!!! Time to rat out the scam rats out at once 👨‍💻🧐
WELCOME BACK!!!!!!!
Let’s gooo you’re back
Oh thank god Jim is back.
*The myth the legend he is back!*
Wow
Woah. The god himself got scammed??
Utmost respect for you Jim ✌🏼
Welcome back.
Poetic, in a way. The man known for hunting down scammers got scammed himself. Goes to show these things can truly happen to anyone.
Good to see you back 👍
Been waiting for this since I saw an article about this (along with your tweets), congrats on getting your channel back!
Welcome back Jim.
They’ve got to b after u
Clicked as soon as I was notified.
OMG i was wondering what happened!!
Jim, you can’t possibly have been scammed 😳 That’s like finding out that Superman isn’t real 😩
The moment YT notified me, I jumped straight here. JB you are everyone's dark knight
WELCOME BACK IVE BEEN WAITING
Last time I was this early my girlfriend left me
I had no idea this was happening lol
scam baiter gets scammed
Very sorry this happened.   We must all be vigilant and nvr let our guard down.
Welcome back Jim Browning
Great to see you back!
I’m glad you were able to get your channel back. Just shows how anyone can be scammed!
😼
I clicked so fast. Been anticipating this video
Seeing this happen to alot of people and creators. Glad your spreading awareness of this
I’m so confused
Haters!
Wow the scammers are improving
Wait what? "Tricked into deleting"???
Freaking bastards. I'll still support you and will share the hell out of this.
Jim is best
How?!? Then how is this channel still here?
Strange
bless you, im glad you got it back!
Bruh I legit lost my shit when you tweeted that out
Scammed :D feels good
The legend is back thank god you got it back
But you’re on your main channel right now?
Hi Jim, you are one of my heroes
hello there
Jim was tricked? I can't believe that
I can’t believe it I’m gonna watch everything
Woopsie doodle‘s
Great content mate. You always have so much info rathef than any bloatware Thanks and please keep up all the great work🙂
Glad you got it back.
Thank God your back
This is a super oppsie
Welcome back sir, stronger than ever.
Sorry that happened Jim
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
hmmm
So glad you are back!💕
YOU, OUT OF ALL PEOPLE GOT HACKED!? rip dude
Well all that’s good is that ur back 🙏🏽🙏🏽
Never back down Jim!
Wow
Wild
Welcome my friend
Wow
The scammer destroyer gets scammed. The unbeatable has been beaten. The world's defenders are helpless now.
This shows that no one is safe from scams
His return is like Simba’s in the pridelands
I was shocked to see you weren't there!!
W
Wait what
Glad you’re back
Proof that anyone can get scammed.  Stay safe online everyone!
This was sad
Never thought I'd see the day xD
Holy shit I thought u were gone for good. Welcome back
First
Even Jim can get scammed, wow
damn good to see you back!
Damnn welcome back
Damn
Return of the King! 👑🤩
WTF
Feels bad man😔 Glad you are back!
This is truly a bruh moment
I love it when the notification pops up “someone liked your comment” and “you have a new subscriber”  👇
Welcome back
They everyone
Noooooooooo Why
da fuq?
At least you got your account back Jim
glad you got ur channel back!
Welcome back
I love Jim browning
He's back!!!
Why do good people get punished
I’m so happy you got it back!!!
Oh thank god! Glad to see you back Jim. Just goes to show how easy it is to be scammed.
Glad you recovered the channel! The scammer must be rolling in failure right about now
Thank goodness that your channel is back!
Wow
He’s back!!!! Thank god
Finally, He's back. Welcome back, Dad🥰
uh oh
The title scared me so much
Neve thought I would see this happen to the best of em!
bruh
Glad to see that you're back big man
Yoooo you are back
So glad your back Jim 🖤🖤
Waiting for the "I managed to reverse the connection, say goodbye to your Google accounts, hackers"
The anti scammer lord has been scammed, gods to bleed.
You got tricked? 😅
Welcome back!
Oh no, he’s mortal!
What!
Glad you got back the channel Jim.
What??? Better not be Clickbait..
Thanos:  Impossible...
Thats a shame
welcome back @JimBrowning
Welcome back!
Let's turn to God let's repent and ask for forgiveness let's study God's word and thank God for sending Jesus and all he's done Thank you God! Shepherdschapelcom Theseasonorg explains the whole Bible God bless   "I am the way, the truth and the life: no man cometh unto the Father but by me."   John 14:6   1. KNOW that all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God. Romans 3:23  2. UNDERSTAND the wages of sin is death. Romans 6:23  3. CONFESS that Jesus Christ is Lord, and believe in your heart that God raised Him from the dead. Romans 10:9  4. REPENT of your sins Luke 13:3  5. READ and STUDY God's Word to show yourself approved. 2 Timothy 2:15  6. PUT ON the whole armor of God. Ephesians 6:11  7. BEWARE of the son of perdition who is coming first disguised as Jesus to oppose and exalt himself above all that is called God, or worshipped.  2 Thessalonians 2:3,4  8. WATCH and PRAY until the true Christ returns. Luke 12:37 Remain as a chaste virgin waiting for  her true husband. 2 Corinthians 11:2
Glad you got your channel back!
Jesus Christ is the only way to heaven amen 🙏🏾 ✝️🙏🏾
Wb jim
Wait wtf
Welcome back!
Wow
Oh my god, you got it back, I'm So happy !
HES BACK!!
Glad to see you back!
Jim browning finally got karma
HE'S BACK
Love you Jim! Hope all is well!
First
Congratulations!!
Wait what?
First?
You're the best ❤️
Were always here for you.
eyyyy !! been a while !!
The king of exposing scams finally got scammed
Steady Mobbin
He’s back! Yay! Welcome back, Jim!
Nobody cares if your first
WELCOME BACK!!!!!
Glad your back
HES BACK
Wtf? Wait. U were tricked?
Cool
Welcome home!!!
Daily reminder Jesus loves you amen 🙏🏾 ✝️🙏🏾
First
Hi
Only true gamers know what happened before this video was even uploaded
What is going on here?
Hi Jim. I’ve missed you!
What
Hey first
yeah something was off
Thank goodness it’s back
Glad you got your channel back!
Bruh bruh
Thank god you are back, in my opinion you are the best scam baiting YouTuber
oh damn
Ur the best
Bruh
lol they really got you good
Welcome back
yay! happy you are back.
NO WAY
damn
Bruh
WHAT
oh no..
First
Oops
thank God you're back
Your channel is back!!
oof
hello
YEA
2nd and hello.
