Did you buy a PlayStation Portal? Or are you saving your money for something that works? 😳  I recently worked with VITURE One and designed a LENS SHADE together with them! https://www.viture.com/Wood | Grab the glasses and add the lens shade to cart first, you will get it for FREE with my code: Wood! It is super limited, so be quick! | These highest rating glasses are also offering the lowest price ever with $50 off: https://viture.us/Wood and it lasts only until Cyber Monday!
Sony never called it a 'playstation portable'... this is kinda just you not being the target audience.
Obviously bought it for content, fym
Yeah it’s soooo much better now. A month after release they had a huge update they fix everything
I bought mine recently! I love it. As I'm stuck in the hospital ive had very little issues aside from the fact it does take a while to connect to the Playstation. But other then that it does great. It does struggle with some games (for me minecraft specifically) but its otherwise pretty good for its price. Does it beat the steam deck? Kinda. I can play the same or similar games between the two but steam deck will probably stay as my portable on the go hand held.
It sucks bought one and it can't even handle the graphics of the games it says you can play   slow and laggy  still needs work ..
Useless is the only thing i have to say about it
Its useful to me a disable person who can't sit up for too long and can't just look in one direction for so long without constant moving
Can we get an updated review? There’s been a ton of improvements and is definitely worth looking into
sorry but after 0:25 is soo stup.d if you have legion go its done you dont need switch you dont need ps portal you can get what they do both on legion go with no fuss
in my area, this is more than $300 and we're in Asia
Now with cloud streaming it finally has become worthy of its price tag
I know why. For the views
I'd love to see an update video with the portal because I bought it this week and I'm not experiencing any of those issues so I wonder if they made some updates :)
How come I have 250/250 and it works flawlessly
I bought one and returned it the next day 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️like girl no
I thought the same thing when it first came out, but just got one recently and loving it! They apparently fixed most of the issues, and I haven't had the same problems as you in your videos, Even when testing with mobile hotspot. Try testing it again after updating the software
I actually just got one as a late Christmas gift. I love it so far. I mostly play on my console on the TV but it's nice if the wife wants to watch TV or play another console. My only gripe is I wish it had on board storage for downloading games.
i bought it… then returned it😂
so playstation portal and playstation 5 together are just A BETTER AND SUCCESSFULL WII U ? danng playstation really takin a jab at nintendo here
sony is very scammy imo
I prefer to buy something that works why did PlayStation went wrong is it so hard to create a portable console
I just got one for Christmas, because every YouTube video said it was good. It is not. Can’t play games on it at home or even 20 minutes away from home, it is terrible. Takes at least 10 minutes to start in some areas
Ill be real I don't know a single person with an oled tv, they are much cheaper then in the past but still at least almost double the cost of a qled panel. The only thing oled most people have seen is a phone or switch.
I had to return mine couldnt get any games to load and i have fiber 1000mb internet. Its a pos
You should see the update patch that just happened
They must have done some serious software upgrades because I got mine not that long ago and I've had zero connection issues, the only time it would stutter for me is if my playstation got unplugged from lan
This is just a more futuristic version of Sony recreating the wii U
This update doesn't help it any imo. Its still merely a streaming device, its a brick without wifi. They pick the games you play, they decide when you cant anymore. At least on the ps5 itself you can buy a game after its removed.
There’s a whole bunch of people who are STILL clueless of what a portal is meant for and did non apple to apple comparisons 😂😂😂😂😂
i was thinking about one for christmas... and this just solidified the whole not getting one thing.
redo the review  cloud stream is  here
The ROG ally extreme is a way better purchase choice than this
The PlayStation portal is so useless I’m sorry 😂
The video starts here: 2:49
Wifi is much better since the recent updates. I've had my portal for around 3wks now. I also ordered a case at the same rime. I love mine.
People looked at eachother and said "y'know what? Lets make a new PsHandheld." And know one talked about it again.   PsFanboys hit a new low for promoting this on just about every Nintendo gameplay video lol.
So after many many yrs we still going to act like devices don't get updates and this definitely ain't the last one. This products the first time they come out is always as a test . Are we willing to buy a 400 to 600 handheld ps portable. Are we willing to buy extra little disc if some have it for better connectivity for each game they already have . Sure if you going to remote play it and just play anywhere.  Well it does that already. I've used it on my Hotspot and I can enjoy it anywhere. Also how prices are now with everything and the headphones alone are 200 . In surprised is 200 for the portal . Good price. Now if that's way to much than idk everyone see things differently and value them differently. So I understand. Not liking some is okay.  Hating on it tho. Hating means you care enough to let it control your emotions.   This is a general comment.  You take it personal than that's your problem. (Also general)
have it and loving it when gf watching tv or i can play from bed HOWEVER had to do alot of trouble shooting. had to put both ps5 and portal on 5g network alone and it started working really well.
I bought one btw
I brought one and it’s going back
After 10 months.. any update with your review?
Dude, this thing is just the wii u gamepad, lmao
I bought one, used it 3 times
I wanted this to be good so badly
I bought one and it works great inside and outside of the house.
worst review ever. I play mine almost everyday at work with zero "bitcrush" and no connection issues. I did get mine last week so maybe over the past 10 months they have made improvements but i would recommend this to anyone who has down time away from home.   PS. MUST HAVE GOOD INTERNET CONNECTION AT HOME AND WHERE YOU ARE TRYING TO PLAY
Mines took a couple days to start lagging, but now it works well everywhere. I’ve played it from across the states & it even worked at the airport!!!
it didnt start with the ps vita, it started with the ps portable on the ps1, then the psp for ps3, then ps vita for ps4 then ps portal for ps5.
there have been a lot of updates to improve it.
👍🤛🦅🙏😎🇺🇸
Mine is amazing
i plan to just wait for the psp2 that is in the making
2:26 got me good 😂 when you said “hold down the power button for…a while?” I felt that. When I got mine I pressed the power button a few times and I thought I got a defected portal. I disregarded the sticker over the screen saying it’s like 10 seconds of holding down the power button. Wild!
It’s only $200. Playing games natively would’ve required a different type of tech, memory and cooling. Doing so would’ve tripled or quadrupled the price of the device like ROG Ally, Steam Deck, Lenovo Legion Go. The whole point of it is being a more affordable option to play your PS5 games. My only issue is the portal needs to support all Bluetooth headsets.
@BeatEmUps wood is just really annoying at this point. Bruh needs a sock to the face
Can someone else play the ps5 while u play the ps portable?
PlayStation portal more like Wii U
I knew this thing was dumb when they announced it. It's still dumb af today. I feel like those who make excuses for it, bought it, and are just trying to justify their $200 purchase.
E
I love not being able to play my portable console on the go! Lmao what was Sony thinking?
Unfortunately unless, I do the same on my iPad Pro
It looks cool but it’s trash
Yeah, that’s why I haven’t bought one yet and won’t until Sony removes the only streaming games option and begins to allow users to ACTUALLY USE the handheld as it’s intended 😅LoL.
I thought i could play kof xv on the portal while im on traveling. But its not really smooth i probably will sell mine if this hardware will not change my oppinion.
On the go… or on the go within 20 feet 😂😂😂
Even though I have modern consoles like xbox series x and Nintendo switch, I am literally using a Sony tv from 2008. I havent upgraded to a 4k oled or something yet, because there are hdmi ports on my 2008 tv so I didn't bother getting a new tv
This device is for special people who need different stuff. I’m not allowed to play on the tv if my little brother is on the house, only when he’s outside which isn’t a lot of time. I can only do it at night and none of my Bluetooth stuff work on my ps5 and wired is so broken for mine idk why it’s so loud and I can’t adjust it. So as someone who can’t play because of the amount of time I’m not allowed to play in the public tv, I kind of need this. And my switch is not good for fortnite 💀💀
Boy do I wish I saw this before I bought this today.  The lag makes this unplayable.  Praying I can get at least $150 back selling online
It’s a Wii U
It got updated u have sign in now and higher
Thing is trash
I bought one couple days ago, OMG Portal lagged so much .
Wii u already exist and it didnt even cost extra money to buy the tablet 💀💀💀💀💀
My question is who is this for? I dont know what market this is supposed to target. Not people without a ps5. Not people who want to play their games on the go. Who is this device for?
Well it is a much better deal than the PS Edge controller...
I could see you sad and disappointed and I kinda felt bad for you, because I also understand that feeling when you buy something that was great in your mind and that should be great because you trust in the company. Thank you for not hiding this was a piece of crap. Also, boo for Sony. That's why I left them a couple of years ago and haven't looked back.
Did you know the Nintendo switch OLED? Is the Nintendo switch pro?
I just bought one for 150 bucks, love it
You criticise the resolution of the portal yet your sponsor is 1080p…
Least useful.....well.....yeah...your comparing it to a steam deck priced at uhhh $499 + and other devices with relatable prices...
a friendly reminder that the PS Vita could do literally everything this thing could and also play it's own games, you could gamestream from a ps3 and a ps4 along with some games having support for using it like a wii u style controller, the vita also has an oled screen and bluetooth, as well as a much much longer battery life, still to this day, i cannot wrap my head around how sony managed to screw the pooch so hard on marketing the Vita, it took the steam deck for me to drop it as my main mobile gaming console, and even then i still prefer it for retro games, like gameboy and nes/snes titles.
I brought one and it happens to me too with the Wi-Fi not getting connect but that’s doesn’t happen that often but I’m just glad that I was able to get one and it was the last one left in stock too at GameStop and I got super lucky I was able to get one and I don’t regret buying it either but that’s just me though
Everybody hates the portal, but they're selling out...
Come on give it the game streaming and some ps4 games. Like 50
5mbps minimum to stream games. 15 mbps recommended. You don't need Insane internet speeds. My Mint Mobile Hotspot gets 25-30 mbps. Also get a Bluetooth Adapter to use your Bluetooth headphones...sooooo simple. What's wrong with yall. Are you all Xbox fanbois?
Didn't think Sony could make anything worse than the PlayStation TV, but here we are lol.
Give me an Experia Play 2. Take my money!!
it's the wii u gamepad for the ps5, but it's sold separately, and doesn't even work properly half the time
Give me one ns game please
New update rocks zero issues here!
Should be a stand alone console theyd make more money
Nice mullet bud!
Hey Wood have you tinkered with port settings and tried since the last update? I have good wifi and my experience has been near flawless.   I’d really like you to revisit this because this device seems so hit or miss based on network configuration but most people I’d say are really enjoying the product and works well.
Welp wii u 2
I love my portal.I have no slow ups.No, nothing.You just need to get internet on both ends
$200? I couldn't find one less than $340 for used. 370 for new. $200 is a steal
Bro, if you are thinking about getting this, play remote play on your phone watch how many Times it disconnects . There’s your answer . I have 400 up and down in my whole house and still drop connection once every 5 minutes
I like it I thought it was another psp  but The only problem is it’s not really a handheld its a Wii U by Sony
Someone out there really thinks this is better than switch... Let that sink in.
Look, I bought one this week and I’ve enjoyed it. My reason of purchase would be different too most, but I got it so I could play in my living room when my children are winding down or have fallen asleep, and also when I am on night /sleep over shift at work.   I only use wifi for my ps5, but the connection hasn’t been that bad, runs perfectly fine for offline games. I play eafc and have been able to grind squad battles, but rivals and champs was crazy laggy tbf.
Sony is garbage Xbox is 100 times better
Game changer for me as a busy Dad. Smashing the backlog now!
Sony needs to make a Sony branded VAIO "Rog Ally" or "Legion Go" that plays PlayStation exclusives titles with Windows.
You know, this guy looks and sounds like the host of TheGamer’sJoint .
Getting one so my gf can play her ps4 on the tv and me on the portal. Can finally play some online games with her!
I love this.
I bought one and mine works Flawlessly!
PlayStation Wii U basically
If they make an actual portable console with this form factor I am so there
Reboot your router/modem. Did wonders for me..
I think as a dad who can't get to use his tv, this is cool to keep in my office.
My Xbox one s can stream me games with low input delay and no bitcrushing at a distance of 2500 km, while this thing can't even hold a connection IN HOUSE?
12:40 your doggy loves it😍
In America it's $300
That’s fine if it does t work for you but for some of us that are parents and have to share our Tv with the whole house: this is a lifesaver. I’d rather play on this at home and my OLED switch out and about. Not that I can even take it out. I had the backbone and using me phone kept me from also enjoying my social networks. Idk y’all. To each their own but this was cheap for what it is. 🤷
No need to be mixed if it doesn't work then it doesn't PlayStation make a new handheld
Called it. I have been a playstation fan for a while but I'm no sony pony and i will not buy crap even if it has the playstation name on it. There was no way i was buying this.
You've been able to stream Xbox to your phone for awhile now... Then just connect your controller to the phone.  An I don't need WiFi because it's on the phone data.
Im from Australia and it works perfectly for me, I still have no had any issues at all, im loving my portal, and it has worked 100% of the time.
When the guy does not find the power button and says that instrucciones are "unclear", this is when to me he loses all credibility!
I was about to buy one but it's sold out everywhere so...do people love this or hate this!?
4 words s c a m
Are you still taking benzodiazepines for your anxiety bro?
The most coolest and the most pointless thing ever
I wish there was a system where you could play it anywhere without an internet connection AND served as a home console all in one... Maybe Nintendo could take a crack at it.
I’ve got second hand embarrassment for Sony as well as anyone else who is dumb enough to buy this “on the go” overpriced single use stream screen
It’s kind of like the way you, but you have to pay more
I absolutely love how you added the "annoying" events to the video like the audio skips, so we know exactly what you meant by that. Never thought I'd call a review immersive, but here you go haha. Really immersive review!
I can say way, cuz u just stupid… Have no other explanation for why should anyone buy this scam… 200 bucks (currently more 300) for a controller with display… For 300 I bought my WiiU at its time, this has an identical „smart“ controller with display but at least there I got the whole console with a game on top and the WiiU pad was even smarter… 11 years earlier…  For 100 or less it would be okish… still pretty useless but at least for a realistic price in comparison to a normal ps5 controller (which is overpriced as well but that’s another topic) but 200 and more just for a normal controller with display is just brainless stupid…
This is not a console. There’s no point in owning this.
It’s funny that ff16 runs super mid on a ps5 without this and with this device.
I rather play on a big OLED tv
Seems like a pointless object to me
My Ps portal was not THAT laggy, when I was at my cousins which is pretty far from my house it’s was not laggy at all, yeah, there was some spites of lag but it still worked perfectly fine.
Same
TBH this video made me have the urge to 100% spider man 2
This is essentially the same as what would've happened if Nintendo decided to sell the wii u gamepad seperately and not alongside the console.
Where did u buy it?
Returned backbone the next day I bought it also because the lag, didn't even think about buying the portal because if that reason
Just Get A Backbone 😂
200 for a glorified wiiu gamepad is crazy
Not gonna lie, those glasses are a bit too obvious and make you look like you are up to something
Its Literally the WII U 2
My ps5 hardwired to 1gig internet and I have 0 issues with the portal. No lag at all. If you use it right this thing is amazing.
I wanted something to kill time on college campus and was deciding between this or the backbone, does anyone have recommendations? I don’t know much about how remote play works so I’m assuming both are portable😅.
PlayStation Now is not a thing anymore.... Why do you keeping referring to it lol... Its all under PlayStation plus subscription lol. Come on wood what are we doing lol
It's my first time on your channel... and must say I LOL with your confusion regarding the power button.  Priceless. 😂
Why couldn't Sony have spent the time and money making a PS Vita 2? Handheld devices seems to be making a comeback.
Poopy
Why the f**k did you start talking with an American accent???
Moneygrabbbbbbbbbb
13:08 Doesn't matter if you have fibre or not...So many people thinking wifi=internet speed. It's the strength of your home network that counts. IE: Router quality, 5ghz band, channel congestion, ps5 being hard wired. If all those are in perfect condition, the device works flawlessly. The issue is most users won't bother to trouble shoot their home networks (or not understanding what wifi stands for) and they will hook it up to 5ghz on PS5, 5ghz on Portal. All through their ISP router and they will have an expectedly terrible experience. For the power users though, this thing is a godsend, though it should have shipped with WIFI 6.
I don’t know if people play super choppy like this all the time then it explains the good reviews. I’m hard wired and get the same gameplay as in the video
This review is ridiculous. The speakers are amazing and ithas very little lag for me personally.
@beatemups Update from my previous comment trashing the Portal. Bare with me here. I just watched a video on C Kid's channel and some hacks that are working for heaps of Portal users for much improved connection / lagging / drop out issues and more. Read on below.....  First have your console hardwired via ethernet (yeah thats a no brainer I here some saying) but here is where it gets interesting. Remove or disconnect your HDMi cable from the console (what does this have to do with lagg / connection issues I hear some say?) Something got to do with 4K signal processing to your 4K TV and the speeds (yes EVEN when the TV is off or in standby mode!) Another I am hearing is in PS console settings change to 1080p and switch off HDR content which also apparently helps. I am just getting started, continue below for Bluetooth audio hacks.....  Connect a third party BT dongle to the consoles USB outlet then pair a set of BT earbuds / headphones as you would to the console then turn volume to NIL on the portal and hey presto! So long as you are within range of the console you'll have audio via the console as apparently it works. What if you want to use it away from home you say? Some genius mentions the good old BT adaptor into the Portals 3.5mm line jack then pair your prefered headphones that way (although there will be some lag) I bet Genki are already onto these issues for a solution just as they have done with the switch in the past which Sony wont like as they want exclusively to sell their Pulse Elite / Explore series BT gear.   Another handy wifi connection tip is to change from 5ghz to 2.4ghz in your consoles settings as the lower signal reaches longer distances if your planning on using the Portal well away from the console in the house (EG basement where console is stationed to 3'rd level master bedroom or guest house $hitter / Thunderbox (Toilet in Aussie Slang)     Anyway I hope these tips help, worth a shot I say!
The review i needed first. I have one and its crap mostly unplayable
Looks like a total dud mate, Yarra az! Maybe as brown and dirty as the big brown snake (Brisbane River) think I'll return my new PS5 Slim to JB tomorrow as I had plans to hook up a Portal when chilling in my doona this winter. I think I'd be better off going a switch OLED instead. Sony dropped the ball on this big time!
Yes thank you for making my mind up for me you and Wolff den I’m super glad I didn’t buy it
Vita 2 was the real move, Sony messed up.
its 100 dollars more than the backbone get over it
if you change the graphc Swttings on the PS5 it HLEPS SOOO MUCH! @BeatEmUps
jon bovi
Yeah those glasses are so cool I really want to test them out it sounds so futuristic just plugging them into your device and having a 120 inch hd screen right in front of your eyes, forget about the portal I would say those glasses are the future! 😁
I got one today! I love it! As a dad of 3 kids this is a dream!!!!
Do you think the PlayStation portable will connect to an OnStar Wi-Fi connection with no login require
I'm getting one
Apparently a lot of people are having problems using ps portal on a different router as to the one the ps5 is connected too.
I’m thinking about getting the asus ROG Alley
This accessory has been hammered by almost everyone since day one and people buy it like crazy…. This is how thirsty the world is for a proper PSP… they should go all in with a PSP Pro and give people what they want.
Works perfect in and around the house basicly when the portal is connected to the same netwirk as the ps5 ...however when both are on another network  cant connect so without a vpn setup no go on vacation
I did the same with my Vita and my PS4 ten years ago.
Sony is really getting out of control like 20 grand for all this bullshit  proprietary junk
I would never ever buy that.. its not gonna work w-out the ps5.. and see when you went outdoors in a cafe? the connection is very obvious not very good with public wifi.. huge Pass and No for me.
Because ur a content creator?
Is your hotspot 4g or 5G. Most hotspots are 4g even if your phone plane has 5G
I spent $200 on portal just cuz everyone else was lol
So if you don’t have a ps5 you can’t play the portable?
So the problem with the playstation portal is that you have to have really good wifi
Great video, thank you for explaining to everyone why this PS portal is a much better option like backbone one - cheap plastic gamepad!🙏👍👏
Thanks I’m not buying one anymore
BACKBONE FTW!
I HAD TO GIVE YOU A LIKE FOR APPLYING THE QUALITY SETTINGS ON A YT VID WITHIN A YT VID! BRAVO!
We need to sue sony for a fire hazard
It’s hilarious when ppl buy this thinking it’s like the psp, without knowing u still need the $500 console 🤣🤣🤣
because you can play better games from a caouch than the switch ever dream of.
I think the screenlag and bitcrush you're getting is because of your display settings on your PS5. Mine looked very grainy until i set the ps5 to 60hz and 1080p. Now it's sharp and not lagging either. The connectivity issues with hotspot also went away.
I am very disappointed with the portal
It's to expensif  i mean ps5 + the portal
Used it twice since It came out
Love my portal.  It's worth the money.
You can play remote play your tablet or phone and connect ps controllers. Depending on ios for ps4 or ps5 controllers. But yeah, the remote on phone can stream orrrrr full on link linksto the Playstation and boom. Amazing gameplay on the ACTUAL go! Lmaoooo 😅😅😅 with my Fold 5 I have the ps5 controller and it runs no lag for meeee.
didnt nintendo own the rights to detachable controllers? how can lenovo do it? did they partner???
Seems pointless unless you’re super rich and have money burn
If this was an actual handheld they'd sell millions
I’m surprised they even put it to market with issues like that, even within your own home.   For the money just go and buy a Switch Lite lol. Seriously. Nintendo don’t even have to compete in the handheld market because Sony will always seem to kneecap any portable project themselves.
What will happen if we have a blackout we can’t play it
*_this comment for the ppl who think to buy the PS portal_*  i have the PS portal and if you want to play fast games like code then DO NOT buy it! it's not for games like this also i have really fast internet but sometimes it disconnects me for some reason, my friend has the same issue
So outta curiosity do the glasses work with  the portal???
That’s why I got the backbone instead the portal on the other hand is not the psp we thought it was going to be
Congratulations Sony, you made the Wii U except worse.
I can only imagine its inevitable failure is part of some sort of tax dodge.
Fun fact. All of these handhelds copying the Switch. They will all die out once the Switch 2 hits.
PlayStation Portal aka Wii U remastered
Im going to buy a nintendo switch oled instead and I already have a playstation 5
life for the ad read
It's cheap and can play your ps5 games on a hand held I want one
Has been a life changer for me. No lag at any point. And as a dad I can't always play TV. I've never had the lag this guy has. So much for your best wood lol
The Wii U was so ahead of its time.
What happens if you get stick drift ...😢
I recently bought the XReal air2 and love them, the only issue I have is I can’t figure out how to switch it on 😂 and change the nose pads. I had the same issue with the backbone I used it for remote play but as soon as I saw the grainy gray screen I gave up on it. Hopefully in the not to near future my wired connection should produce better results.
Sounds like your internet sucks
Sounds like Sony made a genuine POS device!  Thanks!
Massive fail. Seemed awesome until you got more information
the original pop and then the psv I really thought we were going places BUT wow...they might've released this before they were ready
Thank you for the honest review.
I'll buy two from Sony if they ever release a proper handheld with cartridges
They went LCD because they know a bunch of people are going to buy this version and then in a couple years they’ll come out with the second version with the OLED and make people drop more coin.  These companies know how to get our money, so I’m gonna wait for that next version.  I already waited this long for a PS5 slim, so I can wait a little longer for the portable😎
Vita deserved better. That’s all. A real successor is deserved
It just looks really silly
One feature I wish this had is that instead of playing a game in splitscreen (like borderlands) it would allow for one player's image to be shown on tv and the other player's image on the portal. That way the portal is turned into a second controller and a second screen, doing away with the obnoxious horizontal split screen (since putting it vertical has some serious framerate issues). You think Sony coukd implement this as an update? But I guess a feature like that would have been needed to be implemented in the games already as well.
I don’t have any TV at home. If I buy a new ps5, can i pair it with the portable directly? Or I still need a TV for the initial pairing?
sooo playstaition made a wii u.......
Already got the bone
Can't help but notice most of your content is just negative reviews on electronic hardware lol
I do XBOX Remote Play with my ZFold 5. I bought an XBOX controller that puts the phone in between and it works decently well on 5G and well enough on Wifi. The Backbone works well with it and all my mobile games. PS Remote Play doesnt work unless I have WIFI.
$200 actually pretty cheap for being sony considering their regular controller is $70 and the "new" dualsense edge (basically an official pro controller) is also $200.... Which is why I'm so happy i managed to fix my stick drift without purchasing a new one 😂
I can't believe people are paying upwards of $500 for this thing on eBay
it's very disappointing and I think it'll be discontinued soon like the Vita was discontinued only 4 years after it was released.
It looks like the game pad marketing looool I wonder if people have notice
It's Just E-waste like the PlayStation 5
11:13
0:47
Thing is pointless
Why no Playstation NOW that is crrazy
Thank you for doing an honest review so maybe YouTubers are shilling for Sony and acting like there is no issues.
The Playstation Portal is basically a WiiU Gamepad.
We've all been there. Already having done Wordle is the worst.
Waste of money
I legitimately thought my Youtube was acting up..... I love your content sir!
This was such a dumb idea.
Another Playstation cash grab. I can literally plays Xcloud on my phone in airplanes.... at least 70 percent of the games not action packed ones bc laggy n crappy planes wifi but it just shows how better xbox streaming is...
I'm an adult I make adult money
This feels like a big mistake to have released, I would have waited until it was a completely finished product
I have one from day one. My ps5 console is directly connected to my fiber internet 1g. But I take my ps5 portal and connect it to my job wife and works perfectly.  I'm about 40 miles away haven't had any issues.  I'm playing right now while my daughter has football practice  😆. . Maybe you just got a bad one..
is it like a wii u?
Good god that thing is a piece of trash, Sony should’ve got into cloud gaming when Microsoft did, there’s too big of a gap now.
I find it funny that Nintendo made this exact same thing with the WiiU in 2011, and Sony looked at that and went "oh that thing failed, and people didn't like it, so let's make our own". At least with the WiiU, it included a new console, and it didn't require the damn internet to function. Only downside to the WiiU is that you couldn't take the games around with you like the Switch, but when the PS Portal can't function outside of high speed internet, it's basically like not being able to play it portably at all, anyway. This seems like an utter waste of $200...
Why don’t they just make an iPad size look a like big enough to actually insert disc. People would eat that up
Good to see an honest review.. I got this and watching other YouTubers i was getting frustrated thinking was I the only one that was having issues. It’s not Made to work outside your home
Great video. You're too nice. It ran horribly most of the time for you. My PSplay app and razer kishi combo ran better on my own hotspot than what you tested at that Starbucks. And my ps5 is on wifi. That's crazy awful for a 200$ device.
I think it is for daddies who couldn’t play with the big screen at home 😂
Gives wiiu
Junk
What disappoints me the most is that its not a handheld device
Tbf I can understand if you have a big home and your PS5 is an a whole other section that it’s functionality would make sense but outside of that I don’t see the point of it.  But at least it’s hope that Sony may one day go back to making a stand alone portable system.
I wish Playstation can make portable gaming like PS VITA , the streaming game i don't think is good idea to be honest
Can we all agree that the PSP is the best PS handheld.
This is great. I understand what this is meant to be and I'm not gonna follow the mindless drones into crying about it not being the next psp vita.. this is an accessory to the ps5 that's all. At no point was it ever promoted to be a psp.. think of headsets, alternate remotes, add on storage drives, you know uhh duhhh stuff like that lol.. damn I can't believe the idiocracy of these people... 😂  With saying that I love it and I can sit in my yard and enjoy my ps5 ..
Definitely ensure you have a good network I mean I've seen it be either or. You either have a good set up situation or you need to relook at your network and it's capabilities lol
So I naturally found the power button on mine instantly 😂
It comes with Free  games ? I can play offline?anyone knows
The weird thing is is that if Sony wanted to be a d, they could take away the ps stream app and make it to a portal is the only way to stream ps
It's what everyone thought the Wii U was, but a $200 add on
"It's a PS5 controller split in half with a screen in the middle, what's not to like?"  Exactly that. "I would have thought it'd be $300" Insanity. "It better be good at streaming, otherwise, what are we doing here?" I have news for you buddy.
I think $200 is a bit of a stretch.. there’s no way people would’ve paid $300 for this; you’re essentially just paying for a screen with the convenience of having a controller connected. I’ve been looking forward to this device since it was rumored but once they said streaming only, I checked out. ATP, just use a tablet that most of us already own, and a ps5 controller.
8 inch 1080p screen is last generation technology. In that sense, the so-called Portal that could not even utilise a browser to confirm a hotspot terms and conditions...This $200 is actually far too expensive.
Sony always making DOA product 🤦‍♂️
You just save me 200$
I so wish they had put more time into making something like a PSP. This is beyond impractical imo
Buy this so someone else can watch tv... So why not buy another tv? It will be better that way 😂
So I just bought one of these for my son's Xmas, have I just wasted £200.00.????
The thump sticks are the same ones they use for PSVR2 and I think Nintendo will use the same screen for their next console switch 2
Mine works well anywhere in my home, which is all I was looking for as a new dad with a baby and limited time to sit down at the TV and game. Recommend it for anyone out there looking for a Dad Station
I was about to buy from a reseller but decided to try streaming to my Ipad first..experience sucks
It would have been amazing if they gave us a portable ps4 that could also stream your ps5. A man can dream
Remote Play = Playstation Bone = Playstation Portal
The PlayStation app is even better then that garbage lol
how can it be a good price to pay 200$ for something that only works 50% of the time, is limited in functionality and less capable than an any smartphone. It doesnt even allow ps now...
I haven’t seen anyone talk about game sharing with one of these.  I have a PS4 as my primary console, and the PS5 as the secondary.  I want to make sure that streaming is locked to the primary console only.  The reason I say this is because Remote Play on my iPad is odd in that in order to work DS4 Bluetooth pairs directly to the primary console instead of my iPad, and I had to set up a third account.
Wow what a pice of crap. I knew it is bad, but this is even worse. It should be for free as a bonus when you order PS5. This would be the only way where I could accept this device. Remote Play, iPad, bye. This junk is not worth a penny
Welll! Thanks for an honest review, now i will not buy one i wanted it exclusively to play at work with my phones hotspot but yea ima save my 200 bucks
i have a question, yes we all know the online games and shi where u do need a connection, but for story mode games or js games that dont need a connection, do those games work fine outside of home ? they should right ?
Finally an honest review!!
$200 for a "portable" device that you cant even fully use once you are 10 feet away from the console is wild...gaming is going down the toliet...they could have just given us a new Vita/PSP instead of this garbage
Most TVs are OLED by now you say? There's a reason why Microsoft always partners with QLED :) Well since 2013.
My store never got them
"most of them are oled" Dude really thinks most people are out here paying 3k+ on a 4k oled TV.
Waste of money
This is why Sony SHOULDVE just designed the Portal and left the software to just an overlay of the android tablet. A lot of complaints against the DEVICE are about bad life with streaming, which isn’t the devices fault .
Unfortunately this is not the move for a portable system. They need to just revamp the Psvita. Somehow make it work. I’m no computer geek I’m just a casual gamer but there are amazing portable PCs out like the steam deck and all the other systems. Why can’t Sony do their take on that? Whatevs I’ll just buy the Stem Deck OLED yolo.
Dang that’s a piece of crap.. I knew I wasn’t gonna get it
Google Stadia anyone ? I don’t get why companies don’t learn.
$200 paper weight. My android streams better than that
It's cool and all that,  but it's Fking useless
I'll give this a miss  just got my lad a  nintendo switch oled,  cfor a Xmas gift I picked up the vr2 yesterday 550 with horizon and got gran turismo 7 for 30 great deal on that ,  so all spent up for a few weeks back to work we go haha but deffo glad I never choose this over the switch
Don't end the podcast
This thing looks useless.
Bad product. They should have targeted steam deck and switch with some lower fidelity graphics to play and continue games on the go.
I had a feeling…
Useless
Wii U for the Ps5
I used a vita to stream my ps4 games at a friend's house. Plus jailbreaking it made it a fantastic device
Intuition???doko?
It sucks
That means if u dont have a ps5 and wanna play this u gotta spend 700$
I bought the BackBone for $100 and it works perfectly. Plus I can use it for PS5 and PC/Steam AND Xbox.
Power downgrade why Sony why ?
does ps vr 2 work with this
.... because you wanted it snd your job makes it a tax write off
i’m saving for a switch lite dude i’m not buying that
降级云游戏😅
Maybe worth $50 not $200
Me still waiting for psp/ps Vita...
Not for me
Sony doesn't do anything new with the body of the vita just make it to have better software. But they refuse to bring it back.
5:21 Yeah... its 'only' $200 because there is pretty much nothing TO the Portal.. It has no hardware as such; it's basically the two outer edges of a duel-sense attached ro a mere 1080 screen, it doesn't even have Internet connectivity or it's own blutooth.. I'd say this is OVER priced for what you get, or more to the point, don't get.
Home is where you Duke the hardest 🥹
$200 is not a good price why would you say that, it’s garbage 13:40
Thank you so much for the review I was so close to buying one today but figured I’d see if you had a review and you did!!! After seeing this video I’ve decided to pass until they work some of the kinks out and maybe release an OLED version. Thanks again man I love your content
I am returning mine because of the latency and lag, it's really not worth it! Will buy a PlayStation portable device when they are bothered enough to make a native play one!
Im buying
It’s not really portable if you have to carry your ps5 everywhere you go… basically a fancy remote with a built in screen.
I love Playstation but this new product sucks. Not gonna buy it. Thank you so much Wood for saving me $200✌️
Thank you for exposing the TRASH
I love this thing. No issues for me. You gotta have the right Wi-Fi setup for it to work. And I’m not alone. MVG and Nate the Hate also sing its praises. 🤘💯
The fact it’s not oled is nuts it’s not a gaming device it doesn’t need strong hardware what did the $200 dollars go too if not the screen 💀
WiFi 6 is a huge difference in latency and stability compared to WiFi 5.  Just a big L for the portal 😂
No way man said everyone has oled now ☠️
I thought, you can stream your ps games on your phone?
Imo regardless of the lag if it worked flawlessly it still wouldn’t be worth it. There’s TONS of devices to stream games. Idk when companies will realize Nintendo has done it right for YEARS. Dedicated handheld with its own exclusives and some ports from its corresponding console. Not that hard just Sony didn’t want to support the PSP or Vita and they were solid handhelds.
Wait so you need the PS App to even use the Portal? What if you don't have a smart phone because you prefer a cheap handset? (a rare case but I'm sure it happens) Also if you need both a smart phone and a PS5 to use the Portal then you literally already have the means to remote play since you'd already have a controller a phone and a PS5.  This has to be the most redundant device ever made.
Sony would have made an absolute KILLING if they just made a straight up hand held gaming device where you could either download games, buy physical games, or transfer your purchased games if you already have a PS5.   IF the device didn’t require internet and streaming directly from the PS5 I think it would have been incredibly successful for Sony. they could have charged like $250-$350 and people would have eaten that up!   I was so excited when they announced a handheld Sony device that plays PS5 games. But the moment I saw it was a $200 device that does thee exact same thing if you have any sort of smart phone or tablet with an App Store and you don’t even need a controller though I’d recommend one.   But seriously who is this device for? Thee only way for it to work properly is to sit right there near to the PS5…where you pretty much should just play the PS5 on a TV and cut out having to deal with subpar audio, lag, and “bit crush”/buggin the heck out.😊
just a Sony Wii U
They should've introduced new PSP instead
so a WII U for the PS5?
its a thing, yeah
I love playing Baldur's Gate 3 in bed with this 😊
i have a ps4 pro set to just 1080p for all games, and be it outside of my house or inside connecting to the ps4 pro its flawless. using both the official app and the psplay app  i think a lot of the issue is it trying to send a 4k signal to the device even though it isnt capable of displaying it, same deal with my ps5
The best remote play device with a house arrest.
they really sell a device for the remote play app.   I would prefer a switch lite instead
Ps portal vs switch oled vs steamdeck  oled
10:19 Did anyone notice this black screen?
You need to try the last of us part 2 on it
It's useless to me
That thing is trash
its just a prototype the second one is going to be golden 🎉
It’s literally a scam. You can get the same thing for half the price and probably a better experience from a product they already released. Xbox you can do it on practically everything. Literally a scam. You can even jailbreak your vita and play on ps5 streaming.
My biggest problem with this is I guarantee there will be SO many kids or parent's that have purchased one of these for Christmas thinking it's something it's not - that's not inherently on Sony. But it's really difficult to see what the purpose of this product is outside of the niche use case of playing your PS in another room. Which is fine, but that's a limited number of people surely
But does it work when you are playing through disc because on remote play on your phone you can’t play the games that are on disc it is sad I tried
Why is anyone not talking about that u can just use ps remote play and use a ps controller Connected to the device
This whole thing is pointless if you can’t even take it out and play it on the go.
PS Port-L
To make a video. Cash, bruh
Just to say thank you, I'm glad I've seen your review of this product, and I'm happy to have waited. Now, I will not be buying one as it currently is. Maybe they will update it later on and sort the issues. Then I may look at it again. But for now, it's a no.
You mind as well use the box it came in as a carrying case 🤷🏻‍♂️
Even tho this thing is a giant POS......it will sell and review very well cuz its a PS product. I dont understand how so many people are brainwashed by this company.
I haven't used my ps5 by itself since i got one lol i have had zero issue playing mine anywhere that there is good wifi
Big Like for the doggo. 😍👍
Wtf. How come the performance depends on the game. 😅
"We all have 4k tvs at this point". The disconnect between tech youtubers and average people is hilarious lol.
200 for a controller and a tablet with a single use is a great price? you must be joking right? 😅
Man I'm sorry but this is a massive step back from the Vita. I know Sonys capable of better design then this.
Hahahaha loved your turn on segment.
So hold up its not portable 😢
You know that mobile device thingy you were making fun of? I bought that instead so I can play my apple arcade games and maybe some COD mobile on my iphone instead. My internet is too garbage to possibly stream any sort of gameplay. 😅
Yes. I have the same problems with my ps portal. I have gigabit internet and still have connectivity issues. Plus. It won't allow you to watch videos from the playstation. Doesn't make sense.
It would be better if it was a stand alone device but I just don’t see the need of this device at all
how good is your internet connection it all depends on how good your internet connection is that it also reflects how good an experience you have with a playstation portal so yes it is as if your phone and your backbone is a better deal than the device from Sony PlayStation and it is 100$ cheaper than your PlayStation portal but then it is up to you whether you think it is worth it you want to buy buy it or not so I can hear you don't think it is worth it but your neighbor maybe or your niece or nephew if you have someone or others in your family with a childish soul so it's completely individual what you think of this PlayStation Sony and yes now I can't quite remember what the headphones are also called or called but it is also an individual choice that you want to buy them, take the key, come to everything, then it is just an individual choice, you have to decide whether you want to buy it or not😊
Understand your sense of puzzlement.I clicked on your click baity channel and I'm not sure why either.  Won'take that mistake again
have been wanting to get this one but it's not out in Singapore. I really only want to play simple games like Inscryption or classics like FF9 on this thing so I am hoping it worked. >< but first, how am I gonna get it if you are not releasing it in Asia. ZZZzzz
Thank you for this review. Saved me $200.
It would be alot better if it had some internal power and let you download less demanding games from the ps store. Also streaming services and Bluetooth
How can you watch youtube on it or any other streaming platform, it doesn't make sense streaming a streaming video XD XD that's why it doesn't work I guess. That device is just an expensive portal streaming for gaming that you cant even take outside. Worst thing is I think streaming to your phone works even better outside the only downside being the resolution is technically the same, HD that you can only play next to the ps5 anyways, totally useless.
I love any chance someone gets to point out just how far ahead of it’s time the Vita was & even more so the PSP.
Sony basically copied the WiU
Waste of money
sounds like this portable is trash.
😂 this is just dumb
If it was portable. Id get one. Id rather get a psvita before ever getting this. I need a vita
I love how you called it the PlayStation « portable » in the first 20 seconds of video. It reminds me of the podcast 😂 Bob must be so proud of you 😅
If I found this used at a game stop for 50 bucks. I still probably wouldn't get it... and I'm a Sony fanboy... I have a psvr2
This thing sucks I spent more time watching the lost signal screen than I've played I've only played a third of the time I've had it since the 16th thing thing is a waisted of money don't buy it it's only gonna pass you off
Cool psp can I have one pls
We just need new psp that's it
idk saying $200 for this piece of junk being a good price is still excessive to me, especially when you can buy PSPlay for $5 and play with any controller on your tablet or phone, while having a better connection than Sony's own Remote Play app; the portal is really hard to justify and wouldn't even consider buying it for anything more than $150 for its capability.
They lost me at not being able to stream games overall with PS Premium. It had so much potential.   I have the luxury of having my own gaming space at home. So I won’t be buying.
Why do people always forget the OG PSP lol. The UMD cartridges, and memories of playing SOCOM online handheld 😂
Think it’s “only 200” cause you NEED the ps5
Anyone who is going to buy this device don’t because you can download the app on your phone and play all your PlayStation games right on your phone or tablet making this device useless
Needs a sim card slot for 5G etc
LCD screen, no way to transport, works only with strong WiFi and no Bluetooth Literally zero advantages
Because you must buy new thing. Then wait for next new thing. Repeat.
Can you use it as a secondary controller?
I’d never rely on wifi or nonnative gaming. I’d prefer consistent performance as the game should be played
So this is pretty much the same exact terrible ps remote play experience as on any other device so it can't even do the one thing it's supposed to be good at, just when I thought this device couldn't get any worse.   Better to pay a bit more and get a Steam deck or buy a valve certified refurbished version for similar price and stream PS games on that instead while also getting a lot more out of it.
8:35 brilliant editing right here man🫡
I have a Mac book air and just use remote play.. so much cheaper and easier 😂
Bought one
Still don’t understand why they just don’t bring back the vita series. This just feels like a cashgrab.
How can Sony release such a useless product! As soon as I heard there's no Bluetooth, and it's dependent upon a good WiFi connection, I was out.
Eewwww it only display 60fps?
Flop
Waste of money
Biggest pile of garbage
Streaming from a ps5 to a ps4 is really good. I expect the portal to do fine too.
While I love my switch, I’m going to buy the the 512gb OLED steam deck.  Your friend wolf den released an awesome video on them.  I’m not buying this Sony product.  It’s for people with extra money.
You spent $216 and some change on the PlayStation portal because you’re a youtuber.. and wanted to make some videos and get views on it..
this garbage already has a stick drift
Its cool if we can hack it so it can be use with steam
I have had no issues with mine. It has worked pretty great in my house away from my system. I live in PA and i had it in VA with me and had no issues playing my system through the Air bnb WIFI. I have my ps5 hardwired to my home internet and have not had any issues. I do believe there are some updates they could do to make it even better. Right now you can not use any public internet that need authentication unfortunately. It definitely needs a web browser and you should be able to at very least watch your apps from your ps5. If you are having issues in your home you ether have not so good internet or you have a ton of things connected to your internet at once running at once. Plus there is no perfect streaming of video games lol.
Its so you could make a video about it. That's why you bought a PlayStation Portal.
So I shouldn't waste my money it sounds like
I bought the Abxylute and didn't even give the Portal a chance. It's useless and laggy from everything I've seen. Best set ups and everything.
So, essentially, you're paying for a controller with a screen that works at least 50% of the time and only when you have it connected directly to your PS5? This is literally a worse version of the Vita. I see absolutely no need for this, honestly. You could buy at least three controllers for the PS5. This ain't worth it, in my opinion.
PSP is nothing more than a cashgrab.  Nothing about it is innovative, Wii:U had this capability since years ago.  Yet, enough ppl still buy it today for godknows why.  Honestly, why the heck would you want to play it on a small tablet screen when the PS5 is meant to be enjoyed on a big TV screen?....    Sony should have put more efforts into extending the life of PS Vita.....it was a fantastic handheld back then and still is by today's standard, yet they completely ditched it, sad.
You say you have good Internet, but I have fiber optic and it has been running about a smooth as it’s gonna run. Haven’t had 95% of the problems you’ve been describing with my PlayStation portal might want to check out your PS five to be honest.
One of the handhelds of 2023!
If the only way to play it is sat at home in front of your PS5 what’s the point? I have played remotely using backbone and the delay and lag is not great. Was hoping portal would do something different
Wait so I'm confused  if you turn on your playstation portal your playstation turns on to
Man I was so excited to be able to set on the couch and play genshin while sitting with the wife in the family room .price point is awesome the idea is awesome it's just poorly executed. Guess I'll stick with the switch and wait a few years lol
No one in Australia sounds like this btw
I don't have the portal myself and i scrolled through a bunch of comments to see if it was already suggested but from what I heard the portal can default to connect to the 2.4Ghz wifi-band instead of the 5ghz one. In some cases people had to disable the 2.4 setting in the router to force it on the 5ghz. Something worth checking just in case?
Playstation U
The screen specs you said will also be on the new Nintendo switch. 8" 1080p 60 FPS LCD screen.
I guess I've been lucky? Took it to my moms and it was just like my ps5 was in the next room. Never lost connection. You don't notice the slight delay once playing a few seconds. 🤷‍♂
200 is a very affordable price for a freaking screen and a controller and without bluetooth????????!!!!!!!! r u serious
$69.99 for a regular PS5 controller, $200.00 for the Duel Sense Edge.  Why are we complaining about $200 for a decent remote play experience with a controller and screen as one (assuming you have good wifi and ISP)?  The screen is perfectly sized for gaming and is actually very good! It also has the perfect aspect ratio, so no black bars. Being able to take both the screen and controller with you is a huge pro.  Not having Oled is probably a good thing as well, as many games have static images that can contribute to burn in.  This device isnt for everyone, but for me, as a parent, using the Portal is the most ive touched my PS5 in 2 years.
Looks like Sony had developers from Temu coming in to create this. What a piece of junk for that amount of money
I have it, no problems, no delay, no buffering issues as i’ve got Gig1 internet. Used it out in public in Starbucks no issues.
Yeah… no, this si LITERALLY for Dads who’s kids won’t let them use the TV… good for them I guess
I wonder if a usbc to ethernet adapter would fix the issue?! It would be an interesting test. Cheers!
2:30 10 IQ moment
useless device
I was thinking about getting this… but do you think the Backbone at $70 for Black Friday is better?
If you can't replace the thumb sticks its garbage. My ps5 original controller was broken in a month.
Overall a pretty comfortable product that works well from the majority of views. Newer iterations should help iron out current problems.
It is... What it is. I think it is only useful for freeing up the TV but if you have a lot of money you can have multiple ps5 in different TVs
Can we do a comparison of PS remote play app on a phone or ipad? I feel like this device is an overly expensive version of something we already have.
Sony just wants to be in the lotto! lol with handheld gaming streaming and VR .....just in case it goes big !
If this is a portable race to find the winner ...... The STEAM DECK IS LEADING THE PACK. To note I love my Nintendo switch but, I am finding besides the exclusive games by Nintendo I can play most on steam. Great for all the classics and Mario games and a few gems like Zelda. ( If they had a  online service where I could purchase a game and have access to it on any available system this would be the future of gaming. The new Fate Samurai game for switch came out, but guess what? its available on the steam deck. Does not make sense to purchase game twice. GREAT CHANNEL l and Honest:)
Was gonna buy one of these for my kids for Christmas but after a bit of research I got them a steam deck OLED instead.
The amount of disappointment I have for this glorified controller is unsurmountable. I was actually really excited for this cause I thought we were gonna get the next PSP/PSVita, but nah. Just absolute garbage
He goes crazy over some goofy glasses, but then tries to tell you that it’s not worth buying this. I own it and it’s awesome
As a prolific backbone + android (pixel 7 pro) remote player, this seems like an incredible waste of money. For reference, I was able to get my PS5 (WiFi connected) to stream near flawless spiderman 2 among others when I was thousands of miles away. I wonder what the connectivity specs are. It's also ridiculous there isn't a Bluetooth audio option. The backbone is great IMO, would high rec for anyone to try.
now ima wait till they fix the issues
I think when PS5 servers shut this will just be a glorified paperweight.
I just found my ps vita slim too this whole video made me wanna play it nonstop today goodbye steam deck and switch (just for abit anyway)
If I could download my games and pick up progress I’d buy it.
Free palestine
You cant even use it as a second screen on the ps4 what a shame.  Just use your steam deck. 😂   The only thing portal is good for is to show off infront of your poor  Cousin on Thanksgiving
I can’t wait to buy this for the price of a ps5 controller
Sony needs to eat some humble pie again they need another ps3 era to show them these anti consumer choices wont be tolerated
Who else thought their WiFi was acting up when he emulated the video quality drop? 😂 it caught me off guard until he opened the settings and changed it back
maybe if you can jailbreak it and stick emulators on it! but I got a switch for the bedroom!
Not going to lie. your findings are exactly what I expected from this thing. A lot of potential and not much delivery 😢
Im so upset by this because i just started a new overnight job, and i would have loved picking this up to pair up with my PS5 at home while on my break, but theres no way that this could be useful for that since you need to be on the same wifi network. Something like a Playstation-themed Steam Deck, an all-in-one handheld that could sync up to your PS5's game saves and downloads would have been so sick, even if they made it slightly less powerful, i would have taken the concessions to have a ps5 on the go
these Nintendo youtubers should stick to doing just Nintendo stuff 😒
The moment it gets rooted with emus on it.. everyone will get one 😮
❤ mine. Play diablo at work. Just depend on the area with good service.   The box is my case lol
😐 thanks for sparing my wallet.
I loved my psp
Awesome Review. Everything I was thinking it was going to be.
They need a new psp
I dub the playstation not quite portable the playstation u  Or as it shall be known the PEE U
😂 more horible than switch
Sound like u need better WiFi
"wi-fi streaming is terrible" is murican internet still that crappy even in 2023? I'm streaming my pc games too steam deck via wifi6 with almost zero lag (which is only noticeable if you try to play rhythm games). I even streamed it using mobile hotspot without much problems
isn't this just a crap vita? I mean vita had remote play and its own games. This has ummm remote and thats all? I mean people do know that cellphones can do some of this stuff lol. I do agree on his points. Yes if you only have 1 Tv and 2 people one could play games one could watch tv Or if your Ps5 was upstairs instead of downstairs. But besides that it seems like a reach. Thank you for being honest and telling us how even with the best internet it still is sluggish at this time. Might save people from buying this when its just not ready.
glorified wiiU
To be honest when it was revealed, I thought it was a fake PS 5 portable off Temu
To be honest when it was revealed, I thought it was a fake PS 5 portable off Temu
PORTAL WOOD! PORTAAAAAL! NOT PORTABLE LOL naming it wrong since that nontendo podcast episode 😂, hard pass on the actual thing though
Really don't see the point in this thing!? Should have just made a new handheld console 🤷‍♂️
Is your internet trash? Lmao I’ve been playing since launch at home and at work. It’s almost 1:1 the same experience I would get playing on the tv.
This could be much better if:  1st: A PS5 wasn't necessary, I'm not even talking about running games natively but it would be amazing if you could simply have a Playstation Plus Premium subscription and play via cloud streaming, like you would on a PC.  2nd: If it were possible to connect it to a PS4 or heck... maybe even a PS3 (the more compatibility the better), if a simple smartphone can then why not?, as it only connects to the PS5 this ends up making it very limited.  I don't see how this can be a success, it's super limited and restricted for a device that costs $200.
Basically you would be way better off just buying yourself a separate TV just to use your console on, over buying this. And with Black Friday sales currently on offer you can even get a mid sized (43in) 4K TV for under $199USD, and that won't give you all the jankiness of streaming your games and it'll allow you to watch your shows/movies/youtube vids/twitch streams/etc. This "portable" will definitely be a flop, I wonder how long it'll be before it gets pulled from the market... or hopefully it gets overhauled/updated and becomes a compelling piece of tech.
I played 3 hours of kingdom hearts 2 In bad, no lag no latency, ended up finishing the game on critical and getting my platinum trophy. Played another 30 minutes of Diablo 4 drinking my coffee on the couch, loving the product. Guess it’s just up to if you’re gonna use it and have a good internet connection
This is the most honest review for the PS Portal... Thanks Wood @BeatEmUps...
$200 is cheap to you? For this? Lmao you lost all credibility.
Best review I’ve seen of the portal so far.
i travel alot for work, but IT CANT CONNECT TO THE HOTEL WIFI because it cant get passed the verification step.. (you know when you connect with your phone it brings up the webpage to "agree to terms" and stuff like that.
they should have given us a Vita2, not this broken monstrosity
I do like the idea of the playstation portal, but I did have a bad feeling that it would be executed poorly. I hope that it will be better eventually, but right now it just looks really rough. It definitely feels like it needed more time to be worked on and tested before it got sent out. It's always nice to see you review products and games.. you always have really good points about everything and you're honest about things, but also are looking at the pros and cons to anything which I think is really helpful. I would also just like to see you play more games or have more reviews about what you're playing because that's always fun. I got a little sidetracked, but yeah.. I'm definitely waiting for either a finished version of this or maybe they'll improve on the playstation portal.
God this device is garbage. You cant even use it as a regular controller.
an overpriced display
Save another 200 an get a steam deck it can do remote play an leagues better for only 400
How do you get the best Wi-Fi at home? What do you recommend on your own experience??
this should come bundled with basic pack of Playstation console.
It’s funny to think that the Wii U already got streaming perfect in 2012.
They should make this but included with the pro controller.
Thanks for proving everything i thought about it to be true, definitely not worth buying...
WOOD, MY EXPERIENCE IN BFE. I live in a small town in northern Arkansas with a population of 12000 . I have reasonable internet and I play my cousin's PS5 from my house in Arkansas from his house in Manhattan Kansas nearly 500 miles away. He has the similar internet that I have and my gameplay is phenomena!l I don't understand why you have better internet than I and you're having trouble with the Portal ? All I can say is you must have some kind of interference that I don't? IT'S JUST WEIRD!!! I wish you had the experience I'm having with it. 😢
just a controller brah and yeah no internal browser to let you sign the agreement that some public wifi spots have
Was able to snag one yesterday!
The portal sucks
Thank-you for this video. It confirmed my worries over this thing. I've now decided NOT to get it. Whewwww and these things are $260 in Canada ffs lol
U are Australian why are u trying to sound American?
I use greenlight to stream Xbox series s/x to my steam deck. 1080p stream and minimum lag. Overall decent experience.
Yes this is a hard pass for me, Sony you can do better, I believe in you.
Im so glad i pre-ordered mine day one ... Scalpers are now selling them 400.00 a pop 😂😂😂
So sad... This had such potential... Give me handheld!
This right here is the reason why Jim Ryan was fired.
It is nothing for me thewn i rather go for steam deck or asus rog ally. I need something i can take on the go.
Love how all the Sony fanboys in the comment section trying to make every excuse possible. Lol
I bought one I have been playing it everyday and a lot of the same games and I don’t have any of those issues you may have bought a dud
PlayStation version of a WiiU controller. In a sense.
You can sweeting this thing as much as you want, but I don’t see a point of getting something that is simply a control with a screen that can’t be played away from the real console!
Sony made their own WiiU, because that worked so good for Nintendo...
Dang that sucks I never had that issue. Maybe it's the wifi your using i'm not a hundred percent sure But it also works perfectly when I go to my mom's when I go work at at&t it works perfectly.
Also consider that you are paying for your ps5 to operate. Cooking it's usual wattage to render your game, just to have a lot of the image quality crushed and between 50 and 100ms of latency added. At least with cloud streaming the game is being rendered somewhere else as part of the service. I could only justify this if it did ANYTHING better than I have haptics.
Wow thats garbage its a shame it dosent work like the switch or have good connectivity because looks very nice but i dont even have a ps5 and to get portal for it not to wotk right is a joke especially with no carrying case so sadly definitely not buying the portal, Playstation/ Sony work on your portal dont pull a nintendo.
Was your PlayStation downloading an update in the background? I’ve seen that once an update starts the experience is trash. Outside of that it’s ok.
Thanks for saving me $200
“We all have 4k tvs with OLED nowadays”   *Me and every other person I know* “Um, we do?!?”
Rubbish, where the Old PS Portable without the console, its trash !
“PS Portal is destined to become e-waste.”  -Digital Foundry Couldn’t agree more.
Playstation Backbone
Did you say Cute? OK Bye
I have a steam deck that I current do that with. No need to waste $200 on something I already can do.
buy a hacked psvita ..... your welcome lol
A missed opportunity for a true handheld system, this product looks unfinished.
Waste of money, simply garbage. In the whole video, you were only able to play GoW kind of smoothly under optimal conditions. Every other game you mentioned had problems, not to mention that fact that you gotta be standing in the same room as the ps5 for that ugly thing to work😂😂😂😂
next PS portal version will be an oled
Do companies even try stuff out in the real world anymore?
Idk what ppl were expecting here, they told us this before what it was gonna be and have before. He wants to talk about his internet yetttttt me who doesnt have the "BEST INTERNET" the only issue i come into is connecting it to certain wifis with an authy page. other than that it works wonders. for everyone complaining about speakers need to chill! like yes that are far from the best speakers and yes it sucks that it does not have BT connectivity but i feel they are just fine for games, they get loud i do not have audio cuts when using my wired headphones. there are i havent had issues with audio not matching up. i played fortnite , GTA5, spiderman, ratchet and clank, horizon zero dawn, ghost of t, warzone, black ops 3, and i will say the games that are naturally tasking on the ps5 will not run optimally aka final fantasy(a game that can stutter on its own when theres a lot of things around trying to loud/render) and call of duty, biggest thing with call of duty was a delay you can feel. he was using his hotspot.. well if you are in a high traffic cellular area your hotspot is not really optimal for streaming games, which does suck i will agree but i cant be annoyed with the portal bc the area is just congested with other ppl using their phones but ultimately i think this device hits home for ppl who are just trying to casually play more SINGLE story based games but it will run others good enough to play. with all that being said, i do wish i could just download games to the portal.  butttt to each their own right. id rather play off this with a full controller then use my phone so ill enjoy my portal lol
Sit back and keep my eyes out on with the mod community then I'll get my answer if I should buy
Mine works great at home. Leaving home though, similar to your experience where it can’t connect for long without dropping the connection. I’ll keep trying but not looking promising.
So its a wii U lol
How didn't the first meeting at Sony not apparently raise the question of needing fast internet to even use this 'portable'...
Give it to me then
They needed a simcard slot for 5g at the minimum. Tf is the point of a portable device thats portable for 5m
Really wish this was a Vita 2. Oh well.
Love how after days of its release, it's already 500 dollars
Feel the same it’s crap played it 3 times and I have the fastest net you can get
oh wow you cant take it with you and it has no bluetooth!? i was right on the money with this piece of crap.
$200 is already a bit pricey. And it’s terrible too! A swing and a miss
PSP was better
I’m quite happy with mine. I don’t think it would work well in public spaces. I use it within the confines of my home and it works fine when I can’t access the tv. I have noticed that I need  to be well away from baby monitors and take the tv box offline to keep the bandwidth open. A wired ps5 connection also helps. This device isn’t for everyone. Each to their own
I do wish, it was a hand held ps5 and not just a remote play 😅
It's as useful as a chocolate fire guard! 🙄🤦
From the beginning of your video you just hate it...i got the portal and its imho great. I have steam deck with chiaki as well as back bone and still i think ps portal is great and works great with my 5g connection 1000 kms away from home
How can we trust your opinion when you couldent even figure out how to turn the power on......
The portal is just a reminder that the Vita was crafted by God and Sony is scared to try and recreate it.
As a PS5 owner from day 1, hard pass.
You can buy an entire xbox series s for the same price as this glorified tablet
Sony literally took a look at the handheld competition out there just went went 🤔🤔🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️ nahhhh  What a waste this is and what it should've been was to be in competition with the Steam Deck, ROG Ally, Switch etc to bring on the go to use without internet, but Sony decided, nope, let's not give then a new PSP🥴😂😂 I can see where they're coming from for people with kids and have 1 tv in the house etc, but they missed a huge trick in not having it like the Steam Deck, Switch etc.  Great video as usual man!
When this was announced I was so hyped for literally a minute until they said it was streaming. Now it's a no go! Especially here in the UK with 25mbps
You can literally use playstation remote on the steamdeck
You had one job, calling its name right, and you didn’t…
This is prolly the most polarizing tech release since the switch oled being a parallel system release (which people eventually got over since they realized that they actually liked the better screen). The people who this works for absolutely love this and will fight to the death for it's existence. Anyone else on spotty wifi at best will likely return this brick on day 2. Its kind of the fault of the device since Sony's expectations are too high but more then anything its the fault of them expecting remote play to be good outside of a wired connection. 😕
Bought this on offerup for 250 with some doubt. Went to my friends who lives about an hour away. And all I can say is it worked. Yeah,  I'm keeping mine!
I am not buying this the whole thing about portable consoles is not taking your massive console. It’s ridiculous that you need your PlayStation on and connected to play on the PlayStation Portale. I would rather play on my console. You can’t travel with this and play your PlayStation without needing it at all.
PS Portal Pro probably next
When I saw them release this I thought it was so goofy looking because it’s a screen with half a ps5 controllers on each side.
You can get a PS Vita for $50 and it's new, and I don't advise you to buy this
Thanks for having us on again Wood — we're so excited for the launch of our Lens Shade collaboration! 😎
You were feeling sentimental about the Wii U and wanted something inferior? I'm trying to answer the question in the headline
There will be an actual portable ps5 later on for sure  💯
Anyone else’s parents get them this with out then knowing you need a ps5 so it works
I don't have the same issues, outside of the speakers. Mine works great on my network and when I take it to another house that has a decent wireless network. There are many factors outside of having fiber that can affect this. I get you can only review your experience but I don't think this was put in the most ideal situations for a true test of the hardware as it came off like you were looking for issues cause that would make a better video.
Sounds like a fanboy peripheral to me. Rather, play my switch. Or game pass on my phone.
Sony will add cloud gaming on PlayStation Portal!
I don’t have a single one of these issues. I expect it to be a problem with your internal network. I’ve had issues with RDP and router anti virus package sniffing. Maybe something like that.
But the problem is its not cheap at all since it requires a ps5 and fast internet i believe i worked out the full cost to be like 700usd at least
I just dont understand the tether it to 5G solution. At that rate. Just stream it via the app on your phone and get a Kishi or Backbone controller for your phone.
Trash
One thing…it’s not a handheld. Its an accessory
ITS JUST A WII U
USD $200.00 for something that just streams your console games, and only when you're fairly close... Seems prety expensive actually... I'm happier having paid much less than that on a Razer Kishi V2 that connects to my Android phone, which plays a lot of games that are not stream-dependant...
1. Great review. (As always) 2. As a huge ps fanboy (psp 1000 - Vita days) this is a no go to me… for now.   Price is way too high for a “remote play” only feature, let alone a wifi only device. Although technology has been substantially greater than the early vita days, WiFi limitations causes handheld/consoles like this to suffer in the long run. We are still limited to WiFi connections from our residence/office to try and enjoy something portable? Why? Have it built in to access over LTe/ 5G signal like everyday cellphones. 5G is meant to be WiFi signal strength, but I know it’s still fairly new technology that most places don’t even have.. but, let it be built in. Hotspot is usually the way I go, but it’s still over a WiFi signal strength.. so you’re essentially attempting to stream over 2 WiFi signals (home / hotspot) the lag will be heavily present. Im hoping for the day that “portable” truly means portable .. take that home experience ON-THE Go. Seems like we’re still not ready for this type of technology, let alone paying $200 for something that will be left inside a drawer after couple uses bc it just doesn’t scratch that certain itch.   Sorry for the long comment, again, im a PS fanboy since I had my first ps1 all the way to handhelds and now ps5.. I was excited for something like this - but it’s just not there yet. Maybe soon…
Good informative video! Unfortunately, this is an item to avoid for now. Thanks for the heads up!
I’m going to wait until Final Fantasy VII Rebirth comes out, to justify the purchase, so it won’t take me all of spring semester next year to finish the 100+ hours I’m going to be spending in it! 😆
Ya this thing is just about useless imo.
Exactly why I got the digital version I knew it was a reason for it to come now look I got portal and play any game without worrying about wat disc is loaded it up
This PlayStation Portal is funny it reminds me of the Nintendo Wii u controller. That when you touch the screen you can choose to play the game from the TV or the controller. I wonder why PlayStation copied the failed Wii u, makes no sense it's just going to bomb just like the Wii u just more modern.
One shouldn’t bother with this device if you have a steam deck as it does remote play a lot better.
It is the Wii U gamepad, 10 years late.
PlayStation Portal... PSP 🫨
So is the backbone better or… Also please Sony we need ps vita in 2023
It won’t work if there’s a game downloading or updating. So make sure nothing is updating or downloading while you play
3:29 "We all have 4k TVs"  Me: Ey ah, No I don't.... wanna throw me one of your spares?
Did y'all hear that these apparently sold out already? Lotta uneducated consumers out there in for a rude Christmas awakening 😂
Guess I'll wait for it on the second hand market.  This thing is kind of like pspgo or psvita tv, it's a product out on the wrong time, where you can't really see what they are going for, but people will find good use of them much later...
This thing makes no sense at all. What a bad decision to release something like this. Why did the PlayStation Portable apply for a job?  It wanted to have a "screening" process that actually worked!
Thank you      playstion  DO  BETTER
I want to meet the person who thought: "Ya... there's a market for people who want to keep playing their PS5 games on the couch while their significant other/family member/roommate occupies the television screen!" No doubt they were thinking about the Switch's functionality in that regard. I guess it IS cheaper than buying a new 4k TV but it looks like you get exactly what you pay for... a pretty unsatisfactory experience. Unsure if the person with the initial idea should be canned or the engineering/developement team that built a device that only works 50% of the time should be canned. Why not both!?
Wow I can’t believe you thought the power button was on the screen 😅
I never gt the chance to play on vita but I did have a psp I think the original one and  from what I remember and seeing this. Even that seems to have ran better than what we see if this video.   Thanks for another great vid wood can't wait to see more
Pstv was also pretty boss. Especially when modded.
Great editing! Really hit home the examples!
Waste of money just play the ps5 itself.
https://youtu.be/MPkslkzG2W4?si=Yn5o4j-gGoCs4IeO
At least $300?! No, Digital Foundry was right when they said that $200 was pushing it.
What is the point in getting a portable system if you need to be next to your ps5 lol
bought a new laptop, i was sick of waiting for a ps5 pro, i was sick of not getting games AT LEAST at 60fps, bad resolutions, sooooo finally i made the switch and I WISH I WOULD have bought a p.c. sooner, i wasted SOOO MUCH money playing games and hoping they would run and look good, NOW ps5 exclusives are LEGIT, buttt everything else, GET A P.C>PS5
It’s for when your on the toilet or in bed and can’t sleep but don’t want to wake the wife or cat or dog or bird or kids or the Easter bunny😅
Thats a negative for me. I almost got one for Christmas 😬
I feel like the majority of people don't actually own an OLED tv. The only OLED ive really experienced next to a best buy display is my switch OLED. Not many people have like, $1500+ (cdn) for an OLED tv. I'm enjoying the portal display, i think its great. Havn't had any network issues other than when im super far from my router.
was the bit at 10:20 intentional or has some B roll not been added.
Typical garbage YouTube thumbnails
Glad I returned it. I had same issues. What’s worse is I have good Internet speed and still had issues.
I preordered and gone one……haven’t used it yet…..😩
Time to jailbreak it. Lol.
Without watching the video, I’m guessing the answer is tax write off?
5:32 dont be, because you answer your own question : 10:25 come on, you are a smart man, tripwire offers, apple, McDonalds are doing it all d4mn time
Really enjoyed my experience so far. Zero disconnects or lag thus far. I have noticed pixelation a handful of times when both of my kids are on Roblox and multiple TVs are streaming.   Other than that, it’s been buttery smooth! I love the build quality and enjoy the screen much more than I expected. My only real complaint is no Bluetooth 🫨   As a father of 3, this is a no brainier for someone who can’t always be perched behind a desk or shut away in the game room.
Wish you didnt focus so much on FFXVI for your tests if you knew other games worked better.  There may be evidence that full ssd causes issues and if FFXVI works worst than other games it could be vram related perhaps.  People are stull discovering new hickups.  This one at least could be improved with a ps5 update.  Portal is only remote play hendheld to request a 1080p stream from the ps5, pushing it harder than other methods.  Kinks to work out.
Soooo goood😂😂😂 Playstaion shame on you what a crapp
This is PS5 gamepad- something that Nintendo Wii U done right in 2012.
Seems like you need better wifi in your home. I literally have none of the problems you mentioned.
They really just looked at the Wii U game pad failure and copied it for a quick buck
you know you're old when you expected him to say psp because thats what you had and he says vita and you're like oh...
if you can stream ps plus games then its worth buying
Yeh I’m not wasting my money on this lol
Thank you for this you save €€€me from buying
It’s a great device for people with very specific needs. I’m a 36yo dad with 2 babies at home. I have seen my backlog extend like crazy lately and I have finally been able to play ff16 with little but no hickups when everyone is asleep, in the bathroom (i.e. the casual gaming room) or here and then when the opportunity is there, without needing a sofa. I love my PS Portal, but I admit it could raise a few frustrations to some.
Not gonna lie I laughed at this launch, I've got the Asus Rog Ally.. I can essentially play anything and the ps / xbox / pc doesnt need to be on to do it lol..
Id love a set of viture glasses and in the dock pack for switch, however at $787Australian dollars not including postage, they're wayyyy too expensive for the average person honestly. They need to be under $300aud to be within reach i think. Or at least on par with the price of the switch. Not more than double
Did you connect you PS5 to Lan cable?
1:10 this is really the only reason and logical use I can think of for this thing. I feel bad hogging up the living room TV when my fiancé wants to watch stuff. That’s why I play my switch in handheld mode all the time so it frees up the tv.  I can’t justify this purchase for this one use though. Especially when it has unreliable experience And it’s 200$.
I don't think they are planning on creating a new portable playstation. It's just a streaming device, nothing new about it. Sony getting a bit lazy and selfish. For me, there is nothing wrong with the classic design of their previous portables.  Just add some new stuff and less alterations. But i don't know...
You know theres the switch, then oled. Theres the steam deck, then oled. Now the ps portal, they will almost certainly do an oled version in a year or so, to get the suckers that have money to buy a second one for the upgrade.
You did it for content
Cloud gaming and this thing was a mistake
No surprise if they release later on playstation portal pro with oled
Wow steam deck with cloud is actually amazing
To be fair i don’t think this device was ever meant to be played outside of your own house. I think it’s for a family that mostly share the tv. It’s def not for me and i don’t think it’s for most.
If you are not sure why you bought a portal then you are the problem 😂
Its a 'handheld' it the sense it literally is held in the hand. But is not a gaming device. Its a controller with streaming monitor. Thats it.   I think its would make a great doorstop.
midway your video got so hilarious....never saw your page lol
I was going to get one glad you did this review though woods because now I'm not
Yeah Nintendo did this almost 20 years ago 😂😂, it's called the WiiU😂.
It's not even f*cking OLED.... Like seriously not even higher refresh rate..
Wow. A Sony handheld that can do nothing BUT stream and play ps5 games. No 1st or 3rd party devs support to exclusively develop for a portable really doesn't sell this as a useful device unlike the vita and psp which had their own library of games.
The point of the next gen Playstation was the graphics and then buy something that out puts Playstation 2 quality congratulations Sony lol. Great video and I'm glad I saw this first hard pass. Cash grab at its best and we wonder why xbox is king
Where would you even use one if you can only play it while close to your ps5…
Great review!
maybe you need to upgrade your wifi router to wifi 6?
I've not seen one review of this where the reviewer didn't have issues. Anyone who says they're not suffering in the same way is only saying this because they've forked out 200 and need to justify it to themselves. Sony have made a bad product here. The issues I've seen with this are no different to the issues I've always experienced when trying to use remote play on my phone/tablet, right next to my PS5! Which means Sony did f-all to improve their remote play services. This thing needed to be flawless to not come across as complete wasted trash and it's not. Sony put zero effort into this product!
The playstation portal should NOT be $200 I feel like an even $100 as just an accessory is good enough if you want to game in bed but you can more than likely do the same exact thing by tinkering with different hardware and software settings on a completely different handheld device even possibly a phone it's a kind of useless "handheld gaming device" I say that as loose as I possibly can it's an accessory worth way more than it should be
Configure your router. Put your ps5’s ip to the dmz. And turn on upnp on router. I use remoteplay. Its butter
My experience at home was exactly the same as yours. Symmetrical 1 GB fiber connection (1 GB down and up), wired ethernet to my ONT and still I had numerous buffering artifacts, laggy performance—even on a game that should be undemanding (Diablo II Resurrected). I want my $$$ back. Too bad I bought it direct from Sony, so that ain't gonna happen. Soooo bottom line, I'm stuck with a $200 doorstop. Sux.
it has limited use at the moment - i have no idea though why it has to connect to your wifi...why can't it connect directly to your ps5 for best connection.  I think once (if) sony sort out the cloud gaming then maybe, just maybe, with a ps plus subsciption they will allow cloud gaming on the ps portal without turning on the ps5
whoops lol 10:19
So it's only an overpriced trash full of connectivity issue sigh I thought this thing could be the answer to outdoor gaming livestream but too bad by the way what game is he playing that look like GTA in the video
So basically sony’s Wii U made worse jajajaja
Thanks for the review tho
Nah...
What a bummer, thank God it's sold out.
They should have at least worked on the remote play service before releasing something like this.
THE FACT in the end of the video you couldn't stand tall enough to say it's 4ss is straight up harsh, My friend got it for his PS5 we live in europe - His connection s*cks even in his house, this thing is 2/10 make sure to not let people buy that cause I'm so sorry for their money on this thing :(((((
I use a samsung tab s7 and a playstation controller to stream way better screen way better sound and you have a playstation controller :). I use a stand in bed works great
I wish I got everything just delivered to me. That’s crazy that man gets everything Game related must be nice. I wish I could.
one reason Sony prolly isn't doing a full blown handheld is cuz it'd be like $400 and would go head2head against the Switch2, it's an uphill battle against the Switch2
I like to support Sony and I hope by buying the Portal it'll help them actually create a better Vita.  I think honestly if they had the option to download a single game from your PS5 to the system and play it that would be awesome.  Kind of like checking the game out from your PS5.  I still love my Vita all these years later and I hope we'll get there at some point.
Playstation doesn't care anymore. They pretend but they don't care. Why didn't they just copy the same protocol that WII U was using? That was true no-lag experience. Still is to this day.
$200 for a device that you can’t even use without having a ps5, good wifi, good public/family/friend wifi for when you play on the go, and no bluetooth is INSANE. They’re basically selling a paperweight that doesn’t always work as intended, and streaming games isn’t even that advanced yet. Like yeah it’s better than it was a few years ago but with the requirements this device needs it will only be met if you have above the minimum. This device will fail hard
I was all geeked up for one until I heard no Wi-Fi service outside of your house!🤦🏾‍♂️👎🏾
I bought mine at Best Buy because they have 14 day returns.   I returned mine, 13 days early.
Using a streaming gaming device in a public wifi is stupid.
11:47 to be fair you should of tested other games besides final fantasy at star bucks since it worked the worst at home out of all the games. Should of tried god of war at star bucks
Its like a Wii U......LOL
In terms off hot-spot connectivity, iPhone just sucks at providing that service. I use my galaxy 23 plus and the hot-spot is fantastic. Just shows how bad apple products are made
Soo... This is everything I feared? Got it. My switch will be for gaming on the go and I have the ps5 at home. I'm good.
PlayStation absolutely dropped the ball on this. The fact that you have to stream it through your PS5 rather than from the servers is awful. Just bring back the Vita.
So you see ff16 doesn't seem to play well. But you continue to test that same game again and again. Where is the variety of games? If ff16 is the one game having issues, i can live with that. All other game footage you showed looked to run well. If you're interested in this device, I recommend you go out and buy one. Try it during the holiday extended return season, and return it if it isn't working out... 🤷
Imagine being Sony, looking at the Wii U and saying to yourself, “Yeah we need that but worse!”
Play at a hotel, job, or a cafe, you’re fucked when it comes to this.   This device is useless outside of home environments
All site sold out, maybe Sony just made a very little quantity
“You don’t go full Sony”
When you have ongoing download in your ps5 it may cause lag.
If u have a asus rog ally or any game pc handheld, u can just remote play to it.
Buying one of those was my dream so that I could play spiderman 2 remastered next year 2 feet away from my Playstation. Now I guess I need a new dream.
Ummm so this thing is a bit doo doo, oh and btw Wood I love your video, I’ve been watching for so long, thank you so much for the very hard work!
The way you describe it, it sounds like Sony's attempt at the Wii U.  Only the "gamepad" is, by itself, $200.  It's just not worth it.
Glorified controller
There’s no way they made this POS to sell a lot of them. Not worth it
this thing is a giant waste of plastic. just save a little extra to get a steam deck instead. it can stream games from your ps5, as well as much more
I'll buy one once it gets hackable
portal is not for me. Let's say i already have ps5, beside $200 for portal, i need another $200 to "beef up" or upgrade my home network and another $100++ per month for blazing fast internet any isp on my country can offer
I love the design
Ill buy it when it doesnt cost this much and second hand. Ill refurbish
Bring back the Vita
What a sexy lady
Dude, why are you always this negative? I got the thing aswell and it works better than any switch or pc handheld gaming device, yeah its not a console but if you allready own a ps5 this thing is great!
Terrible device that costs far too much. If they weren't going to release a proper handheld then they could have at least released it with a few other extras like bluetooth, a case, an ethernet port (or free dongle), built in web browser, PS1/PS2 and PSP/Vita emulation, and cloud streaming. Maybe a 5G model too?
I wonder how many buy it just because it is called PSP...
Was this sponsored by Sony or did they give you the product for review? Because I don’t see (even for work or video purposes) the point for any one to own this over a steam deck,switch, legion go, basically any other portable device. It’s legit a scam from Sony.
"We all have OLED TVs at this point"... Must be nice to be rich and surrounded by rich friends.
There was nothing confusing at all about this unboxing or the set up.   Don’t let melodramatic YouTubers sway that.
I packed mine back up because I was furious in the first 48 hours…and then I saw more reviews, and I gave it a chance…and it’s quite lovely.   I’ve played it in coffee shops, at work, at a friends and even over my cellular hotspot.   It works very well, it feels very good, and it has the potential to be a cloud streaming device if Sony opens it up through software update.   It’s an ACCESSORY. It hasn’t been billed as anything other than an ACCESSORY, and nobody should have expected a handheld standalone.
Sounds like the Wii U gamepad, but crappy
The portal absolutely sucks and a cheap cash grab. Waste of money.
Knew this would be the case if my hard wired ps4pro can't remote play smoothly from my hard wired ps5 pro a glorified tablet won't.give it another decade
I recently got this myself, it's not horrible, but surely they'll do an update on the handheld to make it better... here's hoping.
It went from under priced to over priced smh
This is just a wii u XD
Like it's not worth $200 haha
The Miyoo Mini + is so much better than this $200 “console”
This is a trash portable after watching your review.
Love that you had to splice the “XR” into the video
Strange everyone wants to compare the portal to a Steam deck but never show a steam deck RELIABLY using remote play
Ps fanboys on X are comparing this masterpiece to steam deck,rog ally and legion go 💀
there's no way this will even work in Australia, our internet is too slow for something like this
Why does he pronounce the word phone "pholne"..
Useless junk
(Me going to buy it right now)
Whoever buys this is scamming themselves lmao
I love my Portal. I played it so much at work that I left late this past Friday, and the network at my job isn't even the best. I just played it taking a dump. I haven't bothered to turn my gaming monitor on since I got the portal.  Unreal that I get to play my PS5 games on a $200 handheld device. But to each their own.
The technological infrastructure is just not there yet... I am selling mine, I bought the new Steam Deck OLED LE instead.
Although I only played an hour or two so far since opening mine, I think it seems to work as advertised.
A few concerns about how this was presented:  1. You mentioned that your router is in your basement so if you have a normal 2 story house, it makes sense why you would have an iffy connection to your PS5/router from your bedroom (which could be on the top floor). If you had access points setup throughout the home, you’d probably see a difference/improved connection.  2. You used your hotspot from your phone, but there was no mention about the service your phone was getting at the time. If your phone only had 1 or 2 bars while in Starbucks, then that would explain why the connection is poor. Sony could improve this by including a makeshift web browser that could allow you to properly join WiFi from a hotel or Starbucks.  However, with all of this, I’m sure most people wouldn’t have access points/a mesh setup in their home to improve WiFi quality. Also, I haven’t tested with FFXVI yet but everyone’s experience definitely varies with this device. Sony should probably do a better job at emphasizing these things so people don’t get the wrong impression.
No. You have to have it on rest mode and you can play games. Not ps5 on only if you choose too.
If it only works half the time it's not worth 200.
Soooo, in Other Words.... It is worth MAYBE $100 at Most! Thanks for the Honest Review!!! 👊 🍻
If you buy an iPad you get a whole computer plus remote play.
I would only buy it if it worked outside of the house. No use if your right near your console. Better graphics and volume on the tv
I'll buy it from you... Pretty please 🥺🙏
I work at GameStop and I tell everyone do t waist there money that the backbone works twice as much and you don’t have to be connected to wifi lol it’s a pos
You’re like the first one that actually has criticism about this thing and highlight the fears I had about this thing
Useless thing for extra $
A Nintendo C. Sucker reviewing a Sony product?
lol portal is probably just Sony using FFMPEG to stream HLS streams to a remote device that can’t keep up. Also the fact the FFXVI is falling apart is because the encoding for the stream is fighting for cpu resources.
TBH, I see ZERO point in this. LMAO. At this point, just play your PS5! X'D NO Idea what Sony was thinking! Maybe it'll get better in the future? Haha!
All Sony had to do was make a vita successor
I'm shocked you had a bad experience with final fantasy. That game ran great for me. All my games ran amazing on the portal, with exception to cod. But was still playable / enjoyable. My ps5 is hardwired and I have no wifi dead spots at home.
Wood pissed the ponies off 😂
I respect your POV but you are basically just describing issues with your home WiFi that could be alleviated by upgrading to a better router. If you would have given that backbone device more time you would have seen the exact same issues you are describing with your Portal. Like many others are saying, mine works totally fine and I haven’t seen any of those compression artifacts like you showed in your video. I also invested $400 on my router to make sure I had a high bandwidth WiFi network that could push multiple high definition streams simultaneously. Here’s a good question… when you started having random hiccups and stuttering issues was Kim streaming a Tv show? Things like will affect your experience if your WiFi bandwidth is limited.
yep....as I thought...another "trash" product from Sony...disappointed !!!
Most honest and thorough review I have seen. Thank-you!
Any king who must say "I am the king" is not true king at all
can you jailbreak it?
If it was a stand alone console it would be cool but wow….this thing is super useless!!! You can hear it in your voice how disappointed you are lol waste of money for sure for another PS5 controller. wait this controller has a screen😐 oh yea still useless!!!
it wouldn't be clickbait no matter what since you still show/mention the thing
Good testing and review.  but just one thing, if you know FF have streaming problem.. whey you didn't try Sm2 or Gow at cafe?
What a pointless console. It’s almost like Sony just made this handheld just to be part of the club not to bring anything new to the table lol
Mine just came in today playing as I type this out lol
Sounds like you need to upgrade your home WiFi network
To be honest whats the point of it when Its not actually portable outside your your house
I was going to grab this but , I’m glad I seen this video first.
If you want to play Spider-Man 2 on a portable handheld device I would say just wait a year until it drops on PC. It would have been great if Sony made a steam deck clone using those controllers. The crazy thing is the portal looks like a Wii U gamepad.
So let's summarize. Even with a Sony created product that is made solely for remote play remote play still pretty much sucks
I have a question about the FF XVI test.  Was the game fully downloaded or was it run when the game is ready to play?  Remote play doesn’t work well for anyone when it’s also downloading.
Crazy cause I like this. I got kids that hog the TV and this is perfect for me. People are more upset cause it's not a vita 2. Rather have another vita but I wasn't expecting one. I do have a switch but totally bored with it, Nintendo just don't do it for me. I Rather play my ps5 games on the go and the ability to do so now is great. And before y'all attack my opinion, no I don't think this is better than a steam deck or a portable like that. Switch on the other hand, idk I kinda don't want to play 50 different Mario games? Please tho, this is  just my opinion. Please be polite cause I do respect others opinion too.
You have no idea how let down I am by this. GameStop won’t even let me return it, only store credit for $70
So it makes your PS5 into a WiiU
Nah fam. The only way to play portable is with a laptop, steam deck, or switch. Or any of the past portable consoles. Streaming just isnt there yet. Maybe in 15 more years.
I stream from my PS5 all the time on my laptop. I would totally buy this if it had removable controllers, the ability to play completely remotely from public places, or if the price were lower. Would be nice if I could use netflix or other streaming services that I have the app for on the console. Also, why can't I watch movies remotely? If I can play a video game, why can't I watch movies if the disc is on the playstation? lol
This encompasses everything I heard about it thus far. Thanks for taking it on the chin for us. I will get it when it is on clearance for $50. I loved the Vita and the PS4. Although not perfect it seemed to function better.
the problem is that it can do what several other systems could do, but those other systems could do more.  WiiU gamepad: closest equivalent, but also acted as a controller with secondary (touch)screen psp/psvita/steamdeck/smartphone with controller: run games on the device itself, stream more demanding games from a more capable device. nintendo switch: has the entire console built into it, so you don't have any lag or connection issues in most games.
People pretending 200$ for a controller with a lcd screen is insane yet no one’s bats an eye at the edge pro controller that doesn’t have a screen yet is the same price 😂
So basically the current leading devices when it comes to gaming (as in offers the most capabilities) are the Nintendo Switch and Steamdeck. I haven't seen the Steamdeck being marketed as much as other gaming consoles, but considering that Steam offers both PC and handheld platform gameplay, there is a way for players who play games running hardcore graphics such as FF16 on handheld. The only issue with Steamdeck right now is that apart from their own website, no local retailer sells it.  I used to game on both the PS2 and PSP. So when I first heard news of the Portal coming out I hoped it would have the same capabilities as the Steamdeck. I didn't mind having to start a Playstation account and buy games for that account, as long as I was able to do so on the handheld device itself.  It makes me wonder if Sony and Nintendo have an unspoken agreement to not overstep on their "specialized" gaming fields - with Sony running high-graphic games for console, Nintendo doing handheld at the cost of quality. Which if so, why? They could expand to more target audiences, since there isn't much options right now for players who want both [high-graphic games] running on a [handheld device] in which is [available to buy at their nearby retailer]. Those 3 conditions all together.   Ever since I got the Switch, since I already have a gaming device that runs on both console and handheld, so I don't need another console device - especially one like the PS5 that is bulky compared to the Switch. I cannot easily fit a PS5 next to my desktop monitor. But considering I wanted to play games such as FF16 and FF7 remake that can ONLY run on systems such as the PS5, Sony creating an actual handheld device in which I can play FF games without having an existing PS5 system would be key for me. They could easily pull me in as a new consumer that originally belonged to a different target audience.  Sony has done a handheld gaming device before, so there is no excuse. Meanwhile considering the Steamdeck exists, the tech to actually make a handheld device that runs games with hard graphics is possible. I happened to see a TikTok where the OP was wondering why Nintendo, who makes millions at this point, decides to not venture into that world, in which I agreed. Like do these companies not want... money? More profit and market share? Like they still can have certain games exclusive to their own platforms, but for game companies who want to release their titles to many systems as possible, Nintendo giving them that option would be ideal for them as well. Instead of teams like the Hogwarts Legacy case having to spend painstaking hours having to rework the graphics on an entire game.  But eh, I only studied marketing, not business. What do I know.
This is so sad. I was excited for this to release.
Technically speaking, this is a $700 USD streaming only device that is limited to specific WiFi networks.  $200 for the Portal, $500 for the required PlayStaion console.  I can buy a handheld that can do both streaming and local play for cheaper overall.
I don’t see why this is even a thing. Waste of their time and our time and extremely expensive for what it’s used for without being able to use it without your PlayStation. Like what the heck were they thinking??
Sorry bud not every gamer has a 4k tv , you live in a bubble
Thought about one of these for hotels an stuff, guess not.
It’s just a Wii U
Tl dr  Playstation made the wii u tablet for 200$
But I wouldn't buy the ps5 portal
that is only good for if you want to play on the toilet or in bed
I love your videos and have been a follower Wood but cmon its so obvious you sold yourself to Viture...the xreal glasses are hundred times better and your nonbiased review of them after selling yourself to viture was very little believable. Anyway i still love you but please stop it
Finally someone talking about the ridiculous connectivity issues
Batman just called,he wants his batorang back
You can also use the Pulse headphones for PS5.
Let’s  tell it like it is this is just a Gimmick hard pass from me
I have stream game on my ps5 without having any problem before I went to work on wifi.
TBF id be curious to see how well you could do other in home streaming to weed out any bad wifi issues. for example doing steam remote play on a steam deck to your gaming pc. just curious.
All sins: no WiFi 6, no OLED, no Bluetooth, weak speakers, changing max fps between main console and remote portal (120>60>120>60>120>…) every time you jump between them (the way you decide to play)[if you have 120hz tv or higher], no Sony’s protect case, no changeable analog sticks incase of their’s drifting, no possibility to use apps such as PV, N, D, YT etc., you can turn off PS5 through the Portal, but you cannot turn on PS5 with it, when accidentally somebody turns off when you’re on your holiday far, far away from your PS5; really weak options menu.
What a bummer 😕 I'm kind of glad i didn't pre-order one.
I already have a BackBone I don’t use.    I’ll just rock my Switch
PS U
Thank you Beat em ups for this video!!!
Honestly if I was going to stream games using this thing I wouldn't because what I would have wanted them to do is have it an option where you just hook up the HDMI cord to the advice or have a much longer cord to connect your PS5 and goes to that advice and instead of screaming it you're just getting on the thing I just feel like it's kind of disappointing
So completely unusable in Australia, what a waste of good plastic
They did a WiiU?.... Feels like they're doing a WiiU? It didn't go well for that sooooo.....
Its absolute garbage.
I’m pretty sure the solution for not being able to stream Netflix and Twitch and other apps was on the screen at 12:17
I wish play station would go back to portables again, like get back in the game.
I'm buying an atari 2600+ an actual console for less btw
The $99 backbone does essentially the same thing except your phone is the screen. And I’m pretty sure you can play it anywhere.
Very disappointing. For $200, with an 8” screen and full Dual Sense feature support, I absolutely would have bought one of these, if only to be able to play my PS5 games in bed (or my living room when my kids take over the TV). I would be totally ok with the fact that it ONLY streams PS5 games - so long as the streaming was perfect. But your experience appears very similar to the performance I get streaming PS5 to my Steam Deck using Chiaki. When I’m in the same room, sometimes it works “ok”. When I use it in my bedroom, it’s super choppy and barely works at all. Seems that remote play /game streaming just sucks.
People are still going for it due to it being sold out. Good old supply and demand tactic.
For a guy that’ll buy 3-4 Nintendo  switch they ALL work the same this wasn’t going to work for you PS Viture sucks Rokid glasses are better
Why can't people and content creators understand this is for a certain demographic? This isn't for everyone. It was never marketed as a handheld console.  I know several dads who bought it and loves I because they can play while their kids are using the TV for their things.
I would not get this lol
I used to use the old fat PSP for this and turn on my PS3 at home and stream games to it from anywhere. It worked rather well I thought for its time, limited to what disk was in the drive or games saved on the PS3.
big fan since seeing you on game chasers!
*Portal
omg you have a doggo?
This cost as much as the switch
Put your phone on the wifi then hot spot it next time you're at Starbucks with the device.
Thank you for this very honest review. I really wanted to buy one of these Portals, but if YOU are having connection and lag problems and you have the best internet available in USA... then I have absolutely no chance at getting one to work on my very slow internet here in Australia.  I was hoping the Portal would have some sort of bluetooth connection to the PS5 console (like a normal controller would have), so that you could connect at home and use it offline without having to stream over wifi. I really thought it would function over bluetooth and just operate as a controller with a built in screen at home, and then only need to connect via wifi if you took it out of the house. But it doesn't, which sucks and makes it inaccessible to anyone stuck with bad internet in their local area.  I'm so glad I learned that even people with the best internet are having problems with it before I bought one. It would have been a huge waste of money. I know my internet isn't strong enough to handle streaming because I've tested the remote play app on my phone, and the best I can get is the Playstation menu, as soon as I try to play a game it starts having connection problems and cuts off.  Since getting a Portal is no longer an option, I've asked a friend in the USA to help me order a Steam Deck instead (which sadly isn't available in Australia). The new Steam Deck OLED will be a much better purchase for me, because even if it takes a few days to download a game over my slow internet, at least once its downloaded I can play it offline, like I do with my Switch OLED.
There is a trend from PlayStation to copy features from others companies, but they don’t settle down at the end of the day
its also worth noting that is can only play games DIRECTLY from the PS5. it will NOT play games from the external ssd
I got my PlayStation Portal on the 17th and have put it through a lot of games since then. Ghost of Tsushima, Trepang2, Lords of the Fallen, Ratchet & Clank, Remnant II, Prodeus, Star Ocean Second Story R, Aliens Fireteam Assault, etc. I've not experienced any connection issues or input lag, personally. There's only minor compression artifacts in Ghost of Tsushima when spinning the camera around quickly. I can induce compression artifacts and stuttering only if I walk outside of range of my WiFi router.  I have a single $50 Huawei AX3 router placed in the center of my apartment. Wireless signals are broadcasted horizontally, so if you live in a home with multiple floors, you may need one access point per floor, bridged together with Ethernet cables. My PS5 and all other static devices are connected to the router, or to switches connected to the router, via Ethernet cables so that they are not competing for wireless bandwidth.  Make sure that your WiFi settings are configured to split the 2.4 and 5 GHz access points into two separate SSIDs. A typical 2.4 GHz access point is capable of ~100-300 Mbps divided across every device connected to it. Your neighbor's 2.4 GHz access point most likely overlaps with your AP to a degree, so there's a limit to how many devices can comfortably use 2.4 GHz at a time. A typical 5 GHz access point provides 600-1200 Mbps with a much wider band of channels, but at a shorter range, so this is where you'll get the best performance.  The Portal should generally be connecting to the 5 GHz access point, but you can also try out the 2.4 GHz connection for comparison since it has longer range. If you live in an area with a lot of network congestion, you can reduce the number of 20 MHz bands to increase connection stability at the cost of potential peak bandwidth in a controlled environment. It's typically best to set the 2.4 GHz AP to a single 20 MHz channel, whereas there shouldn't be much issue with the 5 GHz even when set to 20/40/80/160 MHz. That said, if you live in an apartment complex with thin walls, you can try lowering the 5 GHz band to 20/40 MHz to increase reliability.  Some people have reported that they can reduce input latency significantly by disconnecting the HDMI cable from PS5 to the TV. That way it won't attempt to synchronize with the TV while also simultaneously streaming to the Portal. This sounds like a software issue in the PS5 though.
I rather stick with a vita type concepts that base of that design, but still works with any games of the PS4 and PS5 version games, via digitally. Maybe that’s me, but kinda wish they went with something like that, that could work at the very least.
Your internet capabilities are irrelevant. It's a local connection. So your signal strength and connectivity bandwidth matters. Like if your pc, phone, smart tv, etc are all using wifi, then the experience suffers. Also using mobile data is a no no because latency is way too much. That would cause the artifacts you saw in the shop.   In case of using it on a different level in your house than your wifi router you would need wifi signal boosters.  What I am trying to say is, your house is actually not a good case for it because you have your wifi router in the basement.   Having Said all of that I still won't get it myself because I am mostly a pc gamer now and I only play PS exclusives on ps5 and a steam deck for that purpose is doing great for me with chiaki.
What the heck is the point of this aside from using it on the toilet?
Lol I laughed Everytime you said portable and on the go. I can take my Switch on the go but not this.
man idk, mine works 100% of the time.   ive only played elden ring and cyberpunk on it so far.
You purchased it for views and content….and you probably made the money back…cut the malarkey😂
I'm loving mine and I haven't had any lag problems with it. I use it when my little one is watching her shows
Nty
Big yikes Sony
This never interested me if it was like a vita where I could play the games on the go (actually downloaded not solely streamed) then maybe but this just never got my interest
Have you tried readjusting the refresh rate on the ps5 to 60hz? That will reduce stutter noise increase your bandwidth connection
I bought one on day one and no issues. It doesn’t work if you’re downloading games in the background FYI. I been playing FIFA 23 and spider man
Not sure why? Because you have the money to splurge, and you know you'll get it back from ad revenue so it's virtually free to you?
Thanks for your honest review. You took your time to make sure to put out the correct information on that portable whatever. I agree with you with the ps vita. Love that thing and still have it😊😊
Why do I feel like he's only trying his best to like it even though there are a bunch of things not to like?
Thumbs up for your honest review this is why I’m subscribed to you thank you for buying it so we didn’t have too!
0:51 Man, I was almost excited, but I guess having the games semi-portable is cool, I guess.
The phoned in ad "Viture *XR*" was really noticeable lmao
Just as I predicted honestly. I have a steamdeck with chiaki4deck and although you cannot remote play at a Starbucks, you can actually play games on PS4 and PS5.  If Sony charged 150-200 euro's more with a special ps now subscription deal and a steamdeck style verification system, it would have been way more interesting then it is now
the only use i can see for something like this is needing to take a number 2 while in the middle of a cod match
all they had to do was remaster the vita in some way shape or form 😐
Why didn't they go the switch route with SD cards with games on them. I see this flopping hard since if you own a switch you don't have to stream games
It means you have a really bad internet.
The fact that these sold out really surprised me but then again it didn’t. I could see scalpers buying them up hoping they were better than advertised only to find out how crappy they really are. Sad to see Sony pretend they are the leading competitor in the market with this when they don’t even offer Bluetooth or the ability to stream their PS plus service games. They truly have lost their way at the cost of greed. I bought a Steam Deck myself and I find it to be the coolest handheld I have ever purchased. I look forward to other companies making products buyers actually want in the future.
don't plan on ever buying one, but i can see the idea behind it. i think of this as Sony's Wii U in a way. say you only have 1 TV in the house, and you have family over for the holidays. they want to watch movies, and you want to game. even then 200  is a bit steep. maybe 100-150 tops.
I’m not sure I’ll even open this tomorrow when it comes? What killed it for me was when you pointed out all you can do is stream games. Not any apps so I can’t watch a movie while the game is on. Thanks for the heads up!
Having fast Internet speed isn't enough. You need to orient the space around your modem/router to have as little Wi-Fi interference as possible. This is the factor that causes people to have wildy different experiences despite having similar Internet speed.
Oddly enough when I switched to 2.4G from 5g on my home Wifi, it got better and I am also using a wired connection from my router to my PS5
Why get one if you have to have your playstation 5 on to us us?  Just play on the tv it bigger screen.
You actually purchased it with your own money?
You're being very loose with the word "portable"
as expected tbh
Much cheaper Backbone from JB Hi Fi 😂 Christ, this is junk from PlayStation and I’m a PS owner all the way.
I hate it when I’m gonna do the daily wordle but I already did it
I here the portable ambulance now. Kinda sounds like WiiU WiiU
What is your router model?
There is literally nothing confusing about turning that on.....
Ain’t it weird when they say u have to have ps5 on they literally have it on with tv on to? Is that mandatory to play this thing?
Curious question: if you have to use your PS5 to use it then are you just doubling your Internet data usage? Internet companies are starting to put data limitations on home users, and charge some more for extra data So if it ups your internet data you're not just paying extra for the PlayStation you're also paying extra for your internet to be able to use it?
Wish they had  made the Vita 2 then I would have been all for it, but this thing for me is useless I mean my kids have their own tv and gaming system in their rooms and I have my pc and consoles in my own room so why in the world would I even need this thing that has a cheap screen and no Bluetooth… I mean straight back to the early 2000’s with this thing.
I was hoping you didn’t need a ps5 to work a ps portal 🥲
I have an Xbox series x I’m definitely not buying this.
$200 too much I think even $100 too much too I can honestly say even for $50 not worth this frustration
How is this thing not just a good second screen to stream whatever you're looking at on your PS5? It's so odd that it seems to have issues with specific games. How did this get through testing?
Isn’t this like the Wii U situation where it’s gonna flop or? 🤨
Watch this crap sell better than the Vita. 🙄
Sony should have named it duel sense portal lol I would love it but because I’m an adult that has too many switches n never plays “ on the go” lol
I am going to save to save up on a Nintendo switch for me and my sister I like the vid 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤❤
We just wanted a new PSP or PS vita
Got on release returned the next day the lag was too much.. just waiting on refund
To me this is absolutely the most useless thing ever. If it could play your games when you're on the train or something, sure. But this just feels useless.
Why couldn't they do what the Wii U did? Add a more streamlined connection on top of the normal remote play.  I know it's 1080p but if it was localized and 15-20 feet away from the console, that could've also been a second option for a smoother connection. That thing was pretty flawless. We also have the tech to pull it off, not sure why they can't add a WPS protocol and directly connect to your console instead of through your router - when you're close to your console.
PlayStation Wii U?
Cool idea but not for me.
If this was like the Wii U and the Wii U gamepad and worked the same way I would have bought it in a heartbeat. But since it doesn’t and it is just remote play I don’t have the internet speeds to use it
NO. HARD PASS.
At this point, I'd rather go for the Steam Deck oled or the Playstation Vita.
Why didn't they just tried for a portable console? Why make a shittier Wii U? You can already do that with your phone. A Sony portable console would've been amazing.
I know why I got 1 because I like to watch my shows like Monday night football but my ps5 is hooked up to the main TV so now I can do both.
$300 cad so never in a hundred years
PsVita 2, please Sony PLEASE!!!!!
1000th
Yeah it's a piece of crap for sure
Did Sony not test this during development?
Do you think they might release another handheld with the same name PlayStation Portal but its Oled  and with physical releases ?  Also I think all this only streaming and no cloud is done on purpose just to see drama online especially youtube platform to see if handhelds have audience in 2023  My opinion is that there next handheld will sell more due to PlayStation portal drama
200 is a terrible price for what it does, for 200 I want at least a browser or Bluetooth. For 100 I could see it maybe be of value...but is is Maybe with a capital M
It's really strange seeing a review like this. Especially when he claims he's got extremely fast internet. Because in MY house, even paying for the upgraded speeds of Spectrum, I get 400 down and 22 up. Yet somehow I'm having flawless gameplay and image quality on my portal.  My PS5 is also hard wired with ethernet, but maybe it comes down to his router? I upload and download huge files all day long as a working video editor, so I bought a fancy Asus router (which I guess does tout itself as a gaming router) back in 2018. That router never seemed to help with remote play on my PS4 Pro or the PS5 because it was always extremely laggy and unplayable on my high end Android phones. So I gave this Portal a try and it is a game changer on my setup. Not sure where the disparity lies here, maybe he has 10000000 mbps download speeds but he uses the equipment his internet provider sent him.
You had my exact experience.  Remote play sucks.  Give me a new vita.
Oh wow that’s cool so it’s like a Wii U touchpad, except you can use it in other places, with good Wi-Fi Yeah, not for me I’m good
Great review. I've seen people on reddit praise this thing like it works amazing. But ps play or ps now are unplayable because of the input lag. This seems to be exactly the same so not for me. I can't stand input lag or bitcrush
I didn’t even buy the PS5 Those glasses will be useful when you’re on a flight and the airline makes you load the entertainment on your phone
Over engineered stadia. Hopefully it mods well.
I'm in Australia. I pre ordered it and it doesn't come out to February 2nd so have time to watch all the reviews.
Turn off HDR, VRR and 120 mode in the PS5 settings and thank me later.
Only daddy gamer like me, the perfect target market for PS Portal
I came here to watch the PlayStation portal review but this guy managed to sell me a pair of Tv glasses 💀
This is for people who live with their partner and only have 1 tv or their partner refuses to watch tv in a different room. Other than that this has no purpose.
You bought it so you could make this video and make soke wonga from YouTube
This sux. Remember Onlive from 13 years ago? On a good day, I could stream that on my Xperia Play while on the buss with no wifi all the way from Denmark to the US serveres and it ran better than this.
I miss the times when Vita was a thing and you could literally play games on the go. Portal looks fun if you want to play at home or during a long loo session :D
I want it
Yea i love streaming but even on the best of services its not great all the time.
Wii U 2.0
did i just see mimir using laser eyes? u can do that?!
Not portable useless
I miss my PSP from back in the day!.. I am very tempted to buy a Steam Deck so I can play Sony games on a handheld device.. since the PlayStation Portal seems to be very pointless, unless lazing around in the house!
I have one and it works great on my network!
I hate the animal rotation to the hand puzzles when I log out of my Robots account 😭😭😭
What I've seen on other reviews for Wi-Fi streaming is to make sure it only connects to the 5ghz Wi-Fi band. 2.4ghz has more range but slower and not great for streaming.
I still can't believe IGN gave the Portal an 8 out of 10.
I already knew that the PlayStation portal when it was a announced it was a waste of money and if you stream games from your PS five own to a iPhone or iPad and I can’t say anything about android because I don’t have either one of those and you’re having a bad experience with it being laggy and choppy and stuff it must mean that your Internet sucks is too slow to do it because I have a gig on Mediacom Internet that isn’t the best Internet service in the world. It kind of sucks, but I don’t have any problems streaming on my phone through Wi-Fi or mobile data and on my tablet with Wi-Fi even if I take it to another state like I have done before in stream from somebody else’s house with my PS five being in Florida and then my tablet being in Alabama with me and remote place still works fine even in a car on mobile data. It works good but not really if the car is moving because you’re switching from tower to tower.
You literally have 1 job....
This is the worst Sony product ever I think.
What kind of Wi-Fi connection was it on? 5 ghz?
People having connectivity issues is wild to me. I've played at home on my router. On my Hotspot. At my moms house on her less than quality wifi....0 problems. It's likely just a lack of port forwarding from your router to your playstation
Wii U already did this 😂
“We all have 4K OLED tvs at this point” your experience is not universal but God I wish it was
You know when its useless when im not ineven interested in a video about it
thanks for the honest review!
Great video
This isn't a "handheld." This is a dual sense with a screen. That's all it's meant to be. Why are people acting like it's more than it is
I vastly prefer the Steam Deck... It even has most Xbox games and a nice selection of Playstation games..
GOT 2 VITURES W YOUR CODE!! SO EXCITED
If this doeant work in your home,you need to look at your wifi network. ive been using remote play flawlessly for 10 years, and this has just taken it to the next level
I use mine when I'm at my girlfriends and it works fine for me my system is at my moms and my portal is at my girlfriends it works fine for me
Ive always found PSPlay (a paid third party app) runs better on my phone then the actual remote play app from sony.
So its a worse wiiu game pad for the ps5
Please give that beautiful puppers some loving lol! He sat so patiently and gave you puppy eyes and you didnt give the scritches lol
This is why I enjoy my small Chromebook.  I can play Geforce Now/PC Game Pass on my couch.
That thing will not work on my 3rd world country. Our ISP here are really bad and expensive.
soo...its a new wii U controller but for ps5 😅
You bought it to review it and get paid by youtube for doing so 🤷
I bought one and since it came in on the 15th I've been using it every day. I love it
Your PS5 was probably downloading a game or update. It’s known to run like crap when it’s doing so. 🤷🏻‍♂️ just saying.
ugh so little potential they could have just developed a “portable ps5”
its rubbish.
Why would you buy this when you can literally just stream your PS5 or PS4 straight to the Steam Deck flawlessly?
another reviewer downplaying it , just say it's GARBAGE come on! lmao.
I see this being good for parents who have to share a tv and want to get some play sessions in in their home. I wouldn’t take this out of my house. Gonna wait for these to discount before I buy
It’s litteraly a wii U just that the game pad part released 2/3 years later
If this worked with ps+ streaming as well, and actually functioned right, it might be worth it. I can use gamepass on my phone at work and it works great, and I dont even have to have an xbox.
I bet it’s the internet problem.
random black frame at 10.20
200$ money grabber garbage
Normal consumer here, most of us do not have Oled and I'd say 4k has recently been a normal TV to have for most people.
A waste of money for me
Do those glasses work on switch
So which do you prefer the portable or the backbone or whatever if you had to pick between the two.
So it's garbage then lol
They really shouldve dropped a "PSP". Maybe slightly bigger than the regular PSP and made it caoable of streaming ps5 from anywhere with good enough wifi and similar steam deck specs.   AND WTF IS THAT PRICE WITH IT NOT BEING OLED. i refurbished Steam Deck would only be slightly more expensive  Sony needs to realize prople LOVE handhelds. How they make them though is trash. Storage fucked the VITA and price killed this portal. It should be no more than $75 more than the PS5 stock controller
Seems like this guy just has Wi-Fi issues in general. I play mine at home and at work and it plays just fine
The dog is adorable. 😍
Another thing I dont like is the price. For just a controller with Screen not even an oled its priced the same as the Switch Lite which is an actual Handheld console. So over priced.
This is just a Wii U gamepad for the PS5 😂
You made me a fan thank you for telling people the truth
Im genuinely confused at people who are upset that you cant bring this out without connection issues. Like its a controller with a screen fam idk what people expect besides dissappintment 😅
The PSP and Vita are 100x better than the portal.
Yea im not buying it should have made a vita frfr
its just a Fancy playstation controller. I was hoping Sony will compete with the handheld market again. Such a waste.
PS5iiU
Hyped for mine, no more hand cramping/big screen/can just feel cozy.
Called it in one of my videos.
I wish Sony would just bring back the PSP. I fckin loved my PSP
Staying away from this thing until it can cloud game,  use streaming media apps, and uses Bluetooth. Would rather clip my phone to a ps5 controller than drop 2 bills on this.
this tech is such garbage
This is just the nature of the beast. Your connections just aren’t very good, as I have no such issues with streaming.  Is it perfect, no, but the quality looks great and my connection is pretty good most of the time.  Your connections are a mess, which has to do with your setup more than anything. This is why the portal can’t go mainstream.  It simply is not able to fit into everyone’s environment.
I still think this thing makes no sense outside of Japan. They have the internet infrastructure to support this combined with generally smaller living spaces.   That said this thing is still a terrible product, just make a new Vita damnit.
Spiderman2, god of war 2, and FF16 will eventually come to pc. Get a steam deck oled and play it natively on that instead. Sony's not even trying with this.
There is nothing to be conflicted about it. This is a terrible product. It was a terrible idea from the start and should never have been made. It will disappoint you. Don't buy it.
I wouldn't mind paying more if it could download games like other handhelds on the market.
Based on your review it looks trash not buying it. I didn't expect Sony wants us to buy that in 2023 where there are a lot of good handhelds. Not even a real one just an extension of your ps5. Thanks for the review.
lets be real here, if you need to do remote play and need wifi, its the same thing as a cloud gaming 😅 just save your 200 dollars and get a new controller or a sony headset or 2 games this is trash ppl, very disappointing device, this reminds me of logitech g cloud whats the difference absolute nothing
Dude legit called it a PSP in the first secons of the video 😅
It works great for me. I have 1gig down an 35 upload. That's getting updated in 2024 to 1 gig.😮😮 Sometimes there like a frame skip but its not all the time. I don't notice lag either... But I'm playing in home. Iv been playing star ocean remake tho. An ff16 work great for me... performance mode motion turned off. Must be his internet
I’m wondering how many people bought one thinking they could use it independently only to realize you need the PS5. No reason for me to buy this if I need both.
Dis missed opportunity of a device would have been a lot better if it used streaming over the Wi-Fi(LAN) but no use internet only.
I still ask myself and (obviously) sony: why? Who would want this. Why would you make this? This is the most absurd project ever.
It has way better quality than my tv which goes up to 1080i.
It is by far the stupidest thing ever Wi-Fi dependable on top of it
I sent mine backs it was just lagging lol cool concept poor execution
It’s not worth the money honestly. 200 for a remote play device that can only use Sony stuff with it and is only a tool for the ecosystem that can’t be used with anything else…that’s not worth 199 + tax. These are my views especially when it legit ONLY streams games and not just mirror the console I’m in general is a TERRIBLE decision but might be due to the fact it has no processing power of its own…but is still odd
You got a lot of fingerprints on that thing already 😂😂😂
I have an 1880 p tv😂
I just use my backbone and it does relatively okay. So this’ll me a pass for me 🤷‍♀️
They should throw this Playstation NOT so "Portal" out of the window, because from what I seeit is just worth a gimmick. Instead bringing out a PSVITA 2, they went the wrong way with how it works now and your video proofs it which I thank you for that so I am saving my 200 bucks for something else...
I play mine at work with the work WiFi and I love it lol
Nah im good 😊
So for 200 bucks I can play ps5 games with worse audio and worse performance and only in the same room that my ps5 is in? Wow what a great product! I'll take two!!
Want to know if it works on it's own. ??  Can i use it as a ps5 controller? Maybe get a mini map like wii u?  Can i use it at another persons house for example or a wifi spot and turn my console on? and play whats on my ps5?  Wii u was grate. They should of made switch like that again.  Then switch got a bunch of wii ports. kinda making the wii u not worth it. Meh. I enjoyed it wile i had it. Thought it was good and responsive. Played wii games as well.  To bad it didn't work out like that. another wifi spot.
Is crazy how a lot of people on my twitter feed is loving the portal I think it comes down to your WiFi connection. Best advice is to test it with your phone before you buy a portal if you get a good remote play experience on your phone they you will with the portal. Also around 250gbs is the sweet spot apparently.
You have a Steam Deck OLED. Setup Chiaki4deck with Trackpad swipe commands. Not perfect but more reliable then Sony's official software.
It works with my cars wifi I'm going to get a portable hotspot you should try it
Is the walking dead destinies worth it?
Don't know if you mentioned it, but is your PS5 conected with an ethernet cable? Because I've used mine for over 60 hours already and never had close to your issues.  Works perfectly at home with FFXVI, and decent enough connected to my phone as a hotspot outside.
10:20 what was that?
Took em.long enough.  Finally somebody mustered up the courage to Copy Nintendos Wii U concept
So I heard you need to change PS5 to 1080p, turn off HDR, and unplug HDMI from console and that drastically improves picture quality…
PlayStation Portal is a Very expensive useless dual-sense controller
Man, I have been watching you for 3 years now. It started when pandemic happened. Time flies so fast. Deym
Disagree, $200 isn’t a good deal for this, it should have been $150 especially with that LCD Panel. idk how they overlooked the web browser issue when most public WiFi networks require you to authenticate within a captive portal
Its just like a wii u
It does exactly what they advertised, it frees up the family tv. For this use it is outstanding
More of the dog please
yeahhhhhhh streaming devices are garbage lol
Since this was announced I had a huge feeling it was essentially a wiiu gamepad (without the ability to add extra functionality to games) with maybe a little bit of stadia. We all know how amazing those products were
Awful awful product lol
Am question if I should buy it now because if I can’t play some of my games on there then what the point of. Getting it
FF16 runs absolutly perfect for me. Since Day 1
I got one as of right now, don't waste your money on it.
Still wanna get one lol, I have a separated family so I’ll use it when I’m throughout each household
How does it compare to just using remote play. I tried to play completely wired with remote play, and the latency was unbearable. Does this have some magic to make that less of an issue?
No knock on this guy everybody's going to have their personal opinion you know but I wish he would have did it more thorough review I see a lot of people on YouTube especially these days when they do a review it's very barebones they're they're not really messing with any of the options the settings.. and they just say hey this thing is good or this thing is not good and it's okay.   There's been very few videos where people actually try the device away from their home, on a hotspot through their phone or any other device, maybe in a hotel, at a airport, are them going through the settings and seeing what works best if anything..    Like I would like a nice in-depth look at this thing that I'm thinking about getting instead I have to watch multiple videos with multiple people and more than half of them don't do that and you get little bits of information from multiple people with hey man I just would like to watch your video and you might not be able to tell me everything but come on..    Again no knock on this guy I like his channel but the review was in my personal opinion and this just me kind of lackluster..  and it's not just him with this device it's a lot of people who do this..   Anyway sorry for the rant, based on the over the 20 different videos that I've watched on this thing I'm probably going to buy it but I might wait a couple months to see what software updates this thing gets especially since they came out within this week and said they are planning to integrate cloud gaming to this device..
The idea of a wide controller is appealing. I would only use it for that and don't care about the rest of it.
No issues for me. But I have 1G internet and google mesh.
Bro why you talking like your audience is 5years old?
why is it blank at 10:17? great vid and love the review
Im not sure if this is confirmed or not. But every time i see a review with Hotspot and Iphone it simple doesn't work. I have 0 issues with my Fold5. And no issues at home. It works perfectly, and know i can keep playing on work or bed.
You just gotta fix your home network man.
The way you edited this and visualized the audio and picture was awesome! Good Job Wood!
Leave it to Sony to invent the WiiU and think people would be impressed
If Sony wants to sell you a big 💩for 200$ , people will buy it until it is out of stock . This is how clever the people are those days .
Bro really said most of us have 4k tv and most of them are oled. Bro is out of touch
Can I have it? For science?
Just give us vita2 ..
Shocker. Game streaming still sucks, even in the best of times. I fully agree with people that this was made so they could go "See??? Nobody buys our handheld consoles!" and call it a day.
I think you need to fix your router, Wood. Theres lots of reviews out by now that shows it works very consistently if you have a decent router and settings are correct. If you're using the router you got from your ISP, then it's likely going to be a bad experience. A lot of people seem to think internet speed is important to use remote play, but it's entirely on the local WiFi connection when you're using it in your house. For me, it even works well on 4g hotspot in most cases. I feel like local WiFi/router quality should be mentionen in a review of a device that is solely based on that.
I have my PS5 wired with Ethernet cable & have had zero issues with the portal. My PlayStation is in my basement & the Portal plays perfectly from anywhere in the house I absolutely love it. Get an Ethernet cable !
Because your viewers actually bought it
What a terrible concept for a device. Just make a proper fully portable device Sony ffs
So you can play your PS5 "portably" if you happen to be sitting right next to your PS5. Why would you ever need that? The only possible reason would be because someone else was using the TV already. Pretty sure you could buy a small 1080p tv / monitor for $200 as a backup if that situation was to ever happen. Absolute waste of money.
Single people who don't have to worry about any kids or significant others taking up their main screen your this is probably useless for you if you're in a relationship your girl comes over and you don't want her to complain about you going into it the other room because she wants to be by your side or vice versa this is a good compromise..   There's a reason that the big joke right now is a lot of dads are buying the system...  A few tips you want better connection, if you know you're going to be using it away from home for an extended time just unhook your HDMI because it is a doing additional processing even though you're using remote play just try and you'll see what I'm talking about.  Make sure you have a ethernet connection Believe me you'll see the difference,   Again if you're playing to use this away from your home for an extended period of time turn off the HDR setting on your PS5 that will also help with video quality..
Have a 2 TB connection and I still have nothing but problems
It could be a lot of variables why the stream itself when you remote play isn't giving you great quality..  I've I went home to Florida on vacation FYI I live in Alaska and I had no problems doing remote play The video quality was on point and so was the reaction time now I wouldn't suggest playing any type of competitive games like call of duty through remote Play but any other title no issues I've also did the same thing with my backbone I just don't like the inconvenience of bringing my tablet and then having to Bluetooth a controller to it or playing on a small screen and I have a bigger phone The Note 20 ultra..     Yes there's other options but if you want an all-in-one device that does that on a bigger screen without having to Bluetooth a controller to it and it already has the built-in remote play so you don't got to mess around with Sony's official app or the other PS play remote app that I highly recommend which is 500 times better get yourself a portal..
To be honest it's a waste of money 😅 I'll just get a steam deck. The Playstation portal won't work without a ps5 like who wants to buy this ? There is a app you can just stream your ps5 games on your phone
This thing is useless!!! Bad Sony. Go to your room!
I’m having all the same problems and everybody’s telling me I am lying and I even posted a video too on YouTube
The comparison should only be vs the Wii U. And I think Wii U  wasn’t even using WiFi. I used have Wii U and I could be in another room and play no problem.
tablet/phone/windows/mac and geforce now 4080 all you need
It’s your home internet 🛜 has to be and make sure your on 5G on your WiFi at home
I played ff16 outside It worked for me. Using my phone hot spot. I was at the cheesecake factory using it while waiting for my food playing ff16 even the waitors were watching me play
:) sure you do VIEWS :D
Omg there was never hope for this why would someone approve this. And no blue tooth . Straight cash grab for Sony
Yes it needs a case and at least a window so you can connect to the wifi at Starbucks, but I also find it funny that I have the worst internet on the planet and my portal works perfectly, while all these guys on YouTube have the best internet you can imagine and they can only get their portal to work for 5 minutes. I don't know if it is irony or of there is something I am doing right that these guys are not doing. Either way it is hilarious 😂
Good move from playstation, you are basically your own steaming server. It would be cool if ps5 would connect with built in Wifi 6  with the console, instead connecting with internet only. 😮😮😮😮😮
PlayStation portable is literally the worst version of the switch/steam deck
Isn’t it just a glorified wii u?
It's $200 why people complaining about something that's $200...   It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that Sony didn't want to have the same s*** happen to their PSP and Vita all the hacking and pirating of games same reason why the being cautious releasing the ability to stream cloud..    The updates will come they came out literally within this weekend said they do plan on integrating cloud streaming..  Think about this if you can afford a $5 cup of coffee like a lot of people can every work day then in a month and a half of you not drinking coffee you buy yourself a PS Portal..   A remote played on the backbone screen is too small I remote play on my 12-in Samsung tab 8 it's inconvenient this is all in one and it's only 200 bucks..   I do hope they add a web browser cuz right now any Wi-Fi hotspot that needs need you to sign in for authentication won't work..  you either have to bring your laptop and and have your laptop copy the MAC address or buy a mobile router..
You act like nintendo switch got good graphics lmao the bias is crazy cause he keeps tryung ff16 knowing it has problems on the regular console 😂
Wii U
Oh this is so useless, you can literally just use the remote play on your smartphone. Actually there is an app that can deliver better performance than the official PS Remote Play, is called Chiaki Up is not better a 100% of the time, but is an alternative.  What Sony did, is just an embed system dedicated to streaming so you will get a better performance since you won't have a bunch of apps using internet. I even doubt this would have usage if jailbreaked, probably have a minimal setup .
well, i have to say,...i dont know your Network in any kind...for me it works well...and trust me im no PSP fan eighter...just bought it cause its a good display piece
I bought one Sony fucked up my address and they’re not fixing it just giving me a refund.  I wanted one and fully understand what it’s for.
I really wanted to buy one but there are way so many bad reviews everywhere. I will not buy one :(
Beatemups it’s your internet I stream all the time and have literally no issues and never have with streaming
If this was priced better I could see its validity. Just for the convenience of not having to slap on an accessory to a tablet and so on. But for that price I cant see how it has any reason to exist.
Mines work perfect and can’t complain at all !! Maybe y’all need better internet
I’m just gonna get a steam deck oled…
Love my backbone( funny you “forgot” what it’s called) streaming works perfect for me. Lets me play PlayStation, game pass, Xbox, mobile games. Much better in my opinion.
I could get a switch lite for $200 or cheaper and it’s a fully capable console. The portal is not a good deal, and it’s barely useful. It would need to be an absolutely flawless connection for me to even consider it.
Me and my friends got the portal, we absolutely love it. We don’t have expensive internet so idk why you’re having trouble.
Why are we in 2023 and companies like Sony can’t make streaming work well at 4k 60fps and have no bit crush it’s actually embarrassing and lazy just make stronger servers that will sort it
It’s ok.  I was able to play ESO while my gf was driving to Palmdale from LA.  I lost connection a couple times and it froze but overall it worked well with my iPhones’ hotspot.  I got MetroPCS.   When i hooked it to my nephews home internet it started to lag.  Mind you we were in the garage and I don’t think his wifi goes that far.  At home i got spectrum , and had to put it on 2g instead of 5g cause of lag.  Idk why but it works better that way for me.  It’s a love hate relationship with this device.  Mostly love haha
Mine arrived and so far is terrible ;(
It's so weird that you had so much trouble. My sister was able to connect without any issues from my house, 28 miles from her PS5.
Lmao!!!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣 Glad I didn’t get this one I knew this is going to be FAILURE I’ll stick with my Steam Deck and my Switch they need to make a Ps Vita 2 instead of wasting their time making this PlayStation Portal
The only reason I am getting one is the price....I paid $100 for the Backbone so ill give the $200 Portal a try..
Disappointing in that it doesn’t fully offer the same functionality as the PS5 in that you can’t use the streaming apps and that it’s also locked to the main account so if you have  kids etc with their own login they can’t switch to them on the device - otherwise I’m happy with what I got but really hoping the above get fixed on updates
As far as I’m concerned, I have my Steam Deck, I have Chikai, and I’m all good. PS Portal is dumb. Sure, screen’s cool, but even the Logitech G Cloud is better than this, as it can still play other games.
so this isnt a PSP its just a PS5 Portable XD
Seems like it works the same as streaming to an iPad mini you can’t connect unless your really close to the ps5 I’ve tried to connect to ps5 away from home bed to got was about 2-3 miles away and it was bit crushed most of the time and didn’t stay connected long
So it's like a worse WiiU pad ... in 2023. cool.
You saved me 240 euro. Thanks!
Most peoples tv are definitely not oled. Maybe 4k
i wonder what router do you have. is it the one the ISP probides? you dont need high speeds for this to work. but you do need a good router. people underestimate how important routers are. i dont have the fastest wifi, but i do have a really good mesh system that i got because i build a smart home with switches, bulbs and a bunch of othe stuff, for this reason i needed really good wifi evrywhere in my home so i have a nice wifi mesh system. and my portal works flawlesly in my house, literally everywhere.
It amazes me how for some users the experience is nothing but great and for some just horrendous. Even with a 5G hot spot. I start to think that maybe it's a hardware issue on certain devices.
Sounds like a quick release to cash in on the popularity of handhelds but was I think they missed the mark with what could have been done. Plus it just looks god awful like what were  the Sony execs thinking bro lol.
The thing sucks, just say it. It wasn't portable it was just a PS5 extension. It's cheap because it's cheap and doesn't work well, you don't have to try and sell it, Sony didn't.
This is the dumbest product ever released when Sony  could have just given people the Vita's successor.
So you got crappy WiFi coverage in your house or possibly other issues… Got it
Very progressive of Sony to pay homage to the Wii U
I would buy one for a hundred bucks.
@10:38 the audio distortions can hurt ur ears if ur wearing in-ear headphones at a higher vol.
You already need a PS5 for this to be a consideration, that alone was a turn-off for me as someone who hasn't had a PlayStation console since the VITA. Paired with he fact that you can only stream games (no Netflix or whatnot), and not have at least one title digitally available on the handheld is pretty much a fail out of the gate, in my opinion. Also, no Bluetooth? I thought this was supposed to be technologically superior to the Switch? I will always lobby for optional wired sound when it comes to handheld tech, but Bluetooth seems like a no-brainer nowadays.
It’s strange because there’s a lot of user testimony on Reddit saying it’s been flawless. Particularly when the ps5 is connected via ethernet.
It’s not worth it
I wanted a portal when they were introduced. After watching this and RGTs video on it, I’m definitely going to pass
I don’t like this handheld because what I think of handheld I can play with it outside like if I am in a trip or plane ride like I wouldn’t leave my PlayStation on while i am out
The boldness that Sony asks for 700 dollars for playing PS5 games, always online "on the go" but actually at your bedroom, and even that's doesn't work properly is probably the worst thing they have done on the ps5 era.
PS Portal just a modern version of Wii U Gamepad because both streaming & playing from main console
I was so on the fence about getting one as I would love to play PS5 games anywhere but was wondering if I would have issues as again I have had issues with the backbone.   I thought the portal would be more reliable but seeing your video on this I am definitely not sold on it and think I will pass and just take my switch with me.
I'm so sad, I really wanted to believe in this when it was announced and I was super excited for the possibilities, namely playing my PS5 at work during lunch.    But it just doesn't seam stable yet and it makes me sad.
It’s perfect for me , works well for me so PlayStation portal 10/10 egg salad
Hay Woods you need to set your ps5 to 1080p then it should clear up on your ps portal
So basically, Sony said “Let’s make the Wii U” but worse, because you can’t pop a disc in to play a game directly when your signal inevitably fails at some point, or when you go into another room. Cool.
My Portal has been very good, you guys need to adjust setting in the PS5 for it to work very good. Settings I adjusted was turning off HDR, put my resolution to 1080p from 4K then unplugged the HDMI cable from the PS5 and I’m also wired to my PS5 and doing all this made my Portal work flawlessly! I haven’t even seen a lost connection or connecting like nothing also no lag and screen looks awesome very clear…adjust these setting and your playing experience on the portal will be much better!
So we don't have to?
Did someone at Sony play a wii u and was like.....that's a great idea!!!!???
Dude you must have been doing something wrong if you were having issues with 1gb internet speeds. I’d recommend using a 5ghz band not 2.4hgz. You shouldn’t be having issues with 1gb internet speeds. I have crappy internet I only got 15mb speeds and I was able to game pretty nicely.
I really like mine, works great to I get basically no lag (although I've never been sensitive to lag). I don't have a second tv so it's just easy to grab this and stay on the couch while the wife or kids have the tv. But I do hope they make the Vita 2 next.
Nobody should buy this shiz.
so worse than a wii u then ps i wz 1 of the few who likes the wii u
Why not just make a new PS Portable combined with remote play to connect that they were trying to go for with this PSportal. I guess trying to make different PS5 versions is taking up too much of Sony's time....
It's a $200 paperweight
This is basically the Wii U gamepad
aka hot garbage item from Sony
Im gonna get one and let it collect dust next to my switch
Love ur channel but this device is working super well on my internet. Spider man runs so smooth and crystal clear . I also only have my ps5 Xbox and my phone connected to the internet . I’d also disconnect the hdmi from the ps5 for every better performance
It's great for all the same reasons as the wii U. Good screen you can play instead of the TV. Doesn't work unless you're 20 ft from the cpnsole
Kinda sounds like a worse Wii U
Wood so rich now he thinks regular people can afford an OLED TV lol
10:17 WTF lmao bro got silenced by the heavens
Its $200 e-waste its useless outside the house
big ol piece of 200 dollar garbage....
Still like that Sony made the Wii U
200 was the price of the Vita tho
This thing is pretty cool, I picked one up back in July for 100$ but it for some reason was called a backbone and used my phone as the screen, weird.
it is funny ps5 is just now getting this as on windows if you knew how to setup RDC you can replay from your pc
Oh, look! Sony comes out with something else super redundant 😂
Please do a PS Portal burn-in test by putting this device inside a running stove.  Thank you for the video! :)
What a waste of development time
A $200 remote play device is such a ripoff when you can get a PS controller attachment for your phone...and download remote play on it...
Love your reviews man. I want to buy the PS5 but I don’t think I’d buy the Portal and after seeing your review it sold me on not buying the Portal. But nonetheless keep up the good content.
I’m gonna buy one but not a ps5 as a form of boycott.
You probably had something installing in the background using up system resources. Try using the portal after insuring you don’t have any updates installing in the background
With all the dedicated handheld gaming pc’s available; sony should have made their own version of a steam deck or ROG ally. With some compromises in graphical fidelity being able to literally play most* if not all* PlayStation titles portably. Perhaps in a different universe Sony made a True PlayStation Portable successor that was price competitive with other handhelds available on the market.
Complete waste of money, the worst handheld ever
i mean...i know wood's one of THE switch guys around who are awesome and would give anything a try at least once, but a new guy might pause half way through and angrily comment that he's such a shill...
I think Sony is making bad decisions on the long term... 1) They decide to release their exclusives for PC, it's good for me, cause i have a decent PC, so now i will not buy their console... 2) The not so slim release, that can be more expensive then the original if you pick the driver version and the stand. 3) Now this Portal thing. If they released the Portal like an Switch, independent hardware, or maybe an PSP 2... But this... 4) Last, the VR, this still is something too niched... Not something that everyone buys, i'm not saying that isn't cool, just that in terms of market it's not a hit. So that is it... A lot of investiment could be focused on creating new games, or maybe a really more budget slim, but that's what they have, and that's also why i am looking for the Nintendo stuff lately
$200 down the drain
I might get less work done, but at least I'll get some play time in on all those expensive games i bought that i still haven't played, lol
I'm getting one, because I'll get more play time in since I'm outside all the time, but I'm outside working on the property where i live, and where my PS5 is at, so it should work out great for me
Again it's also just an accessory if it were a purely cloud streaming straight to PSN and your account it'd be great but you also gotta buy a PS5 so it's 800 in totality plus games
Oled is just not a big deal most people don’t have tvs with that because you really can’t notice much difference we all have 4k tvs yes but not necessarily oled as there not cheap and honestly not that worth it
Not the playstation portable, the playstation portal. As in, a portal from your PS5 to the handheld screen
Its basically a $200 remoteplay device, which is still to this date inconsistent as heck, even if u have strong internet.
thank you for this video! I won't be wasting my money lol I was actually really excited about it, but not excited to throw money away. I'd just get fireworks if I wanted to do that. At least I wouldn't get frustrated seeing my money burn!
this is what the Wii u should have been. an add on, not something you need to buy
Sony's problem was never hardware. It was always software. PS remote play software is HORRIBLE. The fact that Chiaki exists makes this obsolete. There's even an app for apple store that streams better than Ps remote play.
some nice spliced audio for the glasses ad ;) the glasses do look cool though!
If your ps5 was running on WiFi as well that would be the answer to all your lag issues. I’ve played everywhere with my portal so far and I’ve had no issues and I have fiber at home as well. I have my ps5 connected via Ethernet cable and I see little no issues with lag when I’m connected to it no matter where I’ve been.
But Why?!
I love my portal, i don't get the hate
If they would at least have Google Play Store. So you could run any Emulator also. I would definitely get it. But a Streaming Controller Console Only. It's not worth $200. $49.99 maybe but that's it.
gta 6 , map and your mobile can be on the monitor, it's cool
The speakers on my were really loud. Maybe you got a dud?
It kinds makes me happy to see that this thing fails to deliver on it's already very small promises. Sony should have made a real handheld or at least give the Portal access to other streaming services. Dead on arrival.
IGN review: 8/10 when it works in perfect conditions, calm wind, no cloudy skies, and home temperature set to 69F.
It's not a "dedicated" anything, dude. That's not what dedicated means. It's just an accessory.
An @IGN gave this an 8 🤣🤣🤣
I bet he hates it
Yikes
This could have been great.
The only way id consider this thing is if it got cracked open for homebrew and wasn't awful😂
In my opinion, the PlayStation Portal is the most useless accessory Sony released this generation. Won't buy it even for 100$.
It's not bad It's terrible
People knew about the limitations and it sold out. I can promise you that if Microsoft did the same thing, people would drooling
Why didnt they use the same technology the WII U used for streaming to their controller with screen ? Isnt that better with no lag ?
It looks to me the portability ends after 10 feet. So... look at the tv and play there at that point... ? To me it looks a complete waste of money.
I'll skip this
Doesnt it directly connect to PS5s wifi bypassing any router?
Anyone else try to “resync” their video at 1:35 ?😂
Like I told another Youtuber, "That's the STUPIDEST thing Sony's ever come out with! You got ripped off!" You said, "Portable" Seriously?! Nope, NOT Portable. You basically just bought Sony's version of a Wii U. Y'all just keep flushing money down Sony's toilet. But, then again, you're a Youtuber, so you have money to flush away, unlike us "regular folks".
One of reason why i dislike it was the streaming quality like you mention.
I have one I haven’t open it yet because is my Christmas present from my wife 😂
Upgrade your connections frfr in stop hating on ps portal….
The portal is more for people that have to share their main tv.  It’s definitely not for the general public. :/
This is just a Nintendo Wii U Gamepad but for a PlayStation 5
I can tell you why you spent 200 so you could make a video in which you will make ad revenue off of.... Not hating but get a better job lame influencer
It's a Wii U with extra steps
Why would anyone buy a cutting edge PS5 with 4k HDR 60FPS then willingly play their games on a piece of garbage like this? The only good thing about it is that it cost me £199 and within a day I realised it was truly awful and managed to sell it for £260. My Steamdeck is in no danger whatsoever, neither is my Switch
2:27 be like "hold power for 10 minutes 😂😂😂😂
Because you have too much money, earned by putting stupid sponsers in your video, that's why.
Brother i dont even got a ps5 lmao. Considering everything i can do on my steamdeck this is hardly worth. Glad i supported woods videos at least though. Love to see him do so well now hes made it big babyyy! Keep killin it brother.
"things usually go relatively smoothly" cut to bursting a Switch battery with a screwdriver
What where they thinking? Nintendo already did this. Now we have gamepad but worse and you have to buy it extra. This thing costs more than 3 second hand wii u's
who thought that the portal was a hand held at first then realised it was a streaming device  👇
maybe with some of updates it will be better what do you guys think ?
Don't forget the Scalpers Lol
My ADHD loves this, I have issues with concentration and I can focus better if I have a second monitor. This will help me to play my ps5 and have the tv on in the background for when I can't concentrate
As a Sony Playstation fan boy who never ever had any xbox system at all in his entire life, I say this is the dumbest Sony Playstation product ever made, and you are so fuckijg dumb if you spent any money on this thing.
Absolutely will not be getting this. Now if it were something like the steam deck than absolutely but for me streaming devices are hot garbage. Download and play without WiFi or bust. Steam deck Oled currently on the way.
You get better experience stream gamepass on you Mobil network then local stream from ps5 😅 But at least it was not so expensive.
xcloud lets you stream games from your xbox series x to your phone and you can use your xbox controller with your phone
For what you’re getting, $200 isn’t “low”. This shouldn’t cost more than $100.
this would have been pretty awesome about 5 or 6 years ago, back when i used android to remote play the ps4
Wait it says to enable HDCP to stream. It usually says to do that even for capture cards. Did you try that?
This is just a bad version of the Wii U, and you cannot make games for it, and you cannot make dual screen games for it.
Should have had at least 500 GB storage and a slot for an SD card for additional storage so you could download PS3 and earlier games from the PS store.
Mine works fine surprisingly and I knew exactly what I was buying. Really don’t get how people don’t know what they are buying!? My internet is not the best either 150 down 50 up. No chance I’m playing it in a coffee shop etc...but works in my bed and living room which is perfect for me.
As a deck owner who uses steam link sometimes, I don't understand how the quality gets so bad my internet is fast but it's not that fast.  This makes me appreciate steam link even more
Its like the wii u    Bad😢😢😢
The Switch wins again 😂
upgrade your home network and then test it. otherwise you're wasting our time
Yeah, wasn’t working very well on my more than good internet setup, tried everything! But the micro stuttering is killing it for me. Its to unstable! You can have perfect internet! But if there is to much interference from other modems and routers its just not very reliable.. thats why for me streaming has no future.. for gaming you need an incredibly stable experience.. and this is just hit or miss.. for some it works great! (Good for them) some dont see the stuttering! (Good for them) but me and my colleagues send it back! We all have amazing internet and enough  experience in tweaking our connections! But its just to unstable for my liking. And i also feel even for 200 bucks they could have easily put in some functionality to make it more useful.. its to bare bones even for 200 bucks.. a direct ps5 link would have been perfect! And ofcourse ps plus streaming access. Also the haptics and rumble on the portal is way less then on the controller.. i geus they did that to conserve battery.. but kinda strange they did that
I have seen soooo many commercials for this thing and I've just been like... Meh not for me. Super lame! I see no point in this. I also expect it to be full of lag and glitches! This video confirmed to me that getting this thing is a complete waste of money.
Dude your net work is trash. I have spectrum and it's trash but I had no issues from modem in the basement walking up and down a 3 floor house and even deriectly out side the house using the same wifi network. The biggest issue with the portal your existing wifi, also it works on my phone Hotspot. I'm not sure why other ppl are have such bad experiences when I've been using it on a 400mps , 72mps and 44mps networks with no issues. Only constant disconnect I got was when my son was using it on the highway.😂 starting to think reviewers cap alot and u have a fiber network so I'm confused at your results. Maybe in some time Sony with revision this with internal memory and a "storefront app store" and the ability to buy licenses of games to play them directly on a handheld it's not like Sony can't drop a steamdeck powered device or a z1 into a portal formfactor 😂
This makes me sad.... I would atleast have expected it works well consistently in the home.
Man I don’t have any of these issues on my unit. It works great everywhere in my house (I have a TP Link XE75 mesh WiFi system and AT&T gigabit fiber). It’s also worked well for me tethered to my phone’s 5G and at family member’s houses.   This is a real “your mileage may vary” device it seems.
Nintendo 11 years ago…..
I know i'll get some hate with this but I think people forget the fact that even though Sony sold 80 mil units of the psp they lost ALOT of money to people hacking it and pirating games.  You guys think they want to make the same mistake again.  The PS3 Lauched when it came out had the ability to run Linux then removed it because the same thing started happening to the PS3. I'm not saying its right that this thing isn't more multi functional,  but from a business standpoint I understand their caution to an extent.   It's been 3+ years since the ps5 launch and it still doesn't have a main web browser and it's probably not going to get one..  They came out this week and said they do plan on adding the ability to cloud stream on the device but they basically want to be careful, ya'll already know this is another sign of them wanting to be careful.    They don't want THEIR device being hacked or being used to pirate games or movies.      The reason for no Bluetooth is easy for anyone to see, they want you to you use their   proprietary device.  SAME REASON psp had their own memory card and special  charging cable.  Can't say I blame them if the portal had all the abilities the psp had I'd probably hack it myself.  Apple was doing crap like this for years( and still are) and people still buy their stuff.  Think about it up until their new just released IPHONE 15 they were still using lightning cables, it took the EU lawsuit to jump in and force Apple to switch to using USB-C for all their products.
As a fan of PlayStation, this is the WORST thing Sony has put out. I have to wonder if this was one the reasons Jim Ryan is being let go.
So it’s basically a Wii U lol
Looks like you have wifi issue. Better invest with power line and access point.
Sounds like Sony dropped a stinker
At this point I think all of you YouTubers just got the same talking points. how are y'all going to say the exact same thing over and over and over again. It is not a handheld gaming system. it was never supposed to be a handheld gaming system. it's not going to be a handheld gaming system. Will all of you please shut up about a handheld gaming system. I'm no fanboy but this is just getting tiresome.
So it’s a Wii U?
This one hurt my soul
SONY moment.
You spent $200 on a streaming device you will never use. So what? You have enough money.
So basically Sony made a less functional Wii U
This device could have been a new PS Vita or a next-gen portable masterpiece, but in this state, this is just a really limited streaming device, nothing more. I really wish at least they would add more of a controler-based approach to this, like streaming a map to the controller for GTA 5 or adding telemetry details from Gran Turismo 7.
I’m not a somy person but the only console Iv owned was the psp and vita I wish this was like that I wouldn’t have bought it but who wants to buy a ps5 then this lol
Good they dont even bother to launch such things in any other country.....they know that americans have lots of dollar to waste on( I literally find many "DADS" justifying the use case for this device)....
Hackers start your engine!!
you need to have PS5 to play this, so basically is for people who had already a PS5 so it’s not worth
I ams sure that Sony can go to Steam way of streaming it to your phone but they choose this way instead..
why is there a airplane mode??? genuinely confused cause doesnt this need to be connected the whole time
😂 why is everyone crying and complaining about a device they didn't intend to buy. If it ain't for you then why try to convince me not to buy one lol this is the ps5 new dad edition...most of they guys who done have kids are the ones trying to say it's pointless. If the ps5 back bone is the standard for mobile controllers then the portal is the elite version of a ps5 remote play. I like it its comfortable but it's redundant if u already bought a backbone or if u use chiaki on steamdeck, rog ally, or switch cfw
"Only works 50% of the time, with bad audio. You'll like it"
WOW I was a huge fan of their old handled and still think it looked amazing even till today. But from what you showed us (thank you for that) I honestly couldn't get one off these. I might consider it if it was $50 but for how it performs and with so much competition and the fact the switch has oled it's just a no go for me which is a huge shame as I would have loved to use this around the house or if I where staying away somewhere
all the poor parant's who buy this for there kids not knowing they also need a PS5 to run it 😪
I really hope that one day we get to the point where there aren't as many power improvements in consoles from generation to generation. This would make it easier to follow the path that Nintendo took by combining home and portable consoles into one.
I have one and my experience with it has been very different, it has been like your god of war experience but with anything I’ve thrown to it… weird, so yes I find it fantastic.
Y'all lost me at LCD.
Because you need content to monetize?
I have my switch that's enough lol
Why do peopel keep comparing this to the likes of the Steam Deck. Its a controller with a screen, nothing more, nothing less. Ive played more PS5 over the past week than i ever have, and thats due to not needing to give up the TV to the kids. Not every thing needs to be for everyone.
Not even run emulators any handheld console is better even your phone
It's the Wii U PS5
A piece of shiat.console
This is designed for folks who dont grt enough time to a monitor/tv every time they want to play.  I will likely put my switch down for a long time now i can play my ps5 reasonably well on this
Like someone else commented, I can't help but wonder how the Wii U knocked "portable" play out of park with their gamepad but this thing works like you showed. Honestly, that's been my biggest frustration with a lot of streaming play on just about any device anywhere. I've got a solid mesh network that gets less than 25 ms ping and 800 up and down literally everywhere I've run speed tests on any device. With current devices and wifi networking, I can't help but feel like we're quite a ways from streaming gaming feeling anywhere near as good and/or consistent as console/local gaming like straight on a PS5 or Switch or Steamdeck.
Pointless
mmm yeah and no it just a really costly WII U sony just showing how not creative they are
They should of made the controller detachable like the switch. You have to replace the whole device when you get stick drift in a few months
For 200$, just buy a switch lite or save for a Steam deck. This literally exists to solve the issues that come with having your PS5 hooked up to a TV that is shared amongst multiple people or not having one at all. But there are cheaper solutions to that that don't require buying a new gadget.
That thing is pointless and a rip off, if it could be used like a oled offline and take it anywhere on the go it would probably beat the oled but of course sony would drop the ball again and I'm sure so many people are gonna buy it allowing sony to rape them SMH
Legally they're not allowed to let you stream video from the PS5 to the device. If the streaming company hasn't made a native app for that device then you can't use it. Same way you can't use Screen Share to stream video to another person on their PlayStation, you can stream your gameplay but you can't stream video, this is because of the stream license giving from the platform you trying to stream, not because Sony just won't let you.
Sonys r&d department are on the strong stuff with this one.
This make no sense waste of money
A fitting conclusion to the worst Sony president ever.
damn. FF16 is running like pokemon SV on that thing
I love my portal, I haven’t had any real issues with connectivity. The only thing I can complain about is the touchpad stuff. Since it’s now on the screen and not a physical button it’s really hard to figure out how to work it for certain games
Starting yhe video with "PLAYSTATION PORTABLE" triggered me haha.
Itll make more sense when you have kids.
Literally selling latency as a feature 😭😭
This was the honest video that i was waiting about the PS portal, i have been using remote play for years and it never works as good as the wii u.
They really should have tried again for something like the Vita. I think it just came out ahead of it's time. I loved mine when I had it. Too bad someone stole it lol.
It blew my mind seeing how many people disliking, hating, complaining bout this portal...... this $200 device literally allow me to continue playing while im pooping (which will take around 40 min lol), i can get an extra 30min to 1 hour to play in bed before i actually fell asleep, when im chilling in the basement, garage, back yard, it even allow me to play in my other familys house, like literally........  And nooooo im not gonna play this thing using a HOTSPOT from my phone, NEVERRR... will never need to borrow wifi from coffee spot as well....  For my need, this device is a steal.. once again it is just me.. peace out
Has not lagged for me yet been like actually emotionally happy with it, always used remote play cause i had to but it wasnt the best with a phone and controller there are a lot of issues with long play when playing like that, and the PS Portal fixed all of it! Audio is also good if youre at home but if youre out somewhere then of course youre gonna enjoy headphones more I wonder if there are just faulty hardware units all over the place and thats why it doesn't work that well for others? Or maybe a PS5 in a basement messes with the signal it sends out to the device? I really dont know since your Internet speeds are like 80x better than what you need for a really enjoyable connection
i can literally do that for free on my Steam Deck
I've been wanting that Playstation what's it called, maybe I'll just get that.
@BeatEmUps So it sounds like the Wii U gamepad that used to piss me off losing connection all the time unless I was like right next to it
I would buy a portal except I have a lot of experience with remote play on my iPad and I seldom have a fluid experience.  Also not having native play ability for games you buy as digital is a deal breaker for me.
I was on the fence about one of these as wife always takes over the tv.  Might have to go steam deck OLED after watching this review
Every console has to go through a WiiU phase I guess.
You may have 1gbps internet connection to your house but i suspect your wifi quality is poor, especially if you're saying its fine when in the same room as your router (it has no bearing how far it is from the console). A basement really isnt a great place for a router, maybe invest in a decent mesh kit like Unifi and I'm pretty sure you'd have a better experience 👌🏻
Thanks for the review. Im now convinced not to buy it. Not wasting my money on this one.
Man .. this guy's voice is irritating.
Best thing about this video was the surprise guest appearance by your pupper! We have a Burnese Mountain Dog as well and they are absolutely delightful :D Good video as always Wood and keep it up.
If it worked great I’d be tempted, but that looks just as garbage as doing it on your phone
Not to mention it'll give you a case of bad posture.
I wanted a Ps5 Handheld, but this ain't it. Hopefully Sony hears it's fans and gives us a better version of this that doesn't rely on streaming
Wii U vibes but not going to lie might still get it lol
I'm assuming that the hdcp error for other apps, you tested with HDCP enabled and it either then wouldn't connect or still wouldn't work...
PSP could also stream from your PS3, but only worked with PS1 games outside of a few exceptions.
Seems to me that they could have a way for you to sign your account in and play the games attached to your account, other than that it’s like the Wii U game pad but worse
"Most of us have 4K TVs, probably OLEDs." -what planet are you on?
One of my media professors told me, "bad video is easier to forgive than bad audio."
So basically is ps3 remote play 2.0
At the very minimum they should’ve allowed PS1 & PS2 games to be store and played locally on the Portal for those instances when you’re out & about and don’t have perfect low latency Wi-Fi (Most of the time).   This is a gimmicky device that Sony will forget about in <1 year.
What a waste 🤣 buy a switch 👍🏽 Sony have dropped the ball big time 🙄💯
That sucks this sounds like a useless 200 accessory
Big fan bro please keep doing what you’re doing cuz knowing that you’re willing to go thru the struggle of trash stuff helps us lol I’m joking but really keep doing you’re thing bro you and your wife God Bless
People complaining and comparing this to a Nintendo console. This is a streaming accessory not a console this device is doing great so far
its so fuglly , its useless ....just why???? AND woods....only .."ONLY" 199 for a freaking screen that can easilz be replaced by cheaper better screen quality tablet....THATS freaking insane!!!!
This thing is sold out everywhere so....
I'm sorry but if it massively fails at being a handheld then it has failed. You can go to a thrift shop and grab a 2nd TV to completely make this piece of crap pointless. If it can't play games on the go then nothing else matters 1/10
I love my portal.  I have yet to have any issues and it’s super smooth.  Ethernet connected to console and I have gigabit at home.
Pretty sure you can only stream games on the remote play app. Don't know why people thought this would be different. 13:42   $200 a good price fir something that works 15% of the time? WHAT?
200 dollars of e-waste
It's £200 in UK for technical an accessory, a 8inch LED screen sandwich between a controller 😂🤣
Nobody in their right minds will buy this, and a quick question to Sony who ask for this😂
i will judge and look down on anybody who buys this lmao
It’s the Wii U of PS5!
You shouldn't be surprised this device is priced the way it is... it is a very bare bones device that does just one thing decent, but people ask for other features essentially asking this be a dedicated tablet computer than just a streaming device
I can absolutely promise you less than 5% of people have OLED TV's haha
Seems like more connection issues than anything.
For what it’s worth (not much with the loud minority against the Portal), been playing lots of Spider-Man 2 and Remnant 2 and it’s been great.  At home, at a Boba cafe, at friend’s home using their Wi-Fi.   Stellar performance, no stutters, 60 FPS 👍  (edit: the audio DOES suck in loud environments, but would be fine with headphones)
It's odd because I've had mine since launch and have been using it almost every day, in and outside of the house, and have had zero issues. No lost or weak connection. The only issue I have had came from the PS5 itself. When in rest mode, it refuses to consistently turn on via remote play. Sometimes, I have to reconnect upwards of 10 times before it actually wakes. Never had the issue with the PS4. And I've tried everything to get it to work shy of a factory reset.
My Vita was able to remote play my PS4 Pro from 2 states away over hotspot better than this PoS can remote play a PS5 from the same building...
Thank you I was on the fence but I’ll wait for the price drop
instead of split screen when your playing co-op would be nice to just have an option for the other player to use the portal as their own screen yk
I get really bad motion sickness when I play 3D games on the tv with the PS5, which often means I have to play lower res versions of the same game on my switch instead. So this is perfect! Even though I'll have to play it with my ps5 close by :DD Very happy they did this! Hope it gets even better in the future.
Sony should’ve just called it the PS U
Nintendo is better
Tbh the design for this handheld so questionable it's just PS5 controller just split into half and then put phone at the middle look back then they really make unique design for psp and psvita but now they really no idea what they making and say you know what we can do better than steam deck at least steam deck has they own design other than just split into half controller same switch do more cool stuff and has motion control and the worst part for this handheld is just for streaming only and you need connect to your PS5 I thought this portable suppose you know play on the go not playing in your house
My experience fortunately has been a little better. I have AT&T Fiber 1000, the fastest plan possible. It’s great when I’m downstairs where my PS5 is plugged in directly to my router. Quality drops a little when I go upstairs to my room. Still very playable but noticeable.   I work remotely from my parent’s house during the week so they can watch my daughter while I work. So I took it over there and the experience was great, same quality as if I was at my house, and their internet speed is just a tier slower than mine (800mbps).   Having a newborn I can’t sit in front of my PS5 as often as I used to so it is useful for people like me.
It's weird that you are having issues at 1000 down and 1000 up internet. I have 400 down and 10 up it works perfectly fine. I have hiccups here and there but games are 100% playable
This thing looks useless for people who do not have kids, however when your 85in Samsung tv is constantly streaming Ms. Rachel this thing looks amazing.
Cough cough.....Wii U gimmick
a waste of money
If someone could hack it and get AOSP on it, it might be the best portable emulation device on the market just because of the quality of the screen and controller.
Terrible product, Sony laundering money I swear
Such a useless device lol. Wish we got a real handheld
Who tf will buy this is my question? 😂
I dont understand the concept of of this product, made to take your games on the go portability, but it only really works in the same room as your PS5 ???
There are about a million reviews of the psp and you get the impression that Spiderman is the only game that people play on their ps5. Refreshing to see something else being played
Not worth it
You know it’s not good when the reaction to the box was more enthusiastic than the actual console 💀
I bought mines and I enjoy mines I have a gig speed of internet so I literally have no lag issues at all I also have a steam deck but it gonna collect dust now especially since the fact the 70% of the games on steam deck is unsupported
Is it out of sale or something because now i see it listed $250-$500 and I never planned don buying it in the first place. It is by far the worst thing Sony has done, I mean what is with them, the PS5 Slim is also a laughable mistake.
This is a cool toy until you realize it needs a wifi connection, a PS5 to pair it with, and the Nintendo switch already exists
Cos Sony made so much money from Ps4 +5 they feel they can laugh at the consumer and produce turd products like this. Well Steamdeck, Asus, Lenovo and Switch will remain my go to handhelds - just cos they work and no need to waste energy like keeping a Ps5 on to stream. Isn't this the opposite of saving energy and being green🤔 forwards but backwards thinking?
PS5 transforming into Wii U for an extra 200 bucks, hilarious.
Thanks for saving me £200.  Why aren't other reviewers experiencing the same lag/bit-crush issues as you?  Why did the Wii U work so well and this doesn't?
This device is literally meant for like the 2% of ps5 owners. People whose tvs are always occupied by someone else.
I know why, to make this video.
Sorry to be that guy but you probably bought it because $200 is a drop in the ocean for you 😂
So what you're telling me is to go buy a Nintendo switch or a steam deck
Hi
Should've used a samsung
I can't wait for people to figure out how to hack this thing, install android and a few emulators (probably nothing greater than PS1), and make this an actual usable product. I live in an area of the US where internet connectivity is relatively limited (50Mbps down, 2Mbps up), and I'm certain that this handheld wouldn't be able to manage anything for more than 10 seconds before disconnecting.
I can't believe they missed an opportunity. They should of copied the switch.
Nice video!
"We all have 4k TV's at this point" ahhhh yes...we all..have one...yes..
As a parent, i think i can have so good use for it, and i know i can do it on my phone, but i can use my phone for something else. It is good to get it on and play some ps5 games while in the toilet or 30 minutes before bed.
Apparently this thing doesn’t have a browser. So if you plan to play this thing in public wi-fis, you can't play it. 😂
It works pretty well for me I hear a lot of complaints about lag and connection but i don’t have that problem. A lot of people are mad that it doesn’t play games natively and to be fair Sony never advertised it that way. I wouldn’t buy a second one unless we can eventually hack it and turn it into an emulation station if that’s even possible.
Sell it to me then
This is my first time here and that power button scene was rough 😂.
2023's Wii U gamepad?
The only thing that the Portal did for me, was make me realize that I could remote play my PS5 to my Steam Deck 😂
I had the same problem figuring out how to start it LOL.  I kept holding the PS button down instead of finding the power button.  I like the premise but the execution isn’t the greatest so far.  I keep getting disconnected.  My main problem though is with the big center button on the regular controller.  I’m playing Jedi survivor and use the trackpad button all the time to open the map.  I don’t know how to use it on this.  There’s no center trackpad and when I use the touchscreen on the portal 2 squares open up at the bottom.  I click those thinking they were the trackpads but nothing happened.  Anyway, I’m going to keep trying and hope it gets better with updates.  If it worked flawlessly I’d love it.
Love mine. Played spiderman 2 with out issue.
How is ps remote play through Steam deck?
It's 100% trash 😂
I’m gonna love my PS5 wii u gamepad
This is SONY Wii U
That's strange, i used my portal already up to 40 hours and i had no problems. Also my internet is god but not the best: 300 download, 40 upload. The picture was always perfect on 1080p with 60fps and no drops. Also i had no issues with the audio and i can't notice any lag. It works perfect and it's the first time i really love the remote play. (I tried a lot of devices and apps) The only explanation for the issues in the video is for me, that there was an automatic updates on the PS5 or some other devices at this time. I have disabled on every device i have the automatic updates.
Things I wish you could test next time: comparing streaming on the Portal vs a phone (same games same connection), AND the range from the console compared to the Wii U gamepad
I love mine have no problem for optimum game experience. You should wire your PlayStation 5 to the Internet.
Yeah...I have been hard press to understand how this was supposed to be a good thing for Sony. I have always had issues with remote play and never got a solid and stable connection, even in my home. You just confirmed to me that there is no reason to own this device.
If this was priced at $100 then I wouldn't really complain. But $200 and missing important features is kinda wild to me.
PlayStations version of the Wii U
Sony really did just ask people to pay 200 bucks to use their ps5 at home
That’s why they made the PlayStation portal into a streaming device because they didn’t want it to affect the PlayStation 5 sales.
I guarantee Sony will enable Cloud game streaming on this. They just haven't yet as their cloud service isn't ideal at the moment. But there's zero technical reason why the Portal can't fulfil that capability  Similarly I'd expect them to allow Netflix etc on it - again no technical reason why they wouldn't  I think they've made a decision to get-to-market first, and build on functionality later. They knew a certain demographic of people will buy it as it is - and that's the more casual gamer. Not those who'd be in the market for a Steam deck
Have the portal and can't say enough how good it runs, home on the road or at work I does work very good for me.
I hate the thing bro. Even if it worked flawlessly I don’t get the reason to get this thing. If it could somehow turn on my PlayStation and stream it to the handheld even if I’m not on the same network then I would kind of get it. Otherwise to me it’s just a controller they cut in half and slapped a screen in the middle. Also, I have amazing wifi but getting it to work on my phone or anything else is super hot or miss. Not worth it in any way imo.
Streaming 🤮 Waste of money
We're you lagging when talking about the lag lol wtf am I tripping
Love mine
That way they don’t have to worry about it affecting the sales of the PlayStation 6.
When you’ve listened to Nontendo before this and hear Wood say if, should and hope 😂
Just resold one for 275 😂
Mine works just fine tbh. Its crazy seeing the negative reviews ive been enjoying mine around the house.
i hate how many times i was trolled by the editor, just shows how crappy my setup is T-T
The ol not click bait. lol
INSTANTLY frustrated when you did the laggy and pixelated thing. got me for a second, before realizing it was a bit.
Long summary: it just a psvita that work only if u are atleast within 10 meter radius between Ur console   Short summary: it's a scam
Are you saying its streaming quality is better than remote play on a mobile? I thought both platforms uses same streaming technology
The PlayStation 6 should be like the Nintendo switch ,but with PlayStation 6 graphics.
3:20 Nah bro, they had to hold back so they can get another round of cash-in with the PeePee (Portable Pro). Capitalism for the win ✊
A pro controller is $200😂😂.  Why people so mad
Awesome ❤😂😂😂😂😂😂😂❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Resident evil 4 works great on the portal
I don't have a ps5 yet (PS4, Series S, Switch, PC)  But wanted to see if this would be any good It probably would be good for my use but if I have my ps5 on already I might as well just play on my TV
OLED tvs are definitely not something most people have
You get better stuff from china honestly  Not sure if you can stream ps 5 with those though (yet)
I have no problems at al. Playing for a week how. Hogwarts, forspoken,atlas has fallen. I’m realy happy about it. But i only use it in my own home.
Speaking of which, the Vita is such a sleek and perfect console...they out did Nintendo with it for sure.   It's resting beside his other semi-retired Brother my 3DS XL.    Sony should honestly just go for a PS4 variation of the PSVita while keeping it's original Slick look.
I'll be holding off until the modders figure out how to take it over and run unsigned code- just like I did for the PS Vita for the past 10 years.
Save your money and get a backone controller for your phone.
A lot other reviewers here on Youtube said and showed the console works great even over 5G connection... I just don't understand why it is not working for you.
I still use my PSP's. I got a modded GO for my pocket and a modded 2000 for at home. Actually docking the GO at home and playing on my TV, are actually pretty good. I don't hardly notice any lag in the BT controls. You want to sell me a product Sony? Start reselling the PSP batteries.
I was remiss to miss the preorder but now I’m not.
This is EXACTLY why i keep saying cloud gaming is decades away so hardware will be sticking around for a long time.
I like the glitches on the screen if you have low WiFi, really looks so cyberpunky
Ain't mo way I'm buying this garbage
I love the PS Portal. 🤗 This device was practically made for me. If you want to play your PS4/5 ganes wherever you are then this is your toy!
Do you think the quality of travelling with it will get better with a faster wifi than Starbucks?
The fact that Sony did not include a case or even had one ready to sell day one tells me that they had zero intentions on this thing ever being taken out of people's houses.  It's such a specific design and shape that it needs its own molded case.
I feel like once this gets hacked and we can just use Android on it, it can become a pretty cool emulation device.
For the people who say it's worth it or not worth it... It all depends on your situation at home. For me, my PlayStation is hooked up in the living room which is where my wife and kids mainly watch TV. So there are plenty of times where I wanted to play but couldn't bc they're using the tv. So this PS Portal would be great for me, which is why I ordered mine and should be receiving very soon
Marketing it as a "device" was a bad move and the community isn't helping. It's an underutilized wii u gamepad. It's a  great idea. But people need to quit comparing it to portable consoles
It seems like it need work on it I didn’t like it the day it came out. I enjoy ps5 though
This device should've been Wifi and Cellular enabled and sold in phone stores as well. Like how the Vita came with cellular through AT&T
I got a steam deck oled instead, cant wait for it to arrive to my place, sweet vid wood👍🏼
You can tell me this is wrong but this is literally a switch copycat. It's just a PlayStation mixed with a switch
I played through the majority of The Witcher 3 on my PS4 using a $25 controller with a phone mount, a $6 3rd party streaming app (PSPlay, necessary in order to use a generic gamepad), and my Galaxy S20, and I was quite happy with the experience. This seems like a big waste of money, to me.
The failed Sony WIIU tablet
So basically, it turns the PS5 into a Wii u?
Bro I thought you were Android guy?
nitendrone doesn’t read the directions lol stupid guy
I play my Xbox remotely with my phone and don’t have issues like that. It’s crazy.  Also, you only have a Gigabit connection? That’s not the “best” you can get in America. Your setup is probably not optimized for streaming anyhow. I think it’s a safe assumption that your router is also your access point instead of having dedicated devices like a bridge from your ONT into a switch with separate access points. Also, do you have a Cat6 cable connected to your PS5 or are you letting that bottleneck the experience?
I'll pass.  I got a hacked Vita with every Rom and Rom Hack on it for every available emulated System on a single 16 GB Vita Card.   Playing through Chrono Trigger: Crimson Echoes as well as Dragon Quest 5 on it again.    Does this Portal Work on the Older PS Consoles?  Like the PS3 with how the Vita connects to it?
I can’t justify a $200 steaming device to play 1080p when you have to already own a $500 PS5 that can do 4K
I never had any interest in buying this and I think its safe to say I made the right decision
I’ve been playing my Portal this weekend and it’s been the best portable experience I’ve had, and I have the switch, steam deck, and used to own a backbone, psp, etc. Those ergonomics, rumble, that screen…the speed of the ps5…only $200…it’s amazing. Steam Deck is jack of all trades but master of none.  There’s always a struggle doing things on it.  Portal though…you’re gaming almost 100% of the time.
I hate how he keeps saying, “portable” or “on the go” BECAUSE IT IS NOT PORTABLE!   This is about as portable as a Wii U heck it’s probably less portable given how much bigger it is. To be honest this thing makes Nintendo look like they knew what they were doing with the Wii U.
I love this handheld. It's perfect for me. I was playing all weekend
Using your phone and a controller is definitely the smarter/better choice.
Extremegamernerd was BeatEmUps taken
More than a waste of money, its a wasted OPPORTUNITY. Sony really dropped the ball on this one
Soooooo………. Trash!
Donate the money to cancer research don’t give Soyny anymore money.
If only sony put as much effort into these type of things as they do their games this would have been a home run. Buuuuut sony being sony they like finding out the hard way this fan base will call them out we expecte sony level quality nothing less. But aye in a year or two of them updating it should make it great until the 3rd year where they give up on it. I love sony but holy crap man they try different things that doesn't work a little to much and sense sony a company known for quality items they price these things either to high or right on the line of that's not a bad price if it works good. Who knows maybe I'm wrong and the next update fixes the issues with certain games from the looks of it god of war would have worked great at the Starbucks so at least not every game has FF16 bad streaming quality
Not the device but its your wifi.  You need to have router that has wifi 6 and enable it, also think about where your wifi is located
"I swear I'm not an idiot"..... I do not believe you lol
For 200 The only benefit shouldnt be you free up the Tv and its "just fine" at best when playing next to the console  you can get a personal size Tv for almost the same price and youre probably better off that way since it clearly barely works over wifi
Only worth it if you have a significant other and or kids that want to use the tv.   I’m enjoying mine
Wood adding those effects to "show" us how bad the sound was did hurt me. Well done for immersion! Also this thing honestly looks really ugly.
I played fortnite at a friend's house from the portal and the experience was suprisingly good. I was happy with my purchase at that point.
Every time I download a game or update, my Portal loses connection. 😂 This thing’s a piece of work.
You could try these tips before selling or returning it thou:   1. Unplug the hdmi from your tv to the ps5 while on the Portal  2. If you have Bluetooth headphones with a dongle, plug the dongle into the ps5 you can hear the sound quality better thru the portal, but this only works at home.  3. Turn off hdr on the tv for better playability.
I've had mine for a few days and i love it. I can finally be the laziest potato ever and play my PS5 in bed even though i live in a 1Bed 601sqft apartment 😊😊🤣🤣
It's a Wii U gamepad that's more expensive, doesn't work and there won't get any games that use the two screens. But it has infinite range! As long as you have internet.
I still want one. Perfect for what I use my phone for already. But I gotta wait till it’s cheaper
I've been going through Diablo IV on the portal and I've been enjoying the experience with minimal issues and lag
Not having any issues with mine over wifi.
From the beginning this looked like a bad item. I would have loved a Vita 2 and would of happily spend $300 on a new one, it really is too bad.
It's basically Sony's variation of the Wii-U :/ i'm not too impressed. I would've hoped for a modern PSP/Vita thing.. i still have mine, but a modern one would be nice, since even the Vita basically is a portable PS2, performance wise
I'm very confused... how is this not a Wii U? 🤔 Pii U?
This device makes me remember the Nintendo wii u it also might fail like the wii u also
Seems like a before Christmas cash grab to me… 🫤
I still haven't had any lag yet...do you have your PS5 connected wireless or LAN? LAN for me is the best options...no lag whatsoever...but that's just me
It might be your connections. I have had it since release and play Madden, 2k, lords of the fallen Conan exiles and spiderman haven’t had connection issues in my home. A router is like an umbrella you have yours in the basement that’s a bad spot. My ps5 is actually on wi-fi as well  The bad I have a lot of issues connecting outside of my home from my cell hotspot. That’s the main issue I found.  Conclusion if you are using at home or at someone else’s house connected to their wifi it’s amazing . But in public places not so great just like my vita was
😂😂😂😂😂but it's no psp or vita cuz 😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅not worth it's like a mirror so u play ps5 but now on a smaller system why the psp n the Vita was an and actual play system n not a mirror from the larger one I can do that t my phone n project that t the tv that's wt Sony did lazy😅😅😅
I’ll buy it if you don’t want it
it reminds me of the wii U way to much
So the 1 game that doesn’t work at home is the one you test at star sucks?  Why wouldn’t you try god of war.   This is a very misleading review.  Just like all of your content
the part with the audio glitches really got me
"Portal"
For the price that it is you should be able too download a set amount of games at any one time too play natively without the internet, Sony really lagging behind this generation, and the fact that sound hasn’t been their priority with all their devices is mind boggling, it’s SONY!
This kind if honesty and criticism are the exact reason I love your reviews man. Kind of insane how IGN gave this an 8 and the steamdeck (which can also use remote play) a 7
Your usual typical gamer isn't gonna buy this. It's obvious 😅  PS. I do like the design tho, mostly cuz I like the ps5 controller
Your my favourite gaming YouTuber
Make sure you have strong wifi signal, and hopefully 5 or 6 GHz. Otherwise the review is of the network and not the device. 1000mbps down means absolutely nothing when doing things like streaming on your local network.
Only a matter of time before Sony had its Wii U moment, but at least the Wii U didn’t glitch out like that (not saying it didn’t have a plethora of other issues)
I feel like it’s more semi-portable than portable. Sony just made a WiiU tablet a decade later and selling it for a premium price
Tbh i fear that streaming is so dangerous for gamers , one violation and your account is locked so your 2000$ game catalogue worth 0 and you can't sell . I kinda like some freedom when playing at least solo games, not being monitored.  I don't know if my opinion is like that because my first consoles were gameboy and ps2-1.
lol it literally sounds like a worse Wii U gamepad. 200 dollars also? Jeez PlayStation.
Sent mine back. The audio situation pushing me to buy their £200 earbuds brings the cost closer to a steam deck oled which I can get way more out of including ps remote streaming
0:40 in other words is a monitor for your ps5 plain and simple
should you not connect it to the ps5 directly without wifi ?. ist that how its supposed to be connected ?
I just wanna know if I can use it at school
Ill stick with my switches....and my gameboy micro lol
Just bought a backbone one I play ps5 games like horizon at work away from home on 5g mobile data works great.
I would say my experience with remote play on Android has been random, Soul games seem to stutter at times while first person shooters seem to run a little better.  I remote play Fortnite and  almost won an entire match just playing on my Fold with the PS5 controller connect to via Bluetooth.
What it feels like is Sony scrambling to enter the Steam Deck market without truly understanding what is special about that device, and then by the time they had a production unit in hand, the entire handheld market exploded and every single option is better than Sony's effort.
How could they put this out in this state?
Unpluf the hdmi and try again i suspect this will be patched at later date but give it try
This is the reason why I just invested in a Switch Lite, and installed Android on it. Bought the PSPlay application and it can basically do what PlayStation Portal was set out to do (minus haptics+screen size). I can even play my Switch Games on it.
This is software based streaming solution unlike something like NVIDIA Gmestream on pc which hardware backed. . Sony really didn't plan for this when they made ps5.
You trying to compare it to a portable console shows you have no clue what you are talking about snd who this is for.  Its not a console.   And for my personal needs it is the perfect item ive been wanting
PlayStation is and has been limp….. I’ll never buy their consoles
I don't know what you're talking about... been playing since launch and has not disconnected once. I even played in car while waiting in the parking to pick up my kids. Played EAFC Proclubs with friends while my kids were using the main TV, also no issues. Its been great for me every time I tried.
From what I've seen it runs off android sooooo it should be possible to root and be used to play Xbox game pass and Steam. Could be a fun project
Because your trying to cash in on the latest clickbait
Such a missed opportunity, the design looks genuinely really cool
Got mine and it's overall great for my situation. I put a Bluetooth transmitter on it but the lag was 2sec so unusable
Honestly considering all the portable handhelds that exist, this feels like such a waste of money.
Oh man, that thing is completely useless. I don't see what could Sony do to save it.
You should make a video on hogwarts legacy for switch
It sounds like a bigger disappointment than when it was announced… those glasses though! Definitely going to look into those!! 😮
It’s giving me Wii U vibes, though probably better. But still seems like a hard pass.
I don't get what's the airplane mode for, you literally can't do anything with this if you don't have Wi-Fi on. Might as well turn it off than look at the screen with airplane mode on 😅😅😅.
$199 ewaste
Can’t believe they even have this
Watching, wondering if you beat all those games on the back wall.
Can you test the Wi U vs Playstation portal?
Thanks for this.Totaly not buying
So it's useless...ok
It turns the ps5 into a Wii U but the game pad is $200
Whoo! It's the Panasonic Q!!
I went and ordered an 512gb Steam deck oled instead. I will use chiaki if I want to stream my ps5
“I need to bring my video games wherever I go!”  Grow up nerd. Lol
So game streaming still hasn't really evolved past the Stadia. Good to know. But why hasn't it? It's pretty ridiculous at this point.
I hope Sony sees this and gets their act together. I’m not a Sony fan, but if they started to have more Nintendo-like games I’d be interested in a handheld device that worked.
Seeing your test at Starbucks confirmed what I had been saying. This device vs. Spotty internet in public places is it's down fall. I don't think its designers really thought about how bad connectivity over wifi is in this country.
Try resetting your portal . I have played in my house , outside 300 miles away on hotspot and then in a different country and that also fifa 23 seasons multiplayer . It works great .
They really just need to bring back the PSP or Vita 🤦‍♂️ why did they think making a remote play device was a good idea? This has been their worst idea, especially for the high price tag. You might as well just use the BackBone with your phone. Its really just a really expensive controller with a screen.
I don't understand why God of War would work flawlessly with the portal and Final Fantasy would not.
About as useful as an inflatable dartboard 😂
Appreciate the honesty, I was hoping to get this for my bedroom, since my PlayStation is in my office, but now I’m not so sure.
playstation portal is trying to be a nintendo switch but it can't
The wide aspect of reviews is facinating for this.  Feels like everyone is having a differant experince which is weird
How do those glasses feel for folks who need eye glasses regularly? I have astigmatism and am intrigued by the glasses but I’m on the fence.
You continue to sellout nintendo switch bro🤬. I just unsubscribed . 😂
i wanted this to be good so much. i only play my ps5 and switch nowadays and thought this would be the perfect median but every video i’ve seen has similar poor connection experiences
Thank you for taking the hit for us!! Hard pass on this product ended up with another Switch
PS is bad but PSP it is the worst
Really appreciate your thorough testing and review, Wood! I got the feeling from many other reviews that they were painting this in the best possible light. From the beginning, I suspected this device would be rife with inconsistencies. Streaming games can be wonderful at times but also incredibly frustrating. Maybe Sony’s hoping WiFi 7 will resolve some of the networking issues over the next few years.
HUGE Sony L
I personally really like it, my internet is pretty good so it works great most of the time, with a few hiccups every now and again.   I totally get why a lot of people don’t care about it, but I’ve been able to play my PS5 and hang out in the living room with my family more.
Its pretty much a WiiU gamepad, but kind of worse. Weird choice by Sony. Sticking with my Bonebone on my phone.
Was waiting on Wood's take on this 👍I love the Portal so much so far
Why isn't there a dongle that connects the Playstation portal to the ps5 directly without wifi. Sure it has to be in the same room but imagine playing the ps5 on a portable device without having your connection drop or lag. Why isn't there a way for local connection that is more stable than using the wifi??
I’ve been having a blast!! Love it worth every penny ❤  weird because FF16 works great for me
Phone is to small imo some text and stuff I can't see on my phone
It's basically a wii u with a better screen and no browser.
If you intend to buy any handheld device that isn't a switch, it has to be a Steam Deck.  You can not only play a good portion of your Steam games natively, you can also stream your steam games from your PC, as well as stream other games from other stores (with some tinkering) AND you can stream PlayStation and Xbox Game Pass games too, so yes. You can literally do what a PS portal tries to do, plus a tonne stuff.  And if you get the OLED version, you get better everything except haptic feedback.
9:52 is the best moment that makes this video more than worth it❣️
This is pointless wtf Sony 😂
It looks like wii U touchpad but worse Edit: worse in terms of features if t definitely looks better
Oddly enough my experience with FF16 was perfect and unplayable with Spider-Man and Jedi Survivor. I'm assuming the issues will be worked out? At least that's what I'm hoping for lol
Playstation for constipated people...😂
I’ll give Sony props for delivering an incredible looking device adding to the PS5 experience but it’s a little disappointing the negatives seem to outweigh the positives especially when most of those negatives didn’t exist when playing games on the Wii U gamepad released over 10 years ago. I’m sure Sony updates to improve the experience because the Portal looks pretty awesome
I want to get one, mostly because I have had a great track record with remote play going back to the PS3. And this would just be nice to have instead of using my phone since the Vita doesn't support PS5 remote play.
What a horrible product. IGN Gave this thing an 8… Woulda probably sold x10 times more if they made a PSP lite or PSP clamshell. Feels like another product made by non gamers for gamers. Absolutely out of touch. Streaming consoles in 2023?! Did no one learn from Stadia?!
This was what I was thinking. Its a pass. Portal is 💩 😆
So that answered my question about uni students using it then with you in Starbucks. I couldn’t use my Switch for that same reason because of the passthrough (Nintendo fixed it eventually). Such an oversight though!
For an extra $200, turn your PS5 into an even worse WiiU! Where do I sign!?
All depends on how good your home network connection is. I'm curious how good your WiFi connection is to the Portal since your wired connection the PS5 should be great. I haven't had any of the issues you're mentioning. No audio issues, no bit crushing.
Wanted ps5 2 years ago not anymore that’s what happens when you can find one bought series x never going back
In my opinion it is waste of money
This is not as amazing as the vita, not even close
Sony Wii U 2
Wii U, here we go again..  Yet again Nintendo was ahead of its timw
anyone else expected a jumpscare at 10:21? 😂
How is the streaming compared to the WiiU Pad?
Screw Sony
I brought one and grinding in Infinity Strash Dragon Quest Adventure of Dai
Wii U Wii U  Wii U
So Playstation did a Wii U now?
Resell it or give it to someone who really wants one. Its being scapled anyways.
I thought this was an alternative to the switch before I realized I needed to buy a PlayStation 5 console....which is stupid since all the games would be downloaded.
Its for parents ( me) who cant use the TV when they want to as the kids (mine) or wife ( mine) are using it or the parent needs to make dinner and has one eye on the cooking and one eye on the game (me) 😅
The Vita was the absolute best design that has ever been made for a fully capable hanheld. Everything about it screams "This feels right".
Finally somebody doing it in non-ideal situations (what we would normally be in). Also I love how you edited the video to give an example about what you were talking about.
I was debating getting one but after hearing the problems you had i'm probably will not and I'd get to take to my grandma's but the thing that was weighing my decision is the fact my grandma doesn't have her internet hooked up so it won't do me any good there.
Your internet sucks. I’ve been using mine daily since I received it with none of the issues you’re having. If you want one, get one and you’ll love it. If you’re already hating on it, don’t bother.
The worst playstation product by far😢 miss the vita days
Excellent design, but such a wasted potential. Sony fans really want a true handheld that can play ps5 games. Maybe one day sony will listen...
I’ve had zero issues. I’ve even used my mobile hotspot at the park and it was buttery smooth. This thing is amazing!!!
I love that in a board meeting someone actually said, and convinced Sony execs that, "Hey, remember the Wii U? That was amazing. You could sit on the toilet AND game! Let's do that!" Without ever researching the Wii U.
Keep it up wood!  Been watching you for 6 years Nothing like the good old days of peak Nintendo switch where I would look forward to those OG Switch Accessory and Indie Gem videos from Fall to Winter time. That’s a nostalgia trip!
They really messed up when deciding to make this garbage over a new Vita installment.
honestly, i think I'd rather buy a broken one and fix it up to be a raspberry pi system inside... Just make my own playstation handheld out of one...
Thx BeatEmUps for the Video ...That was the best review on YT
So if you have to have your PS5 on and running the game you want to play, how can someone else watch TV?  Do you just leave the PS5 running and change your input back to cable or whatever?
Useless
A waste of 200 dollars plus tax is an understatement.
Yeah... I saw this coming. I remember when PS now was on the vita and this seems similar, definitely not worth the money. Might pick it up when it hits clearance
I had the first ever PSP. I still own it and rather play it than the PlayStation portal.
Nintendo mains really tweaking in the chat haha
Ps Portal - a streaming device, that looks bad, costs a stupid amount of money, for something that a mobile phone can already do with Remote Play  Yeah, no. Just no.
IGN : 8/10
Thanks for the information have a awsome day wood
Backbone it’s works ok and I picked this PlayStation portal now i been playing it for a couple of days now and I like it plus there will be updates for it down the line so I’m happy with it plus why would you want to watch movies on it or any other apps like that it’s for games not movies use your phone or pad
Nintendo
You can just use your phone instead.
PSPortal is absolutely fantastic, probably one of my favorite console accessories of all time. This thing far surpasses my original expectations.
I saw you review this with bob on the nontendo podcast
Return it to the store immediately.
💵-grab-BULLSHIT
I’ve been loving mine.
Cool! 😂 7:00
Loving my Portals
Funny that AR glass maker is partnered with PS5 streaming app😂😂😂
The lack of Bluetooth is what killsss me. I just bring my dual sense with me in a backpack and use my phones remote play . Lol waste of money
This thing is stupid
Hi how are you
It's garbage stop being a shill for a terrible product
So...a handheld.console at...800$ ?
*PLAYSTION PORTAL  Wood not portable lol
Like my comment cause you can and you should I guess…
I feel like the Vita does the same thing with mirror what's on your PS3 or PS4 😅
52nd!!
I bought Atari 2600+ instead and it cost less
So many people in the US has bad internet that's not strong enough to stream the games. I hate cloud gaming.
I think the design is excellent but I would like to hold it first❤
Absolutely loving the more frequent uploads!
Hi good video
Fans: we want a portable system.  Sony: it ain't portable but it looks like one... Here enjoy.
$200 would be a good deal if it didn’t require a ps5 to play.
Hello
Nintendo should do smth like this
Spider-Man 2 review?
I think if you need to try and find a use case for it, then you dont need it. Also are the thumb sticks the same as the VR Sense controllers thumbstick?
I’m. If you’re going to make a title do it right
The most disappointing thing Sony didn't tell people is the fact that they use the exact same analog stick design as the Duelsense controller, so yeah, can't wait for this $200 portable device that is hard to disassemble, to just be permanently unusable in 1-3 years-assuming it doesn't kick the can within months just like the Switch lite.  And if you want to just use the dpad and/or are into Fighting Games, its the same model from the duelsense as well which is just tragic.
Or you could just use a phone and a ps5 controller and save 200$ 😂
I'm only buying one to use my friends PlayStation games on it. I have permission before you ask.
If there's one thing I learned, it's to never buy a Playstation handheld video game console.
Did you buy a PlayStation Portal? Or are you saving your money for something that works? 😳  I recently worked with VITURE One and designed a LENS SHADE together with them! https://www.viture.com/Wood | Grab the glasses and add the lens shade to cart first, you will get it for FREE with my code: Wood! It is super limited, so be quick! | These highest rating glasses are also offering the lowest price ever with $50 off: https://viture.us/Wood and it lasts only until Cyber Monday!
can it stream on twitch or yt? unlike remote play on other device tht cant?
I really wish it was a standalone handheld 😭
Sols my Nintendo switch so my mom could afford the bills, really really want to play tears of the kingdom❤😢
I once saw this “bad boy” at a phone store
16 seconds early yay, also love the portal
Not first
I actually invented the playstation portal a lot of people don't know that
Portal!!!!
Watching
❤ first 😅
i had no idea this even existed to a few weeks ago and it’s so tempting lol
Cool
Been waiting for this! 😂
First lol pls pin?
I wish Nintendo would do this for the next gen of releases
I'm not going to buy one
Yoowww
Hi
First
real
