Delulu couldn't come close to this game mode and people who think it can are objectively wrong
Epic this was so cool make this into a permanent mode or just do it again
THEY NEED TO BRING IT BACK
we need to get this gamemode back
Epic!!! Bring back this mode! And my life is yours!!!
This is the best mode of all times. Please bring it back
This was one of my favourite ltm modes of all time! I really hope that this mode comes back someday.
They need to bring this back 😢
Bring back
I wish this LTM could have stayed.
to be honest, impossible escape really lived up to the name
Fortnite pls bring this back
Back when Fortnite was cool
Literally the only thing about season 6 that was fun for me
I need this back
i miss this gamemode
Epic should bring this ltm back as a permanent but with the changes of exfil and bots around the map(tarkov style)
I wish this would come back, it was my favorite part of this season and i never got the umbrella
I miss this ltm
Petition for this mode to come back someday.
We need this back
Pls bring it back to be all time
It's been 2yrs. Where did all the time go.
We need more ltms like this epic, not some battle royale remixe or creative map
This game should be in creative playable mode.
bring this back
Bring this back pls
bring it back
How did I just now find out this was a thing. Disappointed
I still miss it to this day
This needs to return
This needs to come back i loved it when it first came out so please epic add it back
i miss this so much
I finished my impossible scape mode in Creative LETS GO!!!
BRING IT BACKK PLZZ
Perfect gamemode, 100% should be brought back.
i wish they’d bring this back
Honestly, if fortnite wants their players back (Even though they have a lot) they should give the option to play LTM games, even though that ruins the whole "Limited Time" thing, it still would be better than repetitive creatives "Game-Modes"
So lit.
Please add this back on chapter 3
Why is this not in the game anymore???
Bring it back please--
Hope this comes back in chapter 3
i want a new version on the chapter 3 map
❤❤
This was my favorite LTM of all time i wish it was back somehow
'Impossible Escape'  Yeah, literally.
If youre reading this you probably miss the mode. I do too but dont be getting your hopes up. One fun thing we could hype up instead is the survival mode theyre working on but again dont get your hopes up
PLEASE BRING THIS BACK
I miss this so much.
Can you bring this LTM back its awsome
makefortnitegreatagain
man i wish i could've played this ltm :/
Never got the umbrella:(
This was by far the best event mode they’ve done. Creative. Genius.
Please bring it back ☹️
the whole concept of it was cool but  no this was the absolute most painful, most torturous ltm ever  but i still want the helicopter parts in creative
Dammit I should have come back to Fortnite for this, this looks fun
A penas pude jugar ese modo pero   Yo y otros:QUEREMOS A ESCAPA DE latinoamerica
Dude danny i saw that video that was not nice what your teammates did to you 😒 but i love your channel ❤
Bring back this mode it’s the best
Team of bots: can't shoot slow wolves  The only one real player: ill do it myself then.
Escapennn
Creía que LTM era latinoamericana jajajaja
This is my favourite ltm. I expect someone recreates it in creative mode
this is litteraly the story missions from apex season 5.
The music in this trailer reminds me of The Only Thing They Fear is You from Doom Eternal.
bring this back please!!!
This was probably one of the biggest highlights last season, it would be amazing to have something similar as a permanent mode or at least have it return somehow
My screen its all youtubers with chekmark
I dont know why everyone in these trailer s have worse aim ever in world 🤯🤔
No its insane
Bring it back
its the day before the season ends...           and im only level 27
Fortnite: survival mode
Escapa de latinoamerica
God Bless ❤️
when u drop something at 3am
gg
Please epic games put shadow ruby of Nintendo switch
This was definitely a Hard gamemode but I managed to beat both modes and it was not as easy as it looks 😓
Who excited before fortnite chapter 2 season 7 released [8 MORE DAYS!!!]
I hope people see this.On the battle pass trailer for season 7 chapter two the day it comes out we flood the comments asking for Nintendo switch to get save the world.I have quite a few friends who have switch and want to play save the world.They also want the v bucks from login rewards or challenges.Epic has given us no reason at all for their being no save the world on switch and I and many others think that save the world should come to switch.Epic won’t listen but if we get enough people to flood the comments maybe we will get Epic to notice.
Copie Apex legends
The worst game mode ever, This is cursed!
i miss this  mode
Hype for season 7 alien invasion June 8 2021,Hypeeeee!
Das LTM war super. Nervig waren allerdings die ganzen Trolle, die einfach nur die Mitspieler eliminieren und trotzdem nicht fähig waren den Choppa zu reparieren. Hätte den Schirm gern gewonnen. Der ist wirklich sehr nice. Leider kein Glück gehabt. Kommt der Schirm eventuell mal in den Shop?
Wow this jurrasic park movie look really bad
This looks cool
skin in the beggining?
Wow that was close I escaped safe and sound
This is hands down my favorite game mode! PvPvE. Objective/Mission based. Survival. I wish we could have more of these, and permanent too.
I need horses in game , the chicken , the Dino's are useless .
Apex legends quests mode plagiat
This was a great mode. Definitely some glitches need to be worked out, but overall very fun. It’s definitely tailored to players who do more than point and shoot or build. Scavenging, making do with random items, surviving on your own in hostile conditions, I love it. I hope Fortnite adds this as a long term mode or creates more similar LTMs.
Can someone please tell me what skin the girl with the purple hair at the beginning is?
I hate this game mod I played the pvp mode and got to the finish line and I did not get the umbrella
It’s almost like they have an entire separate game or this
Is this PvE or PvP?
I won at my first try in PVP but it took 10 tries for PVE and craft "Hunters Cloak" if you wear it wolves wouldn't attack you
Fortnite makes ghost not too op because they are so op it’s so hard to kill then
There no cest in this game
@ 1st I didn’t get it but couple hours now i figured it out what to do it’s fun actually that’s the way I like make it hard challenge
Should of change the name to... Only one percent will get the umbrella. Luckily after playing awhile I finally got a awesome squad and won. Good luck to everyone. But there are some good players out their. So be careful on who you choice for teammates. Some of the players are toxic.
is impossible
Maybe nerf the NPCs surrounding some areas please
Ala madre esto SERA EPICOOOOOOOO 🥳
What's the song name pls
Whats the name of the girls skin. I like her
I knew this day would come
What is the name of the female skin in the beginning with the blue hair?
It's impossible
Great, zombies, wolves, raptors, and bots are gonna kill us. Just great.
SOS vibes
OMG it’s been forever since we’ve had a real LTM like this!
Hi Epic Games Me and My Cousin Was Playing this LTM and it was So Fun To Play but at the last 1 minute we had all the parts and when we were gonna put on the last part it was a Thruster Part And we already Put That On The Choppa Please Fix
I Tryt it its super hard really
I cant even win in this this is kinda dumb
Sentirán lo que es vivir en latinoamerica
Fun game but needs more players
Крута
Reminds me of the apex one
I love the LTM it's good
genial
Nice ♥️
The new raptor skin is ass lmao
I have like almost all of the skins in the trailer lol
I feel like I seen this somewhere...😂
Olia
This LTM is actually garbage, I don't see why people find it so appealing
Did everything, in the heli heading to the finish line when my “teammate” crashes it and kills us all..!   No way..!
Fortnite please put the (Surf Strider Skin) in the item shop with its cosmetics and hopefully a back bling with him to, if you guys want this skin to come out sooner and faster in the item shop bug fortnite everyday on a daily basis and be sure to spread the word to everyone as we protest in free the (Surf Strider Skin) Act!
Some guys Is fallen in the Fortnite map, Build the Choppa!
Worst Ltm because in the fog you can’t see a thing!
This game mode is not fun because of the ghost
Where Watchers.
I'm sorry but this is one of the most *boring* modes in the game so far....its completely up to rng because of how other squads work..half of them camp near the choppa....the wolves and ghosts are really annoying...and the game takes almost 30 mins to get by.....how anyone would like this I can't phathom...
The impossible escape is remind me don't starve together.
Can this Altman stay for this season
Tried this mode for PVE... Died instantly 10/10
this better either become a permanent 4th mode or at least come back for Halloween
Now a days fortnite is not adding good and try hard skins
I'm pretty sure this is inspired by that survival video game called S.O.S. And that game is really fun!!
🤢🤮🤮🤮👎
This LTM is so hard i hate it
Fortnite: StW under a different name... that's what I'm here for!
And don’t get me started with the wolves and the raptors like 1000 spawn at night like make it like 5 or something
I was the last of us :[
0:09 Crack shot
WORST LTM EVER!!
Lol I got 3/4 parts for a choppa and my teammate git the last one and right before we finished fixing it he shockwaved me away, removed himself from the team, and killed me, taking all the credit
This looks like a blast
@Fortnite how can you promote such bullying and toxicity with in a game, I was playing PVP mode, joined a squad, i solely found 75% of the choppa parts, also found the car to chauffeur my team to the choppa, only for them to Peace me out right at the finish line and I get stranded......way to go. Once you’re in a squad you should not be able to be removed, if you want to leave them that’s different, set up for failure, lucky I’m an adult and understand that no matter how nice and supportive you are to ppl you don’t know there’s always going to be c#@ts! But younger kids should not be having to deal with such horrid behaviour or be given the message that it’s ok to be horrible to a person who just gave you the win..........
Why did I read "LTM" as if it were Latin America XD?
Makes sense with the primal theme
This mode is quite good acctually
The getaway 2.0
🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸🥰🥰_🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱💩💩💩
Pure stress
Sad how no one knows this is just a copy of the original game, SOS Ultimate Escape...
:')
not sure if you can relate but doesn't the opening cutscene (when you wake up on the sea shore after joining a match) seem very similar to when crash wakes up on n.sanity beach?
just had an epic gamer moment in this mode. i was being kicked out of squads for no reason and they kept emoting on me. by the third day only one more part was left and i got it before them. they were on foot and i was on foot running back to the hele copter. i found a car and drove back to it put the final piece on and left without them all. it felt so good to do that.
Seguro que LTM, no sigfica escapar de *LaTino America?*
Dude. This is awesome! I really hope they reuse these mechanics for a permanent mode. I’ve always wanted a rust style survival mode for Fortnite, something to stand next to BR and STW. So far this is the closest we’ve gotten and I’m in love!
es el mejor modo para aser roreplay con tus amigos
What's the name of the song? 🤔🤔
The umbrella is not really great at all
Its is impossible
bro this is minecraft know lol
I did it for both, took me 7 hours straight and a lot of rage
the music of this trailer is fire
When this Season ends? Because it's very ugly
song name
Well impossible is correct. This mode's hard as balls
It’s so rigged
0:17 ah sh** here we go again
Its to hard make it easy or we qint dummy just give us the glider and give us the loding screen
ngl      this ltm sucks
Let's be real here, you probably gonna have hard times actually complete the LTM when your main encounters will be usually child sweats and braindead anonymous, especially with the selling point being teamwork.
THIS STUPID MODE IS LITERALLY UNBEATABLE!!! You actually like this?!  Every time I play, I always die, die, and die! They don’t call this mode “Impossible Escape” for nothing! I bet no one has been able to beat this dumb mode! They better remove it, like NOW!
Yo that look SICK!
Wait a minute.....isn't this just the culling but in fortnite? Hm...lets see....  Helicopter escape: ✅  Need items to call/build the heli: ✅  Emote to form party: ✅  Optional ffa: ✅  Amount who can escape Limited: ✅  Pve with aggressive npcs: ✅  Papaya: ❌  Fortnite basically ripped the culling off, idc since the game is dead but still atleast credit them if you're going to steal their idea.
Why can't it just be a good friendly community but instead its just a toxic sweaty one
0:04 did someone bump there mic or something
LTM: LATAM escape :v
i in the island:  i loot houses for weapons:   i found the best team ever.....  we get the chopa:  but... one member of the squad leave the squad and join another squad:  And he leave all the team for another: THE GAME V2  you are in the island:  you loot houses:  you get the team:  get the choopa you are finally save of this Wild island...or?  one Teamate leave the team and he kill all team an he win: THE GAME
Bruh they suck at aiming
Looking for a partner. Can’t win without a decent teammate
Which this LTM stayed for much longer and I definitely hope it makes a return in the future after it’s gone
*GET TO THE CHOPPA!*
DUD I WAS SOO CLOSE TO MAKING IT BUT THE CHOPPA RAN OUT OF FUEL!!😢😢😢😭😭😭
س٣ييي ؤ/
Escape the Latam
Already got the 2 free items Hours ago
Samatta töttür diyenler +1
That gamemode sucks, fix ur game
Hunger games be like
I PLAYED LIKE 40 GAMES AND I FINALLY GOT THE UMBRELLA.good job fortnite!
This is boring
The dumbest ltm ever but tim sweany can not think like a human being
So fun but so hard
Built the choppa by myself and i was looking for other people to help them, and when i got out to refuel it, they took it and left
Can you please nerf the ghosts spawn rate fortnite?
I smell a new Lazarbeam video.
Can you do something good please?
Escapando de latam el juego
Got my umbrella my first game ,just shockwave bow the enemy pilot attempting to take it and beamed everyone else ,took of to max height and left with my friends and refuled mid-air as we found gas canisters. The other squads were mad.
Nice
Hi
ESCPA DE L|ATINOAMÉRICA NUEVO MODO
But i escaped, its not impossible lol
Epic this is good
THIS IS THE BEST MODE EVER....PLEASE LEAVE IT PERMANENTLY!!!!!
Although the Guards have tiny bit of some aimbot but overall This game mode is 10/10
It has impossible in the name for a reason
Why isn't save the world like this?
The best LTM in fortnite
EPIC GAMES ADD A LTM WITH ALL THE MYTHICS AND ALL EXOTICS
Its soo god but is soo hard
صدقوني طور تهاجم عليك الديناصورات وتجمع القطع حقت الطائرة
Can that be a gamemode like battelroyl pleas
Cuando van a quitar a los pinches dinosaurios? Xd
Won this LTM at first try
где зефирка
Holy crap you guys finally made this game fun
wow
I love you fortnite 💓😊
i will take jonesy jump 88 for this 🐯
The escape is actually impossible  It took like 6 hours for me to escape  I played more than 10 matches
Ok we see the trailer but how are they playing it?
Love the glider
Love this game mode
the ltm is just amzaing and its so coolllllll abd the vibe are so goodd
Y como se supone que lo voy a jugar dime saca de las partidas
What the
Escape the island? To where? Chapter 1?
Crazy idea you could actually put some time and effort in Save The World
A downgrader table that downgrades your guns and give you gold for it
thanks I wanted this kind of LTM from a long time
I like it 👍🏽
They fking copied apexlegends again
Coolest
Jesus is coming soon so please repent for your sins God Bless ❤️
Stw looks strange
It's legit impossible for me to get the umbrella, I hate this mode
THIS GAMEMODE IS RIGGED THE CHOPPER EXPLODES ARE YOU KIDDING ALL THIS DAMN WORK FOR A GLIDER! A BANNER WOULD MAKE ME HAPPIER
This vid came on my Birthday!!! 😱😱😱
God this game mode kinda sucks like I’m trying to do stuff like collecting the chopper parts then I get bombarded by these bots then die god nerf them it’s terrible
its literally friday the 13th knockoff but at least the wildlife has a purpose
Here's a tip: When there's five of you left in pvp form a squad instead fighting to the death because the escape helicopter can hold 5 people
Jaja 😅😃🤗😏
I really hope they build on this mode and make it a mode that stays like team rumble.
Please Nerf how many damage the guards do and their aimbot AND also change how many Wolfs come after you during Dusk. PLEASE do this.
Fortnite sa severs
The trailer could have been batman waking up basically, I bet he first thought everyone was sus even if in the comic he was sort of passive.
This is actually one of the best modes you guys have ever made. I hope it becomes a main stay.
Bruh this is literally Ewok hunt from Battlefront II
This LTM is serious dogshit.  - Barely any weapons / ammo - Barely any shields - Can abandon squads at any moment and turn on your teammates (why? Are you trying to have casuals hate the community?) - Enemy spam (Wolves, Raptors, Boars, Ghosts). Seriously, during Dusk it is almost impossible to get anything done while time is ticking. - Can't see the progress of other squads. This is ridiculous, why have a squad run around the map for 3 parts while one team already has all 4.. - The bots need to be severely weakened. They practically have aimbot and have been able to eliminate me while I am gliding and teleporting with the Zero Point fish - Not enough materials to defend yourself. Fix this horrible piece of garbage.
Thought about it. It is called impossible 😂 maybe it’s meant to be freakin hard
The good thing is for me is that its not even creative made😅
Other people can take your chopper 😐
Taco time in next shop maybe?!
finally a good ltm but also can wait to be ruin by sweats
guooooooooo
Im getting save the world vibes man 😂😂😂😅😅😆
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉ ᵃⁿᵈ ˡᶦᵏᵉˢ ᵗʰᶦˢ ᶜᵒᵐᵐᵉⁿᵗ!!!
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉ ᵃⁿᵈ ˡᶦᵏᵉˢ ᵗʰᶦˢ ᶜᵒᵐᵐᵉⁿᵗ!!!
Lets gooo
This game still around?
Love this ltm need this all the timw
it gave... apex legends season 5 story missions ☝️🤓
Please Nerf the guards they have Literal aim bot
Can’t wait for the sweats to ruin this ltm just for a glider that they’ll never end up using
So basically save the world in battle royal
This is where the fun begins
Theory:EveryBody trying to escape the island because the animals are going on a rampage and the ghost are players who machine malfunctioned and are roaming the island killing anybody in their sight also some couldn't escape and they had to guard the towns such as:sweaty sands and boney barns. The people that escaped found a rift  where the cuddle team leader came out of and went inside then closes and then the rift will start reforming through out the season because the zero point will start getting brighter and brighter and getting more unstable the Fondation will be still inside of it  and everybody on the island will have to evacuate when the rift finally reforms when zero point is about to explode the Fondation quickly uses his super jump successfully goes into the rift before it closed and then we got futuristic theme season remember it just a theory but it might become real😞
whoa finally something new
epic games really except people play Fortnite like that I wish it was like that.
welcome to the hardest ltm
There's even ghost lmao
I successfully beat pvp and pve mode and it took all day goodnight comments
Bro this LTM sucks :1 why do I have to die in the storm while in a helicopter  is it supposed to be protecting me from the storm damage>:(  2.  Why the fu* the marauders can see me in the fog thay can and I can’t? And they kept following me during the match because they can see me through the fog 3. Why there’s not lotta guns  around the map and meds add more pls . So fix yo game mode 😐
This is gonna be my new favorite LTM I can tell.
This sounds like a horror movie and looks more difficult than battle royal
Now this is epic
Who else remembers 50v50 back in chapter 1?
Gia my dear, I would spend my whole life on a deserted island with giant ball of energy with you!!
This looks like the game sos a little bit. I might have to give it a try.
Wish I could play but I need that 64 bit Thang for my computer:(
Yo
Ghost ok call the Ghostbusters
Dear fort nite, can you add another update because I never got the spire challenges to get the extra style for raz
I can’t wait to play this
So they basically copied The Cycle gmae
Stop making exposed skins ok?
I miss flying a helicopter
WHAT A WASTE OF TIME i TRIED TO TEAM UP AND THEY ENDED UP KILLING ME
LETS GOOOOO
This looks actually fun
Not the dumb shadows
Uh oh
This is kinda like zombies cold war
Hey When Fortnite 7
why’d you make it so hard to find loot
Get to da chapa
Does that mean helicopters 🚁are coming back and you can mod them :)
What is the music from the trailer, it sounds so much like DOOM
Love the video song
I will solo this
There should be a proximity chat lol
*** A FUN READ *** 😭😂 Ahhhhh I’m not even kidding I got probably the most rare losses ever TWICE in a row - I got it recorded and am gonna put a video out of it soon as i can after get back from work and edit it - something caused me to lose within the last couple seconds both times. First time, playing with my bf, and we got a whole squad in the helicopter. I have 20 health, and nostalgia from back in the day wanted me to emote while riding. I accidentally emoted to leave my squad. I spontaneously combust, my previous teammate does the air horn emote probably thinking i was trying to grief them, and my bf and the other two get the vic roy and the sick free umbrella 😭😭😭💔 Second time right after that game we’re just together with no other recruited teammates and we’re almost to the finish line with the helicopter and it runs out of fuel the SECOND before we get to the circle you have to pass through in the air. We plummet down and we lose. WHAT?!?!?! I was in shock without words for so long... hilariously disappointing 😳😭😂
So y'all finally took shadowfall from us Legends    I'll just add it to the list
How long will this be out? I cant play for 4 days?!
When I saw the shadows I said  FORTNITEMARES IS BACK BABY
This mode is so fun and it makes sense for the theme of the season epic did a good job on this mode
Epic can u bring back Sarah Connor please
Minecraft lol
Bruh first round and no one wanted to be in my team and a dumbass even killed me in the end. I directly quit for real I was raging. The mode's good but why can't we just have a big team of 10 players trying to find the parts, defending each other etc. WHY ?!
So basically, gears of war escape mode ?
They do good for once.
This takes me back to Season 2 of Chapter 1 where the friendly fire was a thing and you could betray your squad. I hope this stays permanent it feels much more like a Hunger Games type of Battle Royale, could this mean we might get a Hunger Games Skin?
This game mode is good but there is one problem, my FPS drops and my ping is horrific
'Get to the Chappa'
It's giving me the first ever fortnite mare vibes where we had to survive the zombies.  Damn I really loved that hopefully this ll turn to be good too!
you don´t see this but can you add when you have the loading screen and the umbrella that you get a free wrap or a free backbling
Getting on Fortnite now :)
Great mode fun in PVE, but can't imagine how it would play in PVP since most of the 16 players end up getting eliminated early on.  Fix the server issues and random rubberbanding/disconnects and this mode will be top tier, also might be worth mentioning this would be a good permanent mode instead of ltm since Battle Labs hasn't been all that focused on.
Travis back
Buy skins for team up!
Imposible Escapar de Latinoamerica - El Modo
its not as good as it looks
Is this the survival mode epic was working on or is that something different?
*My guy be running for his life*
I played it and when I was in a choppa it blew up not by players the health was all the way up and me and my friend lost
FINALLY SOMETHING THAT ISN'T TRY HARD !!!! THANK YOU EPIC FOR THINKING ABOUT PEOPLE WHO PLAY JUST FOR FUN
Yes sir dead game? Man you trippin
first time i enjoyed myself in chapter 2 :D
YAY! Fortnite became an off brand Minecraft!
trailer kinda looks like cod ghosts extinction but the game play is gonna be different isn't it
No maten a su propio juego pls, Este juego era una joyita, Y hoy en día es un simple juego para niños de 10 años
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
Battiful modalities
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
I hate this LTM because my helicopter ran out of gas at the last second
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
No one cares
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
hi epic games i am a child and my dream and having the original Alerquina skin without being a comic book i spent 50 reais for 1,500 v-bucks and hope she comes to the store today 18th with the cat mulger please Epic games; -; I am 8 years old; -; and I’m flaming more please I want the Alerquina that has two styles in the store please I had to put a lot of v-bucks I spent 50 reaid for her to come
Escape from south america, clásico meme xd
Kind of a hot take I think it would be cool to have a limited time event with the chapter 1 map no robots mythics weapons ai characters and the og weapon pool and it should last about 9999999 days
I'm done with Fortnite goodbye...
Fortnite copied war zone?
If you’re team wins or people you are teaming up with wins, do you still get the umbrella?
Can you guys bring back the bigfoot to the item shop?
Back in the old days of fortnite, I would have never expected this game to be filled with all these mechanics, including animals and dinosaurs. Good on you fortnite.
WHY WHY EPIC WHY. WHY IS IT LIMITED TIME JUST WHY.   UnU  Edit: WHY. CANT IT BE FOREVER
fortnite plz make split screan play ltms
Bruh why is my helicopter falling down exactly infront of the escape??? It already happened twice
0:18   *Has fortnitemares flashbacks*
Love how u use the flares at the start
LATAM
Гавно режимы
This is dollar tree Dead By Daylight
Finally 🦠
The guards are way too overpowered pls need them and in the PvP mode there should be two choppers
Build a rescue helicopter
This has to be one of the best ltms since like tag
Where are the choppa things?
I HATE THIS GAME MODE ITS RIGGED
Pro!
get famous off comments DAY 8
Done
How do you team up with people
Arruma esse modo n deixa essa neblina #$&?!
Çöp
Imposible escape de latam xD
When is season six
the game mode is so hard i had the last peas to the helicopter and a bot killd me and did not evein put the peas on the helicopter for the hole game :(
Now i'm going to go back to fortnite
Thank u fonite i do not want gost to return
Omg I cant wait to play
This should really be a perm mode I love it
Yay something to have real fun!
They just copied apex
Awesome!
They make it look so damn easy
I was 40 min in then someone got on my choppa and killed me i was sooo mad
The guards ar op
This Chapter sucks, og fortnite with og map, that was a great game, remember this epic.
Hey epic
Team rumble takes a different turn
Only reasons I play fortnite   LTM CREATIVE INGANE EVENTS
I won finally
LaTaM pues tiene mucho sentido que no podamos escapar la verdad, saquemos de latam :'0
Escapando de latam
Shheeeesh
too good I'm playing it right away
What stw could have been
Fortnite: Full of either babies or people unable to co-operate  Fortnite Players: "We hate dying to AI's" Epic: "Guess what? I have a new idea for an LTM!"
Amazing and very nice
I mean, this will happen. Who will bring me the slogan of so-and-so, I will follow you, I will fly with joy Greetings.🌹💘💘
I LOVE THIS GAME...
Cool 😎 omg
Crashes way to much
Omg
Here comes the sweats in the PvP
Please I've been scared enough by the raptors,your telling me i will literally fight for my life now
I love this New LTM but i always fail😂 Good work epic ;)
Cuando quieres escapar de Latinoamérica trailer
Thats what i like   a like
If this is anything like the apex legends season 5 quest, I'm in
Da freaking black purple dude  :0
Keep this mode for the rest of the season this looks cool
them 3 need to learn how to aim(the wolves were even walking slowly)
Yo pense que decia Latinoamerica y yo pense no mames vamos escapar de Latinoamérica
LTM = LaTaM
Hey epic games can u bring scarface characters
muito foda
Do I receive a umbrella?
Just give the two items for free its impossible to win
thank you epic for 2027-2019
I like the game mode especially since their are henchmen it gives me a season 2 vibe.
Were escaping the loop finally
Please tell me this is here till Sunday cause I only play on Friday till Sunday :(
EPC pls pass sison 7 base in anime pls
This is basically stw
This is cool but dang the recoil on the primal AR sheeeesh
I’ve already got two wins in it
it kinda is cod zombies
This LTM is the BEST so far! And the music is sick in game!!
I got teamed up with just so I wouldn't kill them and then they left me :/
I got the loading screen, but not the umbrella.
This mode doesnt even feel like fortnite. Its so unique i love it
مافهمت ولا شي
Escape de LTAM, ese fortnite, ahora pon un un modo de brinca el muro.
POV: minecraft
😎
go pls 12 season
Ooo
🎉🎉🎉
Omg hey guys I'm verified! And I'm gonna say very generic things to get likes!
In going to be playing on my mum’s computer then be screaming for my life with da boys
Chopper is back???
So basically you made an ltm that made you piss your pants off?
YES NEW LTMS
*Freakin’ sweet!*
Pense que decia IMPOSSIBLE ESCAPE LATAM JAJSJSJAJSJ
Hi
Fortnite is a boring gane
Awwwww. what adorable raptors. I want to ride one
Holy I walked in to the cringiest comment section ever
Epic please keep this as a permanent mode, it's so cool!
is this fortnite or what?
Sypher PK has been talking about this for so long! I wish I could tag him @sypherPK haha
imposible escape de Latinoamérica  😱
This LTM was so good! Y’all really did it this time. Good Job Epic!!
It look so goodddddddd and so interesting
Thanks epic games and can't wait for season 7
This is the mode i was waiting for. Lets goo epic
xd
Like si leíste Escape de LATAM
fix throw building now
This LTM looks so awesome 🤩 and very well done and it matches the season of Primal
I unlock all rewards alone 😥
That looks pretty *epic*
I hope this ltm is here more then once
This mode us dumb
I was playing this when I tried to team up with somebody who has 3 hired Npcs and a bunch of Raptors and surrounded by Guards
This looks fun
Ghost again oh hell no
This looks so cool
l4d fortnite
its a cool umbrella but its hard :c
The music gives me doom eternal vibes
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ'ˢ ʷʰᵒ ˡᶦᵏᵉˢ ᵃⁿᵈ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉ,
Back to hauling a truck load of bandages and Medkits and having to revive everyone...
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ'ˢ ʷʰᵒ ˡᶦᵏᵉˢ ᵃⁿᵈ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉ,
This mode definitely makes sense with the season. Wolves and raptors now have a purpose here!
We tried to escape 😐
Yeeeeeeeeees. I'm so glad. I will play it!!!! I can not wait!!!!!!!!!!!
Seems nice!
I hate it
Fix the ltm I keep dieine from the shadow and wolves
Any toxic players here
The Squad has dropped down on the island in Fortnite Battle Royale! Build the rescue helicopter! Deploy the life line! And save the squad!
So Fortnite is copying Apex once again lol
Ok ok this is actually good
Epic games can you give Robbiemaxx  the Batman zero points Skin  because it’s his   Birthday it’s ok if do not just he would love it the skin
Epicooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, espero nos sorprendan con nuevas maneras de jugar
Recuerdo que fortnite era muy jugado
This looks better than Save the World XD
Bring back food fight bring back food fight bring back food fight
where is the helicopter?
Wow so cool
This gives me 'ISLE' vibes
Apex quest season 5 be like
0:02 is sus
Bruh look at that aim tho (Aimbot)!
Yassssassasd
Good Work Epic
It’s really laggy
its literally impossible T-T
Dead game
i got so hyped!!!
You know this is cool once you see the trailer
This mode definitely makes sense with the season. Wolves and raptors now have a purpose here!
one of the best limited time modes, Fortnite is back on track!
stop scamming people with your garbage new skins epic games
Can't play this my TV won't work
I feel like this is somehow connected to the storyline.  We got some hints of something like this in the lore description of Tarana, and I feel like this is connected to that. This could have something to do with the characters trying to escape the loop, or something to do with Tarana's "visions of a long-gone world." Who knows? With the end of the season just around the corner, who knows what will happen once this LTM leaves (something probably will happen relating to this LTM after it leaves). It'S jUsT a ThEoRy.
So this is basically save the world
Ah mais c ça " l'Open World" 😂
I stopped playing  fornite a long time ago but I might come back if the gamemode is fun
it took me 37 minutes to escape, this game mode is really intense. I like it.
Can you add a recycle skin option for locker because I accidentally purchased the Survivors in Arms bundle and I didn't want it, and I also accidentally purchased the Aura skin, and I'm a man. I don't wear girl skins. I wish I could do that. Also if you recycle a skin that is equipped in a set locker of it's own, it should change to default if no skins are marked as favorite. Or change to random favorite. This idea is very useful because I accidentally pressed X when I was looking in the item shop. PLEASE??? It'd be on the below the loading screen option.
Fortnite is the best game ever, stop playing roblox and play fortnite!
Imposible escape de latinoamerica el titulo Xd
Creí que decía escape de Latam
Rust lord in the trailer, that gives me nostalgia to old trailers from the guided missile and sesson 4 trailer
I can't wait to bite everyone
this looks great except for the shadows I hate those things
This looks good 💴💷💵💶
Nice game mode epic
would be fun to play if you didn't constantly disconnect me mid game
Hate the game mode already
yay more animal abuse
I already won this mode and it was fun + good idea how to make new friends
Can you fix the part where you freeze for no reason then you get kick out for an error
imagine copying fortnite again
the ltm is so laggy
Escapando de LATAM???  Grandes fornite, increíble
Jesus there's gonna be so many 9 year old greifers but it looks fun
Stop suing Apple and let us play this on iOS.
I am getting annoying at this point but when is Fortnite coming back to iOS? What happened?
Imposible escapar de Latinoamérica 🥵
For a person who plays stw daily dis gonna be a easy dub
Wow I cant wait to play it and get that sick ass glider!
Lmao just play STW
مافهمت
Ww
NOBODY CARES ABOUT THIS GAME ANYMORE
*this is the best LTM*
FINALLY WE SEE RUST LORD AFTER SO LONG
Wowwwww
Tip to win this gamemode  Kids there is a lot of them are they are dump and this gamemode needs someone to figure out things and kids love watching tiko and other cringe youtubers so when the cringe youtubers eplain for exa brani gattu and other fortnite  bosses youtubers make a vid bout this mode kids will watch it and will understand that u have to make FRIENDS to win So just wait a. Lil bit
Shadows are back😑
GHOSSSSTSSSS!!!
The ltm is cool thanks epic
This LTM is HORRIBLE,because its lagging to much
So cool
This is why epic is smart
Epic i love you
Love how there's love for this, but not the actual PvE mode aka STW that could desperately use this.  Still a good LTM though.
Epic you are killing the game modes 👌
it takes too long to complete
Yo that ltm looks sick.
I finnaly got this umbrella after 20 rounds
Letsgoooo
Why does this feel like Cycle?
Apex did it first
Copy form apex it's like the shadows event smh
Pls bring back Gia 😪
So it's a lot like left 4 dead 2
I hope that the survival mode helicopter would be in future season
Yay
AAAAAAHHH a dino :/
This is an LTM? I thought the leaks indicated this was to be a permanent mode.  Oh. Oh well.
E P I C O
Finally, a good LTM
Soooo save the world... 😐
0:18 I think everyone got scared when T H E Y showed up 😣 flashbacks there B E G I N N I N G
Hey! Un nuevo modo para los latinoamericanos :v   Escapando de Latinoamérica ( LTM) xd  Rhigt now xd
This thing looks insane ngl
Epic plss put Travis in the itemshop
What's that skin? The first one (female)
Epic games please kan i have my skins  please  i have  all of the skins its my birthday
BUILD THE CHOPPA  And off to the rescue!
Isnt this just like escape from tarkov
i like the concept of this but winning is honestly so difficult.  idk if it's just me but i swear by the time im able to start the quest someone has already completed it.  kind of annoying as i literally just want the umbrella and thats it but everyone i try to squad up with instantly kills me
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉ ᵃⁿᵈ ˡᶦᵏᵉ...💫
Wow a good ltm after I leave fortnite for school
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉ ᵃⁿᵈ ˡᶦᵏᵉ...💫
Imposible escape LATAM
So just fortnite zombies now
Good job 👍👌
This is so epic
I see what they are going for. A type of rust feel you know.
Fix your servers.  Im lagging so hard.
Escapate of latam
Ojala este disponible si algun dia tengo la oportunidad de jugar :3
Ngl i forgot this game existed i don’t hate it i just dont play it and i forgot about it lol
I’m seeing sypherPk making a video about this today.
Finally a game mode that’s actually good
This LTM looks actually kinda decent
Why’s this gamemode extremely laggy?
They should nerf The raptors and The Wolfs. If they Charge at you,and you only have a smg, you are dead
Now I just need friends to play with...
Cool gamemode very very hard to complete.
Midas’s Shadow Army?! Hey, as long as we can play as the shadows again, I’m fine with their inclusion.
Free parachute! I'm in.
omg is so cool
No saquen el fornite de play 4 la mayoría de sus jugadores no son YouTubers no puede. Hacer eso xfa
Yes I love been waiting for this I’m gonna lay this with me and my cousin and my brother
Hope that there will be a fortnite survival version in the future like rust or minecraft
So just a cod zombies knock off
Is it out now in fortnite
Soy yo o ahí dice escape de latino américa
It’s lit
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh
Fortnite making good game modes again?
Left 4 Dead 2: The LTM
IMPOSSIBILE STO CAZZ0 L'HO VINTA.   800A
Omg
SHEEEESH
Imposible escape latam
10/10 Gamemode we need more like this.
WOWWWW
👍👍👍
so hyped
This brings back memories of horde rush. Can't wait to try it out
This umbrella I want
1k subs no video?
Kind of like Scavengers.
Don’t limit it, keep it FOREVER!
good job ;)
I will give it a shot
😀😀😀😀😱😱
This looks insane!!!!!!
Lol I’m new but will this be in the battle royals?
Save the World!
LATAM simulator
Actual content?
Nais
Epic games. What the heck. Im about to get it and win but my teammate just wasted our time flying all game and our choppa just broke and eliminated all of us. Username: Overheist Pls ban the guy I reported
No hasta fornite lo dice inposible escapar de latam
trashnite
This looks better than battle royale
This looks terrible. You guys hate wolves and raptors? We hear you! We made an ltm that has more of them!
Epic I still play your game a little bit but I saw your ad for Nintendo I saw that there game is more smoother it’s not fair console players for example me I’m a PS4 player and they get smother gameplay so please make PS4 and X box’s players smoother gameplay
اك
Dang I cant wait to play this and get the glider......hopefully
"LATAM the gamemode"
Lag is ruining this season.  It's gotten to the point where it's unplayable.
This is giving me “Save The World” vibes
I will play for sure!!!!!
is this even fortnite
now that is what I am talking about
bruh, maybe if we can play the game in stead of stand still and die to wolves
I got to go and play fortnite
That girl sessy😂
Get to the choppa!
Stw v2
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES!!!! FINALLY!!!!!!!!
Oh no ghost's are back
Fortnite is dead
I can say; this mode is sick
This is EPICCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
Está perronsisimo el nuevo modo de juegooo
Quien penso que era escape de latinoamerica
Soooo....this is Minecraft
Epic games really had to make a dream Manhunt pretty sick though
This actually looks fun lol
Anyone knows what is the name of the skin at the start?
I wished they added king kong or godzilla
People that ONLY have the escapist umbrella can like this.
Habia leido escape imposible de latam xd
Basically Black Ops zombies in fortnite
unico español pero la que aparece al principio del tralier puede ser la hermana de tarana y tambien aparecen los moustros de midas y creo que un estilo de la skin de ave rapaz mi teoria
The getaway: primal edition
LTM Favorite Epic Games.
escape de latinomerica 🥵🤑🤙🏽
*Smack* Noice
HOLY SHDT
It's fun but I'm getting sweet people they just kill
I think an Destroyed Choppa glider could be better.
Yeah don’t you just love it when you have no friends online
Oni chan
ayee that LTM looks sick
Hassan hi
▁ ▂ ▄ ▅ ▆ ▇ █ “ᴵ’ᵐ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˡᶦᵏᵉˢ ᵃⁿᵈ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉˢ ᵗᵒ ᵐᵉ !!!! █ ▇ ▆ ▅ ▄ ▂ ▁
I feel like Epic games should still add the heroes of goo jit Zu
I 'm gonna play it right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The trailers make it look so fun so then you play it and some sweat edit courses you 😔
:D
Epicgames please tell me either this mode is bewitched or it is cursed, but I generally cannot pass, or many players die, I am alone and the main miner is in the zone, or they just kill me.
""Pray for those people who are suffering from covid........❤️❤️🙏🏻""
Imma crouch spam
Latinoamericana: el modo de juego
0:18 the shadows from Fortnitemares!!!!! The comunity: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Looks like fun, cant wait to get my boys to try this
So cool
Escape LATAM
Its laggy, cant even play normaly
This looks amazing
This mode very bad
Hi
Wow
Can you team in PVP mode?
lo jugue hace 5 minutos en mi swicht y se cayo y ya no lo pude jugar porque se distorsionaba :C no es enserio
Primal version of The Getaway LTM lol
Why is everyone in these trailers always the worst shot ever🤣 0:10 WHAT ARE YOU AIMING AT!
Pretty cool
When’s the primal hunters set returning, their getting rare now.
This is gonna be a good LTM
Fire
dEaD GaME loL 🤡🤡🤡🤡
epic
thank you epic
No le dan
I'm from Latam, and when i read "Impossible Escape LTM" i understand Impossible Escape from Latam xd
For those who aren't understanding it well: This is a LTM where you have to build a Choppa and escape, that's why the name is Impossible Escape and you have to find the parts of the chopper. If you die, you become a Zombie like in Halloween event from 2020 I saw in the trailer that the Zombie had Wolverine's claws so we might be seeing that. So you have to survive, kill animals, enemies, zombies and finally build a helicopter to escape! Thank me with a like so other people who need help can see.
Oh no ghost ARE BACK :(
Queso de hebra sencilla de una temporada no me lo
Bruh no one likes to become a team mate in this mode  Kill and dance or take the L that's it  😭
well i played for the umbrella and i was solo and got killed multiple times but one time i sat by the heli and it got fixed i hit the pilot with the pump 2 times and his squad got me to 5hp but i succeeded and i was the one with a big brain.
YOU DONT GANNA BELIEVE ME BUT I CLUCH UP THERE WAS 5 MIN LEFT AND SOME STUPID PERSON DESTRODE THE CHOPPA AND I NEDED 2 MORE PART OF A CHOPPA AND I CLUCH UP AND THE ZONE WAS COMING IM THE FORTNITE DREAM😎😎😎😎
Modo de juego : escapa de latinoamerica
waht coming the update fortnite?
Epic just did an amazing job on this
IM SO EXCITED!!!!
This is nice
Now kids, this is the type of thing fortnite used to be. 50 v 50 had no respawns. Food fight with turrets. Guided missiles. Say what you like below, but as soon as the awesome OP stuff like guided missiles, planes and/or zombies were removed, was it really interesting? The same thing over and over. Get in a game, wreck some kids, win. Now its home renovations in 20 seconds and a strict meta. No room for individual strats or fun. We used to dance alongside thanos.   What I am trying to say is, nice ltm. I am going to come back and see if the crazy fun that was in seasons 1-7 has returned.
Dead game lol
Ngl that looks kinda cool
This is epic!
Thanks for always providing content that I can record videos on 😂
Epic leave the ltm until next week Sunday I have school please
Getting Famous off the comments day 11, so I can be livin' the dream later 🗺️
Pls Epic games fortnite x Luna park
This more might just get me back into fortnite
Its gonna be crazy!
Construimos o helicóptero, mas a gasolina acabou no caminho ai ele caiu e explodiu :(
Built a squad  Revived my teammates  Got fuel Built the choppa  One left the squad as we were on the choppa flying out and eliminated us all 😐
yes let go
Fortnite thank you for the free umbrella and loading screen
Save the world vibes
So i guess its like rust
Al comienzo pensé que decia imposible de escapar de LATAM
Impossible Escape LaTaM Trailer - Fortnite
it's very god
Wahhhhhhhhhhh!
This looks sick
love your games epic
By the way new emote
YESSS SURVIVAL MODE SDIAHDSHFJDS
this looks so good
Fortnite should do in creative to choose a gun and to create it by your own. Is this a good idea or not?
👏🤙
This ltm should be like a permanent 4th mode. I’d definitely play the hell out of this with some friends.
LETS GOOO NEW LTM
Looks so cool
I can't lie it really good this time good job
So its minecraft
Im so Fricking Excited for this !!!
looking at the trailer u can tell this LTM is epic kinda reminds me of the LTM called Horde rush.
Why is it an ltm
Dude this mode is just like the fight or fright mode in apex, this game sucks
Boys, this is what we've been waiting for!
LETS GO!!!!!! SHADOWS ARE BACCC
Epic games making epic games
Cuando e visto el título pensaba que ponía imposibol scape latam
I won second try😎
I must play this
This is just a ripoff one COD zombies!
It looks like fornite chapter 2 season 7
Ngl looks mad fun
This is literally the hardest LTM and there are even some problems like I was lagging a lot when its night
Who goin play this?
This is amazing!
This is HYPE
love it  ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
Dude this is amazing
looks good
I love the umbrella n loading screen so I will definitely be playing this tonight
Epic games can you add the guided missile back to fortnite
So it’s just ewok hunt
But for Middle East Server there is a Lot of Lags And You get stuck
1 v 1 me bot
... this actually looks good... See you all there I guess.
Ahhh yes good old Save the world but better
Me gusta
I know u have made a hard effort epic but because of chapter 2season 6 my friend left the game because the game is bad now so this doesn't add up
Looking forward to playing this! Great Job Guys!
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Question: What is the skin we see at the start of the trailer? Is it new or has it been in the store before?
Fortnite  Rip 😞
Congratulations Fortnite, You have officially copied minecraft!
ESCAPEN DE LATINOAMERICA
It looks so fun
Wait can you kill players?
Mission impossible
They should make a perm gamemode like team rumble it was a ltm then they made it a perm gamemode
Why ghosts its impossible
So basically Ark, nice.
It looks clean ngl
Keep it up! Epic Games
There’s ghosts from chapter 2 season four fortnite mares
Yes
Fix your game
Yes
I spend most of my time in „Recording“,“Editing“,“uploading“, but no one supports me 💔 I need all my brothers and sisters support 🙏🙏🙏😭😭😭😭😭😭8
Y is epic throwing now,epic was winning now apple is:(
the amount of raptors in the trailer scares me
Omg 🤯 nice👍
Dang nice one! Save The World with raptor
החזירו את הצופאה  תענו לי מישהו מישראל??
Killing Raptors gonna be hard
Cuando no le van a copiar a cod
Ride wife Life good  Wife fights back Kill Wife Wife gone Think about wife Regret...
Yes this what I have been waiting for yes my favorite ltm once I try it looks so fun cant wait till I'm out on my break of online school yes.
visitor18360 here im guessing this ltm is out
No one gonna talk about the shadows from fortnitemares 2020 are back
I can’t wait to play this with my friends LOL
While the umbrella isn't good, the loading screen and game mode are amazing. I had a blast playing this!
This looks like a fortnitemares event! Cool
Claim your "Before 1 hour ticket here" 📑
OH WOW
That music tho
Wow
This is bad my charecter keeps freezing and I disconnet
YAY IT RELEASED!
Half cinematic or am I tripping 🤔
So don’t even think is in fortnite now
This is going to be amazing, I couldn't wait until It came out!
OMG
OMG
Looks fun
Why is my ping crap in this?
great how they show raptorian but not give him a sword pickaxe
Alt title: pain the minigame
Like Apex Legends PVE
Fortnite Save The World be like     Really nigga
This is in squads?
Kay skedadudlers
estas son las personas que hablan español  estoy en compu assi que no puedo poner el dedito abajo :v , pero dale like si hablas español ;-;
Yay something fresh!
I wish it was like this because it’s hard to get the Brielle when people kill
👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
I have done it
Ok
This looks wild!
everyone: **asks for a zombie game mode** epic:**releases something better**
this is just minecraft
I think they said, "imposible scape from latin america" xd
Why cant this be a unlimited time mode
i’ve been waiting for this one 🤞🏾
This gonna be fire 🔥
noooooooo the shadows are back
okay but why does this look fun?
This won't revive your game game
0:18 was that shadows
Peace is not the option
This is good 👍
@Fortnite cant play cuz of psn idk if its fn
Love this Fortnite update❤️
Now that look like a good way for taking a break after sweating for a long time.
Genial ahora hay un modo de escapar de latino américa 😀
So your making left 4 dead, but in Fortnite?
I WILL GET THE BRELLA
Ur game literally going to fall down
I didn't like it i love it
Piggy in fortnite?
𝙲𝚑𝚎𝚌𝚔𝚎𝚛𝚎𝚍 𝚁𝚞𝚜𝚝 𝙻𝚘𝚛𝚍
i have been waiting for this for a very long time
ITS SO HARD! But I will try again Until i got the brella!
that looks insane!!
Cooles Video
you know nobody is finna play this except for the 13 year old xbox kids right
Pls make this a staying mode
I wonder what the end event will be🤔
Nice
Dope af. I'll be playing this this weekend.
At 0:19 is that shadows fro. Hollowen
Bro fortnite is being killing it recently Imma download the game again ig
So this is basically all my nightmares put into one.
So it’s just eventide island from breath of the wild? I’m ok with that lol
Loading up!!
Give us more refund tickets
fortnite oysters this is super hurry me in my classes and i will play as fast as i fache
Cool
Wow this looks amazing
fortnite x ark
Epic Games nos está diciendo de forma indirecta como escapar de Latinoamérica :v
This is going to be my favorite ltm
zombies are back lezz go
Ghost 🤨
copying cod zombies exfill lol
Yeees shadow slash
omg
This will be so sick
lol
Woah, this reminds of Minecraft. No wonder it’s in my recommended
Looks fun
Now I’ll have to wait another 60 mins for the update. Oof 😥
nose si fui  el unico que penso que decia escapa de latinoamerica
Let’s go
Amazing.
Man I wish u can add animals in creative
I already got the umbrella
Best ltm
I hate this game mode everyone is toxic
Now this what I call wild
why are the servers so bad though
E
THIS IS SICK
I just played this game and i was so close to win and i found all things need to build a choppa but somebody stole it! now i had a very bad ending:(
They actually used motion capture for the first time in a while.
I better see this return seasons from now.
ITS SO BAD TO MANY BOTS NO HEALING AND I TRY TO FRIEND PPL BUT THEY KILL ME👎
Excellent
latam lo mejor
Helll no
Looks cool
No one would team up with me in game. Now I'm sad.
Basically a Left 4 Dead mode in Fortnite
Looks Sick!
Now the little Timmy's no what sypherpk was talking abt lol
Oigan que no LTM es Latinoamérica 🤔😂
less goo
Me: bring back food fight  Epic:
Is this Fortnite or PvZ?
Are ghosts actually back in this ltm I haven't had a go yet
Lesr gooo
worst LTM i ever seen and play
so cod zombies but with animals and ghosts
Can’t wait to play this
ta qlero
For real? On a weekday? Screw you guys.
OMG
Reminds me of save the world
THIS ISNT A CREATIVE MAP??? POG
Nice👌
:o
Good
where is the Fortnite crew Tuesday reward for today?
Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!
Will heli copters come back plz tell me plz,zzzzzzzz
✌️
we need more modes like this epic no really!
my time to shine
What about working on save the world
Haish
escapando de latinoamerica
game mode is bugged
This game won’t die any time soon
Yeah next do flying cars lmao
well I'm grounded so I won't be playing this anytime soon.(or ever)🙂🙂🙂
Won It first try
👏👏👏
i didint play it yet but it looks like its awsome
Finally something good
John Wicks ltm was fun. And the other one with the diamond Lama when you escaped with something like the reboot van. Was in the good old fortnite. What was the Name of the ltm again?
Wow this is the same mode as apex (The quests of season 5)
Subnautica be like
My choppa crashed 50m away from the goal
SHADOWS there back
Eu fui o único que sentiu que esse é o trailer de uma nova temporada?
Let's go
Very cool LTM but very laggy
I've had enough of this season
This...actually looks good might play it later
Fortnite: Impossible Escape  Also Fortnite: Escape!
THAT LOOKS SO GOOD
Please epic make it happen
yooooo
LTM Scaping In Latinoamerica XD
fortnite i have an issue with fortnite i cant play fortnite for some reason when i launch fortnite the easyanticheat pops up then the first loading thing come then my fortnite closes can u help me pls
I just want first map not Ltm
I thought it said LTN 🤯
don't tell me ghoust are back in the game!
Imagine if fortnite had a pve gamemode......oh wait...
This actually looks.... Impossible
I love this
MY BOI RUST LORD IS FINALLY IN A TRAILER AFTER SO LONG!!!
This looks cool
Fortnite is slowing 💀
I like the music
thank you, epic games
more modes like this PLEASEEEEEEE
Sa change que les gens tryhard
eh sido el unico que penso "imposible escapar de latam" xd
Epic games bota versão para sansung Galaxy j5 prime por favo para eu poder jogar por favo
Bring the choppers back
*This Looks Amazing! Can't Wait To Play After School!*
Can this ltm can be till Sunday my exams are going on in the school 🏫😫😩🙃😴
Oh shiz ima play this for sure
🤬🤬🤬👎👎👎👎👎
y quien quiere salir de LTM?
😍😍😍😍😍😍🤩💥💣
I love this game mode
Okay Okay so it’s just a bit like save the world
Was expecting the bat cave poi got this instead....
This kinda reminds me of the hoarde rush ltm
LOVE THIS LTM REALLY FUN
The aged dark side of party royal lmaoooooooo
what da hel so cool
LTM= LATINOAMERICA saquen sus conclusiones
Good job!
OMG nueva actualización de fornite se ve muy buena la actualización 👌👌
Just saying it would had been clever if they made this the Aloy game mode. With the survival and mechanical aspect it would had been Pog.
الهلي رجعت ولا؟؟؟
Smh
Ooh fun, Minecraft got an update!
Is it just every AI ? because I thought I saw the spirits from Halloween last year..
Bruh
That’s a sik Ltm
iosi need india please epic
this trailer is amazing i want to play this ltm right now.when is this going to come epic games?
Imposible escapar de latino América creo que leí mal el titulo    XD
can't wait to play this LTM, this weekend.
👏
bruh why did the sqaud at the start have the worst aim ever the wolrd were right in front of them
Yoooooo 🥵🔥
Really shadows again
Not gonna lie this is hype
Fun LTM, but everyone leaves... the PVE one
Awesome Ltm fortnite!!!
they copied zombies smh
Is this a coop game mode?
I've been wafting for this
What the Heck
Is this a free mode or is it a safe the work type?
I'm play this now and amezing
This looks amazing! Great job epic! As always
This look awesome
Woah this LTM is really good  I thought it would come after
Managed to do PVE and escaped first try
wow
This game is gae
* Comentario en español *
This game mode is so original, not like a game already exists like this😂 well done Fortnite👏👏👏👏👏👏
sypher where u at
Love this LTM
This LTM looks sick!
Wow
Epic games can you please add the zero point into creative mode I have always wanted it in and if there is a way to get all styles of the zero point in creative I would appreciate that
Next season please actually Add good stuff
Hi.
This should of been a Halloween ltm
But thanks for the Beast Boy skin it's the best
Bruh i been playing this mode for 2 hours straight and i haven’t got a win because my teammates keep dying to bots like wtf they didn’t even die to dinos or ghost
This new mode is do stupid, it's very hard to win
Quién más creyó que decía escapando de Latam osea Latinoamérica xD
Great tlm yeah, but what about the new minimap?
Sa a trop changé fortnite🥺😖👎
OLD MAP , MÁS JUGADORES
Please make it a perma ltm
Hey fortnite why not for one day you don't put your v-bucks for free
If someone says dead game.... want you to make something better. They work really hard on this game and I think its kind of rude to say this game is bad, they try there hardest to make/update the game for us. So stop saying it's a bad game. Thank you.
The music to this LTM is giving me castle crashes vibes
I was the first to play the ltm, after the devs of course
super cool epic good worck
Pensé que decía escape de Latinoamérica
Epic Games please bring back Choppas
Escapar de LaTinoaMerica
WOW HYPE! GOOD LTM
this looks amazing
I won omg
:o
0:09 IM FEELIN’ A BIT OF AIM ASSIST IN MY BONES
SAQUENME DE LATINOAMERICA PLS
siiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
These comment's are getting fortnite popular again i see 🧐🧐🧐🧐 hmmm yes
Good ltm
Круто круто
I haven't played this ltm yet but I Know it's good
omg
WOW THIS IS GOOD LTM
epik games please let us play the game let iran people play thes game we do nothink wrong  please read thes please help us
This, looks, BALLER!
gream game
Anyone who wants to get that umbrella hit me up on Xbox @BoomUrDead4994 Or snap mr_s9994
Bro when I get on I know what I’m doing dope trailer epic
wowww
2592525184145185141451nokıuhuhuo9j98ıj9j9j956255-uyhgguyftr6f1465144gytrf4747474777=4564185454896541894941974546235kjujtfd452454478479874m m77987
Is it out now!!??
Abi turklet bir laki
Minecraft arena vibes
FORNITE IS SO GOOOD
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎😭
This looks really fun
Epico
this hust looks amazin!
Haven’t seen Fortnite in my recommend page for a month Fortnite is dying
I had a dream about an ltm like this a year ago
Wow
Am excited
LETS GO I CANT WAIT TO PLAY!!
this look fun!!!
It looks like the same from season 5 even with a reward coming to you
Just give us season 7 alrdy season 6 is beyond ass never thought I’d hate on something fortnite does
Pls green stily luminos
Ima play. Just Got home now
This aint it chief.
Woah
I did it
Lol
Aheeeeh
i cant wait to try this ltm, but i have school
I’ve just came home from school WTF this looks amazing 🇬🇧
traduccion del titulo: imposible el escape de latam
اسطوره💪
Escape from Latam
korniszon
Lets go
yes the chops
Not never update
finally ltms are coming back ,,,, i miss the old times when different ltms were releasing all the time *sigh* that was the good ol days
fortnite: makes survival mode me: M I N E C R A F T
Hord rush 2.0 w
epico
Where the code for cat woman code
Before: LTM Mandalorian Now: LTM Imposible Escape
Wow
Now this is what I've been waiting for
travis scott 🤬🤬🤬🤬😡😡
como escapar de latinoamerica
MY FRIEND AND I DID OUR FIRST WIN BUT IT WAS FOR THE LOADING SCREEN I THOUGHT IT WAS FOR THE UMBRELLA IM SO DEPRESSED
This is very fun, very creative. Nice 👍
OMG THIS LOOKS AWESOME
This is nice
هل فيه فاعل خير ويعلمني وش السالفه بالعربي🌚وشكرا مقدما😁
Best aim in 2021 0:10
When does it come out
😅 not gonna say the best ltm but it's the 2nd best🙂😍
The game is good but plz the guards are op they have aimbot + the guns are soooo rare but good job :)
When can we play this LTM ? Bc it’s looks really fun and is there a reward if you win?
i haven't played fornite in a bit this makes me want to play
ayo that looks like a mojang production
This is the best thing I ever seen and it’s like a mix of my BEST fav mod that goes with the wild card!
I realy appriciate the work that Epic Games has done!!!
omg
siiiiiiuuuuuuu por fin escapare de Latinoamérica xd
Guys can you add toon midas plz
why does this actually look fun
Bruh they copied Cod Zombies outbreak
i like the brella
"TEAM UP" People who like history: *IMPERIAL FORTNITER LIBERATION ARMY*
Amazing!!
This will be epic
Og tilted
0:18 Fortnitemares Flashbacks
WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
impossible to escape LATAM, hehe
Holy this gamemode looks amazing
Escapa de latino América jajajajajaja a muy buen modo Great
Fornite es el mejor juego del mundo de lo que se pierde el que diga que no
Did it come out today
DAMN IM EXITED
Nice
This is so good plis don't clear tis gamemode
Who else saw naruto
He finally came out 😃
Hi fortnite
DAMM
Bring back fortnite on ios
Ganamos algo?
Finally released!
So basically left for dead
Sheessssssssshhhhhhhhh
I LIKED GHOSTS GKAD THEY ARE BACK
I gotta clean that pog juice
Nice love it
This actually looks kinda sick ngl
...........................................................................................
jge Etjnhbbyegebet
I think if the shadows are in this ltm shadow midas should be like a final boss before you fix the choppa
Hum i thought it was a minecraft calabolation thats why impossible escape camed bc its like minecraft survival
I just played it and I've already forthright umbrella. It took me 33 minutes as well.
Is nobody gonna talk about how much reference it is too battlefront 2's ewok hunt? THIS IS AWESOMEEEEEE
That’s so cool
This is just like battlefront 2 ewok hunt
Ltm is boring and to tedious to play. Fun in concept but a pain to play.
At night shadows attack
So basically its the battle royale version of save the world good job fortnite
Takes too long
DISSS ISSSSSSS SOOOO SICKKKKK
parece  Latinoamérica
This actually looks pretty fun
nice
Ratio
Very good survival mode and teaming with survivors. Really gave me a sense of fear when the wolfs spawned in. Me and my teammate thought about reaching to the high ground to survive but one downside. We had a full squad till another survivor was wanting to join us but full squad and I kept shaking my head meaning I’m trying to tell them no then he eliminated me and my teammates. If they was a emote saying sorry but full team at the moment but overall, very good equity game mode and specially the small cut scene at the beginning. Edit- it’s a little challenging unless you like a challenge.
Yoo can anyone tell why save the world is paid   ?
jaja
THIS LOOKS LIKE SO MUCH FUN
Siiiii
I mean Fortnite did kinda die, But the LTM looks good. Might try it out with few of my friends.
This looks like jurassic park
AMAZING GAME MODE MORE, MORE keep do things like this epic!!! :) 🤯👍👏👌
wow fortnite is getting better isnt it?
lol the wolf got one pumped
I love how you have done the helicopter crashing I love it
Unban jarvis he just wanted to show that you shouldn't use ambot
:0
So save the world in battle royale?
well i was quick
Very nice Ltm epic keep up the good work!
This LTM is so boring. Well done Epic!
OMG
Esto va estar bueno 😎
this is the broken ghost from apex
Dood ltm mod
Is this squads or 16 or 32 people lobby
The ltm looks AMAZING. Great job, epic games!
SICK
Ein so unfassbar schlechtes game ich spawn in eurem scheiß Ltm ohne Waffen direkt neben kleinen hs mit aimbot
Cool
🔥
Lets goooooo
Imposible Escape LTM  LTM: LaTinoaMerica xD
good LTM : )
Nice job epic!
So basically Minecraft
Gg epic Gg
It finally came out.
Put wolfs in the game pls
THET BROUGHT THE GHOSTS BACK LETS GO
its seys escape form latinoamerica ltm
parese que el trailer dise, escape de latinoamerica jajaja
Dameee
So its just ark with extra extra steps
0:12 stormtroopers?
Fortnite is getting really good
soy de Guatemala cerotes
RIP aim
Yayyyyyyyy
Epic were playing like bot in this trailer🥴
Man hopefully the leakers are wrong about marauders returning in this ltm I can already hear the theme
escapa de latinoamerca
can we get f in chat for person at 0:19  who missed the easiest shot
I swear the epic games employees have the worst aim 😂
Just saying looks like you guys may of copied apex
Nice+ 😍😍😍
Good gamemod,e but very difficult
Anyone know when this mode is coming out?
kinda save the world
This looks dope Nice job epic Games
Mucho taka
Planes yay
I'm going home from school now
Day  two of asking fortnite for a Spider-Man skin
THIS IS WHY I PLAY FORTNITE
U was expecting for this
insane.
Crei que salia la otra temporada
Looks sick!
Is just like save the world but is ok
This mode is SICK, just won both modes btw. Got the umbrella and loading screen.
Whoa
This mod ham bag
This is gooding too be good
impossible escape latam
this looks amazing
Al fin
So i can play
😂😁
Imma hop on the game
Für fortnäit ✊🏻
I would play but my xbox controller is so bad and my dream is to have a good pc
This looks hotter than the House fire I started.    Edit: Sorry for all the bots on my comment
i’m actually interested
This LTM is so good and the umbrella to go along with it is just perfection! Amazing work Epic 👏
The survial LTM? OMG!
OMG I GOTTA FINISH MY SCHOOL WRK FAST
I am alradY escaped
save the world free LTM
OPA BR FALANDO: agora sim fortnite me deu motivação pra jogar e upar esse passe...
Or maybe just play at The Cycle
So now the Shadow Slashers are now NPCs imagine if they added them into creative that also includes the ability to transformed into them
Imposible escapar de latam
I’m gonna love this
Literally just copied apex from s5 quest. Wow Fortnite, your running out of ideas
Sick LTM
Cool!
Virtual school.exe
is today any  cup? im want play my fist cup
Epic why didn't you add ltm's and creative plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz epic im begging you please
Escape de Latinoamerica... en pocas palabras.
hopefully this means choppas are coming back. I dont get why they ever vaulted them
super sad that i wont be able to play this :( i hope  it will be here all week long so this weekend i can play it
And heres the "Sandbox" Everybody was talking about
This looks sick!
LTM Latinoaamerica
I need to play!!
I wish gameplay was actually like the trailers. In PVP this mode is probably gonna be “Impossible Escape: Escape from people who build 5 Star Hotels in 2 seconds”
HOW LONG IS THIS GOING TO RUN
games dead
is it only me that literally EVERYONE in the trailer has horrible aim? if so, epic have bot lobbies rip 😬
That looks like fun! And good content!! I hope this LTM comes out monthly!
This looking hype
I'm calling it : Choppas are coming back next season baby!
Sick
ay pp bum
Something wrong with the recording mic?
hi
So it’s like a squad against the forces of nature.
Amazing! Haven’t played for a while but definitely thinking on trying this Ltm hehe
EPIC EU TO EM AULA AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
How here Misses hoard rush?
idc
This gamemode looks cool no cap
can I get wolfs in creative tho
wait GHOSTS
How to escape from latín América in the style of Minecraft: The LTM
Finally something fun and new
This looks awesome
Who still play fortnite ?
se parece a viernes 13 por que tienes que reunir las piezas
Ok cool
Is this out right now?
Fortnite is getting more and more creative with this stuff, NEXT IS BASKETBALL YESSIR
Lovin' it
hopefully there will be more LTM's like this in season 7
Los que pensaron que el título decía imposible escapar de Latinoamérica
OMG this really cool 😮😮😮😮
Ok then u have my attention, epic games
This is dope
This looks so fun! who else so  hyped up to play?
Deeeeemm😄😄😄☺☺😍 I like thies
HELICOBOBTERS
One good looking thing
L
I want fortnite mobile back that's the only platform I play on
All the bosses are back
I hope chopa back to season 7
I quoted fortnite but I could give this game mode a chance
Escape Latinoamérica
I like how fortnite think that this is how players play 😂✋
Minecraft in 8k 😂😂😂 (Jk it's really fun good job)
I dont like the pVp mode so many sweats 1pumping when I just want a squad
The aim in the beginning wasn’t the best even for trailer purposes
Nice nice
LETSA GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO LETS F"CK GO
Lol I’m early
Bruh that ltm is from apex...
This LTM looks AMAZING!!!
Yesssss
NOOOOOOO MATAN MUCHOS ALEX1000's
FortniteMares Is Back
Nice job Fortnite
is it on split screen
This LTM is amazing, but GIIIAAAAA 😩😩😩
love it even though i havent played it
This is literally an "Impossible Escape"
OMG OMF OMG
Que escape de Latinoamérica dice
RUN MAN 🔥🤣
Finally a LTM that I'm actually excited to play
UPDATE SAVE THE WORLDDDD
nice server epic games ???
Jesus is coming he loves you turn to him before it is to late
I am playing this after I finished swimming right away
omg
Hi
WAIT I JUST REALIZED THAT FORTNITE JUST COPIED APEX LEGENDS HALLOWEEN EVENT🤣 im definitely playing this mode.
Fortnite is a amazing game cause they come up with amazing ideas like this one every season gets better the thing is I miss the old map but still I love fortnite
Hey Fortnite can yall add more refund next season please and thank you
Its very good ktm we finallybget to team up and fight together
I am so exited to play it
Sheesh, looks good
howlong will it be out
This is the types of game modes i would play 24/7
The umbrella look bloody which is good
Sypher leaked this gamemode like a month ago
The best LTM ever
Yeh i would play yhis
Cool :)))
I got the vendetta flopper in this LTM
Yep yep Its finally here!😊
Awsm
Great job epic cant wait to try it👍
Finally a mode that makes the season better :)
I feel like this is gonna be like a party royale where everyone forgot about after a week
Yes Fortnite we asked for more dinosaurs
Alfin minecraft por fornite
Awesome
Imma try this ltm when it releases
Looks nice
Nice,wish i had a pc to play it lol
Once again they never fail to amaze and I’m super excited to play this LTM
Let's Facking GO
Pls the old Fortnite back
Wow 😯
It's amazing good job fortnite!
41000 st
SICKKK
who here plays on 60 fps or lower?
epic gamer moment
Fortnite is dead
Gia is a Badass
Holly $h*t this is heat
Ladies and gentlemen get ready for the ghosts again
Finally, a chance to get some primal missions done
Omgosh
Let’s do this I’ll be playing this ltm
That looks lit
Yoo this ltm is sick thanks epic games.
dude epic a player randomly got gun and killed me how to get guns
This is perfect ITS LIKE WHAT I WANT IRL
To the person reading this comment  You are awesome & hope you are safe  My dream is to hit 400 by my birthday 25th May, any help is appreciated 😆
This looks actually really cool
ITS SO GOOD   I WON
this looks so fun
epic game legendario
This looks like the br island not the leaked other island. Rip. Ltm still looks good tho
This looks good
Yo lei imposible escapar de latino america :v
Tloz versión fortnite I like it
Looks hard
I already got the umbrella! Im lucky
👍
Ok so it's Horde rush but better
I already winned the umbrella xD
This LTM is so good and the umbrella to go along with it is just perfection! Amazing work Epic 👏
Super fun Ltm
🔥
Ahh
@ender recarged
At 18 seconds there are shadows from Chapter 2 season 4
bro wtf is this it looks lit
More interesting in the song...  anyone know 🥺 ?
WOAHHHHH
Escape the LATAM . The LTM
Escapar de Latinoamérica el modo de juego xd
They should have called it "MISSION IMPOSSIBLE"
Did anyone else notice the ghost in the trailer!?!?
Wow  P V E
Cool! 🔥
Pineapples
Es una actualización?
مين يتفق معي ان فورت نايت صارت خايسه شوي
Shadows are back!!!
To all sweats playing this gamemode pls be nice and let the people win:)
Omg🙊
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉˢ ᵗᵒ ᵐᵉ....
Can’t wait to play this after school 😂
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉˢ ᵗᵒ ᵐᵉ....
I already see that only sweaty kids will win that ltm....
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉˢ ᵗᵒ ᵐᵉ....
I just wish the ppl in the pvp mode were smart enough to work together instead of just killing each other
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉˢ ᵗᵒ ᵐᵉ....
cool!
TELL ME THIS IS A ALL TIME MODE
oMG RuSTloRDs CoMINg bACk OMg
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉˢ ᵗᵒ ᵐᵉ....
Eeeeee
This is more as an update not an ltm
Fortnite mares is part of this YES
Fortnite you mad men this mode is crazy with a whole new play style. I love these modes
Imposible escapar de LATAM 😥
The ltm would be OK if you would find weapons your teammates wouldn't turn in you and if the mf wolves won't be there
CyberPunk music go BRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
I think they kinda copied cod zombies with that chopper exfil and stuff
Very cool
Might actually make me come back to fn temporarily
Let's go fortnite you did it again its gonna be a fun Ltm for all of us
Boş yapma eski map i getir
Can we have more endless hordes of enemies ltm
THIS GAME SUCKS WHO AGREED WITH ME
Wow
Pls make this permanent
Cool
Pls keep this forever
Wow
Great LTM
Bruh did anyone notice that the shadows from fortnite mares are back
hombre creí que era  escapar de latino américa xd            sáquenme de latino américa
Ghost
Good fortnit
This was really good
Wow 👁‍🗨✔️👁‍🗨
Wait are those shadow creatues back?! Oh that's going to be fun and awesome! I can't wait to see streamers and YouTubers get scared when playing this mode! 😂
Epic games being epic games. Nothing to really say
Great update 👍
Sounds fun! Almost feels like a STW mission
Lol this vid gets 29K views in 3 mins
Finally they thought of bringing some good content to the game
From what I saw on streams, it's nice for exp, glider is ight but it just gets boring after a bit so overall I say dis mode is 6/10
GET TO THE CHOPPA
bro why every 5 min the game freeses come on epic ur better than that
I'm ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉˢ ᵗᵒ ᵐᵉ ᵃⁿᵈ ˡᶦᵏᵉˢ ᵗʰᶦˢ ᶜᵒᵐᵐᵉⁿᵗ .....
Tfue eat his dog
Fortnite nerfed the raz boss and the  spire Guardians please.
Wow
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
This is impressive
Ugh fortnite
Is the shitty season over yet
Imagine there’s proximity chat. That would be amazing
Wow
Awesome
⡯⡯⡾⠝⠘⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢊⠘⡮⣣⠪⠢⡑⡌  ⠀⠀⠀⠟⠝⠈⠀⠀⠀⠡⠀⠠⢈⠠⢐⢠⢂⢔⣐⢄⡂⢔⠀⡁⢉⠸⢨⢑⠕⡌  ⠀⠀⡀⠁⠀⠀⠀⡀⢂⠡⠈⡔⣕⢮⣳⢯⣿⣻⣟⣯⣯⢷⣫⣆⡂⠀⠀⢐⠑⡌  ⢀⠠⠐⠈⠀⢀⢂⠢⡂⠕⡁⣝⢮⣳⢽⡽⣾⣻⣿⣯⡯⣟⣞⢾⢜⢆⠀⡀⠀⠪  ⣬⠂⠀⠀⢀⢂⢪⠨⢂⠥⣺⡪⣗⢗⣽⢽⡯⣿⣽⣷⢿⡽⡾⡽⣝⢎⠀⠀⠀⢡  ⣿⠀⠀⠀⢂⠢⢂⢥⢱⡹⣪⢞⡵⣻⡪⡯⡯⣟⡾⣿⣻⡽⣯⡻⣪⠧⠑⠀⠁⢐  ⣿⠀⠀⠀⠢⢑⠠⠑⠕⡝⡎⡗⡝⡎⣞⢽⡹⣕⢯⢻⠹⡹⢚⠝⡷⡽⡨⠀⠀⢔  ⣿⡯⠀⢈⠈⢄⠂⠂⠐⠀⠌⠠⢑⠱⡱⡱⡑⢔⠁⠀⡀⠐⠐⠐⡡⡹⣪⠀⠀⢘  ⣿⣽⠀⡀⡊⠀⠐⠨⠈⡁⠂⢈⠠⡱⡽⣷⡑⠁⠠⠑⠀⢉⢇⣤⢘⣪⢽⠀⢌⢎  ⣿⢾⠀⢌⠌⠀⡁⠢⠂⠐⡀⠀⢀⢳⢽⣽⡺⣨⢄⣑⢉⢃⢭⡲⣕⡭⣹⠠⢐⢗  ⣿⡗⠀⠢⠡⡱⡸⣔⢵⢱⢸⠈⠀⡪⣳⣳⢹⢜⡵⣱⢱⡱⣳⡹⣵⣻⢔⢅⢬⡷  ⣷⡇⡂⠡⡑⢕⢕⠕⡑⠡⢂⢊⢐⢕⡝⡮⡧⡳⣝⢴⡐⣁⠃⡫⡒⣕⢏⡮⣷⡟  ⣷⣻⣅⠑⢌⠢⠁⢐⠠⠑⡐⠐⠌⡪⠮⡫⠪⡪⡪⣺⢸⠰⠡⠠⠐⢱⠨⡪⡪⡰  ⣯⢷⣟⣇⡂⡂⡌⡀⠀⠁⡂⠅⠂⠀⡑⡄⢇⠇⢝⡨⡠⡁⢐⠠⢀⢪⡐⡜⡪⡊  ⣿⢽⡾⢹⡄⠕⡅⢇⠂⠑⣴⡬⣬⣬⣆⢮⣦⣷⣵⣷⡗⢃⢮⠱⡸⢰⢱⢸⢨⢌  ⣯⢯⣟⠸⣳⡅⠜⠔⡌⡐⠈⠻⠟⣿⢿⣿⣿⠿⡻⣃⠢⣱⡳⡱⡩⢢⠣⡃⠢⠁  ⡯⣟⣞⡇⡿⣽⡪⡘⡰⠨⢐⢀⠢⢢⢄⢤⣰⠼⡾⢕⢕⡵⣝⠎⢌⢪⠪⡘⡌⠀  ⡯⣳⠯⠚⢊⠡⡂⢂⠨⠊⠔⡑⠬⡸⣘⢬⢪⣪⡺⡼⣕⢯⢞⢕⢝⠎⢻⢼⣀⠀  ⠁⡂⠔⡁⡢⠣⢀⠢⠀⠅⠱⡐⡱⡘⡔⡕⡕⣲⡹⣎⡮⡏⡑⢜⢼⡱⢩⣗⣯⣟  ⢀⢂⢑⠀⡂⡃⠅⠊⢄⢑⠠⠑⢕⢕⢝⢮⢺⢕⢟⢮⢊⢢⢱⢄⠃⣇⣞⢞⣞⢾  ⢀⠢⡑⡀⢂⢊⠠⠁⡂⡐⠀⠅⡈⠪⠪⠪⠣⠫⠑⡁⢔⠕⣜⣜⢦⡰⡎⡯⡾⡽
lets go!
such poggers
Я который тут один Русский 🗿
quando é pra criticar eu critico mas quando é pra dar parabéns eu dou.... parabéns epic games
WOW!!! THIS LTM IS A BANGER!!!
Dope trailer ngl^﹏^
ai sim
First time fortnite do something like this nc but i dont like u attack other ppl haven't played it yet
Still dissapointed that we can't ride the animals
Imposible escape de LATAM
Epic how do we escpae
Es uno de los LMT más difíciles y divertidos que jugué en tiempo, gracias Epic! 💜💜💜
omg this my new fav ltm
wow
This is something i wanted for so long! :D
escapa de latam
Impossible
Vorrei fosse UTE (U=unlimited)
Imagine playing fortine in 2021
Left 4 dead be like
If u played apex this is kinda like the apex shadow event thing thingy I didn't get to play it but this looks exactly like the mode in apex
Great mode epic!
Wow
This was worth the wait
LETS GOO
If epic post this on twitter be like: The comments: "Dead game+Ratio+Warzone more better" Do you ever just wanna 🤜🧑
ngl this actually looks fun
This LTM is amazing and I subscribed to all of you in the comments, your welcome😁👍
Even someone who doesn’t already play Fortnite would play because of that trailer
Perfect
Ooooh boy. Going to have a lot of fun playing this.
Good job epic this LTM will be fun to try out.
I want the umbrella
Wait is this ltm live I'd love to give it a wirl
MineFort
Ill admit that's Gonna be the best LTM
Looks cool
Lol it’s kinda like Minecraft
Great Ltm Love this
More crazy stuff=why the game is dead.
This is basically zombies kind of
Amazing work Epic 👏
I just started playing the Forest and this Ltm is very good plus the umbrella!
How i can play fornite on android cuz i wait this from when ranaghade raider was aded
I likeeeee! OMG! ❤️
now this looks good
Great job👍
I love fortnite
YOOOOOO
fortnite those dinosaurs will see me as their meat.
Fortnite survival. Its actually pretty good. Although i tried to hop in front of a player to help him fight the guards like a hero, he ended up killing me FIRST with his purple scar before we killed the guards together.
Why this look Lowkey fun
this looks sick nice job epic
I cant wait to try this out!
Finally it came yessir
Can someone pleeeeeeeaaaaassssee help make fortnite put UZIs in fortnite
420 comments lol
Best LTM since floor is lava
WHO WANTS TO PLAY
Imposible de escapar de Latinoamérica
FINALLY LETS GOOOO
WHEN WILL THIS CAME OUT
Havent play fn in a long time
Poggers
Now they are grabbing ideas from MW2 and Black ops
yo wanna team up
stormtrooper aim.
Another Banger nice work epic
Still a dead game? Huh twitter kids??
Fortnite it's nice
This is going to be really really fun when I get on
I love the LTM I already have the umbrella
oooo- this looks very good. Might be my next favorite..    I miss food fight
Minecraft hardcore I smell
zombies are back guys
Who else thinks they should just do an online World Cup? Like it could be one big stream and every qualifier shows their face. It would be literally like the original streaming wise
Who wants to play with me to get the rewards!
Literally copied apex legands
Its so cool
Bro why ??????
Wow
Soooooo cooooolll
The comments are just little annoying kids that play fortnite
Save e world
Por el título pensé que se refería a "Imposible escapar de LATAM" xd
Is this the island that sypher pk was talking about in the leaks??
Me to sweat: team up Sweat: *one pumps me in the head*
I haven't played this LTM yet but judging by this trailer this looks fun.
ᶦ’ᵐ ˢᵘᵇᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˢᵘᵇˢ ᵗᵒ ᵐᵉ ʲᵘˢᵗ ᶜᵒᵐᵐᵉⁿᵗ ᵈᵒⁿᵉ
Looks actually really good
If its impossible how are we gonna win? 🤔🤔🤔        /s
Does fort nite responded..
Most boring LTM ever
If you guys add a sider man skin that well be cool.
Era ora 🎊🥳
Fortnite this is sick, if you see this comment do,please let me know when the superheroe skins are coming I've been waiting like a month I'm so excited!
Can y’all bring 50v50 back plz
loving all the content Fortnite has been giving us recently!
Something fresh
This LTM reminds me of fortnitemares with the fog
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉ ᵃⁿᵈ ˡᶦᵏᵉˢ ᵗʰᶦˢ  ᶜᵒᵐᵐᵉⁿᵗ 🤎
No amigo! Incluso los personajes de fortnite pueden escapar de latam y yo no :'(
Good Job
raptors? nty
friend
This is going to be crazy and the umbrella is so sick
Omg
Ok so basically there are animals hunting you and you need to bring something to the helicopter to win but there are other players trying to kill you
The umbrella is my now. Also what a great LTM it going to be.
ᴵ’ᵐ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˡᶦᵏᵉˢ ᵃⁿᵈ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉˢ ᵗᵒ ᵐᵉ.!!
مين ‏عربي❤️
No me lo creo XD, escape de Latinoamérica
Why does this remind me of the gmod zombie mode even though it’s not close to it
I eas just chilling in lobby, and trailer was showed just on my eyes at this moment
I hare fortnite bring back ch 1 map
Almost won by my electricity went off
This is the refresh that fortnite needed and thanks epic for this awesome LTM 👌
For some reason it gives me the vibes from that zombie Ltm in season 9
اول عربي
claim your here befour 10k views ticket
Fortnite disins uninstalls you because they are always the same things pr
Can’t wait to get sweated on
Niceu!!
Fak
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Yoo it's actually looks awesome
Excellent !!
良さげ👍
Fortnite You dead if you do not return chapter 1 season 3 back
Fortnite!!!!!
Cool Eltm
Yes yes yes there back baby.
Sheesh
Fortnite equivalent to zombies
If you win you get a umbrella?
poggers
I think that's a good one we've seen in a while
10/10 trailer
Zombie is back!
wowowo!
Very nice
Reminds me of that cod ghosts mode
Omg
I love it🤩🤩
omg
Looks sick
Omg epic what have you done this is poggers
make this a "survival" gamemode
This is the survival ltm we all been waiting for
Nice I need to try it out the ltm good job epic games
Dang doesn’t look half baf
Looks like Friday the 13th with a bit of STw I'm all for it
Thumb side ways👍
The umbrella you get for winning this LTM is so good! 👍
ForTnITeMareS FreE SkiNS iN forTNitE
New skin i see
, can we get a Harry Potter skin
CONTENT ALERT 🚨 WE ARE GETTING ACTUAL GAMEPLAY  CONTENT  THAT IS NOT SKINS THIS IS NOT A DRILL 🚨
Woooo this actually looks awesome
ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy early gang
i've already won xd
So excited
GG, Very good. Maybe the bedt LTM that you've been created
pog
Poggers
wow
What Ghost!?
The STW Gamemode we always asked for, and still didn't get cause this is an LTM for BR.
This looks so lit
Notification Gang but bring back the detective girl skin and the magnifying glass axe
First
FIRSTTT !!!
I would enjoy to play it
Für Fortnait
The LTM has been out for a couple hours I already have the umbrella that you get when you win
Why cant we have any large and good map changes
Good
هذا طور جديد
Ok that trailer was really dope.
😂😂😂😂 yo entendí escape se latam 😂😂😂😂
Ooooo
A sacarse la xuxa noma
Hyped?
Noice 👍
Looks fun
this would have been nice, if i had friends to play with xD
Time to use my survival skins
Ya
Есть русские?
i wish i had a skin ):
🔥🔥🔥
Wtf is this Jurassic park
Pensé que decía escape de Latinoamérica
This good
hi
hi
Finally, a promisimg ltm
Let’s fricking go!!!
Dope
Sorry I like women
SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESH
hi
Sheeesh i hope to find same helpfull bugs
Indiana Jones type mode
Who else agrees this is cool
oh boy I can't wait to play!
Exfiling from cod be like
Wow!
I'm 33 like
basically save the world for people who don’t have it
hope for this to be a great LTM
Alright time to reinstall
Hell yeah, please keep this as a permanent mode
Please bring back 50vs50
I miss the old fortnite 😢😢😢😢😢 it's not the same.
Finally an og like trailer
I gona play it right now
Cool
I’m going to get on right now
What in the COD zombies?!!
I’M EXCITED TO PLAY THIS LTM!!!
Never been more excited for an ltm
You should do more of these ltms for free items, also I love the shadow ghost from Fortnitemares! Bring them back in October and make voice chat distorted again!!
Tbh I don't like fortnite but this looks kinda cool and I might have to try it
"ᴵ’ᵐ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˡᶦᵏᵉˢ ᵃⁿᵈ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉˢ ᵗᵒ ᵐᵉ !‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎
Who is excited for the new LTM?
Cool
Keep it up epic I loveeee your game❤️❤️
So good
I don’t understand
Bra I was whating  for this
This looks so cool! Can’t wait to play it!
23 day left i am so exited
Raven: Time to use what these people call, guns
Fortnite tooop!!!!!!!
YouTube : There are 13 comments  Me : But there are no- Youtube : *THERE ARE 13 COMMENTS*
wow
Tiblack, grins, forit ждём вашу реакцию
Yay
Omg let’s go
omg+
Nice Ltm
It isn´t easy to catch the win
Helicopters *returning?*
Espera ya empezó la temporada
Is it already in game?
Save the world vibes
Amazing ltm...... looking forward to play it
"ᴵ’ᵐ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˡᶦᵏᵉˢ ᵃⁿᵈ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉˢ ᵗᵒ ᵐᵉ !‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎
Nice
Oooooooo
Booooriiiingggg
Zombie apocalypse 2021
GG
yes sir
Can I get robix
They have some great ideas it seems
In case anyone is wondering, I finished the LTM in 40 mins
Número 14
Bring back superheroes skins tonight
I’m sold I’m coming back to the game now
LETS GOOO NEW LTM
I have been waiting for this to come out
1K likes in 22 seconds!
I love this 😍
Bring back 50vs50
This is the best Ltm since getaway or the avengers
I tried it,SO ICONIC!
I have horde rush vibes rn
Lowkey this gives me some Cold War zombies vibes
Que foda
Wow
Played 30 mins of this mode just to get in the helicopter and I.o. Guards spawn out of nowhere and beam me
Exacto fortnite imposible escape ltm    Ltm: LATAM
p-q
Fortnite is fun
Epic gonna try soon
This is why we love Fortnite
The shadows😨😲🙀
This is a W
best ltm
bro this looks amazing 😳
Hi
We got victory Royale 💪🏻💪🏻
Helo
Oh wow I’m excited
So it's free?
Omg yooooo that is sick
I think I'm going to like this
Ngl this looks boring af
YHEA
Esto parece otro juego.
Sheesh
Can’t wait to play it
Love it
Im 14 comment
Oh yay fiends
Seems cool and it fits the season
I’m in 👏🏾
😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳
Please make it permanent
Free save the world. Leshhh gooo
sheeeeee
Pov: tratas de escapar de Latinoamérica
I’ve got a play right now this looks the best
👏👏👏
That is so sick
Omg
Yo this looks lit
the best ltm
I cant wait to play this ltm
Fortnite return old modes Games
This cool LTM. like The foundation said: "The island has gone wild"
Great ghost are back great my one weakness
Nice
15
sick
We need snipers back
日本人の人✋🏼
A love fortnite
The Fortnite Live Event: Back to the PAST
Esta hermoso
180th
This is cool
Your game sucks now
This LTM is so good and the umbrella to go along with it is just perfection! Amazing work Epic 👏
nice
Rezolv bug  Like
Я1
hi
Stw vibes
Bruh are they even trying to shoot?
This is cool
ayoo this actually looks fun
Wow 😳
They brought back the choppa?
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎. WHY NOT MY 7 SEASON
This actually seems like fun
ooooooo🤪
Nice one tho 😉😉  But I can't update with my mobile data ://///
Yoo I’ve quit fortnite
Coooooooooool
Horde rush without the zombies
i hate dinosaurs
All the 10yr olds try Harding for an umbrella
@9_b13 inst
Already won! This was so exciting and cool!
THIS LOOKS INSANE
This the ltm I have been waiting for
Dude omg can’t wait this is what I’ve needed
nice
YESSSS A CO-OP GAMEMODE
هههه
Luks Sic
fortinte oh dear fortinte        WE LOVE YOU!
This looks sick
Minecraft x Fortnite confirmed
Si ves esto dale like y tendrás un buen día
Leeeetssssssss gooooooooooo
This might be one of the most fun ltm's that Fortnite has made in a long time!
Daora
I accidentally clicked this in a middle of a Cory vid 😡
Increíble
Your game is for fk kids
Amazing IM GETTINGNON
139 time to rhyme...
Ealy
Wtf is amazing
fortnite give me a skin
BOM!!
I like this this looks nice
جامد
Ohh it looks very interesting
Epic
"Ark fortnite doesn't exist it cant hurt you" Ark fortnite:
Whoah
This is a sick trailer I really like it
Aquí está el comentario en español que buscabas
لعبتكم زقه
Hell ya
I love this
LOVING THIS LTM!
"ᴵ’ᵐ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˡᶦᵏᵉˢ ᵃⁿᵈ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉˢ ᵗᵒ ᵐᵉ !‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎
Wow
Always forget me you are the most beautiful community you respect maximum!
interesting
GF fortnite please me siken
Latinoamérica be like
Epic games do it so good
Bring back sugar rush emote!!!!
This umbrella looks insane make more fortnite 😏💯💯💯💯
can y’all comment “ goated “ on my fortnite locker ! i would appreciate it ❤️
ok
I'm playing it rn
Imposible escape LATAM
Omg
dababy skin confirmed
Let’s goooo
ARK: Fortnite Edition
Bring back OG map
👍
Gj epic games one of the best LTMs
Great LTM
Love you fortnite till my death
Pog
Best LTM since bodyguard LTM
Wow.
Why is this posted 6 seconds ago but comments were posted an hour ago
14 commenter
Escapa de latinoamerica el juego
Cody 👍🏻👍🏻
Hello this is good
Nice good job epic
WE LOVE FORTNITE
idk
Cool
I have been so excited to play this LTM! 🔥🔥
WAIT IS THIS THE SANDBOX GAMEMODE 😱
Get out of the loop
dice escapar de latam?
early
Day 4 of asking Fortnite to add a Ne Zha skin
16th
who else is HYPE FOR THIS?
Bruh this is amazing
Cool
🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗😊😊😊😎😎😎👍👍
Wow what a great Lyn man
Number 69
Nice
اولین کامنت://///
OMG
فورت نايت تجي تمصي
The adrenaline is pumping
Day 69 of trying to become famous from coments
Fortnite is good like me koment
Woooooooo
🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
WOWWW🤩
Für Fortnäit
Good
Pog
I was waiting for this
Congrats to everyone who is early and who found this comment
Yooooooooooo
Wow wow.
Can I get vbucks and a voucher
Cool
off brand cold war zombies mode 💀
Opa
🤩 I’m amazed
We like Fortnite 😂
Woah. That's COOL
AWESOME
When Candice is sus....
Lets goo
Its here bois
Please but back fortnite on ios
And we  get free rewards as well.
Castaway Jonesy: HELP ME!
Sheesh
THIS IS A REAL LTM
this looks fun af
What
Cool I guess
221 th view
Wow
Ok but those cutscenes are actually really good in game. WE NEED MORE!
Wow
Omgggg
LTM Look sicks
Hello Fortnite
Nice
👌👍
This is lookin sickkk
Yey
Won it already
Hi
Niceee
Топ
Yes
Tesssss
First jk
Ooh
Hi
Sheeeesh
This is so much fun!
Pog
Hi
I arrived
Goku le gana
Hi
Nice Ltm
Ho
💯
I have a glider
Hi
Pog
Yo is that Candice?!
Nice
Looks sick
Boi
Hi
Nice
What is this
Hi
Hi
Wow
Wow
Oooooo
Fortnite seggs
First
Mantapss
1
e
1st?
The Fortnite isn't just a Victory Royal, Fortnite is seperate genre
Yo
That looks cool
This looks like something I would play.
This is the most excited I have ever been for an LTM.
Just leave it in the game 🤷‍♂️
Ltm looks sick
LTM 😴 cant be arsed
I am excited
Only 140 views lol.
😍
Cool
What a great ltm. Good job Fortnite
hi
Hello
