Update as of 01/06/2024: Undertale Yellow has released a message on Toby Fox's behalf. In which Toby states that he will be donating $20k to the charity of Undertale Yellow's choosing. Additionally he says that Sebastian was right in regards to the fact that Yellow didn't get permission from him to publish the music until recently. However, Sebastian had handled this situation extremely terribly and Toby criticized him in private for doing so. With him stating that they should be supporting fan's love and passion towards any fanwork.  Toby has also said that they will be re-working the guidelines for usage on Undertale's audio to make them more clear as well as provide better information on how to license music properly.  Update as of 01/02/2024:  Undertale Yellow has released a public statement, stating that their music will now have their disputes accepted similarly to Undertale's music. While this is a big win, it is still unclear if disputes will be rejected for other fangames outside of Yellow. Additionally, it is unclear if Undertale music will get disputes rejected for videos that don't have Undertale gameplay present. Toby Fox, we still wish for you to release a public statement on all of this to give proper clarification.  Original Comment: Anyone that goes out of their way to harass or leave negative comments towards anyone mentioned in this video isn't apart of my community. We're here to spread love, kindness, and acceptance. Not the other way around. The only way we can get these rules to change is via constructive criticism, not harassing people. That being said, don't go flooding the CEO's Twitter with complaints either. If you want to say anything, make sure it's constructive.  Toby Fox, if you're watching this, releasing a public statement like you did before is the best way to get out of this mess. It would mean a lot if you did so.  Anyway here is my legally obligated Cibles Plushies link /j - https://ciblesgd.junipercreates.com
discord dms with a pedophile 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Sure looks like Undertale’s community just got put in even more danger now.
0:00 you think
HOW TF DO YOU HAVE RED HYPERLINKS
Screw Materia. They've claimed three of my covers (not distributed covers, just shorts) and two of my disputes were rejected.
Even now the company is still a pain in the behind
Toby Fox's evil doppelganger confirmed
it's horrible to see big companies like this disrespect the wishes of toby fox and crap on fangames that toby fox acknowledges and gives the green light for. it's disgusting
7 years? IS THAT A SILKSONG REFR- *gets [shot] *
Bro how does your own music get copyrighted?
Like, ref... Do something
Because of this, Misaki's channel is entirely terminated, I miss them.
0:20 smg4 fans unite
more like copywrong!
ISNT THE COPYRIGHT COMPANY ROYALE SCIENCES LLC?
Guys, it's starting again
When I read the title I thought of the I'm in danger meme
At least when it comes to fan stuff and such... Toby really is the GOAT.
The fact that the creator isn’t allowed to say “I’m fine with this stop suing and taking *MY FAN’S* money without telling me or giving me any of it”
I scheduled a remaster of a megalovania cover i did 3 years to release for this friday, instantly gets claimed and it's by another person who did a cover. Not only that, every promo video that had the remaster in the background was claimed by seperate people who had also made Megalovania covers. I'm sure my disputes will go through but the fact this happens so consistently just goes to show how much of a joke the copyright system is, especially when the only similarities between all of these covers including mine is the arrangement, it is fair use to cover a song and it just seems silly when I'm getting claims from the rights holders of people who also covered the same song.
what the heck is all this fuss about undertale music? i mean oh wow i love undertale songs but if  someone were to use a song, its completely obvious it was made by toby.  its not like anyone is saying "ohh yeah no i made the 5th ost it was my idea blah blah" we all know that aint happening. or if someone uses the music in a video, do they have to put credit??? no! its not a small creator who made that song or something, anyways ive watched most of the video if im completely missing the point, or need to watch more, lmk + ik a content creator who does not bring up ut/dt at all, no references, nothing, but they use all their sound effects, songs, even sound effects i have never heard of. they only use other songs like once or twice every video this is bs
11:15 MATERIA MUSIC PUBLISHING WAS OFFICIALLY NOT WITHIN THEIR LEGAL RIGHTS TO WRONGFULLY CHANGE THEIR YOUTUBE FAQ.
WHAT THATS THE SAME PEOPLE THAT COPYRIGHT ME BRO I PLAYED UNDERTALE ON MY STREAM AND IT GOT COPYRIGHTED FOR NO REASON
GD COLOGNE 12:47
GET TOBY FOX IN HERE
Why do services and companies created to protect property rights end up acting as if they are trying to take ownership for themselves?
So, if I fall asleep to undertale music, does that mean my dreams are gonna get copyrighted?
People who have nothing to do with something sure love getting involved
one time i had a livestream with undertale music in the background and MULTIPLE songs were copyrighted by random people who didn't even produce the music
Relatable characters-shows the gay robot in a dress
"Cibles, It's late go to bed"
just court
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠗⣪⣵⣶⠞⣃⣄⡻⠇⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⢡⣾⣿⣿⠁⠚⠧⠿⠛⠜⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⣿⡿⣛⣋⢅⣤⣷⡯⣥⣒⠎⣙⡛⠿⠿⠿⢋⣿ ⣭⣭⣭⣭⣭⣭⣭⢡⣴⣾⠏⣴⣯⣍⠻⣿⣮⠻⢷⣌⢻⣧⢰⣶⡟⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣥⣾⣿⠇⣾⢿⣧⣤⣤⣌⡟⢳⠿⠛⠀⣿⠸⢋⣼⣿ ⣉⣉⣉⣉⢉⠁⣿⣿⠏⣾⢟⣨⣛⠻⣛⣻⡻⣿⣶⣮⢐⢡⣾⡈⣿⣿ ⣤⣶⣶⡶⢒⠀⠿⡿⢸⡏⠼⢢⡩⣅⠈⢹⣿⢿⡛⢗⢸⢘⣟⣣⣛⣛ ⣿⣿⡿⣣⣿⢿⡷⣭⠘⡀⠐⣻⣷⠪⣛⠦⣤⣤⣬⡤⢠⡈⢼⣇⣿⣿ ⣿⡟⣰⣿⣿⣦⡛⢷⣾⣿⠡⣿⣿⣿⣶⣿⣷⣶⠶⣶⣆⢩⢸⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⢱⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡦⠙⣿⣟⠹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣯⣷⣿⣿⢣⣿⡇⢿⣿⣿ ⡏⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⣵⣷⠹⣿⣷⣤⣉⣥⣛⠘⣋⠛⢣⣿⣿⡇⣠⡹⣿ ⣧⠻⣿⣿⡿⢋⣾⣿⣿⣧⠹⠿⡿⠿⢿⣿⠿⢋⣔⣻⠿⣫⣾⣿⣿⡌
Not my goatee tobiux foxinal 😰
10:12 Ah yes,a wise game developer once said “Do what thou wilt”,wise words indeed.
I searched for misaki's channel to listen to the Undertale ost but instead I found this on top.
Me using it in my credits
is that the reason the original 100mio views video of the megalovania theme got taken down on youtube?
rest in peace misaki
It's been a year since this video was uploaded, and i hope he got removed from his job or he changed his mind about it, because someday, someone probably will make a song that will almost sound like Undertale, and they will put a copyright on it  I am not judging, i am just saying my opinion, don't take me seriously
False advertiser
False advertising person
Only 2 Genders
Liberate the LGB!
Say no to the woke mind virus
not long ago, i made a video on a certain point of Undertale Yellow: the Bosses, Genocide, Pacifist and Neutral run. I did not understood why it got suspended.
3:20 wtf is that mascot bro
And now its taken down...
I got copywrite claimed for playing the sans boss fight because of megolavania
They are destroying the soul of the game with these copyright
The more I watched this video, the more I want to pull my hair out because of how dumb this situation
"I am altering the deal. Pray i don't alter it further." Darth vader and Sebastian Wolff
Materia's CEO right now: 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
I got copyrighted because I used finale, and it says it is from someone else, not toby fox, carzy right?
This is pissing me off i am the original                                                                                                             Starwalker
i made a cover of megalovania and it got copyrighted ts pmo
Is this why the Misaki channel got taken down? I remember she had the whole playlist of Undertale OST before Toby Fox uploaded his. Of course, she credited him for the music. I added hers to my library, but now I don't see it anymore or her channel. And she had other OSTs too, not just Undertale.
Materia music does not know how to deal with this
Misaki channel got taken down bruh
3:53 does anyone know what editing software this is? It looks like premiere pro but different at the same time..
Toby fox should try and take all the music rights back and go the way of "public use" like kevin mcleod
Emkay has undertale music in the background  and has no issue
I did no-hit vid of mettaton ex then it got copyrighted for the metal remix
There's a reason why I dislike music industries.
Hi colon
MISAKI WAS TAKEN DOWN WTF
This is almost the same situation @RADAL was in
Was watching this then all of a sudden at 2:50 i get a ad for hungry jacks (I am Australian we call burger king hungry jacks)
13:56 undertale and deltarune fans of any kind ASSEMBLE
Well I had a DMCA claim from Deltarune now, I was playing 3rd sanctuary in the background so I’m curious if this is happening again 🫠
If this is Undertale's situation, I was wondering, did this shit happen with other Materia-recorded games like Hollow Knight or is Undertale a unique case?
wolf＝noisy puppy  In fact, his pride resides higher than Everest
Fun fact, Toby Foxx can legally sue He’s not going to but it’s just something he can do he could make a threat about it but I doubt he’s gonna do anything like that
They also got Misaki😭
Undertale Yellow (NO WAY) is my favorite game and my number one, so the thought of Undertale Yellow being removed SCARYS me!!!!!
copi cpoi
It's sad that the most popular uploads of the OST got taken down along with all the comments under those videos.
this so nostalgi...
Why do we even have copyright laws at this point, it has only caused trouble as far as I can see.
Toby fox basically having an evil twin who is litteraly named Sebastian wolf😭
why cant toby fox just  sue them
It's no longer in danger!  It's been completely wiped off the face of the platform now in the past week...
You caused caused fury. Your yelling fails to be only funny, it makes me livid at Wolf and Materia. You insist it's purely comedic, but the way you're doing it is absolutely not.
this feels like racism...
cause YT is a HRLT. copywright is just excuse to benefit Themselves about their monetization.
when annoying dog ain't smiling you know its important 😔
now i know why Misaki and Palpe disappeared from YouTube. thanks for the infos
Toby fox can fix this.  The prodigal son must return.
Toby even loves when people, use his music and make remixes but material collective hates it and is evil.
She's got a point here.
seeing this now that all the ost have been taken down :(
12:50 gd cologne spotted
I can imagine Toby Fox releasing Deltarune in full then pulling the C418 move of… disappearing.
Idk Why are 1 hour videos with a song from Undertale not deleted but 4 minute ones are?
9:16 That "What?" summarizes it pretty well XD
shayy, it's late, go to bed.
12:46 I love GD Cologne
4:32 1min 6s*
Now I’m convinced this dumb ceo has an ai responding to tweets and emails
I’m convinced Sebastian is making money from every dispute claimed
How has Toby not stopped working with them?
Thats called being a bad company
THESE [[Copyright Problems]] ARE P*SSING [[Me]] OFF [[Right Now]]
Feels like one of my old middle school teacher, if you ask questions they don’t like, they don’t answer
Say it with me now. Class.🗣️📣 Action.🗣️📣 Lawsuit.🗣️📣
I wonder if part of their contract, gives them a portion of all revenue ‘reclaimed’ from claimed videos. That’d explain the reason to claim as much as possible.
I covered Here We Are from the UT soundtrack, and i got a copyright claim, not from Materia Music, but from another person who covered the song. I thought about disputing it but there was no point as it has no effect on the video (i’m too small of a creator to be monetised anyway). I won’t name the person as I don’t want to send any hate their way, as I listened to their cover and it was far better than mine anyway lol.
This whole situation is so fucked, it’s ridiculous….
The title: Undertale's music is in danger  The video: Undertale Yellow's music is in danger
Materia Music took down my video for an edit of Hopes And Dreams and SAVE The World mixed together. They didn't claim it, they *TOOK IT DOWN!* Sure, it plays Hopes And Dreams in its entirety, but it seamlessly transitions to the in-game version of SAVE The World. It's not gameplay, it's a reupload of those two Undertale OST songs mixed together that plays for 20 minutes. Is it fair use or not? Because I think it's transformative.  EDIT: I got a response from Materia via email, and they insist that the video should remain taken down, because they don't want Undertale and Deltarune rips be reuploaded to YouTube. I read their YouTube FAQ, and I think they may have updated it again, because there is now a section in the FAQ that reads "Q: Can I upload soundtrack rips to youtube? A: No." Even if it's transformative. I predict a lot of Undertale and Deltarune music rips will be purged very soon, and I think this will *totally not* create any drama what-so-ever.  EDIT 2: I was right! When I made this comment, all Undertale OST extended uploads that we have come to know and love were still up. Two days later, all of them are gone! Some reuploads still exist, but I think they'll disappear in the coming days too.
If Deltarune's soundtrack is to be released, I wonder if he can get a record deal with Napalm Records moving forward.
Here after knowing that almost every deltarune ost in palpe channel get deleted🥀
It’s happening with deltarune
I wonder what would happen if this video with all this evidence gets sent to Toby fox...    Undertale/Deltarune community? Go for it.
That's crazy...
Emkay uses Undertale music as well as Cuphead OST. Just sayin'.
Toby Fox's Undertale music In copyright trouble. Gee, I wonder why...😊
in all honesty fan games and fan music needs not to be clamed. for example i played last breath soundtrack (a sans fanmade undertale game) and it was clamed for one video but not another.
WHAT?!
13:41 Bro thinks hes W.D. Gaster
Materia music is at it once again: Multiple channels with deltarune ost have been getting struck by copyright claims left and right ever since the new chapters, even if said channel has barely any subscribers, any sort of monetization or even make their descriptions with credit/links towards toby and such.
is this why playboi carti couldn't release the original pitstop???
toby fox toxy fob foby tox foxy tob
Envious loser bahavior fr that guy just fucking around and soon will find out
Has it been resolved or is this copyright hell still a problem.
Bro probably came out of administrative finance school thinking mechanically about things: What's important is to make money, money and money, disregard empathy, disregard everything.
8:00 wowie i didint knew that Npesta was so famous at the point of appearing in non gd related content(aside from the kenos reaction meme)
gd colonge
probably cuz ur video was 6 hours long so theyd make a lot of money
You can do it!
and now today they’re copyright striking any channel that reuploads the delta rune ost
Is it pronounced kible or sible
Man, the greed of them Wolves has no bounds
This is why you don't mess with companies, they are just pieces of shit that seek profit and nothing else matters for them.
@CiblesGD I don't know how this situation resolved since you posted this, but one of my streams got struck for using undertale music as background noise while I was locked in speedrunning.
wouldnt be surprised if they argued that undertale itself couldnt use undertale ost (i know this has been resolved already but eh]
..and..THIS is why people hate music publishing companies. It's not the artists that can dictate stuff...it's the company. The artists or composers themselves don't own the music they write themselves anymore....but the music publishers. It's the PUBLISHERS that actually own the copyrights. They then ABUSE DMCAs and Copyright strikes.  "We can't do anything," translates to.."We WON'T do anything. We want everybody to pay for the music, and we don't want ANY music being used in any public forum."
Fact is the entire legal framework around copyright and patents needs to be overhauled to be far less strict. It's gotten ridiculous how tight people are with IP, especially as all great works build upon those that came before. The only way to fix it would be through getting Congress to completely rewrite the laws, and corporate lobbies will never allow that. They are all about control and stifling creativity, they want a world is passive sheep. Such is the problem with the rich elite and corporations being the ruling class.
Sebastian wolf isn't really toby fox? There not the creator of the game toby fox is
=)
Oh hell Deltarune ost name leaked by this Materia 😭😭😭
bro think he is gaster lmao 13:37
at this point I just feel bad about the Undertale/Undertale Yellow fans because it's a whole new game and as of now 2025, Deltarune still hasn't been released which he did start making before Undertale. Its just sad about this argument going everywhere because then how will it be for other Undertale fangames if they have the same problem.
This video scared me last night since i'm a youtuber lol
Just tag Toby Fox if they go forward with copyrighting everything:3
"Sebastian Wolf"?  What, is his mascot the tolerable cat?!
So, I'm also having copyright issues on Undertale's videos in fact I'm forced to put the credits to Toby Fox. But I don't understand why they have to put copyright on a gameplay, it doesn't make sense!
meanwhile best friends forever, afterlife, and specimen clay: 🔥
Sony helldivers 2 levels of trying to conceal their changes to the tos.
lol imagine toby posts a video with undertale yellow and just  ‘the og music is mine shut up’
F***  THIS COMPANY
never thought id see gd cologne in a cibles vid
there has got to be milliions of youtube shorts using undertale music
You know what I gonna protect undertale who is with me
Can't toby just get someonr else for the copyright
we should just get rid of copyright all together and make claiming YOU made the song bad instead of just using it
Minecraft music is also in the same similar problem  really someone should do something about it, if I was an artist I wouldn't trust materia music
trans cat crashes out over the colour yellow
You know the crazy thing? Fallen down was one of the most popular sounds on YT Shorts in 2020-23
wolf is a greedy CEO show him no mercy, toby fox is a beloved game dev. they are not the same
someone called justagamedev has been working on a vr remake of undertale so i hope mmp does not shoot the copyright gun
I swear these companies think that when someone lets them handle the legal side of their music, the company thinks that they own the person's music
Toby Fox's music should've just been put under Creative Commons, to be honest.
Toby fox approved undertale yellow so it falls under fair use materia music is stupid
toby wolf vs sebastian wolff
12:48 GD COLON
8:08 gd
are u a boy or a girl? just asking
Quietly changing an online document regarding to a legal matter is what caused a Minecraft modded to try and sue Mojang/Microsoft. I wonder how that went… and I wonder if an FAQ is legally binding like a Privacy Policy or EULA.
this is a get away plan wich in europe has a law to BAN so if Materia is based in eroupe then they would get OBLITERATED OUT OF EXISTANCE
speaking of background music-- using the iconic track from Spongebob Battle for Bikini Bottom is based. great video
This reminds me of Bury The Light being Falsely Claimed by Ello Music lmao, which i think is fixed now if I'm correct i have a lot of videos using the song, some were claimed but now all of the claims are gone, hopefully i don't jinx myself here.
You are amazing and I am very thankful for updates on this thanks
understand that they just playing undertale fangames:❌ KILLING GAME AND DOESN'T EVEN LISTEN CREATOR:✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️
Why are you gay?
Thanks for the info. I was thinking of doing an undertale all routes stream marathon so I'll definitely try to look more into this
Can't wait for chapter 7 of deltarune to end with a wolf named sebastian where you have to put him into a peaceful slumber by singing
What really concerns me about this is many YouTubers use Undertale music in their sponserships, like Alpharad. Since they have sponserships in most of their videos, this means if Materia decides to copyright strike Undertale music in general, like 65% of Alpharad’s channel will get copyright striked.
0:22 Smg4 refrenced-happeh
I rebuke satan in the name of Jesus
Undertale Yellow vs GD 2.2 both took 7 years to develop both released in december 2023
Toby fox should sue materia music
if it were me at the email where they said it was a different game i'd just reply with "Notice: If you've ever uploaded a youtube video.. etc.
Dont care.
who is Blaize Mayes
u gay?
The interesting thing is that noteblock put some of yellows music on Spotify since he helped out with some of them.
Is real, about 1 month ago i made on my YouTube Channel, and EVERY SINGLE VIDEO WAS COPYRIGHTED
LOL GOGGLE LINKED YOUR VIDEO
7:58 npesta?????? 12:45 gd cologne??????????
This situation is like roblox removing all undertale/undertale fangame music, alternate music  So it's sad.
Welp materia is somewhat getting their villain arc.
So your telling me there is an evil Toby fox named Sebastian wolf 😭
12:50 danno would be made poor
Calling a 100% free fangame a "business venture" is wild
0:07  don't know if this is just rumors, but Toby fox said that some sprites in the game didn't look sucky enough.
All fun and games until Sebastian has beef with cbs news Australia for using sans theme
just sue them :D [not youtube i ment materia]
7 months later and this issue seems to still be going on here, damn
